The Ninth Life

A novel
By
Jaye Marie

Smashwords Edition

copyright 2014 Jaye Marie



This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
This e-book may not be resold or given away to other people.
If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons living or dead, or places, events and locales is purely coincidental. 
The characters are products of the authors imagination and used fictitiously.

Author website:  http;//jayemarie01.blogspot.co.uk
Email:  jayemarie01@btinternet.com





~~~~


I have been talking to people for a long, long time.

Usually I am giving them advice, or pointing out the error of their ways and I love doing that.
Sometimes I try to make them less lonely as there are so many lonely people out there, but they generally fall into two groups those who take no notice of me and those who do not hear no matter how hard I try.
Sometimes it can be fun, but more often, it is as frustrating as hellwhen you can clearly see a problem and the solution, only for your words to be ignored.

Not all the people I have talked to over the years were ordinary, some were quite important, destined for greatness and most of them have listened to me. Many have thought me some kind of divine messenger or the beginnings of madness, but I am just a voice in their head. 
Nothing special or important, just an ordinary voice.





One

She heard the teasing voice in her head and chose to ignore him, wondering again if she was going insane. Why was he still pestering her after all these years, why couldn't he just leave her alone?
Logically, she knew he must want something from her, for he wouldn't still be annoying her after all this time. Thinking about him always made her feel a little bit special, but knew that couldn't be. She spent her life leaping from one disaster to the next, done far too many wrong things ever to be special.
So why was he still around, didn't he have anything better to do?
None of it ever made any sense, so she filed it away in her mind as some sort of deviance she must have been born with, like colour blindness. 


Friday had been a busy day like any other and Kate was tired and ready for bed, ready to forget the day and switch her brain off, but the heartburn that plagued her all day seemed to have another agenda.
Pushing the unruly mop of curly hair away from her face, she studied the canvas in front of her, trying to decide if the painting was good enough; or if she was wasting her time trying to be creative when she felt like crap.  It had most of the elements her customers loved so they should like it. A stunning waterfall was the focal point of the picture with ethereal greens and blues in every shade imaginable captured in the white froth of the spraying water. The image seemed to shimmer and move the more you looked at it. 
She knew the place well, it was in Cornwall and she had been there many times. It was a truly magical place, for you could climb up the rocks and get really close to the falling water. Close enough to get soaked she thought, smiling at the memory. She knew she would have to go there again before she was any older, and soon. 
There was something about water; it seemed to communicate directly with Kates soul. She loved nothing more than being near, or in it at every opportunity. Even a simple boat ride would be so much more special if she ended up soaked to the skin.  She didn't tend to analyse it too much though, water had the power to make her feel good and this transferred to anyone who loved her paintings and that was all she really cared about.
Deciding to call it a night, she took a last look at the canvas, reasonably pleased with what she had accomplished. The wet paint glistened like moonlight on the water and she wished as always the effect would remain when the paint was dry.
She looked closer. There seemed to be something hiding in the splashing water. What was it?

What can you see, my dear Kate. Have you included me in your painting? 

In the beginning, she thought the voice just wanted to confuse her and tried to ignore it, but he kept on telling her what to do, or usually, what she shouldn't do. 
Why was it she instinctively never took any notice of his instructions or the seemingly sincere appeals or sarcastic quips? She knew from experience to refuse to cooperate sometimes led to a disaster of one kind or another, but something other than the voice told her to obey was more than her life was worth.
Either way, she proved to be powerless to do anything other than follow her own instincts. Even when she knew deep down she was wrong.

It was almost as though she was meant to fail, to suffer, to know and feel just how stupid she was, as though she was born with something missing. She often wondered if the voice was in fact a devil, because sometimes it would seem as though it was. All that medieval temptation and mysteriousness - it could well be, she thought.  But what was his business with her?
A small part of her brain always sympathised with the Devil. He had been cast out too hadn't he, fallen from grace and all that? They did seem to have a lot in common. It didn't explain why this voice had been annoying her for most of her life. There was no reason she could see or imagine. Or was he the only thing who ever listened whenever she prayed for divine help?
The voice didn't seem evil or cruel to her. Sometimes there was something else just underneath the surface; something she could sense, but it was never strong enough to make her toe the line.
Kate never obeyed even the slightest suggestion from him, and despite the consequences, she didnt intend to start now. She often wondered if her life would have been any different, or would it have been worse?
What could he possibly do to her anyway; he was just an annoying voice in her head and couldn't really hurt her, could he?


She finished her cigarette, stubbing it out in the overflowing ashtray and looked at the painting again, but the elusive detail was still not clear. Oh well, she had done enough for one night. She wiped the paint from her fingers with a piece of rag that smelled strongly of linseed oil and made her way to the kitchen. 
The indigestion was developing into razor blades in her stomach and she pulled a face. Why was it bothering her now? She used to suffer a lot in the past, but it only became a problem when she was worried or going through yet another crisis.
Lately though, her life had evened out and that was just as well for she was getting far too old to put up with any more trouble. She was moderately happy and free from problems; at least she thought she was. There was no annoying pig headed husband to drive her nuts anymore, no pestering family turning up at inopportune moments. She was her own boss, doing something she loved. If she could just sell more of her work, it would be perfect.
Maybe moving to a remote island, somewhere she would not see or hear other people with all their noise would be better, but she was content for now.
That is, if she just get this indigestion to sod off.

While she was making a last cup of coffee before bed, she took another antacid tablet, hoping to knock the heartburn into submission so she could get some sleep.
Suddenly, a wave of nausea and dizziness hit her and she clutched desperately at the worktop, wondering how long it would last this time. This wasn't quite like before; she felt hot and seemed to be moving in treacle. She sat down on one of the kitchen stools, hoping it would pass or just ease off a bit as it had in the past, but if anything she was feeling worse by the minute. There was no pain, apart from the heartburn which was trying to burn a hole in her chest; but when she checked her pulse it was dancing all over the place, seeming to stop all together for long moments as she frantically tried to hold herself together. 
This cannot be happening now, she thought, was she finally going to die or was this just another one of his games?  She was getting too old to care anymore, she just wanted to stop thinking and feeling. Just stop.

You know that is not about to happen, Kate... even if I could take you away from all this, it is not the right time. Why do you want to stop now? I thought you were quite proud of your eternal status, or is it getting a bit too difficult now you are getting older? You could always give in; or are you not really the one in control?

Please go away and leave me alone, she thought. She didn't need his insidious remarks tonight; in fact she never wanted to hear from him again.
As she sat there, trying to decide what to do, Dylan, her silver tabby walked into the kitchen and wrapped himself around her ankles.
'Hello boy, where have you been?' She hadn't heard the cat flap so maybe he had been asleep on her bed. He nuzzled her hand and stared up at her, as if he really was worried about her. She loved him dearly but other things were on her mind just then. I am okay really, go back to sleep.'
She was probably right, this was nothing new. She had been having these 'turns' for a while now and they always stopped before. The perils of old age, she thought, but as she sat there, she began to realise this time something was wrong. She was sweating and sleepy, but a strange thing was happening to the indigestion. Instead of the annoying pain of heartburn, it was turning into a clamping grip of iron that threatened to get even worse. It was time; it seemed, to call an ambulance. 

~~~

What happened next was a bit like trying to watch a film through a heavy net curtain. There seemed to be far too many people in her flat, but no one appeared to be talking to her or each other. Foul tasting pills were pushed into her mouth and she wanted a drink of water but couldn't seem to get anyone's attention. Then something wrapped around her arm and she was dimly aware of someone looking at her. 
Something warm and fluffy gently pushed against her hand and she realised it was Dylan, back to check on her again. He was an intelligent animal and always seemed to know when she needed to fuss him. What would happen to him if she werent around?
Then she was pulled to her feet, what was happening now? Where were they taking her? Two men in bright Day-Glo jackets led her outside to a waiting ambulance. She didn't understand how she was walking; she wasn't in control of her legs. How was she moving? What was happening to her? Worry about finishing her latest artwork tried to take shape in her head, but she couldn't seem to make herself care about anything. She was glad she had cleaned the paint from her fingers earlier and that was all that seemed to matter right then.

~~~

Once inside the ambulance, more pieces of equipment were attached to her and machinery hummed and bleeped. One of the men was talking, and it all sounded far away and very technical. Then the ambulance started up and the ride to the hospital was a nightmare. There didn't seem to be enough room to swing a cat what with all the equipment, and the ambulance man was not exactly skinny. He seemed to be putting his hands all over her to keep his balance. The driver must be a maniac.

When she arrived at the hospital, she expected to see the emergency department, but she was taken to what appeared to be a state of the art operating theatre. She didn't know it at the time but this was where they usually took people who were actually having a heart attack. This was technology at its finest but she was in no state to appreciate any of it. By this time she was pumped so full of morphine she literally didn't care if it snowed. Nurses removed her clothing and tried to reassure her, but she didn't care what they did. They asked if there was anyone she wanted them to call, but she shook her head. There was her brother Danny, or maybe her agent and friend Samantha Cameron but she didn't want either of them there, so she said no, there was no one. That suddenly seemed so incredibly sad she felt like crying. 
The pain in her chest was bad, but for some peculiar reason it wasn't bothering her much. Whatever the doctor was doing was nothing worse than someone holding her arm tightly. She looked in his direction but all she could see of him were his dark eyes, concentrating hard on something on front of him. They seemed to be kind eyes, if a little young. She wondered if he was tired. It was late after all, she heard the nurses talking about being woken up to come and help her. 
All of the equipment she could see seemed to be wrapped in plastic bags and it suddenly struck her as funny they hadn't unwrapped everything when they bought them. No, that wasn't right, was it?
 Something was happening to her arm, he was squeezing it harder than before and then he said something about feeling something cold. Was he talking to her?
Then she felt it, a weird coldness was slowly creeping up her arm and into her chest. What was he doing? She was so tired and desperately wanted to fall asleep but it wasn't happening.
A strong waft of a familiar fragrance drifted over her as she lay there, and she struggled to open her eyes, expecting to see a nurse close by, but no one was close enough so where had it come from?
For some inexplicable reason, the scent of flowers made her think of her mother. She died when Kate was sixteen and because of her miserable childhood, made infinitely more miserable by her mother, she should have hated her. All the time she was growing up, Kate really thought she did.
Now, all Kate felt was sadness for the woman who clearly hadn't been happy either, never managing to find anything to make her life worthwhile.
Even after all this time, Kate still missed not having a proper mother.  She never had a dad either, but he died during the war so he had the ultimate excuse. Try as she might, Kate could never come up with a decent excuse for her mothers behaviour. She had always been achingly absent whenever Kate needed someone to comfort her and it would have been nice to have someone to rely on, no matter what.

A long time seemed to pass, with all the people in the room busy doing something and calling out to each other, but she couldn't quite figure out what they were saying. It was as though she was seeing things with the wrong glasses on. Everything was blurred and out of focus. Then she was being moved again, the trolley she was lying on being pushed down seemingly endless corridors ending up in a dimly lit room, being made comfortable by an attractive, dark haired nurse dressed in what looked like blue pyjamas. There seemed to be many plastic stickers with wires attached all over Kate's chest and there was something tight and painful clamped to her wrist. Apart from this, she felt much better. The pain had stopped, so that was something.
The nurse, whose name was Pauline, brought her a cup of tea and nothing ever tasted so good. Suddenly she knew she was going to be all right, she was not going to die after all, and might finally be able to go to sleep, even with the machine bleeping gently by the bed...



Two 

Hospitals were quite different places at night Jack thought, as he searched through storerooms and cupboards for something to wear that would identify him as someone with a right to be there. Even though no one seemed to notice him, he did not want any awkward questions. 
He found a crumpled white coat, which almost fit him and started his systematic search for the woman they brought here earlier. She was supposed to have died, but from the pace the ambulance staff displayed, it was obvious they were not going to let her go without a fight.
He knew all about fighting. He fought to keep her too, for all the good it did him. She was never happy with their relationship, always hoping it would turn out right in the end, refusing to believe she had made yet another mistake.
Knowing she thought of him in that way made him more determined than ever to find better ways to hurt her.
He promised that life with him would be different, but never explained quite how different it would be. In the beginning, she had not questioned the way he treated her, but she made tentative, careful remarks about him being a bully every time his rough games left bruises on her skin.
The child, David, was more of a problem. More of a problem than he realised at the time and he found himself trying hard not to hurt him too much as this tended to make Kate angry. Instead, he began to slip sedatives into the beaker of juice Kate insisted the child needed to have to hand at all times. Eventually the child stopped whining; becoming quiet and withdrawn, even from his mother. 

A nurse and an orderly pushing a hospital trolley along the corridor in front of him interrupted his thoughts. Someone was lying on the trolley with a sheet draped over them, was this her? Had she died? Then he noticed the foot peeping out from under the sheet. It was old and gnarled, definitely not belonging to Kate.
Conveniently, it was the hospitals policy to put patient's names on the door of their respective rooms, so he managed to find Kate quite quickly. As he peered through the small window in the door, he was keenly aware of all the possibilities that presented themselves. It was the middle of the night in an almost deserted hospital and he couldn't believe his luck.

The room was dark, barely illuminated by a small lamp shining dimly on the bed. His pulse increased and his breathing became rapid as his eyes became used to the gloom and he found what he was looking for.
There was no one else in the room, so he quietly opened the door and walked to the foot of the bed, his eyes devouring every detail. She was asleep and hopefully would not awake and see him there. The machine was bleeping gently, the display changing slightly as he watched. 
He was mesmerised by the image in front of him. She looked the picture of health, and unexpectedly beautiful.  Her wild, untameable hair framed her face with lazy curls; and of all the times he looked at her, this image would stay with him forever. He expected to find her broken and beaten; looking every one of her fifty-nine years but was gravely disappointed. 
He could not believe that just a few hours ago she was grey and deathly still, slowly dying, with people busily trying to save her life. Never the fittest person in the world, she smoked, was overweight and hardly ever exercised properly, how had she survived? 
She was wearing a pastel coloured hospital gown, which seemed far too big. Thin plastic wires snaked from beneath the gown and made their way to the machine that was beside the bed, the display of shining numbers recording the state of her health.
He stared down at her face, peacefully unlined as sleep relaxed her muscles. The face he once adored to the point of insanity and madness. They had been so good together, more than good, it had been amazing and he never understood how she came to walk away from him, leaving him inconsolable.
He could not stop staring at her face, the face he would once have willingly died for, before his adoration turned him into a hateful monster that was capable of anything.
He wanted to touch her, needed to touch her but knew what would happen if she awoke and saw him.

The familiar heat started to rise in his chest, making its way slowly up his neck until his face almost glowed scarlet in the gloom. His fists clenched and he raised them, looking at his fingers turning white with the pressure.
'Why did you have to leave me Kate, hmm?' he said quietly, knowing as he said it that even now he had no idea what he really wanted to do if he was honest. Most of the time he wanted her dead and constant scenarios played in his head of how and when it could happen. If the power of thought could do anything at all, she should be dead, not lying peacefully in a hospital bed looking even more beautiful than he remembered.
His eyes were drawn to her arms lying on the sheet, tubes and wires attached at several points. A large clamp-like device on her right wrist appeared to be leaking, the red stain spreading out on the sheet, growing larger by the minute. That didn't look good, he thought. If it was trying to control an artery, it wasn't working. He knew you could bleed to death in a matter of minutes from an arterial bleed and he studied the growth of the stain with interest. It was getting bigger, much bigger and he felt a weird kind of excitement beginning to build. Maybe he could loosen it a bit more somehow, and started to look for a way to make this happen. Just as he thought he discovered a way, he heard a noise in the corridor outside. Someone was coming.

Outside, in the cold air he felt deflated. A few more minutes were all he needed. It was now becoming more than annoying to be denied so many times. Was it time to stop playing around and do something about Kate once and for all?



Three

Kate awoke on Saturday morning and found herself in the hospital, practically chained to the bed by a mass of wires. She had the feeling she had come closer than ever to actually dying, but was unimpressed to find herself still breathing. 
She hadn't slept well, despite all the morphine. Hospitals were noisy places and on top of everything else, she could swear she saw her brother Danny's face last night and that fact alone kept her awake, or was it her imagination?
She needed to go to the bathroom but the machine bleeped alarmingly every time she moved making her feel like a prisoner. At least the uncomfortably tight clamp-like contraption that was supposed to stop the bleeding from the artery was gone from her wrist.  Pauline, the night nurse had gradually loosened it during the night at thirty-minute intervals.
Now if Kate could just get rid of all the other wires she could go home.  She didn't look or feel any different at all and she wondered why she thought she might, after all she had been here before. Waking up when she shouldn't have, continuing to breathe against the odds. Defeating nature seemed to be one of the things she did best, or was this just some melodramatic notion planted in her head by the annoying voice, or was it from all those spooky films she loved to watch?
She was beginning to think it was some kind of conspiracy and it really wasn't funny anymore.
In her youth, the idea she might be somehow invincible was a little exciting, a kind of payback for all the misery.

All her life, something tried to kill all of her hopes of happiness, replacing them with the awful knowledge that nothing would ever change - except to get worse. Little by little, it left her an empty shell and now she was getting older by the minute and feeble with it, she knew she would welcome death with open arms.  Something this voice didn't seem to grasp.
She never connected the voice to any of this until recently, when she began to realise that whatever was talking to her seemed to know an awful lot about her, almost as if it was part of it.
Just how long had it been tormenting her? How many more times would she almost die before it left her alone, because what kept happening to her was not of her doing, at least she didnt think it was.

Do you really think I have anything to do with how your life has turned out, Kate? Next, you will be accusing me of reading your mind

She refused to comment, deciding to ignore him although it never made any difference in the past.
The hospital room had its own private bathroom, something Kate really appreciated as she was in no hurry to socialise with anyone.  She would have loved a shower, but there was nothing she could use on the shelves. She made do with finger combing her hair and splashing her face with water. She was forced to dress in yesterday's dirty clothes, so one way or another couldn't wait to get home.
Studying her wet face in the mirror, she didn't look any different at all; last nights ordeal left no trace. She looked tired, but that was how she always looked these days.
Kate had been called attractive in the past, but there hadn't been many suitors beating a path to her door. She had never loved anyone, but came close once. The image of a young man materialised in her mind and she smiled, unable to help herself.

His name was Michael and he was special. She often wondered how he was now, if he was happy. Kate was seventeen and on her own when they met. Her mother died the year before and she was working as a part-time usherette in the local cinema to make ends meet. Michael was the trainee projectionist.
He had come down to the foyer to speak to the manager about a problem in the projectionist's booth. Kate couldn't hear what the problem was, but he smiled at her over the manager's shoulder and in that moment she was smitten.
He looked like a Greek God and he had smiled at her!

His problem reported, Michael followed Kate into the storeroom where she was filling the tray with ice-cream tubs and lollies, ready for the intermission. He leaned against the doorframe, watching her. 'What's your name then?' he asked, a smile lifting the corners of his mouth.
'Kate.' The word came out of nowhere as she realised she could speak after all. Who knew?
He offered to walk her home after work and their relationship was born. He was the perfect gentleman, kind and considerate and once carried her in his arms over the mud when they were out walking. He was everything Kate ever wanted.
It was the classic love story. He was gorgeous to look at, tall with dark curly hair and incredibly blue eyes. For the first time in her life, Kate was so happy, but within a few short weeks, she was pregnant.
Kate couldn't believe it, how could it have happened? They were so careful. 
She seemed to know instinctively that the baby would ruin everything and tried to avoid telling him. He could tell something was wrong and put two and two together.
'Is the baby mine?' he said, suddenly interested in something outside the window. And in that moment Kate's world collapsed completely.

She found out later his father had been sowing the seeds of suspicion right from the start. That she was 'unsuitable', working in a cinema. How many men had she already slept with... and where were her parents? What sort of person was she?
She didn't understand his attitude towards her at all. She knew that father and son didn't really get on and despite Michael's warnings about his father being a stubborn old goat, he seemed a pleasant enough middle-aged man with his greying hair and faded blue eyes. He appeared to like her when they met and liked her doing things for him too. Why had it all gone so horribly wrong?

When Michael walked out of her life, Kate was devastated. What was she supposed to do? Despite her upbringing, or maybe because of it, Kate knew nothing about the world she lived in, apart from the sure and certain knowledge it really wasn't a pleasant place to live in. She had no idea what a young, penniless and pregnant girl should do, and there wasn't really anyone she could ask.
She tried to remember how her mother coped, but all she could recall was that food seemed to appear as if by magic. She knew her mother never paid the rent, simply looked for another room every time they were evicted.
Some man or other always seemed to be involved with her mother's activities, was that how Kate was supposed to manage? 
She needed time to get over the brutal pain of Michaels's rejection; time to figure out what to do and where she could go. But time was not an option. A life was growing inside her, a life that would need her full attention in no time at all.

~~~

The young doctor who battled to save her life knocked on the open door; pushing all her memories back into their box and bringing Kate into the present. He seemed pleased to see her.  Did that mean he hadn't expected to?
He shook her hand and said if she took the medication regularly and stopped smoking she would probably live considerably longer.
Longer than what, she thought, suddenly amazed she wasnt desperate for a cigarette yet. She hadn't given them a thought, what was that all about?
She vaguely remembered promising to stop when in her morphine delirium last night. After all the work they put in on her behalf, it seemed only fair.  She thanked him, and gathered all the pills from the ward sister and found herself walking towards her brother who was waiting for her just outside the ward doors. So he was here last night. How did he know?
She hadn't seen him in ages and didn't really want to see him now. He seemed a lot older than she remembered, his face beginning to look creased and grey hair was appearing at his temples. He also looked a bit rumpled as if he spent the night in a chair. Again, she wondered what he was doing there as he didn't usually care whether she lived or died, and she had enough proof of that.

Must you be so mean to him, Kate? He is your brother after all

As they walked down the corridor leading to the main doors of the hospital, two nurses pushing a trolley rushed past them. Kate tried not to look at the person lying under the sheet, but it was too late. She saw the grey face of an old man who seemed already dead, reminding her of just where she was. A shiver ran down her spine and she started to walk faster, desperate to get out of there. 
Her brother took her arm as they walked down the entrance steps. 'You look great; bit of a false alarm was it?'
She looked at him and shrugged, unwilling to share what happened to her, wondering how quickly she could get rid of him. 'Why are you here Danny?'
He had the gall to look offended. 'Your neighbour called me, the nosy one who always stinks of mothballs...'
She didn't believe it for a second, but it was good to be out in the fresh air after the stuffy sterile atmosphere of the hospital. The day looked promising, weak sunshine was struggling to make itself known, but it was better than no sunshine at all.
As she followed Danny to his car, an ambulance sped past, its siren blaring a warning that some other poor soul needed to get to the hospital in a hurry. She wondered if they used the siren for her last night, but she couldn't remember. 
The old green Vauxhall was parked haphazardly and looked exactly how she expected it would. Bashed about, rusty and badly dented. A bit like herself, she thought, trying not to smile. 
She didn't really want to get inside, for she could see hed been using it as a dustbin amongst other things. He was probably sleeping in it too if his circumstances had not improved in the years since she saw him last. He certainly smelled as though a change of clothes and a shower would be a good idea. His dark hair was filthy and he needed a shave, not too far removed from looking like a tramp.
She glanced around the car park, hoping to see a departing taxi. She didn't care about hurting his feelings for he never considered hers. What was it about men?
Was it in their DNA that they not be aware of female emotions? Or was it they just didn't care?
No taxi was forthcoming, so it looked as though she would have to accept a lift home, but right then she would prefer to stick pins in her eyes.
'Come on sis, get in,' he said, opening the door, letting an obnoxiously stale odour drift past her nostrils. 
'My God Danny, do I have to? It stinks in there!'
'Suit yourself, but it's a long walk.'
He looked at her, hoping the little boy lost look would work on her once again.
Kate was not impressed and avoided looking into his eyes. He wasn't her baby brother anymore; did he really think his charm would work on her after all this time?
It was a long time since hed been anywhere near charming. Now he was just a middle-aged old man with disgusting habits. The thought of being anywhere near him was making her feel slightly sick and a small sliver of shame crept in uninvited. Should you really feel this way about your own brother?
She needed him to go away, and at that precise moment she realised for the first time since her promise to quit, she desperately wanted a cigarette. Oh to hell with him, she thought. And on the spur of the moment she decided she would walk to the high street and find a taxi, despite the fact she could hardly put one foot in front of the other. She must be weaker than she realised and felt drained, all her old energy missing.  But she would find a cab if it killed her.
Kate started to walk away, trying not to laugh at the expression on his face.
'Don't be like that Kate; you must let me take you home.'
He did looked upset by her rejection, but she didn't care. She would do things her way or no way and that was that.
She was also going to find out exactly how he found her, for she knew for sure her neighbour had not told him.



Four

Danny watched his sister walk defiantly away. She was carrying some extra weight but still agile even at her age. Didn't look as if she was nearly sixty years old, and by rights she should have done. With all the crap she stuffed into her life, she was lucky to be breathing.
He hadn't expected her to make it through the night, and the feeling the hospital hadn't either. They said some of her arteries were completely blocked and the surgeon had to work hard to restore the circulation to her heart.
And here she was, striding down the road, looking for a taxi. Maybe they were wrong, or were talking about someone else, but he shouldn't really be surprised, after all, that was Kate all over. Nothing fazed her for long and was just as well. Some of what life had thrown at her would have a lesser mortal reaching for the razor blades.
He stood there, watching her get smaller and smaller as she left the car park, wondering if she really was all right. With Kate, it was hard to tell, one way or the other. She wouldn't tell him that's for sure.
He tried to remember the last medical incident. Was it the gallstones or the hysterectomy? Neither were life threatening and she sailed through with hardly a backward glance.
Danny wasn't there of course, he kept a low profile when she was married to Jack, but he had his own way of keeping an eye on his sister.
He remembered the time she was rushed to the hospital when they were kids. She must have been about eleven years old. Kate nearly died that day as her appendix ruptured; it was touch and go there for a while. He also remembered how much he hated Matron for dragging Kate out of her bed that morning, thinking she just didn't want to go to school.
He played up for weeks afterwards, trying to get some kind of childish revenge on the stupid woman, and ended up being thrashed with a coat hanger for his trouble. Something that made Kate even angrier with him, for some inexplicable reason. He often wondered if Kate ever really loved him. She always said she never loved anyone. She certainly didn't now and barely bothered to hide it.

As he slid behind the wheel of his car, he saw the state of it through Kates eyes. Christ, he was such a slob. He looked up in frustration and saw his reflection in the rear view mirror. Bloody hell, he even looked like a slob. Maybe if he cleaned up his car (and maybe his life too) he would stand a better chance with Kate. But it was a big maybe as there was so much about his life that didn't bear close inspection.
He sometimes thought Kate must be a sociopath, someone who couldn't stand people for she was never close to anyone. There were relationships in the past but none of them worked or lasted. There was her agent Samantha, and he would dearly love to know that story.
He tried over the years to forget the time when he was supposed to have hurt Kate when they were kids, but even now, he couldn't understand or remember what happened. It was as if something had stolen all memory of that day. Did she remember? Was that why she didn't like him? He did wonder if she just didn't like him as a person, but weren't you supposed to love your brother, warts and all?
Danny often wondered why he couldn't remember what happened, was it that bad? Hed never been able to get Kate to tell him either so he always imagined it must have been dreadful. He felt guilty about something so there must be a reason.
He leant his head back against the headrest and closed his eyes, memories of when they were kids flooding back, like the incoming tide on a sandy beach. There were some good times, but those memories faded quickly along with the rest of their childhood.
It was a shame that other things didn't, he thought sadly as he fought to stop himself drowning in the flood of recent pain and heartbreak. Why couldn't he make himself forget it all?
But the drug ravaged face of the only other person he ever loved was never far away in his mind, haunting him and driving him insane with unspoken questions. Questions he tried hard to answer since that awful time when he lost both Angela his wife and their baby son, but he never quite managed to come up with anything even approaching a good enough reason.
He thought he must be to blame, something he should have done differently maybe? More like something he hadn't, if the truth be known, that was usually the way of things. He had a complete catalogue of situations where he could either have salvaged something or simply avoided it if he thought to do something at the time.

He opened his eyes in a vain attempt to stop the images that were cramming themselves into his brain and making him giddy, but Angela's face refused to move. Her face captured his soul that first day, a face both beautiful and incredibly sad, a face that pleaded with you to love her and save her from herself.
In seconds the desire to rescue her from whatever bothered her outweighing caution of any kind. Angela was a slightly chubby, bubbly girl with a wild mane of multi-coloured hair and incredible eyes and being with her was like having a party every day. Even though the signs were there, desperately waving red flags at him, he chose to take no notice, confident he could carry her through anything even though he was far too busy trying to keep up with her.
The first time he found her collapsed on the floor of his bathroom, he should have realised she wasn't just drunk. But one look at her mascara streaked face and haunted eyes, all he wanted to do was take care of her and keep her safe. It never occurred to him until it was much too late she might have needed serious medical help.
So until the day when it was too late, he dedicated himself to taking care of her, oblivious of the harm he was helping to hide and most of the time they were happy. He managed to keep his 'angel' as he called her, on the straight and narrow for long periods and didn't condemn or accuse whenever she slipped from his care. He never knew why she needed the drugs or where she found them, despite following her everywhere.
For long periods, he completely forgot about his sister and this was probably a good thing, although he simply swapped one obsession for another. It didn't matter, he found the one thing he always wanted, someone who really needed him and wasn't afraid to show it and for that alone, he would have forgiven her anything.

He smiled as he switched on the ignition, remembering how much he loved her. Even though it ended badly he never blamed her, not for a minute.

As he drove out of the car park, he tried again to think of a way he could establish a better relationship with Kate, but knew he was wasting his time. She was the most stubborn person he ever met and today only served to remind him of that fact.
He would keep an eye on her from a distance, as he always did, just in case she should ever need him. He could hope, couldn't he?



Five

On her way home in the taxi, Kate racked her brains to come up with a reason for Danny's appearance. She hadn't seen or thought of him for years and hadn't missed him one little bit.
Try as she might, she could not think of a single way he could have known about what happened last night. The thought he might be up to something was making her uncomfortable and more than a little angry. She simply could not have him sneaking into her life again.

She hadnt thought to take anything with her when they carted her off last night, so she knocked on her neighbour, Mrs Goldman's door for her spare set of keys.
Janet was a small woman, wrinkled and ancient, almost embalmed, but most days she seemed to be a lot fitter than Kate was. She always wore a lavender body spray Kate knew was her favourite and reminded Kate of the fairy godmother in Disney's Cinderella, tiny, amusing and cuddly, the perfect grandmother. It was a shame she had no grandchildren.
Kate looked around the room; discreetly checking the old woman was indeed managing and needed no help. She usually declined all help, especially from the Welfare. She always said the day she needed help was the day they could slide her into a coffin.
Bright as a button, she seemed to sense good people from bad and instinctively knew in which category Danny belonged. One of the reasons Kate knew she wouldn't have told Danny anything about her.
'Hello Janet, how are you today?'
'Oh, I'm fine. How are you would be more to the point. What did they say the problem was? You didn't look too good when they took you off last night.'
Kate smiled at her. 'Oh you know, a lot of fuss about nothing.'

The old woman looked up from the china ornaments she was dusting and frowned. She instantly looked about ten years older. 'You didn't check yourself out, did you? I know what you're like.'
Kate laughed, knowing her reputation had gone before her. 'No, I was a model patient, just wasted their time, is all.'
She could tell Janet didn't believe her, she knew Kate too well. Changing the subject, she asked, 'How has Dylan been? Did he miss me?'
Janet stopped frowning at the mention of the silver tabby. 'I'm sure he didn't even know you'd gone, and you back so soon, no harm done.'
Kate smiled. She was probably right. Dylan fussed her when she was around, but she knew where he went when she wasn't. Sometimes she thought he was fonder of Janet than herself.
'By the way Janet, have you seen or heard from my brother at all?'

Janet turned her head sharply at the mention of his name. She looked intently at Kate, her shrewd blue eyes peering out of all the wrinkles. 'No, I have not. Did someone say I had?'
'Actually he did, he said you called him and said I was in the hospital.'
Kate could see the indignation bristling from every fibre of the old woman's demeanour.
'I'd have a job, wouldn't I? I don't know where he's at, or his number. And,' she said pointedly, 'I wouldn't tell him if I did. You know that Kate.'
'Yes, I know, just checking. He turned up last night at the hospital like the bad penny he always was'.

Why on earth does your brother bother you so much, Kate. Would your world be any better without him, do you think?

She pretended not to have heard him, but for a fleeting moment thought what he suggested might be a good idea at that. She wouldn't miss Danny for a moment and it would be one less waste of space in the world, but common sense reared its ugly head and she knew if anything did happen to her brother, the guilt would probably kill her.
Kate often wondered if she had a screw loose because of the voice in her head. When she was growing up the thought having something that talked to her was amusing, even a little exciting. She even had a name for him back then, and called him the Joker.  These days the novelty had worn off and most of the time she regarded him as a nuisance.
Kate remembered weird coincidences, like people seeming to vanish or even dying when they annoyed her. In her childhood fantasies, she liked to think she had something to do with it; maybe she was psychic or something. But it was all rubbish, wasn't it?
Maybe she really was insane, there must be something wrong with her. She never socialised, never seemed to get on with anybody. None of that was normal, was it?
More to the point, none of it seemed to bother her much either, and that really wasn't normal.
This voice or whatever it was, filled her sleep with nightmare visions of every death it could imagine, and Kate would wake up with horrifying images in her head of being stabbed, burnt and dying in ways she didn't want to think about.

Although these dreams distressed her, she stubbornly refused to believe they were a message of any kind, from the voice or anything else. If she thought anything coherent at all, she supposed they could just be images from a previous life and promptly put them out of her mind.

~~~

The telephone was ringing as Kate approached her front door and she wondered idly who it could be; probably Samantha or possibly a customer. It didn't really matter; she would let the machine pick up. She was in no mood to talk to anyone.
As she opened the front door, the telephone switched off and the place was quiet.
She closed the door behind her and stood leaning on it, drinking in the peace and tranquillity of her own private place. Although it was only rented, she loved living in Guildford, Surrey. It was just far enough away from London to be reasonably quiet. It was quite a small flat, just three rooms and a kitchen and shower, but it suited her and she felt safe within its walls, probably for the first time in her life, even though it was draughty and hard to heat in the winter. 
It had the added advantage of the extra space for Kate to use as a studio, and she could simply close the door and walk away from all her untidy painting clutter, removing the necessity of always having to clear up whenever she was finished for the day.

But do you really feel safe, here in your lovely prison? He will eventually find you, one of these days

What was he talking about now, she wondered. Some of what he said never made any sense and she didnt usually lose any sleep worrying about it. Anyway, she did feel safe there, no matter what he said.

The flat was a dump when she moved in, but she enjoyed making it her own. There wasn't much furniture, but to Kate, the colours she used were more important. The walls were white, the perfect colour to hang her canvases on, but the woodwork was a delicate shade of turquoise, which perfectly complimented the carpets, which were the glorious colour of a tropical sea.
For such a small flat, the windows were quite tall which seemed to increase the sense of space. Kate used sheer white curtains to let as much light in as possible and sanded the floors back to the bare pale wood.
She moved to the living room doorway and her eyes were drawn to the painting hung over the fireplace. It was her favourite and even if she were starving, she would never sell it. A large seascape, it dominated the room with its vision of wild, seething water. Instead of coming across as a hostile image, it was at once uplifting and beautiful. You could almost hear the sound of the wind whipping the waves and sometimes Kate could swear she heard seagulls. 
To Kate, the painting epitomised the raw and powerful beauty of Nature, the only thing ever to make her soul sing.
It was probably an antidote against her feelings for human nature, which had never been kind to her. It was a sad admittance, but in all her life, only one person stood out for being truly kind to her, and she didn't even know his name.

She was quite young, about six or seven years old, and her mother had taken her to Brighton for the day. There was usually an ulterior motive for any trip, probably to do with a man. It had been snowing and the weather was freezing cold and not really the day for a trip to the seaside. Kate didn't remember much about it, just that she was cold. So cold, she was trying hard not to cry with the misery of it. 
She wasn't dressed for the weather at all, just a thin coat, sandals and nylon socks which were soaked through. Her mother dragged her onto a tram and she was sitting there trying desperately not to cry, a punishable offence, when this older man nodded at her mother and proceeded to take off her socks and sandals. What was he doing, she thought, watching through her tears as he wrapped her frozen feet in his big warm hands, mumbling something about her being a poor bedraggled kitten. 
It was such a kind thing to do; she was in danger of having a really good cry but managed to smile her thanks. For the first time in her life, she felt truly cared for by someone who was a stranger, someone who knew nothing about her. It was a beautiful moment in time never to be repeated. Kate didn't remember what happened next, but she never forgot his kindness.



Six

Dylan was sitting on the arm of the couch, and she could swear he had a disapproving look on his face. She sat down beside him and rubbed gently behind his ears. 'Did you miss me, or are we still sulking?'
He shrugged her hand away and jumped gracefully down to the floor, heading for the kitchen. She knew exactly what he was doing, he would go and sit by his food bowl and glare at her. 
Why did she care about him so much, she thought, deciding not to play his game. She had never been sorry she found him one rainy night not long after she moved in, but sometimes he could try the patience of a saint!
She switched the kettle on and checked the post Janet had put on the hall table. A quick glance told her there was nothing important; she could safely bin the lot.
She didn't know why, but she almost convinced herself that Danny might have sent a card or something. But he was not supposed to know where she lived, so how did he know what happened to her?
She could think of no logical answer to that question and tried to put it out of her mind. But the mystery had others ideas. The thought he might come there, to her own private place, filled her with dread.
Thinking back to her childhood with Danny, she remembered how mysterious he liked to be, revelling in pulling the wool over her eyes at every opportunity. Like hiding from her, sometimes for hours on end, only to reappear from the first place you looked.
The oddest occasion was when Matron swore she had seen him in the village, but Kate knew he had not left the house.
Danny loved to play tricks, sometimes quite cruel tricks, carefully orchestrated to make her cry even though she was the older than him by several years.
There was that time he lured her to his favourite hiding place in the woods. He tied her up and terrified her; she really thought he wanted to kill her, but she couldn't recall exactly why.

Knowing all these things about him never helped her to remember exactly what it was made her really dislike him.
She knew all his faults, that he could lie and cheat, be selfish and cruel, not to mention deliberately getting her into trouble, but despite all that, she was sure there must be something else.

The kettle boiled and she made a cup of coffee, determined to stop thinking about Danny. With a bit of luck she would not see him again.
But he wouldn't stay out of her head and she found herself thinking about the time she had that bad influenza when she was just nine years old. It was a nasty virus, killing hundreds of people old and young, but surprisingly she seemed to be the only one in the village to get it. She didn't remember much about it, but Matron constantly moaned about how she sat up with her for three nights, desperately trying to keep her temperature down or she might have died.

Was that when you used up your fourth life, my dear Kate?

Kate groaned. Not that again. And what did he mean; fourth life? Did he think she was some kind of cat?
Her mind travelled back to the boarding school. Why was she the only one to get the flu, what was so special or different about her? The one thing she did seem to remember clearly was Danny coming into her dormitory and whispering to her she should have died, and seemed angry she had not.
She remembered feeling sad, frightened and alone that day, and swore as soon as she grew up her life would be different.
She started to think back, forcing herself to try to count all the times she had nearly died. But her memory was not what it was and she soon gave up. What did any of it matter anyway?

It was a shame your life did not quite work out the way you wanted, but considering you should not have a life in the first place, I think you should be more grateful, but what do I really know about human emotions?  

~~~

Kate was putting her medication in the bathroom cabinet when she suddenly remembered her cigarettes. There was an unopened carton in her bedside cupboard she should throw away. The fact she had no desire for one was surprising and unexpected. She wouldn't push it though, a promise was a promise.
She wanted to quit for a while now, along with the diet she never quite managed to start. Maybe it was the right time to turn over a new leaf, better late than never, or so they say.

Kate opened the cupboard door next to her bed, expecting to see the familiar royal blue carton inside, but it wasn't there.
She stared into the cupboard, fully expecting them to materialise at any minute. When it didn't, she slowly sat down on the bed, trying to remember exactly when she put them there. She brought them on her way back from having lunch with Sam. That was on Thursday and she remembered it clearly, because she almost ran out and wanted to be sure there were enough for the weekend. Today was Saturday, so where were they?
Kate systematically checked every hiding place and came to the obvious conclusion they had gone, but where?
She noticed other things too; things were moved as if someone was looking for something. She became aware of a faint trace of tobacco smoke laced with a flowery scent that seemed to be lingering in every room. Gradually a horribly creepy sensation began to seep into her mind and body. She felt sick; trying desperately to deny the fact someone had been in her flat and taken her stash of cigarettes. But she couldn't deny the fact the cigarettes had gone and somebody had taken them. Someone had touched her things and ruined the perfect peace and tranquillity of her private place, her sanctuary. It would probably never feel the same she thought, sadly.

But who could have done it? 
Her brother's smiling face floated into her mind, chilling her to the bone. As far as she knew, he didn't smoke. Could it have been him?
But how did he get in, nothing was broken, so did he have a key?
She wandered around the flat and looking around her perfect living room, she shivered, realising she always felt safe there, but not anymore. Someone had spoiled everything she worked so hard to achieve, and her first impulse was to run...



Seven

The daylight was beginning to fade, although Jack hadn't noticed. He wasn't aware of anything, locked in his own private world of pain and anger. Not even the pain from his fingers as he chewed them unmercifully in his frustration.
Darkness was gathering in pools all around him as he sat at the kitchen table, Kate's carton of cigarettes in front of him. He wasn't seeing them anymore, her face occupied his mind again and no matter how he tried to distort her image with every ounce of hatred he possessed, he failed miserably as usual.
He had never understood the power she had over him, the way just looking at her made him feel unworthy. Kate was not beautiful in the classic sense, her nose was a little too big, her mouth lopsided, but a light seemed to glow inside her and the more you looked the more you were compelled to.
If he didn't know any better, he would describe the aura that emanated from her as saint like, for he could almost hear the soft chords of a church organ and in her presence he felt touched by something divine.
Anger sparked and flared again as he remembered the day she had vanished, throwing his love away and all he had given her. He reached out and grasped the box in front of him, gripping it so hard his fingers shook and began to bleed. She probably thought she had succeeded, even now.
He relaxed his grip and slowly stroked the packet, spreading a smear of blood and imagining her fingers touching the paper, fingers that should be touching him.
White-hot anger seared through his brain and he ripped the carton open, destroying the contents in a frenzied rage that seemed unending.

Sometime later, when the rage had abated, he stared at the rubbish in front of him. Of all the things to steal from her, he thought, why these? Because he knew she would miss them the most. She always seemed to need a cigarette much more than him and that had always infuriated him and driven him mad.

He ignored his own sarcasm, shaking his head as if to dislodge it, knowing as he did it was true. Had he really been reduced to petty theft?
He had taken other things from her over the years; most went unnoticed to his constant annoyance. It would appear she went about in a dream most of the time, completely unaware of her surroundings.
This was one of the things that attracted him in the beginning. The way she had of removing herself from reality. Almost as a child would, lost in a fairy-tale world of her own making. He discovered quite early in their relationship she didn't like the real world at all and wanted no part of it. Rejecting the pain and torment, the dirt and humiliation all living things had to endure and of which she had had her share. She had found a way to live, which reduced all the hostile friction to a minimum.
But the fact he wasn't included in her state of mind was what started to create his anger. Little by little, he resented her way of generating the calm she obviously needed more than him, until he found himself trying to destroy everything she held dear.
Most of his resentment was directed at Mr Perfect, his nickname for Michael Barratt, the so-called love of her life and father of her son David. She never mentioned it but he knew she still loved him and while that love existed, there was no room for him.

When Jack was trying desperately to find her all those years ago, he visited all the places he could think of, questioning anyone who might have a clue as to her whereabouts. He even tried to talk to Mr Perfects father, John Barratt, something he didnt enjoy for the man seemed hell-bent on keeping the fact he knew her a well-kept secret. It wasnt until later, when his temper had been satisfied he saw the old mans stubbornness for what it really was. He had loved her and was jealously guarding her memory from all comers.
Kate had run away from him too and the old man seemed to blame his son with a barely concealed hatred that matched Jacks own.
At least he wouldnt have to worry about that anymore, he thought; remembering the way the old mans eyes had gradually closed as he squeezed the life out of him. It was almost as though he welcomed death as the end of his suffering.
Did the suffering really end when you died, he wondered? Or did you take it with you into the afterlife? He hoped it was the latter, for in a complicated way he enjoyed the pain. There were just so many ways you could enjoy it.

He would have killed Michael too if he knew where to find him, but the man proved to be more elusive than smoke and he had to content himself for the moment with the knowledge he was no longer in the picture. Wouldn't remove him from her heart, but then, killing him probably wouldn't either.
For some reason all the hatred he felt for Michael Barratt transferred to the child, a pale and pathetically weak child. Constantly clinging to his mother and demanding her attention and the fact he seemed to cry at the slightest touch drove Jack insane. Just looking at him monopolising Kate caused white-hot anger to flow through Jacks body, an anger that had to be quenched.  Using the sedatives helped a lot but he still fantasied about smothering him with a pillow, but she always seemed to be in the way. He had to make do with vicious mental games and rough play, most of which frightened the child witless, forcing him to appear withdrawn and miserable. Eventually the child stopped clinging to his mother, blaming her for not protecting him enough.
It was easy to plant cruel ideas in the child's head and before too long he hated his mother; refusing to let her touch him, causing her the kind of pain he found satisfying. So he decided to postpone killing the child until his usefulness ran out at least.



Eight

When Kate opened her eyes on Sunday morning, she decided to take the day off. No painting, housework or worrying about things she had no control over, like who had been in her flat. That last one might take a bit of work, she thought as she made her way to the kitchen to put the kettle on. A cup of tea would help her decide what she was going to do today.
She was nearly out of milk and noticed there really wasn't much to eat in the fridge. Maybe she should go shopping.
Sipping her tea, she watched the sun streaming in through the window, bathing the room with wide bands of gloriously golden light. She absently watched the dust motes dancing in a shaft of sunlight as though they were alive.
Perhaps she should take her camera and walk to the park. She went there often, as the lake and trees had become a source of inspiration for her artwork, but if the truth were told Kate simply enjoyed feeling like a photographer. Maybe she could pick up something to eat on the way back.

You do like to pretend everything in your little world is normalwhen will you stop hiding from the truth?

She decided not to comment, there was no point in arguing with a stupid voice anyway, was there?

For some reason, the sunlight was evoking old memories of the part of her childhood she spent in Kent. It was one of the few memories that didn't make her brain cringe whenever she thought of them.
After a long run of unsuccessful foster parents, she had ended up at a boarding school in a tiny village called Birchington, somewhere near Margate. She was just ten years old, skinny and withdrawn; but instantly felt at home for probably the first time in her life. Schooling was included for her age group and in the good weather, lessons were conducted out of doors, which were pleasant but did not help her to concentrate in the least.
Kate was the eldest, and soon found herself helping with the younger children. She didn't know it at the time, but an unpaid helper was just what the place desperately needed.
Coming from the disappointments and hardships of her life in London, Kate was in her element. When she turned eleven, she had to attend an all-girl's school. It was close enough to cycle to, and although she had misgivings, Kate found she liked being in the all-female environment.
Little flashes of memory played like a newsreel in her head, and Kate found herself trying to think back to the two occasions when she thought she had nearly died. Were they as dramatic as she thought, or was she simply remembering things as a child would, filtering out the unimportant and focusing on the dramatic?

She remembered that first day of term when she awoke in pain and feeling sick. Matron had tried to drag her from her bed, thinking her a malingerer, but soon called an ambulance when it appeared Kate was not making it up.
Her appendix had ruptured and it was serious, they had to operate in a hurry, and wasn't there a priest there somewhere?
She didn't remember much about the occasion; only what she had been told. But another incident stood out in her mind like a beacon for the truth. It was when she caught one of those foreign influenza's, and she must have been quite ill, for the following Sunday in church the vicar said a blessing for her in front of the whole congregation. So she could only conclude it must have been serious.
She also remembered her mother had not visited her on either occasion.
So that accounted for two lives, had she used up any more?

You really have no idea, do you Kate? What on earth am I going to do with you?

While she was growing up, Kate had tried to convince herself she really did love her mother and sometimes it was hard, despite the fact her mother demonstrated repeatedly she could not possibly love her daughter, not in the way that mattered anyway.
When she was a small child, it had been easy to explain away her mother's behaviour. All those times she had been sent away, or dumped on the mercy of strangers had seemed quite natural to Kate, as if it was something all parents did. Even now, she wondered why she thought it was all perfectly normal, but then she had nothing to compare it to, did she? Many of the kids at school were in the same boat, or worse. Then there was what they called 'denial' these days.
Would knowing and accepting the truth really have been worse than what she had to put up with?
Kate had found it was necessary to be a ghost, an invisible ghost. Even as a young child she learned to act a role and keep her true self hidden, for she already knew and hated who she was supposed to become and constantly strived to avoid it.
The years she spent at school were the worst. The other children sensed there was something wrong with her and instead of avoiding her, drove her mad with their constant tormenting. She desperately wanted to be a grown up, free to follow her own instincts, but she knew deep down nothing would make any difference, not then and not ever.
She considered suicide, desperate to leave a world she didn't seem to belong in, never once considering there was nothing wrong with the world, it was she who didn't fit.
As she grew older, her soul seemed to shrivel up and die and she became like a caged animal, eating and sleeping, doing only what was necessary. She loved no one, cared for nothing and knew she was different, an alien in an unforgiving world.

Kate always wanted to be part of a family; it seemed to be the perfect way of life. She would spend hours as a child out in the cold and dark, combing the streets of London or wherever she happened to be, looking in countless windows, searching for a family who might take her in. She was fascinated by everything she saw, the peaceful and normal life everywhere she looked. Sometimes people noticed her but when they didn't she would knock on the door and simply stand there, trying her best to look lonely and appealing. She didn't have to try too hard; she must have looked as desperate as she felt.
People always treated her kindly and made her welcome, but still called the police to take her away. No one had ever wanted to keep her.

Most of what her mother subjected her to was sad, some of it neglect and some simply child abuse. Would a mother get away with leaving a small child outside a public house at night for hours on end these days?
Or the times when she vanished for days at a time, leaving Kate to fend for herself and take herself to school?
One such occasion resulted in Kate presenting herself at the local police station. She was about eight years old and had been on her own in the grotty bedsit with precious little food or money for the best part of five days, and for once she was sick of it.
Kate knew her mother would have a blue fit and she would be sorrier than ever to have involved the police, but she knew something had to be done. What if she never came back, she thought. That idea didn't seem to bother her as much as it should have done, as long as someone fed her now and again.
The police were kind, but distant. They didn't really know what to do with her and it showed. She didn't remember much about what happened, just that they managed to find her mother and she was madder than a wet hen.
Kate was quite used to her mother's anger as a rule, but on that occasion, she was scared she might actually kill her.

Actually, she wanted to, my dear Kate. It was all I could do to stop her, so that did not count as a life saved.



She ignored him, choosing the memory of her mother over his stupid remarks. After all, her mother was dead and couldn't hurt her anymore. She couldn't say the same about the voice for she was convinced he did mean her harm. How exactly it could manage that was a mystery, one she didn't really want to solve.

 The worst times in her childhood were when she was left with strangers because her mother didn't want her around. The best of them simply ignored her, but the worst of them considered her their new sexual plaything. When this started to happen more often, especially as Kate grew older, she knew she had to leave and make her own way in the world.

She was barely fourteen when she found a shabby little bedsit and for the first time in her life was officially on her own. She worked in a local greengrocers shop, living on chips and discarded fruit, as she started to make plans for her future.

~~~

The first few years were tough, but Kate didn't care. She was making her own decisions, and if she made mistakes along the way, so what? The fact they were her own mistakes seemed to make all the difference in the world.
She had numerous jobs as she tried to find something to do she really enjoyed. From the greengrocers she tried Woolworths, then Sainsbury's. Office work was next but it bored her rigid. 
Then she found a small and friendly tailoring firm where she learned how to cut patterns, use a sewing machine and create designer outfits that cost a small fortune. It was an interesting and different kind of job and she loved every minute of her time there. This was where she made her first real friend, a girl of the same age called Eileen Jenkins.  
Through Eileen, Kate was introduced to a different kind of family. They were incredibly poor, living hand to mouth, but seemed to be happy with their lot. They were forced to live on benefits because Mr Jenkins wasn't well enough to work. Their house was a mess and the younger children were always grubby, but there was so much love between them you didn't notice the broken furniture and shabby surroundings. 
Mrs Jenkins always insisted on feeding Kate, something that made her feel guilty, but even though the place was shabby, all the children looked well fed and healthy. Unfortunately, this friendship was not destined to last long for Eileen was looking for a rich husband; something Kate didn't really want to be involved with.  But despite all her best intentions she was introduced to Jack Holland on the day of Eileen's wedding. He had a good job, something to do with the property market and he seemed nice enough, but she kept her distance as he was an old flame of Eileen's, discarded when his prospects seemed inadequate.
The tailoring job was the first one to cater to her artistic side, but still didn't quite satisfy the need in her to create something really special of her own.  None of the jobs had paid much and even though the rent on her bedsit was cheap, she usually found herself with nothing to eat long before the end of the week.
She found out quite by chance the local cinema needed an usherette, so for the first time was earning enough to live on.

Kate smiled as she remembered that time of self-discovery; she had experimented with many things and most had proved to be a disappointment. She didn't make friends easily and most of the people she met seemed to instinctively know this and didn't try too hard to be her friend. She met many men in her search for the right one, but only succeeded in finding many wrong ones, as they all seemed to want just one thing from her. And after trying that too and being thoroughly disgusted, she gave up looking. 

All her life, something had always been wrong, wrong place, wrong person. Something was always wrong, not even close to being acceptable. Some people called depression the 'black dog' and sometimes it did seem as though she had a pack of them following her around, sniffing at her heels. Almost as if she wasn't meant to be happy and God knows she had tried.
Sometimes she would get close, managing to achieve a sense of calm, almost contentment, especially when she was doing something that called for total concentration like her painting.



Nine

Kate set out to walk to the park and was no sooner there when she regretted her decision. She had forgotten it was Sunday; the one day she usually avoided going to the park. It was a lovely day, but there seemed to be young couples everywhere, all holding hands or gazing into each others eyes. Not exactly what she needed; more reminders she had no one special in her life. She tried to shut her mind down, trying desperately not to think of Michael. 
After all these years, why was he still capable of affecting her? She had thought him so perfect and they had been happy, or so she thought. He had probably regretted it, he was always making rash decisions only to backtrack later when he realised what he had done.
But there was no backtracking for her, although she sensed at the time he wanted to. There was some elusive memory, which refused to come out of hiding. It was far too late, even if she could remember. What was gone was lost forever. It was too sad for words, but why did it still hurt so much?
Kate clearly remembered the day he had walked out of her life all those years ago, leaving her scared and pregnant. She hadn't known what she was supposed to do. The morning sickness was bad and she had no idea if it was normal or not. How was she supposed to cope?
But cope she did, and if anything had happened after he left had not damaged her image of him, she supposed nothing ever would.
It was her fairy tale, and they never come true, do they?

Not for you, my dear Kate. A fairy-tale princess you are most definitely not and I would not have it any other way, believe me.

What did he mean by that, she wondered, refusing to respond to his voice. Why was he always trying to annoy her?

She was still in the habit of visiting Michael's dad, doing his ironing and keeping him company for a while. She should have hated him for poisoning his son against her, but she just couldn't. He probably didn't have to try too hard; she had always known Michael was a little too good to be true. Besides, John was a lonely old man and had been on his own for a long time after his wife died of cancer.
Despite being pleased Michael was having nothing to do with her, he didn't object to having his housework and ironing done. And Kate had nothing better to do, did she?
Little did Kate know John had an ulterior motive right from the beginning. He had fallen for her hook line and sinker and wanted her to fill his lonely world. (And continue to do his ironing, of course).  She was happy to oblige, for it gave her something to do to take her mind away from her problems. The thought she might be able to move in was more than appealing, for her present landlord was making pointed remarks about her increasing waistline. Awkward questions were being asked at work too and Kate was fed up with all of it. She felt so sick all of the time, surely that was not normal?

When John made his declaration of love, Kate gritted her teeth and reminded him about the baby, fully expecting it to be the end of the matter. After all, what was he thinking?
You could have knocked her down with a feather when he said he already knew.
'I suppose Michael told you?'
'Of course he did. He doesn't think it's his, is it?'
She nodded. 'And you still want me?' Hoping he would say no, as she didn't really want to live in the same house with the one person who had ruined the only good thing in her life, but it was beginning to look as though she had no other choice. It was as if the fates were making the decision for her.

Not the fates, Kate. This mistake was all yours. Whatever made you think it was a good idea?

Kate had moved into the spare room and became John's unpaid housekeeper. She cooked (after a fashion) scrubbed everything clean and tried to make herself useful, the voice telling her all the time it was wrong. But for once she didn't need to be told.
John's house was shabby and a bit run down but it could have been worse. After all, he had been on his own for a long time and had brought Michael up single-handed. Kate was literally the first female to have lived there in nearly twenty years. She moved out of her bedsit and quit her job. Her boss was sorry to lose her, but said she understood, her round-eyed expression and pointed glances at Kate's bump speaking reams. She made Kate promise to keep in touch, and Kate thought it was a sweet thing to say even if she didn't really mean it.
Despite feeling uncomfortable with the situation, Kate found herself having a certain amount of fun keeping house for the first time in her life. She started to adventure into the world of DIY, and painted the small box room a pretty shade  of blue.
She cleaned some of the carpets and removed the one in the box room, replacing it with a cheerful yellow lino, creating what she thought was a suitable nursery.
Spurred on by her efforts, she decided to lay turquoise lino tiles in the kitchen and was surprised at how messy the adhesive was, but persevered and the result really was worth it.
Her cooking didn't improve much, but it didn't matter, as John smothered everything she put in front of him in masses of brown sauce.

John was the milk supervisor at the local dairy and the fact he had all their food delivered with the milk didn't really surprise Kate, after all, what did she know?  She didn't realise what he was doing in the beginning, but he was effectively trying to stop her going out. Obviously didn't want her finding anything or anybody better.
The voice in her head warned her repeatedly, but what else did it think she should do? She needed help and no one else had offered. It did seem like the only game in town.

As she grew bigger and the arrival of the baby was imminent, she was grateful just to be somewhere safe and warm, as the winter had turned out to be bad with freezing fog and ice and snow. Despite all John's precautions and conniving's to keep her indoors, Kate went for a walk most days, needing to be out in the open air, even if it was freezing. She was still desperately trying to make some sort of sense of her life, still hoping for a miracle to save her from the boredom of living with John.  It wasn't ideal, but then her life never had been, so there was no reason to suppose it would change now.

~~~

On a bitterly cold February day, the baby decided to make his way into the world. Kate was awake and uncomfortable most of the night, but it never dawned on her it might be something else.
When the penny did drop, there was no one to help her. John was at work and they had no telephone, so she put what she thought she needed into a carrier bag and walked up to the High Street, trying hard not to panic and barely succeeding.
It was still early and the only shop open was the newsagents. She managed to convince the owner to call an ambulance, and eventually found herself in the local hospital in an ugly grey painted room, alone, with the pain in her stomach beginning escalate into a real problem.
As the time slipped away and the pain increased to an unbelievable level, she desperately wanted to change her mind and would have done anything to make it all go away. Why couldn't she do that?
Realising it was not an option, Kate felt more alone than she had ever done before. A cheerfully large bustling nurse seemed to choose the precise moment she wanted to scream the place down in her frustration to check up on her.
The hours dragged by, or so it seemed. She had never thought much about childbirth, and now she regretted not having even the basic information on the subject. Was it supposed to last this long? Or be so painful?
She had no idea if anything could be wrong. The only nurse she had seen so far seemed to think it would all happen without her assistance. Maybe she could tell just by looking at Kate that all was well, or maybe she didn't care one way or the other. Why on earth had she allowed this to happen, didn't she have more sense?
It was the last thing she wanted. Her life was a bad enough mess without throwing a baby into the mix. She had taken enough Quinine to kill a horse, some foul black liquid and the sure-fire pills everyone swore by, but nothing had worked. A bottle of gin and a hot bath hadn't worked either. It was obvious she was doomed, but Kate had never understood why. Had she done something so bad it warranted this much punishment?

Only you know the answer to that question, but I have a feeling there will be a lot more to come

Kate was so tired of his remarks and wished he would take the hint and shut up.

~~~

As the pain rolled on and on, Kate just wanted to die. But she knew no one was going to rescue her, they never had before and it was a little late to start believing they would now. For some reason she knew it was her lot in life to suffer, to be alone and be miserable, no matter how hard she tried to make her life any different. Surely, it was time for the curse on her life to stop? The voice in her head had said otherwise, apparently there was much worse to come. But what could be worse than this, she thought.
Once the pain started to make her want to push, it all became a little more bearable. At least she felt more in control of the situation, not just lying there helplessly, being tortured.

The baby, a boy, was born that evening and nobody could have been more pleased it was over than Kate herself.
Throughout the ordeal, the voice had kept up a running commentary about her life being ruined. How she had wasted every opportunity and how sorry it was. The last bit surprised her, for she had always thought it disliked her. It had never said anything with any hint of kindness in it before. If it was simply trying to depress her even more than she was already, it had succeeded.

Kate remembered looking at the baby, her baby, amazed at how ugly it really was. Where was the cute little bundle she knew other people had? This scrawny screwed up unattractive thing was not what she had been expecting at all. It looked half dead. She had hoped to feel a surge of affection, but she felt nothing at all. Not even relief it was all over, because she knew it wasn't, not really.
All her troubles had just doubled and she could see no way out of the mess she had made of her life. No one was going to rescue her, that was for sure. Realising real life was nothing like the movies was harsh, but timely.
Despair flooded in as Kate realised something else. She would no longer be able to keep herself invisible. With a screaming baby in tow, the whole world could see her and know what she was doing.
Why hadn't she been more careful?


As Kate sat in the park, misery beginning to seep from every pore, she knew she would have to pull herself together and get a grip. Other people had a lifetime of sadness to get through and her life could have been so much worse. Brooding never helped anyone, she thought.  But wouldn't it be nice if you could put all your sad memories in a box and never open it again?
She sniffed. Avoiding the park at the weekends would be a step in the right direction though.



Ten

When he decided to follow Kate to the Park, Jack had no real idea of what to expect. The weather was pleasant enough, she probably just felt like a walk. Didn't quite fit with what he remembered about her. She didn't usually just go for a walk, there was generally more to it than that. She looked as though she had a purpose though, as he watched her striding along the main pathway. Was she going to meet someone?
As far as he knew, she had no friends these days. He found himself remembering the one she had when she was younger, an old school friend called Eileen Jenkins. He had never approved of their friendship, as Eileen was what he called a good time girl who spent most of her time hunting for the perfect man. If they didnt have plenty of money or the prospect of getting some, she moved on to the next one. It was Eileen who had introduced Mr Perfect to Kate, discarded by her as his prospects werent up to scratch.
Pity she hadnt lived long enough to see how wrong she was. Michael Barratt had gone on to be successful in the property market and made a lot of money in the process.
Jacks involvement with Eileen was simple enough. He wanted her to stop seeing Kate, to stop filling her head with ideas of finding a better husband. But she had made the huge mistake of arguing with him and he soon lost his temper. She ended up being the first person to die in his quest to get Kate back, she wouldnt be bothering Kate anymore and that was a fact.
He ducked behind a tree as she slowed down and looked around with what seemed like disappointment. Maybe they hadn't turned up.
When she eventually sat down on a bench facing the lake, she looked decidedly miserable. She barely glanced at people as they passed and he could tell she was deliberately not looking at the children, obviously remembering her son, David.
It gave him a small glow of pleasure to see the damage he had inflicted all those years ago when the drugs he was administering finally killed the child was still being felt. It was only a small glow, for he knew he had so much more to give.
For a long time, he thought his chances were over. When she first ran away from him all those years ago, he thought he might have to give up on her as it was not much as much fun if he wasn't there to witness the effect first hand. But new opportunities had presented themselves and with a few adjustments here and there, he was having as much fun as before.
It was interesting she immediately thought it was Danny who had been stealing from her, but the lock on the door wasnt broken so how did she think he had gotten in? By the same token, he was unexpectedly annoyed she didn't automatically think of him, and made a mental note to rectify that mistake, sooner than later.

After a while, it seemed she wasn't meeting anyone after all. He had fully expected the love of her life to turn up, even though there had been no sign of him in years.
The thought of Mr Perfect, all curly hair and blue eyes still made his blood boil. He had turned out to be a bit of a bastard after all, but he suspected the real reason Kate ran away from him was down to the fact she still loved Michael and no one else would do. He would never understand the ways of women in a million years and Kate was no exception.
He often wondered why the thought of her still filled his every waking moment; especially when she so obviously didn't care or even notice all of the annoyances he had subjected her to. It was something of a miracle she had discovered the cigarettes were missing in the first place, but then insisted on blaming her brother for their disappearance. It was as if she never thought of him at all. Could she really have forgotten him so completely?
That was all down to her friend, the art dealer. She had somehow managed to remove all traces of Kate's anger towards him, and nearly created another unpleasant circumstance if his memory served him correctly.
Kate had seemed to forget all about that too. What was the matter with the woman?
He would have to think of something dramatic to shake her up a bit. More than a bit, if he could manage it.
He watched Kate leave the park and declined to follow her, his mind full of nasty possibilities. Thinking that way always made him feel so much better and he had enjoyed his visit to this park, full of an interesting mix of the human race. Watching them gave him all kinds of ideas.
His gaze didn't linger on all the courting couples, their open displays of affection irritated him and shouldn't be allowed in a public place. If he had a silent weapon, he would kill them all where they stood, ridding the world of all the sentimental slush that usually ended up meaning nothing to any of them. There were some tired looking mums with toddlers, doing their best not to be envious of the single people with dogs. What did they envy the most, he thought. The state of being single, or owning a dog? People did love their animals, didn't they? A smile slowly spread across his face like the dawn breaking, as an idea arrived and took hold.

Here and there were older couples, touchingly holding hands or helping each other to sit down on the benches. He found himself concentrating on an old man, sitting on a bench overlooking the lake. At first he thought he was dead already as he had been sitting in the same position for quite a while. The man was staring at the water, obviously lost in his memories.  He had a sad air about him; maybe he had lost his dog, or was it his wife? Or was he hoping to die as he sat there, as if wishing could make it so? What kind of bargain was he trying to make to make it a possibility? 
He knew all about the bargains people try to make, had made more than a few himself over the years only to realise there was nothing to bargain with really. If you wanted something to happen, you had to do it all by yourself.
And that, he had discovered was the fun part. If he had a mind to, he could have helped him out, but he wasn't feeling generous today.

When the day began to end and the sun started to slide down the sky into a sea of tangerine streaked clouds, he made his way home, his mind full of interesting and malevolent thoughts. 



Eleven

When Kate returned from the park on Sunday afternoon, she had a splitting headache. She wasn't quite sure if it was due to the bright sunshine or the uncomfortable stroll down memory lane. It was probably both.
She put a saucepan of water on to boil, intending to make some pasta for the convenience store had nothing that appealed to her, wondering all the time what it would take to make her forget Michael. God knows she had tried so hard over the years to put him out of her mind, but nothing seemed to work. Even now, she was still tempted sometimes to try to find him, hoping for a glimpse of him. She knew it was stupid, for his memory seemed to be intrinsically linked to everything else that had gone wrong in her life. It would be impossible to flush all of it out of her mind, but she really should try harder. Hadn't Jack taught her that any relationship with any man was doomed to fail? The differences between men and women were just too great.
Maybe there was a decent film on the TV, or she could try to finish the painting she had been working on when her heart had screamed uncle on Friday night.
Thinking of the artwork reminded her she was supposed to call Sam about another commission. Hopefully it was a definite booking, not just an enquiry as her bank balance was looking a bit bereft.

Waiting for the pasta to finish cooking, Kate wandered about the flat trying to decide what she would do with the rest of the day. Dylan was snoring gently on the couch, seemingly oblivious to her presence. Well, that was cats all over. Humans were only supposed to be acknowledged when a need arose.
She stopped at her studio door, taking in the gentle clutter, but since the break in, she couldn't shake the feeling that everything was ruined. It looked and felt spoiled, almost like a rape, and she knew deep down she would have to find somewhere else to live and soon.  The thought of packing everything up, not to mention trying to find a place she liked as much as this flat was becoming a bridge too far, she didn't think she could do it again. But she might have to, for like it or not, living here now was getting increasingly uncomfortable. 

The intense colours of her painting glowed like a beacon, drawing her into the studio. There was something unfamiliar about it, almost as though someone else had painted it. 
Looking closer, she found herself trying to focus on a particular spot in the waves. There was something there but it was so small. What was it?
There was a magnifying glass somewhere in a drawer but the question was, which drawer?
Of all the faculties you start to lose as you get older, Kate's memory would be the one she would miss the most. Aches and pains, creaking joints, plus all the side effects from the medication she had to take for her heart, these were all the things she knew were inevitable. Two things she couldn't afford to lose were her eyesight and her memory. Not the old memories, they could go to hell for all she cared. Just leave her with the day-to-day stuff, like where you left your keys, or what you did ten minutes ago.

Not much chance of that, Kate. Like it or not, time will have its way and do just what it wants

She found the magnifying glass at the back of the drawer where she kept her photograph collection. Logical place really, she thought, wondering why she hadn't looked there first. As she approached the painting, she wondered what she was going to see. It was probably nothing important. In the pain and confusion of Friday night, anything could have happened. It was some kind of miracle she hadn't ruined the entire canvas, wasn't it?
She leaned closer, trying to focus on the tiny detail bobbing about in the water. What she saw almost made her drop the glass. It was a woman's face.
Hang on, she thought, not just any woman's face. It was Sam, and she looked worried, almost scared. What on earth? Where had it come from?
She didn't remember doing it, and come to think of it, why on earth would she paint Sam in the sea? She couldn't swim. It had always been a joke between them, the fact they were so well together but had such contrasting opinions about water. Kate loved it, whereas Sam loathed and detested it.
Kate could never imagine her going anywhere near any kind of water, so what was going on?

That night, Kate was plagued by nightmares. All she kept seeing was Sam, struggling in the water, panic distorting her face into that of a stranger. She opened her eyes in the morning, surprised she had in fact had some sleep; her mind resolved to call her friend and check up on her. She hadn't hinted at any problems when they met up for lunch last week, none Kate could remember anyway.
She was always reluctant to call anyone on a Monday morning, remembering how disorganised the start of any week could usually be so she forced herself to wait until after lunch.
The office junior answered the phone and said Miss Cameron was having a few days off, and no, it wasn't because she was ill.
Kate hung up, puzzled and worried in equal parts. As far as she knew, Sam hadn't mentioned this either. Or had she forgotten? She tapped her home number into the phone, and while she waited for her to answer, tried desperately to recall everything they had talked about.
Kate suddenly realised no one was picking up. There was obviously no one home.
Suddenly, what the voice had said earlier had a more sinister tone. What if something had happened to Sam?
Kate wandered into the kitchen to make a cup of coffee, trying to think but thoughts of Sam kept getting in the way.
They had met back in 1973, just when Kate had almost decided to quit her tailoring job. She had moved from tailoring to an executive position in a fashion firm, and although it could be exciting, most days it bored her to death and was not what she wanted to do at all. She was painting in her spare time and having a modest success at local fairs and exhibitions. People loved her art and she had sold several canvases, which would indicate it was time for her to concentrate on her passion full time, even if it meant sometimes going hungry in the beginning.
She smiled at the thought of losing some weight. Always a bit on the chunky side, she was always thinking about going on a diet but somehow it never happened; which was odd, considering how skinny she was as a child. The way her hips were aching lately, they would probably appreciate a little less of Kate. 

Sam had been at one of the locally run art exhibitions, and started a conversation with Kate about all the paintings, unaware she was one of the artists. In turn, Kate thought she was just somebody who lived locally and appreciated artwork. Samantha, or Sam as she was destined to be called was roughly the same age as Kate, but that was where the similarity stopped. They turned out to be as different as chalk from cheese. Everything about Kate was on the verge of being out of control and not just her weight. She wore scruffy casual clothes, (comfortable, she called them) and her mane of mousy curls had a life all of its own. She was unorganised and messy, but magic seemed to happen every time she picked up a paintbrush.
Sam on the other hand could not have been more opposite. She was neat and tidy with short dark hair that seemed glued in place. Never to be seen wearing anything even remotely 'comfortable', always looking as though she was late for an interview or important meeting. And she usually was.
 Like Kate, Sam also lived alone, but that was where the similarity ended. She was a social butterfly; having so many friends Kate couldn't keep up, not that she really wanted to.
Because they were so different Kate always wondered why Sam had bothered with her in the first place, but they got on like a house on fire right from the start, almost like sisters.
Sam ran a modestly successful local art gallery; and was contemplating opening another in London. Their friendship led to a business arrangement that worked well. There was that awkward time years ago when Jack was really getting her down. Sam had strong feelings about that and became quite upset when it looked as though Kate's work would suffer. At least, that's what Kate thought it was.



Twelve

Kate decided to ring Sam later, and tried to concentrate on a theme for a new canvas. She spread her collection of photographs out on the floor, but her brain just didn't want to work. She was having trouble doing much of anything these days, and housework was the least of her worries. She too tired to care, who would see it anyway?  She started to think about her health, something she didn't usually bother about. Since the heart attack, she had been preoccupied with the thought she didn't have much longer and increasingly felt as though her body was giving up, one day at a time.
Despite all that had happened in her life, she had always felt invincible, as though nothing could affect her. Now that feeling was almost gone. It sounded ridiculous, but she could actually feel a disintegration or degeneration happening to her, leaving her in no doubt her time was nearly up. She thought she was also developing angina, what did that mean? Was her heart going to stop again? Maybe she should try to remember to take the pills, for who knew just how much time she had left?

Then she started to think about all those hints she had been getting lately about the lives she had apparently lost. Was he really trying to insinuate she had been using them up, like a cat? Surely, there hadn't been that many. Had there?
She tried to count them and promptly gave up, dismissing the thought as total rubbish, just another of his stupid remarks.

Please do not dismiss what I say so easily, Kate. At this point in your life you have no clear idea of what is important, so just think about it?

Sam answered the phone almost before it had a chance to ring, sounding pleased to hear Kate's voice.
'Did you ring earlier Kate?'
'Yes, I did, but your junior said you were off sick or something.'
Sam laughed. 'You must have misheard her, Kate. She wouldn't have said that. But I was being a little mysterious with her; she is far too nosy you know.'
'So where were you?'  Kate tried to sound only mildly curious.
'I was in London, meeting with the owners of the building I am thinking of leasing.'
'And...'
'And it's a done deal. It's a lovely place, just right for a gallery. And it's the perfect location too!'
Kate's mind went into overdrive.  Now the new gallery was becoming a fact, Sam would need a lot more art for the walls. Things might be looking up after all. 'Does that mean I shall be seeing less of you then?'
'Not really, Im getting a manager so I can stay down here. London is fine for the odd visit, but I wouldn't want to stay up there.'

Kate was busily trying to predict how fast she could paint. 'How soon will all this be happening?'
There was a pause and Kate could hear people talking in the background.
'Look Kate, I would prefer to have this conversation in person, how about lunch tomorrow?'

Sam had arranged to pick Kate up in her smart yellow VW beetle and they were headed for the local Harvester, with Sam was driving much too fast in her usual erratic manner. It was a good choice as the food was always delicious, with a vast menu, which catered for all possible tastes; which was ideal if you didn't fancy anything particular or simply couldn't make up your mind. The free salad bar was a great idea too and Kate looked forward to their meal almost as much as the chance to catch up with her friend.
The Harvester was busy, as usual; but they were seated and discussing the menu inside five minutes.
'So Kate; how's everything? Have you finished the commission?'
'Yes, I think so. You can take it back with you.'
Kate seemed to be in a weird mood, Sam thought. Almost as if her mind was somewhere else entirely. 'Are you okay Kate? You seem a bit off.'
Kate looked up at her friend; suddenly realising she didn't know about her heart attack or the business with Danny.
As she relayed everything that had happened, she was amazed by Sam's reaction. There was surprise, shock, concern and finally sadness. It looked as though she were about to cry.
'Are you all right now, medically I mean?'
'So they tell me. If I keep taking the pills, I should be fine. My heart apparently needed an MOT and they had to put these bits in to keep the arteries open, so I should be good for a while yet.' She laughed. 'They even managed to talk me into giving up smoking...'
'Good for you Kate. Now, what's all this about Danny?'
Their food arrived, temporarily halting the conversation, and they ate in silence. But Kate noticed Sam was really only picking at her food. Surely, her news hadn't upset her that much?
Sam put down her fork. 'I'm not hungry today. Tell me about Danny.'
Kate described what had happened, keeping her voice low as she noticed the family at the next table were eavesdropping. 'I'm absolutely sure it was him, who else could it be. He must have a key or something, nothing was damaged.'
Sam looked deathly serious, but it wasn't bad, was it? It was only Danny.
'Did you manage to change the lock yet?' she asked, already knowing what the answer would be.
'Err, no - do you think I should?'
'Definitely, or do you want a return visit from your brother, or whoever else it might have been?'
Kate promised faithfully to replace the lock, and having finished their meal, made their way to Sam's car.
'For some inexplicable reason, Kate, I keep thinking about the time you had that virus in 1995. I never knew anyone could get so hot and survive, but you did and from what I know about you, you're good at surviving.'

Kate had forgotten how bad the virus had been. It turned out to be viral meningitis and she had been lucky to come through it without any brain damage. Her temperature had reached such high levels it was a wonder her brain hadn't fried.
It had been a normal day, Kate had been painting off and on, but a violent headache was building to epic proportions. She had gone to bed early, hoping to sleep it off, but no such luck. She awoke shivering, the pain in her head and neck excruciating and she knew something had to be wrong.
Kate telephoned Sam to cancel their lunch appointment. She must have sounded so bad Sam had dropped everything and turned up on her doorstep. She took one look at Kate and called the doctor.
When he arrived, he tried to play down the seriousness of it all, but stressed Kate had to cool down even if it meant throwing her into a cool bath.
Apparently, the first time Sam tried it was hilarious. She said Kate ended up being dragged along the floor in the hallway, grabbing at every doorway she passed, begging Sam not to be so cruel. But Sam had her instructions, and come hell or high water she would keep Kate's temperature down if it killed them both in the process.
For nearly a week, she nursed Kate and dragged her to the bathroom every time her temperature went up another notch. It couldn't have been easy, for Kate was bigger and usually stronger than Sam, but determination obviously won through.
Kate had never thought to ask her friend how she had managed so well. She knew she had slept a lot and not eaten for several days, and Sam must have been so worried. Kate had been so grateful she had stayed with her, for she knew she might have died without her help.

So that was probably another life used up and she hadn't given it a thought until now. How many more had she forgotten about?
Kate laughed, but without enthusiasm. 'So that's what my friendly pest keeps going on about.'
'You mean hes still talking to you?' Instant frown lines appeared on her face. 'So what's he saying now?'
'He keeps going on about how many lives I have used up; makes me feel like a cat.'
'And how many have you used?'
Kate frowned, trying to remember. Her memory was getting worse she decided. 'I can only think of four, but there was that time when Jack's car went out of control. It was really scary.'

Sam dropped Kate at her flat and went to park the car. As Kate unlocked the front door, she studied it closely to see if there was any damage. There was none she could see; but wasn't it supposed to be possible to open doors with a credit card? Well, that should rule Danny out; he wouldn't get a credit card in a million years. But if it wasn't him, who...?

The rest of the afternoon was spent discussing the new canvasses and the time just flew by. Kate was to paint four large seascapes for the new gallery. She wanted to include different water scenes, but Sam was adamant. 'You can't paint anything else for the grand opening Kate -- the gallery is going to be called Seascapes, so that's what I want to specialise in, at least at first. You can try other things later on.' She smiled, her face lighting up with excitement. 'You will come up to London next month for the opening, won't you?'
It wasn't really a question, Kate realised. She was expected to be there; come hell or high water. It reminded her of the frightening dream of Sam drowning in the water. Maybe it was symbolic of her latest enterprise, jumping in the deep end sort of thing.
She had always assumed her friend knew what she was doing and everything would be okay, never giving the financial risks any thought at all. But Sam was no fool. She must be supremely confident to consider setting up a brand new art gallery from scratch, and in London of all places.
'Kate?'
'Oh sorry, I was miles away. Yes, of course I'll be there. You couldn't keep me away.'
'You're not still worried about Danny, are you? You probably won't hear from him again, you know.'
Kate nodded, unwilling to spoil the afternoon with her thoughts about the break in, if that's what it was. She couldn't tell Sam how she felt about living there now. She was only just beginning to understand what she had to do, and now was not the time to discuss it.
She was being haunted by the fact her special place, her sanctuary, was not so special anymore. It felt used and dirty somehow, and try as she might, she could not get past that fact.



Thirteen

On her way home from her lunch with Kate, Sam found herself having to fight to hold back the tears. It seemed to be raining, the windscreen streaked with water distorting the view from inside the car. When she realised the water was in her eyes and not on glass in front of her, she pulled over and parked the car at the side of the road.
She wished for the millionth time there were something she could do to help Kate, something to help her settle down and be happy. Misery seemed to follow her around like a stray dog, her life full of pain and disappointment and didnt look as if it would be letting up any time soon. Who was tormenting her, and what did they want?
Two obvious candidates stood out immediately. It had to be either Danny or Jack.
She didn't want to think it could be Kate's brother Danny. He was a bit of an idiot, but would he really want to hurt Kate? Then there was Jack, her ex-husband. She didn't know him well, but on the few occasions she had met him he had made her skin crawl. Always so courteous, most women would fall at his feet but Sam instinctively knew he was hiding his true colours behind all his mock chivalry. She had watched him with Kate and her son in the past and it was like watching a horror film. You just knew something awful was going to happen at any minute, but as hard as you tried to prepare yourself it was never enough. She was glad when Kate had finally left him and moved away, hoping that would be the end of it. 
Jack had seemed to give in without a struggle, which had surprised Sam. She half expected him to move heaven and earth to get her back, but he did not. He contacted her a few times, contrite, humble, and actually pleaded with her to come home, promising her the world and more to make amends.
But Kate would have none of it. Sam had expected a few pitfalls or fruitless reconciliations but Kate had not conceded. Something far worse must have occurred, Sam thought. Something Kate obviously didn't want to talk about.
Whatever it was Sam was pleased the marriage was over, as she didn't want Kate having anything to do with him. So the thought he might be up to his tormenting games again was annoying to say the least. And why now?
She had a mental picture of him keeping an eye on Kate, watching and waiting for opportunities to arise. Sam had never understood how he could have been so nasty to both Kate and her son David. Was he lying when he said he loved her? He must be delusional, she thought. It couldn't be love, not the kind of love Kate needed.
Not the kind of love Sam had offered her either and suddenly the tears began again in earnest, threatening to turn into wholesale sobbing.


Sometime later Sam had composed herself just enough to resume her journey, deciding to put in a few hours at the gallery, as going home had not appealed in the slightest. Being alone in her tiny flat only served to remind her just how lonely she really was.
But after only a few minutes inside the gallery with all its empty spaces and concealed lighting she realised she was just as lonely there too. She needed someone in her life, someone to share all her emotions with. Over the years there had been some opportunities but none of them had meant as much to her as Kate. It was a great pity she didn't feel the same in return.
There had been that time when Sam was sure Kate would finally realise how she felt about her, that their relationship could be more than just good friends. They had been at some function, she couldn't remember much about it really, only that the pair of them managed to get drunk and ended up alone together. But what should have been a romantic occasion had quickly degenerated into a one-sided show of affection from which Kate had rapidly retreated into her shell. 
Sam often wondered if Kate had been too drunk to understand what she was offering, and had been too scared to bring the subject up in case it ruined what relationship they did have.



Fourteen

Later that evening, as Kate was sorting through her painting supplies to decide what she needed to stock up on, she thought she heard a child crying. She often heard all manner of sounds coming from the neighbours, but as far as she knew, no one had any children.
She looked around the room for Dylan, thinking it could be him but the silver tabby was nowhere in sight. It had sounded more like a child than a cat she thought, and the memory of David suddenly burst into her mind.
He was so small when he was born, too small to have caused so much trouble.

The first hint something was wrong happened the morning after David was born. She awoke in the hospital bed and tried to move her legs, thinking she would get up and go to the bathroom. But something didn't feel right. Her left leg felt heavy and awkward and didn't want to move. 
She pulled back the covers and discovered a red, angry leg, which had swollen considerably. She called to a passing nurse and she took one look, told Kate not to move for any reason, and summoned the doctor.
It was a thrombosis, a blood clot, which apparently could travel to her heart or brain if she as much as moved an eyelash.
Being told she must not move on pain of death, so soon after the rigours of childbirth, seemed to work the oracle. Kate simply froze, far too frightened and exhausted to think straight. They gave her medication, and over the next few days the swelling gradually went down and the danger passed.
Thinking about it now, Kate wondered idly if it counted as a life lost. They said she could have died after all. So how many was it? Possibly five or six, she thought.

Glad to see you keeping score, Kate. I have no idea why you seem to have nine livesbut it must be important

Kate had tried to be a good mother, never complaining or resenting the demands of her tiny red-faced dictator. She was always a patient person but David pushed her to hell and back. He never seemed to sleep like other babies or behave as she thought a baby should.
She remembered him standing up in his cot every night, grinning at her like a Cheshire cat, almost as if he knew he was being infuriating.
Having a child had not worked for Kate. Instead of having the opportunity to show the world just how it should be done, she had managed to screw it up and do a worse job than her mother. Despite her struggle to do all the right things, David grew up hating her and she never really knew why.

Surprisingly, John took to being a substitute father like a duck to water. He never spoke of Michael at all. It was as though his own son didn't exist and Kate thought she understood. John kept hinting she should marry him and settle down. Forget any dreams she might still have about finding a better life. But Kate couldn't stop expecting to see Michael, couldn't believe he could stay away. Surely, he would want to at least look at his son?
But the time passed and David grew into a moody, rebellious toddler, and if she still had dreams of a better life, she tried to forget them. Which wasn't easy, as the voice tormented her almost on a daily basis, constantly reminding her of the mess she had made of her life. Kate had started to think it wanted her to do something drastic, like jump under a bus, but she refused to listen, stubbornly holding on to the little bit of hope she had left.

Most people see life in black and white, but for Kate there were a million shades of grey, plus some mystifying element that eluded her whenever she tried to concentrate on it.
Whatever it was, it was always tantalisingly close and out of reach at the same time. Why was it so difficult for her to find love? She had searched long and hard deep down inside herself, but the elusive answer simply danced away whenever she came close to it.
Kate tried to remember what had made David hate her so but her mind refused to cooperate. It was late; she should pack up and go to bed. No point worrying about any of it, was there?

If you say so, my dear Kate. But here is a thought to take with you. Have you ever considered the fact that someone might have influenced your son?
Someone like me for instance, or someone worse?

The voice in her head stopped her in her tracks. Why did he say that? It might explain why she could never quite put her finger on the cause of her son's hatred. His feelings were strong, so he obviously thought he had a good reason to be so angry. It would also explain why she had always felt it was not anything to do with her. But if it really wasn't her fault, why did he hate her so much?
Kate tried to switch her brain off as easily as she flipped the light switch on her way to bed, but the thought it might have been someone else's fault went with her and she knew she would have trouble sleeping.

~~~

Kate had lain awake for most of the night, convinced she could still hear a child crying. Dylan had not made an appearance, which was odd because he never stayed out all night. She would have to look for him when she returned from the art suppliers in Guildford.

She spent most of Tuesday morning carefully choosing the paint and canvases she would need. Blissfully happy to be able to do what she loved so much, never regarding it as work. She decided to stop for lunch before catching the next train home, and found herself in a smart new Italian place where the food turned out to be good and the waiters treated her like royalty.
Despite her surroundings, she found herself thinking about the mysterious crying child, which in turn made her think of the day Michael did in fact turn up. Typically, it had to be a day when she looked her worst. Her hair, longer and messier than ever, needed washing and David was being his most frustrating, throwing his toys all over the place one minute then demanding things and throwing them on the floor too. 
Don't do this today, she remembered thinking. But Michael wasn't taking any notice of his child. He was staring at her, almost as though he hadn't really looked at her before. John was at work, but Kate didn't want to think what might happen if Michael was still there when he came home.
'You're looking good Kate.' he said softly, his oh so blue eyes twinkling just as she remembered. Something inside her seemed to move and stretch its legs. What was she supposed to make of this visit? What did he want?
She stood up straight and looked him in the eyes. 'Why are you here Michael?'
He smiled nervously and pushed his fingers through his hair, a habit that was all too familiar. 'I wanted to see you.'
Kate was having a lot of trouble keeping herself detached. The way he looked and the things he was doing brought back so many memories she couldn't concentrate. How long had it been? It must have been eighteen months since he had walked away. What had brought him back now? She had supposed he would be married by then as he was too good looking to stay single for long.
She had to sit down. Her legs were beginning to demand it but she hesitated, knowing he would take it as a signal to be all over her like a rash. She compromised and leaned against the windowsill. 'Why did you want to see me, I would have thought you would have better things to do.'
He had the grace to look awkward and gave a nervous laugh. 'I couldn't stop thinking about you, so here I am.'
And just what do you expect me to do about that, she thought. The next thought slipped unbidden into her mind and made her swallow so hard, she almost choked. Did he still love her?

If he ever did, my dear Kate. Do not be fooled by him again. You do remember how much it hurt last time?

'Oh shut up!'
'Pardon?' he said, looking anxious.
'Oh not you, Michael, I was thinking aloud. Would you like a cup of coffee?'
Why had she offered hospitality? She should throw him out after last time. But for some reason she couldn't bring herself to be angry with him. He always did have that effect on her.
It was getting late, John could be home any time soon and she knew all hell would break loose if Michael was still there.
'Your dad will be home soon, she said, pointedly.
He didn't look at all worried. Don't tell me he's grown a pair since I saw him last, she thought. He had picked up one of David's toy cars and was turning it repeatedly in his hands, seemingly without a care in the world. She waited for David to notice one of his toys was in someone else's hands and go into his usual spoilt brat routine and scream to get it back. But he didn't. She knew he had noticed, for he was watching Michael intently, studying him from behind the armchair.
'Why are you here, Kate?'
As if you care where I am, she thought. 'Where else would I go?'
'There must be better places, than here with him...'
'He has been good to both of us,' when no one else was, she felt like adding.
Suddenly she decided she would not be playing his games again, not even for a social visit. 'I think you should go now. I want you to leave.'
He stood up and crossed the room to stand in front of her at the window. 'Don't be like that Kate, I have missed you.'

Oh no you don't, she thought and pushed past him to get to the front door. He was right behind her and put out his hand to stop her from opening the door. 'You don't really want to throw me out, do you?'
He was standing so close; she could feel the heat coming off his body on the bare skin of her arm. The familiar smell of his aftershave washed over her, evoking so many wonderful memories of their romantic past.
With an extraordinary effort, she managed to pull herself together and gritted her teeth, desperately trying to remember she still hated him.
He leaned towards her and tucked a stray curl behind her ear. 'Beautiful as ever Kate, I really must visit you again and soon.'
He opened the door, which meant squeezing past her. Her body disobeyed every command she gave it and long forgotten sensations came back to life. It was all she could do not to grab him and melt in his arms.
But by some miracle she held herself together and managed to finally close the door behind him. She stood there for a moment, trying to decide exactly how she felt. But she didn't really have to think about it, it was obvious she still loved him. She just hoped it wasn't obvious to him.

What on earth are you doing remembering all that crap, Kate? You do not want to be thinking about him again, do you? Not that you know where he is anyway... He hurt you so much before, just how bad would it be if you allow him to do it again?

The sarcasm in his voice brought her back to the present in a hurry.
Thinking about Michael usually depressed her but that wasn't happening today. She felt almost elated but that was insane. It was all of fifty years ago, surely all thoughts of Michael and their ill-fated romance should have been buried long ago?

On the way home, she called in at the local supermarket for there was hardly any food in the flat and Dylan's was running low too; which reminded her, she hadn't seen him that morning. Where was he?
When she arrived home, she checked all his favourite hiding places but the silver tabby was in none of them. She checked the cat flap still worked as it had been known to get stuck occasionally, much to Dylan's annoyance. You would think she had done it just to annoy him, the way he carried on.
Kate was getting really worried now. She hadn't seen him for at least two days and it was not like him at all.
She walked across the road to her neighbour and knocked on the door, waiting patiently for the old woman to make her way to the front door,
'Hello Janet, I was wondering if you had seen Dylan lately? And how are you these days,' she added guiltily. Kate thought she looked a bit tired, not quite her usual perky self.
'Oh I'm not so bad, and no, I haven't seen his Lordship for a while now. How long had he been missing?'
'About two days, I think. I hope he's all right.'
'I'm sure he is Kate, although there has been a strange car parked outside number ten for over a week now. Nobody ever gets out of it though, not that I've seen anyway.'
'I'll have to ask around. Do you need anything Janet?'
'I'm fine; you go and find Dylan, that's more important.'
'He's not more important than you, take care...'

None of the other neighbours had seen Dylan either and by the time she was back home she was really worried. She had a quick look at the car Janet mentioned, it was a green Vauxhall and beaten up enough to be her brothers, but the inside was so clean and tidy she dismissed the idea. It was probably dumped anyway.
It was possible Dylan had gone walkabout, although he had stopped doing that a long time ago. He was too old now, wasn't he? But apart from ringing the local vet and reporting him missing, she couldn't think of what else to do. She knew cats do sometimes up sticks and move on when the mood takes them. She just hoped that wasn't what had happened as she would miss him terribly.



Fifteen

Danny was in his usual position, stationed at the window watching the street, an overflowing saucer full of cigarette butts beside him. Further down the road he could see Kate's front door, which was why he was there. Ever since she had met Jack Holland, he had made it his business to stay as close to his sister as was humanly possible. He had slept in his car until this flat had become available; no doubt the fact there was a tramp living in a car outside had speeded up the process.
Jack had given himself away quite soon in the beginning of his relationship with Kate, stupidly warning Danny to stay away if he knew what was good for him, actually prodding him painfully in the chest to make his point. And although he made it seem like a joke and was laughing, Danny knew exactly what he was about and was instantly concerned for his sisters welfare.
He could sense this Jack Holland could be capable of anything and he had been right. He had watched the marriage turn into a horror story for both Kate and her son. He wanted to take them away to somewhere safe, but Kate stubbornly refused to listen, pushing him away time after time. He had to settle for being around; convinced he could do something even if it was just to pick up the pieces.
So he watched and waited, hoping he could be of help if and when she needed him.

He wondered what she was doing. It was almost midday and the street had been deserted all morning. He could see what he thought was the postman, beginning to shove things into peoples letterboxes. Seemed like a good job; he thought, better than sitting in an office all day, healthy too, all that fresh air.
He could do with some of that; he hadn't been outside for days and was going stir crazy. He sometimes went out after dark when there was less chance of being seen, just to the local shop for food and tobacco and he was desperate to be outside in the daylight. Maybe Kate would go to the park again, that would be just the ticket.
He lit another cigarette and sighed, frustrated with the self-imposed vigilance he had to suffer. But he had nothing better to do; did he? And he was convinced something was about to happen. There was this weird sensation at the back of his neck, almost like an itch every time he saw his sister.
That time he followed her to the park the sensation was so strong it was almost painful. There were many people around; any one of them could have been watching her. He had studied them all, looking for the one face he would recognise but none of them had looked like Jack Holland.
Kate had looked sad and worried that day and he was convinced something must have happened he knew nothing about.
He wondered if she would be checking up on her elderly neighbour, giving him something else to look at assuring him she was okay.
The last time he had seen her she had wandered over to his car and he wondered if she recognised it as his. With all his secrecy, he hadn't remembered she had seen his car that day at the hospital. His stupidity really didn't have any boundaries, did it?
He wondered again just what possible help he could be if she really needed any. And he was sure she would need somebody soon. He could feel it gathering, like storm clouds on the horizon. Someone was plotting to destroy her and he had a good idea who that someone was.
He had never liked the man she had ended up marrying. On the surface, Jack Holland was the perfect gentleman, all good manners and kind gestures. Most women would fall for his charms, and unfortunately Kate had, head first; probably because she needed rescuing from an insane relationship with a disgusting old man. He never did discover the truth behind it. But along came Casanova, convincing her that life with him would be perfectly wonderful.
He was only half right; Danny thought wryly, life with Jack Holland had turned out to be a perfect nightmare for both her and her little boy.

On his way back from the bathroom, he decided he needed something to eat and the only thing available was toast. While he waited for the bread to pop back up in the toaster, he found himself listening intently for the sound he heard earlier. Yes, there it was again. Someone seemed to be crying. Was it a child?
It was odd, for as far as he was aware, there were no children at this end of the street.



Sixteen

Kate tried hard not to think about Dylan that evening, but it was hard. He had been such a comfort for so many years; the thought she may never see him again was creating a big dark hole, one she could not afford to fall into.
She made a start on the first canvas, but instead of the tranquil moonlit scene she had planned, angry waves were starting to build, almost without her permission. Like any artist, Kate firmly believed the materials she used controlled the magic. Writers say the pen almost seems to write on its own and Kate understood why this happened more than most people. There were days when she knew something had taken over the brush and done its own thing, something for which she was eternally grateful.
The evening was turning out to be one such occasion. The hours flew by and before Kate was aware of it, it was late. All body was aching and she knew it was time to stop. In her youth, she had sometimes painted all night, but Kate knew from experience her old bones would not let her do that anymore. She put down her brush and focussed on the canvas in front of her.
What she saw made her gasp. What had she done?
The image in front of her was quite dark, the ocean at night. But instead of the calm moonlit scene she had envisioned, the waves were churning angrily. There was no moon, so the tips of the waves were only just visible. You just knew something was lurking and you had the distinct impression a storm was brewing. Perhaps it needed something else, a lighthouse maybe?
It wasn't bad, she thought; but was it good enough for Sam? She cleaned her brushes, determined to save the final judgement until the morning. Closing the studio door, she checked all the other rooms for Dylan but he was nowhere. She checked there was enough food and water in his bowls just in case he came home hungry.

Wednesday morning arrived, but apparently Dylan had not, his food was untouched. Kate made her way to the kitchen to put the kettle on, conscious of how empty and hostile her safe haven was becoming. The urge to run away had not diminished, but she kept pushing it to the back of her mind. She had so much work to do for Sam's new gallery, any thoughts of moving house would have to wait. There was always the possibility she was too old to run away any more.
It was getting harder to think outside the box and she seriously wondered if she had the energy to do anything other than paint.
She took her coffee to the studio and put a fresh canvas on the easel. She was in no mood to be objective, so decided to tackle another seascape and see what happened.
For some reason, the thought of running away made her think about Jack. He had come into her life at another turning point, when she had finally convinced herself she had to move out of John's house. She was bored with being an unpaid housekeeper, bored with wondering whether Michael would turn up again. 

Michael had turned up on two more occasions, using every trick in the book to try to seduce her into running away with him. She was flattered and tempted, but something always held her back.
On that last visit, John had come home from work and found Michael sprawled on the carpet, playing with David. Kate had never seen such anger in any man, and even remembering that day she felt scared to death. It wasn't directed at her, but at his son. The older man never said a word, just grabbed Michael by the arms and tried to evict him from his house. They fought like mad men and Kate had to quickly grab David and retreat to the comparative safety of the kitchen.
It was terrifying and heart breaking to watch a father and son in such a battle. John didn't speak but Michael kept saying 'dad' and 'please?' over and over again but it wasn't having any effect at all.
There was an almighty crash and the sound of glass smashing. Kate didn't want to look but knew she must.
John was standing by what remained of the living room window but there was no sign of Michael. There was a sound at the back door, and Kate turned just in time to see a dishevelled Michael stumble into the kitchen. There was blood on his face and she took a step towards him, but he put his hands up and shook his head as he walked past her, not stopping until he slammed the front door behind him.


John had never spoken of any of it, but the incident with Michael had made Kate more uncomfortable than ever. So when she met Jack again he managed to convince her that life would be so much better if she was with him.
She had originally met him at her old friend Eileen's wedding. She was instantly attracted to him, probably because he was so different to Michael. He had blue eyes too, but that was where the similarity ended. His hair was a dark blonde and he reminded her of a young Clint Eastwood. He was also charm personified and seemed to adore David. Kate was glad to have found someone who seemed too good to be true, someone special. As their relationship grew, he convinced her he would take care of them both and be a proper family.
And he was true to his word, at first. She left John's house one day when he was at work. She didn't want to experience any more of his bad temper, even though he had never lost it with her. It had been incredibly sad to be leaving the first home she had ever created, the house that was full of her endeavours and experimentations. 
Her failures were there too, the cupboard that never did stand straight and the carpet stains that refused to come clean, along with the bitter memory of Michael's betrayal. She had considered leaving John a note, but there was nothing to say. Goodbye was inadequate, for there was nothing good about her leaving, even though she was supposed to be moving on to better things.
Her life didnt settle down to a perfect existence, and she kept the fact she still loved Michael a closely guarded secret. She had married Jack in 1970 when she was twenty-six and David was two, even though she knew by then she was jumping from the frying pan to the fire. What had made her disregard her misgivings and ignore the warning bells?

~~~

Kate put down her brush and stretched, realising she was starving. It was time for a break. Before she could move, the voice filled her head and she sat where she was to listen.

You never did learn to follow your instincts, did you, Kate? And choosing to ignore mine; that was just plain stupid. Why have you always given in to everyone else but me?
You know you have always regretted not listening to me, so are you ready to follow my advice?

He was right, of course. He was always right. But that didn't mean she was about to toe the line this time. He kept nagging at her to leave this place, to forget everyone and everything, but it didn't feel right.
Kate knew he couldn't hurt her, if he could he would have done it by now. 
Sometimes she managed to convince herself that none of it was real and she really was going mad. But in the cold light of day there had to be a logical explanation for the fact she accepted this voice as a natural part of her life. It had always been there and it would be impossible to imagine it constantly for so many years, wouldn't it?
And if it was real, what did that make her?
The fact she might be special in some way never quite managed to be believable. Surely, her life would have turned out differently? Hell, her life should have been wonderful, shouldn't it?

Her stomach grumbling made her glance at the clock. It was past lunchtime. Where had the morning gone? At least this canvas was a bit more promising than the last one. It could have been a photograph of the Cornish coast with rocky cliffs and wild outcrops; with wild grasses and those little tufts of pink Thrift that seemed to pop up everywhere. The sea itself was relatively peaceful, with gentle white tipped waves and a couple of seagulls gliding across the view.
Kate wondered again, how she came to paint scenes like this when her mind was usually miles away on something else. But she was secretly pleased she did.
She stopped for a quick lunch of a toasted ham and cheese sandwich and when she sat down to eat, her mind went straight back to the problems she had with Jack. When she had married him, she finally seemed to get a family of her own and someone to take care of her. What a bitter disappointment it turned out to be, for she hadn't expected to discover all the petty arguments and the anger. Something had to be wrong. Hadn't he promised everything would be different with him?

She remembered her old friend Eileen's family. They argued all the time, but you never had the feeling they hated one another, quite the opposite in fact. She always thought the way they were together was really touching and the perfect definition of a family. Whenever one of the children was old enough to get a job, the first thing they did was to treat their mum to something special. They would usually do some DIY in the house too. So whenever a spring clean and decorating session was going on, you just knew it was because another youngster was spreading not just their wings but a lot of human kindness around too.
Maybe that was the advantage of having so many children, but it worked well.
Eileen's mum and dad never seemed to be overly affectionate, but then there was no discord between them either. Kate remembered thinking there was a lot to be said for peace, for too much emotion only seemed to lead to an equal amount of trouble in her experience.
Her relationship with Jack was a case in point. She thought at first he was the perfect gentleman, but he turned out to be a control freak. It was remarkable how quickly the romance wore off once the wedding and all the promising to love, honour and obey were over.
Were all men Jekyll and Hyde in disguise?
Kate laughed softly to herself, remembering the handsome waiters from yesterday's lunch. What would they be like, she wondered, once you took the time to know them?

I would imagine the secret is not to get to know them in the first place, Kate. Save a lot of heartache, do you think?
Pity you do not have somebody in your life though, do you miss having company?

She just knew he was referring to Dylan being missing. Did he have something to do with his disappearance?
She shook her head. No, that was not possible. He couldn't do anything like that; he was just a voice in her head, wasn't he? But her brain thought differently, coming up with incidents he might have had control over. There were so many inexplicable times, far too many to be a coincidence.
The thought he might not be just a voice was making her edgy, almost scared. She remembered all the comments over the years about her not dying. Sometimes he had sounded annoyed, almost angry. Perhaps because he couldn't do anything about it and that was good to know.



Seventeen

This canvas was turning out well, she thought, casting her professional eye over the composition. She had tried to capture the glory of a sunset on a calm sea, and the flood of colour across the water was almost right. She put down her brush, needing a cup of coffee.
While the kettle boiled, she thought about what the voice had said about her needing company. It obviously didn't really know her at all, for she had always preferred her own company. Pity she hadn't remembered that when she met Jack. Michael too, come to think of it. Why had she broken her own rules so many times?
She had always attributed her momentary lapses to plain old stupidity, for who knew better than she there was no Mr Right lurking about anywhere. 

She went back to her studio, still thinking about how badly their marriage had turned out. She had often heard women discussing how men would change once they put a ring on your finger, but surely there must be some kind of clue, some sign you were making a mistake before you walked down the aisle? If there was, she never saw it.
Jack must have been one clever bastard, that's all she could think, for she fell for his charm like a ton of bricks. The first time he had spoken to her as if she was the worst woman he had ever met had wounded her deeply. After Michael, she didn't think she could be hurt like that again, especially by someone like Jack. But she had been so wrong.
He had literally become someone else, someone she didn't recognise at all. He became rude, sarcastic and moody. He started to instigate rough games, which always resulted in her getting hurt. Even now, her hip hurt most days where he had viciously kicked her off the bed.
The one thing that really broke her heart was the way he treated her son, David. He had promised to be a good father and seemed to care for him before the wedding, but that changed, along with everything else. He did still play with him sometimes, but he played rough and she was terrified he would hurt him the way he usually hurt her.
She increased the intensity of the orange paint near the horizon so that it seemed the sun had only just slipped out of sight. The dying light streamed across the sea, spreading shades of peach and salmon pink that gradually faded into the cobalt sea. Kate nodded to herself, finally satisfied the sunset before her was as splendid as she could make it.
Something made her think of Sam's face appearing in one of her other paintings. What was that all about?

You really do not know, Kate? I know how much that woman means to you, but apparently, you do not.
Ask yourself what it would be like if she suddenly vanished, would you like that?

What was he going on about now? Of course she knew how she felt about Sam. She was a good friend as well as a big help with her art, but there had been the time when it was all a bit emotional. She thought at the time they would have to go their separate ways, for Sam had become so upset by her relationship with Jack. She was simply being over protective, wasn't she? After all, Kate knew by then he was a bastard, so Sam was right.
And what was all that about her suddenly vanishing?
She thought of Dylan, and it suddenly felt as though her stomach had just dropped to the floor.

~~~

Kate awoke with another splitting headache. The night had been full of nightmares, bloodied babies and cats screaming in agony and the angry face of a man she didn't recognise. She nearly gave up in the early hours and thought about getting up, but she must have gone back to sleep again. Not that she felt at all rested.
She staggered into the kitchen and switched the kettle on. While it was coming to the boil, she looked for some painkillers. She hated taking pills of any kind and only conceded with the antacid tablets because she usually ended up being violently sick if she didn't.
Kate remembered Sam's raised eyebrows when she couldn't assure her she had been taking her medication after the heart attack. She couldn't help it, she just didn't remember. Or was there a reason for that?
She really didn't see the point in prolonging the inevitable, always assuming she would die one day anyway. She really hoped so. Maybe when she was younger the thought of living forever seemed like a great idea, but not if you couldn't drag yourself out of bed. Something which was getting harder to do, pills or no.
Every bone in her body ached, and mysterious shooting pains were starting to worry her. Maybe she should be taking the pills after all because she wasn't quite ready to shuffle off just yet.
Right now though, she was having trouble deciding what she was going to do today. She wasn't completely happy with the first canvas she had done, and she really should do some housework, the place was filthy.
She suddenly felt emotional, tears were not far away, as she remembered how much she was missing Dylan. Where was he? She couldn't bear to think he might be hurt or shut in somewhere. Oh for a crystal ball, she thought. Wouldn't that be handy?
The next thought to push its way past her emotions was Danny, smiling at her with that soppy grin he always thought was cute. Why had she suddenly thought about him?

But someone was in your flat, poking around your things, spoiling everything. Just who was it, Kate?

So, the voice thought it was Danny, did he? It could have been she thought, remembering the smell of cigarette smoke. He would be stupid enough to smoke in her flat. The thought of him, nosing around in her belongings was making her skin crawl. He was her brother; she shouldn't be feeling like that about him. It might help a lot if she knew why she did, but the truth refused to escape from the dark recesses of her brain.

After a shower, Kate went to her studio. Housework had been voted against, after all, no one would see the place so what did it matter?
She studied both canvases, trying to be objective. The sunset was good, but the dark, edgy one was not. It would have to be done again. She had the idea in her head of a magical lake scene with mist rising from the water.  It wasn't a seascape, so Sam might not like it, but it was what she wanted to paint and wouldn't be able to move on to the next one until she had transferred it from her head to the canvas.
With the day planned and the problem solved, she set to work; suddenly realising she could hear the child crying again. It seemed to be more insistent now, as if it was alone and uncared for and was not helping Kate to concentrate.

During the morning, the crying intensified and Kate began to feel as if something was wrong? She couldn't remember David ever crying like that. Quite the opposite really, he was a happy child, infuriatingly happy most of the time. It was only as he grew older that the moods and bad tempers began to take over. Which puzzled her at the time, for weren't children supposed to take after their parents?
She couldn't blame everything on the crying child. The flat had not been the same since the break in. Idly, she wondered if it might have happened before. Not that she had noticed anything anyway as she was not the tidiest person on the planet.  But maybe they had and she had not been aware of it.
The feeling the flat was no longer her special place was getting stronger, almost too strong to ignore. She knew she would have to move, even though the thought of doing it all over again filled her with dread. She was too old to move house.

Stay where you are then. I expect you will get over the thought of a stranger touching everything, not to mention your distaste at having your space violated eventually. What do you think, Kate?

Oh, no you don't, she thought. 'Quit using reverse psychology on me, I'll do what I want, not what you think I should...'
She stopped mid rant, realising she was shouting at someone who wasn't really there. Maybe she should check herself into the funny farm, that would solve most of her problems, wouldn't it?
Oh get a grip, she thought. You moved house before and thoroughly enjoyed it, she could do it again if she had to; of course she could.
Suddenly, the need for fresh air was overwhelming. She had to get out of there, even if it was only around the block.

Once outside the front door, Kate didn't know what she wanted to do or where she wanted to go. The old green Vauxhall was still parked outside number ten and didn't appear to have been moved. It couldn't possibly be Danny's, could it?
She contemplated dropping in on Janet to see how she was, but her need for fresh air was more insistent. She began to walk, hoping something would occur to her as she made her way to the High Street. 
Dark grey clouds were slowly building into a menacing mountain, not just rain if they lot had anything to do with it. It matched her mood perfectly, so the thought of getting wet didn't bother her at all.



Eighteen

On the way home from her walk around the park as she approached the bakers, she wondered idly if they had any doughnuts. The sight of her old friend and neighbour Janet standing at the counter made her walk inside the shop.
'Hello Janet, I wondered if I would see you today. How are you?'
Janet was buying a small loaf of bread; she was so short she had to stretch to pay the woman. 'I'm fine Kate, though I could do with a box to stand on in here. This counter is far too high for me.'
Kate held out her hand for Janet's change and asked, 'Have you heard a child crying near us lately?'
Putting the change in her purse, Janet shook her head. 'No, can't say I have. Maybe someone has visitors, has that silly cat come home yet?'
Kate shook her head and bought two doughnuts. As they walked to the door of the shop, she realised it was raining heavily. Janet fished an umbrella out of her shopping bag and with a quick wave; she toddled up the road looking like a little pixie in her boots and raincoat.
Kate made her way home, looking in every doorway and behind all the bushes and bins. There was no sign of Dylan. She was suddenly upset and tears ran down her face as she willed the missing cat to appear. It was as though she finally knew he was gone for good, and she would never see him again.

Oh, I dare say you will Kate, you are not through with him yet. He is bound to turn up, just when you least expect it...

~~~

Once back indoors, Kate had to change her clothes as she was soaked through and cold. She didn't want to turn on the central heating, so she wrapped herself in her old fleece dressing gown and rubbed some of the water from her hair with a towel. She wandered into the kitchen, intending to put the kettle on for a cup of tea to go with the doughnuts, when something about the cat flap made her stop short.
Something dark was smeared all over the plastic flap. It looked like blood, dripping down the door into a puddle on the floor.
'What the..?' 
She didn't want to look, but knew she must and edged closer. The blood seemed to be all on the inside, she would have to open the back door.
She reached out her hand, but it refused to grasp the handle or the key that was in the lock. She stood, frozen, for what seemed like an age. Desperately wanting to run away but knowing she couldn't, not yet.
It began to filter through to her brain that someone had been in her flat again. Her stomach dropped to her knees, what if whoever it was, was still there, hiding somewhere?
She couldn't do this. Her knees had turned to jelly and there was a real risk of her falling to the floor right where she stood. The smell of the blood was making her feel sick and she knew if she didn't open the door soon, there was a great possibility she never would.
'Get a grip, girl, what's the matter with you?' she said angrily, reaching out for the handle once again. This time she managed to unlock the door and open it, stifling a scream with both hands as she saw what was on the other side of the door.
There was more blood and a lot of blood-soaked silver fur scattered over the doorstep. She knew it was what was left of Dylan but there was nothing she could easily identify. Just bits and pieces as if he had been hacked to pieces.
She stood there staring, not knowing what to do, so she shut the door, hoping her brain would come up with some plan of action all on its own. She should start by checking the flat; although if she found anyone, she knew she could quite easily kill whoever it was. The shock was wearing off, being replaced by an incredible sadness and anger. Who could do such a thing to a defenceless animal, and more to the point, why? What reason could they possibly have?

Maybe he had used up all his lives too, have you thought of that Kate?

What was it with him and all this nonsense about lives?
She finished checking the flat and there was no intruder, but there was a faint smell of cigarette smoke in the living room. Danny! But why would he do this?
She was not looking forward to cleaning up what was left of her beloved old friend. But even as she willed herself to move and take charge of the situation she knew her life had just changed dramatically. There was no way she could stay in the flat any longer than was necessary, even that long would be unbearable.
She filled the bucket with hot soapy water and walked towards the back door. The sight of the blood turned her stomach over and she only just made it back to the sink, heaving up nothing but bile. She retched so many times her muscles began to cramp. With a super human effort, she tried to pull herself together. Dylan deserved that much of her at least, she thought, splashing her face with cold water.


Clearing up took a long time, because she had to stop so many times to wipe her face and blow her nose. There seemed to be far too much blood for one little cat. It was all so unfair, he was her friend. Probably her only friend, as Sam didn't really count, being work related. She would have to tell her soon she would be leaving, and it was going to be awkward, as Kate didn't really want anyone knowing where she was going. She thought of just leaving and not telling anyone but that felt wrong somehow. Sam was relying on Kate to produce exceptional art for her new gallery. 
Anyway, Kate thought she could trust Sam. She had proved herself a good friend in all kinds of circumstances. Depending on where Kate moved to, their relationship was going to be tested to the hilt. Maybe Sam wouldn't want to work with someone who wasn't conveniently located.

Kate tried to make a cup of tea, but her hands were shaking so much, most of the tea and sugar went everywhere. She gave up and sat down on the kitchen stool, her head spinning. She really did feel ill. The room was slowly revolving and she thought there was a chance she might actually faint. Everything she looked at seemed faint and strange. What was that thing you supposed to do, she thought, put your head between your knees?
The thought of bending over or moving in any direction did not seem like a good idea at all.

Oh Kate, what will you do now? You really are too old and tired to do anything, are you not? Maybe you should stay where you are; I do not think there is any point in you doing anything at all, not any more...

The sound of the voice in her head was simply too much. She pulled herself together and managed to stand up and walk to the bedroom. She slammed the door behind her, as if that would keep it away. The noise she made triggered something inside her, and she collapsed on the bed and sobbed her heart out.



Nineteen 

Jack wished he could have been there to see the look on her face when she found what he had done. Imagination was a powerful thing, but no substitute for actually being there.
It wasn't planned either, he had originally intended to wreck a painting or two, just something to get her a bit rattled. But when the blessed cat had started hissing at him the minute he opened the front door he just saw red, quite spoiling his appreciation at finding Kate had not changed the locks. 
He managed to corner the animal in the kitchen and picked it up, stroking its head and ears until loud purring ensued. It was quite a pretty little thing, he thought, with its silver and black fur and green eyes. It was really enjoying being petted.
'Where has all your anger gone now?' he asked, his voice soft and soothing. 'Why aren't you afraid of me anymore, hmm?
The animal looked up at him, green eyes gently opening and closing in some kind of feline ecstasy. When it stretched up and pushed its head against his hand, some secret switch flipped and he slowly tightened his grip around the animals neck. In no time at all the animal was a limp rag in his hands and he knew he wouldn't be able to stop there.
He laid the limp body of the cat on the floor and stared down at it while he decided what he wanted to do. For some inexplicable reason, he decided he wanted to keep the fur so he undressed, removing all of his clothes and making a neat pile of them on the kitchen counter. He found the sharpest knife in the kitchen drawer and tried to teach himself to skin an animal. He had never done it before and didn't manage to remove the skin cleanly or in one piece. There were lumps of fur and blood spilled all over the floor; his hands, arms and legs were glistening red. Who knew a small animal would have so much blood?

It turned out to be quite invigorating, as it happened. The sight and smell of all the blood stimulated him to a frenzy and he thoroughly enjoyed making as much mess as possible.
He knew she thought a lot of the animal, always did have a soft spot for anything small and furry, so she should be suitably distraught. Maybe cause another heart attack if he was lucky. He was still kicking himself for not having enough time to finish her off when she was in the hospital last time.
All things considered though, he didn't really want her dead. It was so much more fun to make her suffer and even more fun to actually watch. Pity he couldn't rig up a camera in here he thought, looking around the bloodied kitchen. Should be really something, pity he wouldn't get to see it. It did, however, give him plenty of new ideas for the future.
He stood up, the frenzy long gone now, replaced by the satisfaction of a job well done. He glanced at his clothes; quickly deciding a shower was in order and walked to the bathroom. He would have to be quick, as he had no idea how much time he had.
He didn't really want her to find him there, as he wanted this game to go on a lot longer. He was nowhere near finished with her yet.

As he left, he noticed an old woman in one of the houses opposite eyeing him suspiciously. That was all he needed, a nosy neighbour. He turned on the full extent of his favourite icy glare and she shot indoors like a frightened rabbit.
He smiled, slightly amused he still had the power to frighten old women, but he had a sneaking suspicion he might have to take care of this particular old woman before she ruined all his plans.



Twenty 

When Kate opened her eyes the next morning, it was several minutes before she remembered the blood. Then the full realisation hit her and her stomach lurched uncomfortably, forcing her to sit up and contemplate doing something. She didn't really want to do anything at all and desperately wished she could forget what had happened. Poor Dylan, he had definitely run out of lives, or someone had decided he had. 
She managed to finish showering with the barest minimum of thinking. The secret she discovered was to concentrate hard on trivial things, but how long could she keep it up?
Trying to comb the tangles from her unruly hair finally managed to destroy the temporary peace in her head, and she could feel the tears were not too far away. She almost found herself wishing she could join Dylan, wherever he was, removing the necessity of having to make all these decisions.
Wiping her eyes, she stared angrily at herself in the mirror. She had to be stronger than that, surely there was plenty of life left in these old bones, wasn't there? She expected the voice to put his two cents in, but he was strangely quiet. She probably knew what he would say anyway. More rubbish about her having lives like a cat. Didn't do Dylan any good though, did it?
The only way you left this world was when someone or something decided your time was up, nothing to do with numbers. She must have several lives left anyway, so no point worrying about any of it just yet.
She decided to wear something old and comfortable, as she had no intention of going out and chose a T-shirt and some baggy joggers. As she walked towards the kitchen, she thought she heard the sound of the cat-flap. Had she forgotten to lock it?
She peeked around the door just in time to see the flap swinging gently. There had to be a breeze, there was no other explanation. It took every ounce of courage she could muster to actually bend down and flip the lock. She had never used the lock before and it was stiff, but she managed, ensuring that nothing could get in.

The plastic rubbish bag with all that was left of Dylan was still sitting by the door. Kate knew she had to put it in the dustbin but somehow couldn't bring herself to do it. It would be too final. She would have liked to bury him somewhere, but not having a garden it was out of the question. Still, the thought was there. He probably didn't care one way or the other now, she thought, imagining him sunning himself in cat heaven without a care in the world.
She wasn't looking forward to telling Janet he had gone and hoped she wouldn't be too upset. It probably wasn't good to get upset at her age. Hell, it wasn't good for her either come to think of it. She had been having a lot of nagging pains in her chest since yesterday. That thought led her to her upcoming hospital check-up. When was it supposed to be?
The calendar was propped inside the cupboard where she kept the plates, and she scanned the page, hoping she hadn't missed the appointment. There it was, 10.30 on Monday. Good thing she checked as she probably would have forgotten all about it.
Now, what was she going to do today? She needed to visit the estate agent in town, didn't she? For a moment, she couldn't remember how you went about moving to a different part of the country. It would help, she thought, if she had some kind of clue as to where she wanted to go. Maybe she could visit the library next week to use one of their computers to research the possibilities. But she knew even as she thought about it her heart was just not in it. She could feel a great deal of apathy descending onto her shoulders, knowing she didn't really want to do anything.
That included Sam's artwork and that wasn't good at all. Whether she moved or not, she still had to eat and pay the bills. She would have to pull herself together somehow and get cracking.
Giving the plastic bag a guilty look, she made a mug of coffee and went to her studio.

The studio smelled stale and unfamiliar. Usually the smell of linseed oil and paint would invigorate Kate, making her eager to explore her imagination. She knew it would be different today, but she would have to summon the inspiration from somewhere. Maybe music would help, so she switched on her iPod. There was quite a mix of many different kinds of music on there and she set the controls to shuffle, hoping one of the pieces would work the oracle.
She opened the window a little, letting in some fresh air and sat down in front of the less than perfect canvas. Nothing had changed in her absence; it was still too gloomy. As she studied the churning waves, the music changed from something pastoral to the dramatic Fingel's Cave, and she felt the adrenaline begin to trickle into her brain. The strength of the music with the power building slowly filled the room and she anticipated the tension as it moved towards the climax.
As she responded to the music, the image in front of her began to change. The dark, menacing waves were still there, but they seemed much higher now, reaching for the cliffs. They smashed against the rocks, sending masses of white foam soaring into the air and she could hear the powerful hiss of the water as it tried to destroy the cliff.
The mug of coffee grew cold and lunchtime came and went, but Kate showed no sign of stopping.

When it was too dark to see what she was doing, Kate stopped painting, cleaned her brush and stretched her arms above her head. In the gloom, the canvas in front of her looked quite amazing.
She could feel the power of the ocean she had painted, even in the fading daylight. She stood up and switched on the light and the impact was exactly what she had wanted to achieve. Sam would like this one, she thought.
Her stomach was growling like a bear and she realised she had not eaten all day. The mug of coffee looked disgusting; the surface congealed and wrinkly.
Kate took the mug into the kitchen and poured the contents down the sink, trying to come up with a tasty idea for her supper. It would have to be a quick idea, for she was feeling faint. Stupid to work through lunch she thought, not a good idea at all.
She made a quick ham sandwich and ate it while she assembled the makings of a proper meal. She fancied a jacket potato and luckily there was just one left that wasn't too old, so she set the microwave running. She grated some cheese and heated the beans, but when it was ready, she couldn't bring herself to eat it. She knew she had to eat something or she would be ill, so she picked half-heartedly at the melting cheese. Then she gave up and scooped it all into the bin.
She retrieved the plastic bag from the floor and changed the one in the pedal bin. The wheelie bin was outside the front door in its own alcove, but far enough away Kate had to step away from the front door to reach it; something she never felt comfortable doing. She always imagined someone was waiting to jump on her and usually wouldn't go out there after dark, but she was determined to get rid of the rubbish. 
Back inside, Kate made sure to lock the door, guiltily remembering that she had promised Sam she would have the locks changed. She had also promised to take her medication, but it was still in the paper bag the hospital had given her. No wonder she felt rotten. If she started taking them now, would she feel any better?
She thought of the appointment at the hospital on Monday, would they know she hadn't been following orders?

As if on cue, the nagging pain in her chest returned, and she suddenly felt exhausted. She could read, but that idea faded as quickly as it came. As she looked at the bookcase in the living room, she noticed there was a street atlas for Surrey on the shelf. Maybe she would find some inspiration between the pages. Some magical destination where she could find peace and freedom.
She discovered Surrey was a big place, she never realised how big. Finding a suitable sanctuary suddenly seemed an impossible idea and she threw the book at the coffee table in her frustration.

Why not give up Kate; you are far too weak to do much of anything. Look at you, what exactly have you achieved lately? If you could just trust me a little more, you would feel so much better. Why not give it a try?

Kate was tired, really tired, but that didn't stop the anger from erupting. She was so sick of his innuendos. If his ambition was to drive her insane, he might just pull it off for he was making her doubt just about everything. She tried to control her temper, as the pain in her chest was threatening to build into a problem. There must be a way she could get rid of the voice once and for all. Whenever she listened to music with an earpiece, she had noticed it tended to leave her alone. Or did it know she might not hear it?
Whichever it was, it was worth investigating and just maybe she could finally organise her life without any of his input.
That thought cheered her up but because she was too tired to think straight, decided on an early night. Maybe tomorrow would be more productive.



Twenty-one

Jack Holland couldn't shake the image of the old woman from his mind. The way she had looked at him replayed repeatedly in his head, making him believe she knew what he was about and what he had done. Normally, he had the greatest respect for old age. If you made it that far, he thought, you must be worth something. But he had not liked the way she had looked at him; knowingly.
What if she mentioned him to Kate? She might just assume some old women sometimes create suspicion in order to make their lonely lives more interesting, but the seeds of worry were growing.
Could she have seen anything else? One sighting might be dismissed, but had she seen him on other occasions too?
He prided himself on always being vigilant on his frequent visits to Kate's flat, but the idea of a nosy old woman unable to sleep at night who might have been at her window had not occurred to him.
Now it ate at him. The old woman's face haunted him; sneered at his stupidity until he was convinced she would tell Kate everything and ruin his chances. He couldn't have that. The thought of Kate finding out and running away from him again was too much to bear and didnt bear thinking about.

It took some careful planning to keep both women under observation and not be seen by either of them, but in a way, he was enjoying himself. He imagined he could be a secret agent on a mission of grave urgency. Down to him to do whatever was necessary to put the world straight.
His world, that is. Nothing or nobody would be allowed to get in the way of his quest to get Kate back to where she had always belonged.
The fact it had been so long now and Kate had shown no sign of missing him, had not entered his mind. It had tried to, but he had dismissed the thought as unworthy of a man in his position. He had to get her back, nothing else would do and he was so desperately tired of waiting. He was also tired of all these interferences and still fervently believed he would win in the end, once he had eliminated every distraction. He would make her need him again, one way or another.

He had invested in a small ex-electricians van, complete with a colourful logo on the side in which to conduct his surveillance. Nobody looked twice at a tradesman's vehicle and he felt less conspicuous than he assumed Kate's brother did, in his shabby old car. He could even sleep in there if the need arose. It was a convenient arrangement and quite fitted his image of detective-hood.

~~~

She was quite a sweet old woman really, he thought. She kept herself busy, popping up to the shops several times a week. Remarkably agile for one of her age, although he suspected she could be a nasty piece of work should the need arise. He had witnessed the way she treated the postman when he tried to post an armload of junk mail through her letterbox. He kept getting a mental picture of one of those small annoying Jack Russell dogs, busily tearing a rabbit to shreds, reminding him he had to be more than careful with this one.
Having to watch two people at the same time was a new experience for him and was proving to be exhausting, as he had no idea what either of them would do. The strain was becoming annoying and he knew he would have to take a risk soon, as he had visions of sitting in the van forever and that wouldn't do at all.

The right time arrived just when he was prepared to risk everything by forcing the situation his way. It was Saturday morning. Kate had gone out, when the old woman's front door opened and she came out with a bucket in her hand and started to clean the windows.
He couldn't believe his luck. It was the perfect scenario, he couldn't have wished for better. He casually crossed the road, looking out for any nosy parkers and quickly slipped inside the open door.
When the old woman came back inside and closed the door, she didn't seem at all surprised to see him sitting in her living room. She just stood quietly in the doorway, waiting for him to speak. 
He was in no hurry to tell her anything, in fact, he might not say anything at all. Pointless anyway, she couldn't possibly understand just how important his mission was. He noticed she was nervously plucking at the handle of the bucket, trying not to look at him. It was almost as though she knew why he was there, but that was ridiculous, wasn't it?
After what seemed like an eternity, the old woman finally moved. She walked past him to the kitchen and he heard her rinse out the bucket and put it away.
He stood up and followed her, grabbing her by the elbows and throwing her to the floor. He had no real plan of action, no thought as to how to be rid of her, and he had no idea how strong an old woman could be. He had fantasied the mere sight of him might have done it, but she was looking up at him, fiercely defiant blue eyes determined to see through whatever was coming. He took her head in his hands and contemplated crushing her skull. It didn't feel strong. Her hair was soft against his skin and he paused for a moment.
Shame about this, old girl, but no good ever came of being nosy, now did ithmm?
Then the sweet old woman with the soft hair and defiant eyes became an obstacle once more, something that had to be removed.
He closed his eyes and lifted her head away from the blue patterned lino. Her hands were clutching desperately at his sleeves, fluttering like baby birds wings. He thought of Kate, and how much he missed her; and the familiar mist seeped into his brain as he pounded the old woman's head against the floor repeatedly until her eyes closed and she stopped breathing. He left her lying there and went back to his van.



Twenty-two

Saturday morning arrived and Kate felt better than she had for quite a while. The pain in her chest had gone and she felt more like her old self. A little optimism was creeping in which she found most welcome. She had never been a miserable person, despite her turbulent life and the thought she might have nothing else to look forward to was depressing in itself.
But today was more like it. She felt in control for the first time in ages. Even her first cup of tea tasted wonderful and she enjoyed every drop as she ran through what options she could think of to take full advantage of the fine day that had been presented to her. Shopping was high on the list for both the cupboards and fridge were practically empty. She should telephone Sam with a progress report and possibly make a start on canvas number three. She idly wondered if the library was open on a Saturday and mentally decided to check when she was in town.
After an invigorating shower, Kate started to make a shopping list and wrote down cat food without thinking. As she looked at the words, the sharp pain sliced through the chest and she had to sit down. 'Oh Dylan, I miss you so much,' she said, and her eyes filled with tears. She sat, waiting, but the pain had gone, leaving an ache behind. She blew her nose and went back to the shopping list. 
It suddenly occurred to her the voice was being a bit quiet and hoped it was a good sign.

The weather was trying desperately to match her mood.  It was early in September, but the trees showed no sign of the approaching autumn. Gentle sunlight and a light breeze made the walk to town a pleasant one. The library wasn't open, so it would have to wait until next week. As she went past the estate agent, one of the men inside looked up at her from his desk, and for a split second looked so familiar. He had dark curly hair, greying at the temples, but she couldn't see his eyes properly as he was wearing glasses. She walked on, deep in thought to the supermarket.
Later that morning, after getting back home with several bags of shopping, the image of Michael slipped into her mind and she found herself imagining what he would look like now. She stopped, with a packet of frozen peas in her hand, and realised it might have been him. 'Don't be daft, why on earth would it be?'  She shook her head, as if to dislodge the notion and carried on putting away the groceries.

I think you know it was him, Kate. So, now what will you do? This will need some serious thought, will it not?

Kate might have known the voice would have something to say. He never usually missed an opportunity to snipe at her.
She rang Sam, and even though Kate had only completed two canvases, made arrangements for lunch on Sunday for a preview. Perhaps she should get a bottle of wine, or something nice for lunch.

Good idea Kate, then you can have another look at him, can you not?

She ignored him; reluctant to show any interest in his comment, but her heart was beginning to race just a little. Perhaps she could check on Janet as she was passing?
When Kate crossed the street on her way to see if Janet was in, she noticed the old green car was still there. Was that one more thing to worry about, she thought?
Although she waited patiently at Janet's door, the old woman did not appear. She must be out, or having a nap, maybe she would see her in town.

As Kate drew nearer to the estate agent, her stomach was churning and she desperately wanted to walk the other way. What was she thinking? It couldn't possibly be Michael, not here in Guildford. She always imagined him happily married and living the high life in London. After all, he was a good-looking man; women would fall over themselves to grab him.

Like you should have done Kate, if you knew what was good for you. What am I saying, of course you do not, never have done. But do you listen to me...

Something about the voice made her more determined than ever to beat it once and for all, thats if she had any kind of clue as to how to do it.
She suddenly realised she was standing outside the estate agents and the picture of a picturesque cottage was right in front of her.  It was too expensive, she thought, buying anything like that was out of the question, she had never had that kind of money and wasn't about to end up in debt at her time of life. Perhaps they had rental properties too. 
Her eyes began to focus past the pictures in the window and she looked at the staff, who were all trying to look busy. Michael wasn't one of them, at least she couldn't see him, but he could be at lunch. There was an empty desk near the back of the shop; maybe it was his.
Her feet moved to walk inside and she went with them, safe in the knowledge there would be no embarrassing moment. Not if she was quick. She walked near the empty desk, looking for a nameplate or other identifying piece of evidence. There was nothing. Then a soft female voice behind her asked if there was something she could help with, and Kate turned around, fully intending to ask about rental properties.
The woman who had spoken was quite short and Kate had a clear view of the man who had come up behind her. 
'It's okay, Juliet. This this lady is here to see me. Hello Kate. Long time no see.'
Kate's knees had turned to jelly, how was she still standing up? It was definitely Michael, older, a lot older, but still attractive. He wasn't wearing his glasses today and the familiar blue eyes had the effect they always had. She instantly felt she was the most important part of his life. How could he still do that, after all this time?
He took her by the elbow and steered her towards a chair. 
'Fancy meeting you here of all places, Kate.  I've only just been seconded down here as they were short staffed. Funny how fate intervenes, don't you think? You must tell me all about yourself. How are you and what are you doing these days?'
She stared at him, her mind a complete blank. Think of something to say, she thought, or he will think you're senile. But try as she might, her brain was on strike. What were you supposed to say to someone who had broken your heart so many years ago?

Oh come on Kate, you know what you should do. Just say goodbye and walk out of his life and don't look back.

But he was looking at her the way he always did, and the magic had not died. Not even dimmed. She knew she was lost, so why try to go through the motions of being offended, or even hateful. What would be the point? He probably wasn't free anyway, so there was no harm in talking to him, was there?
'Somehow, you look the same Michael. How are you really?'
'Oh, I'm fine. Getting older but nothing I can't handle. Was there something you need, or did you know I was here? His eyes twinkled, reducing her nether regions into a pile of jelly babies.
'I was contemplating finding somewhere to rent. Is that something you do here? She said, trying to hold on to her sanity.
He glanced at his watch. 'Look, why don't we discuss things over lunch; less formal than sitting here like any other customer.'
She remembered nodding slowly, but nothing else, and before she knew it, they were sitting in a quiet public house and there was a glass of white wine in front of her. Michael was looking at her as if waiting for the answer to a question.
'I'm sorry, did you say something?'
'I asked if you were well Kate, you look amazing, so I suppose the answer is yes.'
Kate picked up the glass of wine and took a sip, contemplating what to tell him, if anything at all. Something was telling her not to say anything and surprisingly it was her own idea. As she sat there looking at him, a frisson of annoyance nagged at her. How could he calmly sit there, looking gorgeous, as if they had no traumatic history between them. Had he forgotten he hurt her so badly it took years to heal? Added to that, the trouble with her ex-husband had turned Kate off any romantic encounters for life and there had been no one in her life since.
He was being patient, she thought. He must think she was too old to think straight, and maybe she shouldn't enlighten him.
She declined any food, intending to keep the meeting short but he kept studying her and asking questions, obviously hoping one of them would make her talk.
She had fantasised about meeting him again, how they would be as wonderful together as they had been before, but somehow it didn't feel right. He had no right to think she was still his for the taking.
He was talking again. '... must be something you can tell me about your life, is Jack still in the picture?'
So, he knew about Jack, what else did he know about her? 'No, I divorced him in 1976 and there is no one else.' Why had she said that?
He smiled at her, his whole face lighting up like a little boy on firework night. 'So, what have you been doing with the rest of your life, Kate?'
How can he just sit there as if they were old friends? She should hate him, and part of her probably did. She suddenly realised this meeting was not a good idea, and it was time to go home. 'I paint', she said and went to stand up. 'I have to go now, I have things to do.'
He stood up and moved behind her chair, his hands brushing gently over the back of her coat as she stood up. She had to use all of her willpower to keep moving.
'I might pop in tomorrow, to look at some properties. It was nice to see you again, Michael. Goodbye.'
His face was a picture. So many thoughts and emotions were flitting across his features, but he said nothing, just smiled forlornly at her. 'See you tomorrow, then Kate.'



Twenty-three

On the way home, Kate picked up some lamb chops and some white wine for her lunch with Sam, inwardly still trying not to be angry with Michael. Who did he think he was? Regardless of the fact him turning up was something she had dreamed of for years, he still had the cheek of the devil.

There was an ambulance outside Janet's house and Kate's heartbeat accelerated as she walked towards it, wondering who it was for. As she drew closer, she saw Janet's door was open and as she watched, a paramedic in a reflective yellow striped jacket was wheeling Janet out of her house in a wheelchair. She appeared to be asleep, her face pale but peaceful. What had happened?
She approached the ambulance. 'Hello, how is Mrs Goldman? I'm her neighbour.'
The paramedic stopped for a second and looked at her. 'The old dear took a tumble and we're just taking her in to be checked over.'
'How did she tumble, she has no stairs?' Kate asked.
'She must have been up on a chair, there was one overturned when we turned up.'  He grinned at her and climbed into the back of the ambulance. 'She'll be fine, see if she's not.'
Kate had the strangest feeling Janet would not be 'fine'.  She was far too old to be taking a tumble.

She decided to spend the rest of the day in her studio, after she had something to eat and if Janet wasn't home by tomorrow morning, she would go and see how she was.
The rest of the afternoon was spent preparing the next canvas. This one was going to be a night scene, with the moonlight like a pathway across the water. That was the plan anyway, but that sometimes changed as her paintbrush often had a mind of its own.
As the afternoon faded into early evening, Kate found herself thinking about Michael a little more fondly than she had that morning. She had almost seemed rude, hadn't she?  God knows what he made of it.
She was in the kitchen, waiting for the kettle to boil, when there was a knock at the front door. Who could have that be, she thought, wondering if it was something to do with Janet.

Now, who could be visiting you, Kate? Not expecting anyone, are you? Or are you?

Kate's heart was in her mouth as she opened the door to find Michael standing there with a small bunch of carnations clutched to his chest. She almost choked, and her first instinct was to slam the door on him, but for some strange reason, she could not.
'I have come to apologise, Kate. I shouldn't have carried on as though nothing was wrong between us. No wonder you had nothing to say. Please let me in, so we can start again and talk properly.'
She glared at him. 'How do you know where I live?'
'I felt so bad after you left, I had to find you so I could apologise in person. I had no way of knowing if you would even turn up tomorrow.'
'But how did you know where I live?'
He had the grace to look sheepish. 'I looked you up on the electoral roll. Lucky you still use your old name, or I would never have found you.'
Kate still hesitated, unsure whether to let him in or not. This was her private space; did she really want him touching everything?

You mean touching you, Kate. Could you really let him do that, after what he did? Or have you forgiven him already?

She already knew she would let him in, the effect he had on her was the same as ever, regardless of the history between them. 'You had better come in then,' she said, standing aside so he could pass. 'But don't think I have forgiven you, because I haven't.'
He turned and offered her the flowers. 'They're not a peace offering Kate; I just thought you would like them.'
She tried to accept them gracefully, knowing she would prefer wrap them around his neck, and made her way to the kitchen to put them in water.
He stood in the doorway watching her, and it all seemed the most natural thing in the world, as if he had done exactly that dozens of times before.
It suddenly occurred to her just how much she resented him showing up on her doorstep.
'Nice place you have here, Kate. Been here long?'
Why did she automatically think he already knew the answer to that?
'Not long really', she said, non-committedly. 'And I will soon be moving on, anyway'.
He smiled, but was there just a hint of nervousness in his smile? Was it possible he was a little unsure of his reception? Surely not, not Michael.
He nodded at the back door. 'What happened to the cat?'
The hair on the back of her neck twitched and it was all she could do not to march up to him and slap his face hard. 'Why assume something happened to my cat? He could be sleeping in another room.'
His smile vanished, and she could see he was trying to think of a suitable answer. Whatever he said, she wouldn't believe a word.  It was as if he knew what happened to Dylan, but how? The possibilities that presented themselves didn't bear thinking about, but she knew something was wrong. Nobody would say a thing like that by chance.
'Come on Michael, say something to convince me you meant nothing sinister.'
'I don't know why I said that, Kate. Maybe I picked up on something. The way you are carrying on, something did happen to the cat. What was it? 
The cheek of the man took her breath away, just as well for she had no intention of telling him anything.
'It doesn't matter, come and sit down and tell me the real reason you showed up here tonight?'
He followed her out the kitchen but paused outside her studio. 'Can I have a look?'
The door was open, so he already had a good look in her opinion. She leaned past him and closed the door. 'I would rather you didn't, if you don't mind,' she said, not caring she came across as more than a little angry.
He had the grace to look surprised, but what exactly did he expect? Had he forgotten how badly he had let her down, not to mention walking out on the child they had made together?
Her temper finally snapped and she turned on him angrily. 'Don't bother getting comfortable, Michael. I want you to leave, now.'
'But...'
'No buts, did you really think I would fall into your arms again? You must be even more stupid than I thought.  Please, just go.'
For a moment, he managed to look so sad, but if that was supposed to mean anything to her, he was badly mistaken. Even though a small part of her still loved him, an even bigger part resented him for turning up like this, assuming she would forgive and forget.  She hadn't been able to do it then, and certainly wasn't about to do it now.
Kate went to open the front door, desperate to get him out of her flat.  Just as well she was leaving, as the thought he knew where to find her was annoying her a lot more than she thought it would.
'Can't we just talk about this, Kate,' he said, trying to look sheepish.
She came up to him and shoved him not too gently towards the door. 'Go away Michael, I don't want you here.'
As he walked away, she waited for him to turn around, to appeal to her one more time. But he didn't, he kept on walking and for a split second it was all so sad she felt like crying. The familiar smell of his cologne lingered, even here, out in the fresh air. It suddenly seemed all too familiar. 
She noticed he didn't appear to have come by car. If he had, it must be parked well away from her street. Why would he do that?

As Kate stood on the doorstep, she noticed there were no lights showing at Janet's house. Did that mean she was still in the hospital?  She would have to ring them in the morning and find out what was going on.
She didn't feel in the least like painting, but she went to the studio and stared at the canvas. Maybe she should work on it a bit more, after all Sam was coming for lunch tomorrow and the more progress she could see, the better. And it might help to get all thoughts of Michael out of her head, so maybe she would have no trouble sleeping tonight.
She tried to empty her mind of him as she spent the next few hours pushing paint onto the canvas, but one question kept rattling around in her head. Why had he assumed something happened to her cat?  It might have just been a coincidence; after all, there was a cat flap in the back door. It could have been for the previous tenant's cat. It was almost as if he knew something bad had happened, but how could he have done?

She decided to call it a night when her arm was so stiff she could hardly hold the paintbrush. Canvas number three was almost finished and Kate really liked the way this one was turning out. Probably because it was such a peaceful, serene scene, it had gone a long way to soothing the savage beast Michael had awakened with his impromptu visit.



Twenty-four 

Michael Barratt was having trouble believing just how stupid he had been. After all this time, after all his searching, what had possessed him to come on so strong and ruin whatever slim chance he had with Kate. He might have known time and distance would not mellow her in the slightest, that she would be as stubborn as ever.
It was always the way he was with her, never thinking before he spoke, always rushing headlong into stupidity. And the worst of it was he couldn't think of a single way to improve matters between them. She was right to be angry after the way he had behaved. Again.
To this day, he still didnt know why he had run away the minute he knew about the baby. Of course it was his. Enough time had passed for him to try and figure out what he had thought was wrong, but he was no smarter now than he was then, as only an idiot would have risked his one chance by behaving so stupidly.
Why did he think time might have changed things? It had probably made it even more of a mess if anything.
There was a moment; he knew there was, when the Kate he knew so well had surfaced. Not for long though, she had pulled back into her shell in a flash, but not before he had a glimpse of how she really felt about him.
That tiny spark, that glimpse of what could still be gave him hope. More hope than he deserved, he thought wryly. But no matter, he would grasp whatever crumbs were going.
He had thought he had lost Kate forever when she had suddenly vanished from his fathers house all those years ago. He even had the gall to ask him where she had gone, that's how desperate he was. His father must have sensed it too, for he was uncharacteristically civil towards him, even though he didn't know where she had gone either.
The old boy had looked so lonely and sad, Michael almost felt sorry for him. But something still kept the normal father and son relationship at bay, and he walked away without once looking back.

When he found out she had married Jack Holland he became badly depressed, feeling all hope was gone, he had hidden himself away believing there was no point in anything anymore. He couldn't remember how long that state of mind had lasted but it seemed like a long lonely time, where all he could think of was losing the one and only good thing he had ever found.
Gradually, he remembered starting to worry about Kate. Was she really happy? Did this Jack Holland treat her right? This only served to make Michael feel worse, for even if this man was hurting her there was nothing he could do about any of it, as he didn't have a clue where she was.
Eventually he managed to pull himself out of his depression and started to look for her. He had no other clue than the surname and this turned out to be no help at all. It was almost as though this Jack Holland didn't exist and the fact he obviously did, meant he must have changed his name and at that realisation, the alarm bells started clanging.

His job as an estate agent came in handy, as he could move around to different areas quite easily. It also gave him access to property records, although they turned out to be no help either. But he started to systematically travel around the south of England, giving himself six months in each location to check out every living soul in the neighbourhood.
He thought he caught glimpses of Kate as he made his rounds, but it was never her. He found himself looking at children, wondering if one of them was his son.
Sometimes women would mistake his interest for something more, but no matter how attractive they were, or how accommodating, he always politely declined their offers. Kate had become an obsession, but it was one he would live with, in the absence of the real thing.  Even though the thought of what he had thrown away still cut deep like a knife.

The day she walked into the estate office in Guildford, his heart seemed to stop beating. It was all he could do to breathe and appear normal, when he felt like shouting the place down with all the joy he felt at the sight of her. He never doubted it was she; it couldn't possibly be anyone else. The proud way she held herself, the uncontrollable hair still wild but now streaked with silver and the way she looked at him, daring him to speak to her.
But she gave herself away with all the hesitations and awkward pauses, could it be she had actually missed him? Against all hope, he wondered if she could possibly still love him?
Their meeting was short-lived and Kate all but ran away from him again. She said she would come back the next day but he had no intention of waiting that long. He found her address easily enough when he realised she was probably using her maiden name and when he later turned up at her flat, flowers in hand, he knew his suspicions were right. She was nervous, trying desperately to keep him at arms length. But the chemistry was still there, he could feel it crackling in the air like electricity between them.



Twenty-five

The next morning, Kate tried to telephone the hospital, but because she was not related to Janet, all they would say was she was as comfortable as could be expected; which could mean just about anything.
So she grabbed her coat and headed for the high Street. If she was lucky, she could grab a taxi, to save herself a long walk.
Half an hour later, she was trying to find out what happened to Janet Goldman in the emergency department of the local hospital.
Eventually, she managed to discover where she was, and approached the hospital bed with a great deal of trepidation.
The old woman was propped up on a pile of pillows, but her eyes were closed. The sides of the bed were raised and Kate assumed it was to stop Janet from falling out. Did that mean she was unconscious?
Unsure of hospital protocol, Kate went looking for whoever was in charge. It should be someone in a dark blue uniform, if her memory served her right.
She found just such a person, a diminutive woman who didn't look strong enough to blow her own nose, let alone reason with the old man in pyjamas who was desperately trying to pour the contents of his water jug all over his bed.
Kate waited until the Ward sister had the situation under control and piled in with her questions.
The ward sister might not look strong, but the scrutiny Kate was subjected to would definitely sort out the men from the boys. When she had ascertained Kate was indeed harmless she proceeded to answer the only question she thought mattered.  'Mrs Goldman is barely stable but unconscious. A bump on the head is quite serious in one of her years.'
Not to be put off, Kate asked one of her questions again. 'Will she be all right?'  Knowing even as she asked, it was probably in God's hands.
The ward sister smiled, and Kate had the distinct impression she had just passed a test of some kind. 
'All we can do is hope for the best, dear, does she have any family?'
'No, I'm afraid not. It's just me. Can I give you my telephone number, in case she needs anything when she wakes up?'
The Ward sister nodded and her lack of words said more than Kate could bear at that moment. Was she about to lose another friend, so soon after Dylan?

Sam arrived promptly at 1 o'clock, looking rather smart in a French navy trouser suit, her dark hair immaculate as always. Kate was putting the final touches to the lunch, so Sam went to inspect the canvases in the studio. She was so long in there Kate was getting worried. What if she didn't like them?
Hearing a noise, Kate turned around to find Sam watching her as she assembled the food on the plates. Sam's face gave no clue as to her reaction to the art and Kate felt awkward about asking.
Sam took one look at her face and laughed. 'Oh Kate, you don't have to look so worried. I love them all, they are absolutely brilliant. There is just one problem though.'
Kate stomach clenched and she suddenly had trouble breathing. She must have gone pale, for Sam rushed to her side and put her arm around her shoulders. 'No, it's nothing bad, you silly. It's just that I'm going to need a lot more than I initially thought. The new gallery is huge.'
Relief flooded through Kate, then doubled back on itself.  'How much more, Sam?'
'As many as you can get done in three weeks. We open at the end of September.  Is that a problem, Kate?'
Kate carried the plates to the table and offered Sam the corkscrew to open the wine.
'Not a problem as such; and I'll do the best I can of course. It's just I am thinking of moving, that's all.'
Sam stared at her. 'Where did that idea come from? I thought you were happy here?'
Kate took a deep breath, knowing what would happen next.  'Michael turned up here last night,' she said, waiting for the fireworks. But all was silence. She looked up at Sam and was dismayed to see her good friend and agent was clearly upset.
'It's all right, I got rid of him. No harm done.'
Sam put down her fork, and blew her nose on a tissue.  Then she took a small sip of wine. Finally, she looked at Kate. 'What's going on, Kate?'
What was the matter with her, Kate thought. Michael wasn't that much of a problem; was he?'

You still do not understand, do you Kate? There is a good reason your friend would not welcome the news that Michael Barratt is back in your life Think about it

What was he talking about now?
'I ran into him in town, he's been seconded to the local estate agents. I never expected him to turn up here. Turns out he knows his way around the electoral roll and thought he would come and visit. I chucked him out, of course.'
'You did?'
'Don't look so surprised, I am well over him these days. What with everything else that has been going on, I need him turning up like a hole in my head.'
Sam's face quickly changed from upset to worry. 'What else has been going on, Kate?'
Suddenly, Kate didn't want to be reminded about Dylan, not in the middle of lunch. 'Maybe we should eat first?'
'That good, is it?'
Kate shrugged, and they ate the rest of the meal in silence.

Sam pushed her plate away from her and her concern was written all over her face. 'It's no good, Kate. You have to tell me what's been going on.'
Kate secretly agreed, but still couldn't put into words. It would be like her hands were covered in Dylan's blood all over again.  But Sam was insisting, she would have to grit her teeth and get it over with.
Once she started, it became easier and before she knew it, she had told Sam all about the crying child, the dumped car, and Janet's accident. The annihilation of Dylan and the meeting with Michael, and how he seemed to know practically everything about her, despite not having seen her for years.
Sam listened in silence, glancing at her every few minutes, almost as though she was checking up on her.  Maybe she thought she was about to keel over again Kate thought, even though that had not occurred to her. 
When it looked as though Kate had finally spilled all the beans, Sam stood up and went to fill the kettle. 'This calls for coffee, and a great deal of thinking,' she said.

At least one of you is thinking sensiblypity it is not you, Kate

Kate wasn't sure she agreed with him. Talking was not going to make any of it go away.  It did feel good to have company though; she didn't feel so completely alone for once. 
Sam plonked two mugs of strong coffee on the table and said, 'Right. First things first. Are you sure Michael got the message?'
Kate nodded. 'I think so. I tried to make it clear...'
'That's the reason you want to leave here, is it?'
'Partly. But it's everything really. The intruder started it and the rest... This place is just not mine any more, it feels dirty, spoiled somehow.'
Sam looked sympathetic.  'I know what you mean. I don't think I would want to stay here anymore either. But we have to sort all this out and get organised.  What have you done so far?'
Kate had to admit she had done nothing. The visit to the estate agent didn't really count.
'I wonder...'  Sam said slowly. Would you like to live with me for a while we sort everything out? You could catch up on the artwork and look for a special place without having to rush. You need to take things slowly Kate, you look tired. How are you really feeling, by the way?'
Kate had to admit she felt dreadful and wasn't looking forward to the hospital appointment the following day.
She thought about Sam's proposal. Would that work, even temporarily?  She wasn't used to anyone making plans for her or trying to take care of her. It felt a bit odd, to say the least.
Kate desperately wanted to be somewhere safe, somewhere Michael didn't know about, but she worried about her neighbour. Janet would need someone for a while until she recovered properly.
Was she being completely honest about Michael? She knew that a small part of her had responded to his presence, she still wasn't sure if it was real or just loneliness that triggered it. She had loved him for so long, despite what he had done, making every excuse in the book for him. But maybe she had been fooling herself all these years.

Just like he has been fooling you, Kate. Forget him for once and all, if you have any idea of what is good for you. Not sure if moving in with your lady friend is a good idea though...

What was that? What did he mean? Kate suddenly felt nauseous and the room began to spin, slowly at first, then faster. The pain was back in her chest and she was having trouble breathing. Oh no, not again.
'Kate, what is it, what's the matter?'
Sam's voice seemed to be coming from a long way off as Kate felt herself slide of the chair onto the floor. 
Then someone turned all the lights off.



Twenty-six

The next time Kate opened her eyes, she was back in a hospital bed, the all too familiar wires attached to various parts of her body. Surprisingly, she didn't feel too bad, probably better than she had a right to, she thought, thinking of all the unopened medication.
Kate felt stupid and more than a little angry with herself for not doing as she had been instructed. It had been for her own good and it had been foolish to ignore all the warning signs. The thought of owning up to a doctor was making her want to hide beneath the sheets, but they probably encountered ungrateful people like her all the time.
She was in a room all by herself and was grateful. There was no one to pretend to sympathise with, or smile at encouragingly. She was beginning to sound like a grouch and she supposed that was exactly what she was. Getting older had not improved her demeanour in the slightest and she was constantly surprised there were still a few people who seemed to like her. Her thoughts shifted to Sam, and she suddenly remembered she had been there when she collapsed. Now, that was a situation to strain the bonds of any friendship and Kate was sorry to have inflicted it on her friend and agent. She had tried over the years to maintain a business relationship with Sam, and it had proved harder to do than she thought. She knew Sam was fond of her, but always imagined that was just the way Sam was. It couldn't be anything more than that; could it?

Finally, the penny drops

Unbidden memories flooded into her brain and for the first time Kate actually saw the clues had been there all along. Like the time they had both been a little drunk at an art exhibition and found themselves kissing at the end of the evening. She remembered it had been embarrassing at the time, but these things happen when you had too much to drink, didn't they?
Although Kate knew about female relationships, she had never felt that way about Sam. But had Sam felt like about her and she just hadn't noticed?
Thanks to her mother's influence, Kate had grown up thinking badly about men and women. When Michael had seduced her in her youth, it felt right, she was sure it had. But when she was with Jack, she resented every advance he made, thinking it had something to do with Michael. That maybe she wasn't really over him and it was ruining any chance she had with her husband.
The fact Jack was not a nice person had a lot to do with it, she was sure, but could there be another reason?
She could not imagine feeling that way about a woman and Sam didn't look like the type either. They were just like sisters, weren't they?

You keep hiding from the truth, Kate. It has not done you much good so far, has it?
I see they have patched you up yet again; you must be nearly out of lives by now ...

There he goes again with his insinuations. What was that all about?

The door slid open and the surgeon she met last time walked into the room, smiling at her. That must be a good sign she thought, would he be smiling if he were mad at her?
'Good morning, Kate. How are we feeling today?'
She didn't quite know how 'we' felt, yet she was still breathing so she supposed she was much the same as usual. 'You tell me doctor; I don't even remember coming here this time.'
Why was he still smiling benevolently at her?  Maybe he didn't know she hadn't followed his instructions.
'Well, your heart needed another jump start last night, which was surprising, considering the meds you are on. You have been taking everything as prescribed?'
Oh God, she thought. What do I do now? Should I be honest or plead ignorance? Not that it would make much difference now, was it? Although by the look of things, she was going to have to start taking the wretched things if she was getting a bit short on lives.
She just nodded. It wasn't exactly lying, was it?
'What's the verdict doc, how long do I have?'
He looked up from her chart, unsure what to make of her attempt at humour. Obviously, he thought medicine was a serious business. Then he grinned at her. 'I don't know, another 20 years suit you?'
Now who was being funny? 'What do you mean?'
He clipped her chart to the bar at the bottom of the bed and moved towards the door. 'If you take your meds and exercise a little bit more, you should have at least 20 years left. It's good you have stopped smoking, by the way. That will help a lot.'
How did he know? Could he tell just by looking at her?

As the door slammed shut behind him, she contemplated getting up but what to do about all these wires. Just as she determined to take them all off herself, a young nurse with blonde hair scraped back into one of those modern plaits came through the door. 'I was just going to remove all those', she said, plucking all the sticky pads from Kate's chest. 'Then you can have a shower before the lunch comes round. I think you have some visitors out there too.'
Visitors; that meant more than one. Panic woke up and she wondered who else was out there. Maybe she was mistaken, there couldn't be anyone else. 

For once, there was some shower gel in the bathroom and the water pressure was great. She noticed she had been shaved down below and there was a sore spot in her groin, so they must have had fun last night, she thought, feeling guilty.
Kate decided to get dressed, assuming she could go home later that day. She was surprised at just how well she felt. All the light-headedness that had plagued her of late was gone and she was grateful. She made a silent promise to take every pill they gave her, as she didn't want to turn up here again. She might not be so lucky next time. She thought of poor Sam, having to cope with all of it, that was no way to treat a friend, was it?

After lunch, the first of the visitors started arriving, and she saw Sam among the people in the hall, just before she pushed open the door with a worried expression on her face.
This expression soon changed for the better, as she looked Kate over. 'You look amazing; Kate; how are you feeling?' She hugged Kate and kissed her cheek. 'You had me so worried last night. They rushed you here and took you away somewhere I couldn't follow. I had no idea what was going on.'
Kate looked at her friend, observing she looked worse than she did at the moment. 'I'm sorry Sam, so sorry for everything.'
'Doesn't matter now, you look fine, so I presume they fixed you up again?'
Kate nodded, suddenly conscious Sam had put her arms around her and a memory was trying to make its way to the front of her brain, something about Sam and someone crying.
'By the way, Kate, what does this Michael look like?'
As Kate described him, Sam shook her head. 'No, it's not him. Too scruffy, for a start...'
Kate instantly knew whom she was talking about. But what was Danny doing here, and how the hell did he know?
'Sounds like my brother, Danny. Did he say anything?'
'No, he didn't. I don't think he knows who I am, does he?'
Kate couldn't remember if they had ever met, probably not.
'I don't want to see him, Sam. There's no point really, I'll be going home soon.'
This was obviously an awkward scenario for Sam. Kate could almost see her starting to squirm with embarrassment.
'You know I don't like to interfere with family Kate, you'll have to tell him yourself.'
Kate had the feeling all of this had been discussed before, so why couldn't she remember any of it?
If this memory loss was down to getting old, she didn't approve at all. How was she supposed to sort her life out if she couldn't remember half of it?
The missing memory was still bothering her and she knew she would have to have serious talk with Sam about it, as something told her it was important.
Just then, the door swung open and her brother's stupid grin followed him in. 'Wow Kate, I think you must like this place or something. Here again so soon?'
He looked around the room. 'Not so shabby, and who exactly is this,' nodding towards Sam.
'This is Sam, my agent and we need to talk. So will you please go away?'  It probably wouldn't work, but Kate tried anyway.
Danny just grinned at her and sat on the end of the bed. He looked better than she had seen him in quite a while. His clothes looked clean, his hair too. Just what was he up to these days?
She wasn't about to ask him, if she engaged him in a conversation she would never get rid of him. As it was, she was probably going to have to be quite rude to get him to leave.
'Just wanted to see if you were okay, Sis. You know me, always looking out for you.'
Yeah right, she thought. Not noticed much of that going on over the years and she still didn't know if it was him who had stolen her cigarettes. It did look as though he had turned over some kind of new leaf, but she hoped she wasn't the purpose of it all.
'Well, you have seen me now and I'm fine. So you can crawl back under whatever rock you came from, okay?  And before you go, why is your car parked near my flat?'
'Curiosity killed the cat, Kate.'
There it was again, the little boy lost face. Did he really think it was in any way affective?
She continued to stare at him, determined not to give him any leeway, no reason to hang around. She didn't even want to know what he meant by his remark, even though the thought he had something to do with Dylan's death made her blood run cold.
'Just go away, Danny.'
He stood up and smiled at her, trying hard not to let his disappointment show, but failing miserably. He walked out of the room without another word.

Sam had been quiet all the time Danny had been in the room. An awkward situation, but she didn't want to leave Kate alone with him. She wasn't absolutely sure it was Danny who had broken into Kate's flat either or what his motives were for hanging around.
'Some character, your brother,' she said, deciding to make some kind of comment, despite her usual reticence.
'Harmless enough, I suppose,' said Kate, wondering again why he turned up. 'I wonder how he always seems to know?'
Changing the subject, Sam asked when she would be allowed to go home. 'It might not be a good idea to go back to your flat, you know, not straight away.'
Kate looked at her friend, deep in thought. Was it a good idea, she wondered? When there was no persuasive comment from the voice, she realised if she didn't go home, she may never set foot there again. She hated it there and wanted to leave, but was she ready to run away? No, she wasn't.
'I have to go home, Sam. I have to organise my life and make plans for my future. After all, they have just told me I may actually have one.'
Again, she waited for a comment from the voice. Surely he had something to say, what about her nine lives?
She stood up and walked to the door. 'I'll just go and see if I can leave, then you can give me a lift home.'
Sam nodded, but looked troubled as though she still didn't think it was a good idea.
'Don't worry Sam, I'm fine, honestly I am.'
'Does that mean you will be taking the medication this time then?'
Kate was surprised Sam had put it so bluntly and wondered why she seemed to care so much. Was she simply worried about losing an artist, or was there another reason? The memory that had tried to surface earlier had another go at making itself known and she found herself remembering a time she had cried in Sam's arms. Must have been that awful time when she left Jack.
As the door closed behind her, Kate realised she had not answered Sam's question. Of course she was going to take them, she would be stupid not to, and was definitely stupid not taking them in the first place. She didn't really want to die, did she? Or was she still under the delusion she couldn't?

Always best to hedge your bets, Kate. That way you get no surprises

Trying to get the all clear so she could go home took the best part of an hour, and Sam insisted on taking Kate for a meal before taking her home. Before they left the hospital, Kate suddenly remembered Janet and wondered how she was or if she was even at home yet.
A polite middle-aged man at the hospital reception desk tracked Janet down on a computer screen and frowned as he read the details. 'Is Mrs Goldman a relative?' he said politely.
'No, but I am all she has now. What family she had died years ago.'
'Well, I'm not really supposed to give out any information unless you are related.'
Kate was having trouble keeping her temper; even though she knew it was hospital policy.
Sam stepped up to the desk. 'This woman has just had treatment following a heart attack. All she wants to know is whether Mrs Goldman is still here or has she gone home?'
The man studied Kate for a minute and must have decided to dump the rules, but she was not prepared for what he said next.
'I'm afraid Mrs Goldman died on Sunday afternoon. She never regained consciousness. I am sorry for your loss.'
Kate felt the dizziness threatening to return, and grasped the edge of the desk. How could Janet have died? She just bumped her head, that didn't kill you, did it, even if you were old?
'I don't understand. Is there somebody who can explain it to me? All she had was a bump on the head.'
The man studied the computer screen again. According to this, there was severe trauma to Mrs Goldman's head. Far more than would have resulted from a fall.'
Sam led Kate to a chair, and vaguely heard her thank the man for his help.
Kate couldn't think straight. She kept seeing Janet and Dylan lying together on her kitchen floor, covered in blood. What was going on? Was she supposed to have been next?

They decided to go straight home after all, and Sam made coffee and toast for them both. It suddenly occurred to Kate it was Monday, shouldn't Sam be at work? She knew being your own boss was more flexible than working for someone else, but felt guilty she might be keeping her from something important and said so.
'At the moment, Kate, there is nothing more important than you.'
There was that memory again, still no clearer than it had been before. 'What do you mean; I'm not important at all.'  She hoped this wasn't leading to an awkward situation; she was not up for anything like that at the moment.
Sam laughed.  'Are you kidding Kate? Without you, there will be no grand opening next month. Speaking of which, will you be fit enough to pull out all the stops?'
Suddenly Kate had an idea. 'Do all the paintings have to be water themed?'
Sam thought about it, her face changing as she went through the possibilities in her head. Maybe not, what have you in mind?'
Kate didn't say anything, but walked to her studio and turned on the light. The day was ending and the gloom was starting to build up in the corners like snow in a blizzard.
She pulled out a series of canvases and lined them up against the wall. 
'I have had these for a while now; maybe they would fill up a few gaps.'  She had painted them when she was preoccupied with trees; forest scenes mainly, although some of them had water of some sort in them. She had gone on to complete her masterpiece, the big one over the fireplace in the living room.
For what seemed like an eternity, Sam studied them all one by one, before finally turning to Kate with tears in her eyes. 'You are a marvel Kate, do you know that?' she said softly. 'They are perfect. Thank you so much. Will you be able to finish the original set?'
Kate nodded, her mind racing ahead with even more possibilities. The more work she did, the better position she would be in when she started looking for another flat. 'Three weeks you said?'
Sam grinned at her. 'What are you planning Kate? I know that look.'

The rest of the evening was spent talking about art, even when they rummaged around the kitchen looking for the makings of a meal, the conversation continued. Their tastes were similar, but Kate had never realised how similar. They knew which artist used which galleries and where the best art was to be found these days. Even had the exact same desire to travel the world and see all the masterpieces you could only see in books in this country.
When it was time for Sam to go home, Kate thought it was a pity she had to leave. Maybe moving in with her was a better idea than she had originally thought. That idea was soon elbowed aside, as Kate began a mental list of all the supplies she would need to have everything ready for Sam's grand opening.



Twenty-seven   

Sam must have driven home on autopilot, for all she could think about was Kate and what was happening to her.
The heart attacks were a problem, one Kate alone could solve if she had a mind to. Hopefully she would take the pills now she had been shown the error of not doing so. The hospital had assured Sam if Kate religiously took the medication, she was not about to drop dead any time soon.
The other worrying things were something else.
For a start, there were just too many other things, too many to decide which one to worry about first. Her instincts were trying to decide which of the three men in Kate's life could be causing all the trouble. Was it her brother Danny? Or Michael, the ex-lover? Or Jack; Kate's ex-husband?  She had never liked or trusted any of them, but could one of them really do that to a poor defenceless animal?
She found a good parking space not far from her flat, and as she walked the short distance in the dark, she found herself wondering if she could be subjected to any of the mishaps that were happening to Kate. If you didn't automatically assume they were all just weird coincidences, it became quite scary.
Had someone really killed Janet Goldman, Kate's elderly neighbour?
Sam tried to be rational, to convince herself that another animal had gotten in through the cat flap and killed Dylan, Kate's cat. And her neighbour had probably just fallen from a chair, but someone had been in Kate's flat and stolen her cigarettes; someone who had a key.
The big question was why? Why would anyone want to do any of these things? Kate was a bit of a recluse and didn't know many people, hardly leaving the flat. Who, apart from her ex-husband would want to upset her?

Sam suddenly realised she had been standing in her kitchen for a while, one hand on the kettle as she tried to put all the pieces of this confusing puzzle in some sort of order. She wondered if Kate had told her everything, or were there are still things she wanted to keep secret?
She smiled as she remembered being brave enough to suggest Kate move in with her, and the floor hadn't opened up and swallowed her as she thought it might. Not that it mattered, as Kate hadn't reacted to the idea at all. Was she as unaware as she appeared?
Sam had loved Kate for nearly 40 years and had long since given up hoping their relationship could ever be more than just platonic. Over the years she had tried to see other people, even had a few affairs with both women and men but never found anyone she would like to donate her heart to.
They were both probably getting too old now anyway, she thought. At least the gallery was doing well and the new one in London should be popular too, so something in her life had turned out right.
She took the mug of coffee through to her living room, pausing in the doorway to survey her oasis of calm. It was only in this room she could really relax and shed the veneer of the successful businesswoman and be herself for a while.
Not the kind of room you would expect someone like Sam to choose to live in, it looked comfortably old and not in the least bit stylish. The furniture was scuffed and dented and the large saggy couch seemed to be collapsing even as you looked at it, the original colour of the faded leather long since consigned to memory. 
But Sam loved it. Loved the comfort she felt just looking at it and sometimes slept there instead of going to her bed. Truth be told, she hated her bed. It symbolised everything about her life that was missing or unfulfilled. She felt like a nun most of the time, and although in her youth it used to bother her, now she was a lot older, she appreciated not having the kind of messy involvements she knew most people had.
She knew she loved Kate and she was a part of her life as much as anyone could be. The fact it was a seriously limited relationship didn't bother her as much now as it once did.
She turned out the light and drank her coffee in the glow from the streetlight outside. The couch gently enfolded her in its comfortable arms, and before too long, she was asleep.



Twenty-eight

Wednesday turned out to be a lovely day. The sun was shining and Kate felt better than she had in ages. She dutifully took her medication after breakfast and as she was making a list of supplies in her studio, she started thinking about Danny. What was he up to? Always a devious character who loved practical jokes, she had always considered him harmless; despite the rough games he played with her when they were kids.
A mental picture of him in the kitchen with Dylan's blood dripping from his hands made her feel instantly nauseous. No, she was just being stupid. Danny wouldn't hurt a cat, would he?
She tried to put these distressing images out of her mind as she prepared to go into town.
As she walked down the street, she found herself looking for what she had come to believe was Danny's car. Yes, it was still there. She walked over to it and peered in the windows. It looked the same as the last time she looked. If it was his car, he hadn't been near it. She used to think he lived in his car, and for a time he probably did. Did that mean he might be living nearby?
She tried not to dwell on what it might mean, and concentrated on the job in hand. There were many supplies to get and it was important to have thought of everything. But as she passed the estate agents, she remembered what Michael said about the local electoral roll. If Danny did live around here, could his name and address be on it? It might be worth a little investigation, she thought.

She thoroughly enjoyed visiting her art shop. The next few hours simply flew by and she ended up spending a small fortune. A small fortune she didn't really have, truth be told. Good job the rent was paid for the rest of the month.
Sam was a wonderful friend and a great boss, but money never seemed to be high on her list of priorities.  Kate would have to have a word about the canvases Sam had already taken and possibly the ones still to be completed, as she wasn't well off enough to be patient and wait for Sam to remember to pay her.
It was odd though, for when it was a commissioned work Kate had finished, Sam was the first one to insist on prompt payment from the client.
Kate surveyed the pile of supplies she had gathered together and realised she would need help as it would appear not all of it would fit in a taxi.
She smiled hopefully at the young man who ran the shop. He knew her quite well, so maybe he would help her.
'Do you deliver, by any chance?' she asked. 'I seem to have bought more than I can carry.' And I am old, she thought, hoping he had noticed...
'That would depend...' he said. 'Where do you live?'
Giving him her address really did feel wrong, but she realised she was just being silly. Not every man she saw had plans to murder her in her bed.

No, Kate, not you; just your friends and your cat. Are you sure you are not next on his list, whoever he is?

Kate tried to ignore him, but his words had the ring of truth in them and she felt a cold dread creep into her bones.
She had tried not to think about what had happened, tried hard to dismiss all of it is some macabre coincidence. But suppose it wasn't?
She was suddenly aware the young man was talking to her. 'I'm sorry, what did you say?'
Was it her imagination, or was he looking at her as if she was just another stupid old woman? Surely not, she had just spent a fortune in his shop.
'I said that we can deliver, but it won't be until Thursday I'm afraid. Is that all right?'
She nodded. 'It will have to be, won't it?'
That sounded a little rude she thought and smiled at him to try to convince him she was a nice old lady after all.

On the way home, Kate popped into the library to see if anyone could help her with regard to the electoral roll. They were not helpful. Apparently, it took months for anyone to be added to the list, so no help there then one way or the other. What had promised to be a good day was fast turning out to be frustrating, to say the least.
Determined the rest of the day would not get any worse, after a quick lunch Kate decided to sort out her studio. Sam had taken the canvases they had looked at and in the resulting space; there were a lot of odds and ends and bits of rubbish lying around. It was a good opportunity to clean up a bit, as she normally never cleaned this room, as there wasn't usually enough room to swing a broom.
One thing led to another and Kate ended up washing the floor, surprised at the pattern of the lino. Something she had not noticed before, but the design took her back to the flat she lived in when she was married to Jack.
Why had he turned out to be the worst husband in the world? He had seemed so perfect in the beginning, promising her the sun, moon and stars.
Staring at the pattern, Kate gradually travelled back in time to the flat they had moved into when they were first married. She had never liked it.
Right from the start, everything about it set her teeth on edge and before too long she began to hate living there.
Jack had chosen it of course, went ahead and bought it without telling her. It was supposed to be a surprise, and it was, but not in the way he thought. It had been obvious he had not been thinking of her at the time and he furnished it the same way, finding countless ways of avoiding her choosing so much as a tea towel.
The small box room, which was to be her son Davids room, was transformed from a cold empty box into an equally cold and empty prison cell. White walls and grey carpet, a single bed and a small chest of drawers, no colour anywhere. He would not allow any pictures or posters on the walls and went through all of David's toys, discarding most of them, saying they were unsuitable, they would be getting better ones. But of course, they never did.
Remembering the stark coldness of the place, she began to feel the old hatred creeping into her body, stiffening her muscles and pounding inside her head. It had become a baptism of fire back then, realising exactly what kind of person he was.
As Kate finished cleaning the floor, she began to realise she must have hated Jack almost from the beginning. Why had she not seen what he was like before it was too late to stop him from destroying the relationship she had with her son?

Tipping the dirty water into the kitchen sink, Kate watched as it swirled around, the grubby suds making a circular pattern. She suddenly wondered if it was true in Australia the motion was reversed. Why would that be, she thought.
She began to think of random stupid things, anything to stop her mind from focussing on the memory of her child's face. But it didn't work for long and her brain gradually closed down and went quiet, leaving the image of David, his huge dark eyes staring at her. She remembered that day; he was trying hard not to cry, knowing it would be wrong and punishable, but she just stared back at him; unable to help or comfort him, for that was wrong and punishable too.
Why had she tolerated so much of Jack's cruelty towards her? It was as if he had her in some kind of trance. Even when it became obvious he didn't or couldn't love either of them, she seemed powerless to do anything about it.
What kind of mother did that make her?

The memory of the awful day when she had found her son curled up in his bed, his small body cold and unyielding, tore through her heart and mind, the pain still vividly cruel. Her mind usually refused to acknowledge David's death, preferring to pretend he was still out there somewhere, still hating her for her mistakes.
She had touched him that day, unable to understand why he did not flinch from her hand as he always did. Her mind had closed down and refused to admit he would never move again, that she would never have the chance to put things right between them.

You still do not remember how that happened, do you Kate?  I told you to stop drinking the green tea he always made for you? That it took so long for you to actually do it?
Even now, you refuse to remember how he controlled you and you obviously do not remember finding those tablets he kept hidden in the kitchen, the tablets that were turning you into a vegetable?

As he said it, she did remember. She also remembered wondering if he had ever drugged David too, if it was what had killed him. That question alone had made her run away from Jack all the faster.

~~~

The sound of rain pattering gently on her bedroom window woke Kate the following morning. Normally a soothing sound, something which might on another occasion have persuaded her to turn over and go back to sleep, this time was not working its usual magic.
For some reason Kate seemed to be annoyed, as if something had gone wrong, but how could that be when she had only just opened her eyes? She stared at the curtains, moving slightly in the draught from the window, trying to remember if there might be a reason, something she had forgotten about.
Jack's face began to appear in her mind and slowly, bit by bit, she remembered everything she had thought about the day before. Why was he still in her head after all this time?
Kate shook her head in an effort to shake him loose and clear her mind, but her head was not a kaleidoscope and no amount of shaking would change the images and memories which were unfortunately stored there.
She sat up, swinging her legs over the side of the bed. When her feet reached the floor, she pushed her toes into the pile of the sea green carpet. Staring at the colour began to work its usual magic and she slowly stood up, all thoughts of Jack fading away, her mind already planning her day.

After a quick shower and two cups of coffee, Kate began to slip into work mode. Although the supplies she had ordered would not arrive until the next day, there was quite a lot she could be doing while she was waiting.
Yesterday when she was cleaning her studio, she found a couple of old canvases she had been experimenting with in the past. They were the right size, so with a bit of a clean they would work perfectly, provided she could think of suitable images Sam would like.
She propped them both up against the wall and studied them for several minutes. Nothing happened, not even the germ of an idea. She paced back and forth, feeling herself getting annoyed again. This time she blamed herself for the agitation that seemed to be all around her, trying to get inside her head and cause havoc with her thought processes.
'Oh no you don't.' she thought, fully expecting some kind of sarcastic remark from the voice, but for once it was silent.
She chose 'peaceful' from the playlists on her iPod and switched it on. A familiar soothing sound filled the room; maybe that would work the oracle. She couldn't name most of the music she liked, but it wasn't important. Music and art didn't have to have a name, she often thought it was better when it didn't, forcing you to feel it rather than worry about words.
She pinned her hair back in an attempt to feel more in control, letting the music seep into her soul and inspire her and after several minutes, her hands began to move. She picked up a canvas and propped it on the easel, deciding to blank out all the old paint with black gesso. This would give her a new and interesting textured surface to paint on. 
As the canvas became much darker, huge waves appeared in her head, huge stormy waves on a moonless night. Almost in the centre of this image was a ship, an old-fashioned vessel in trouble. Kate knew almost nothing about old-fashioned ships; but enough to know it wasn't a galleon. A small ship was being tossed and broken by the waves... maybe not broken, she thought, just tossed.
She put the canvas back against the wall and replaced it with the other one, giving it the same treatment. But no images came to her for this one and she was disappointed. Things were going too well, she thought, it had to end somewhere she supposed. Never mind, at least one of the canvases was all but finished in her mind.
It was time for a coffee break as she had just decided she was starving. Maybe an idea would come if she stopped looking for it for a while.
Minutes later, she was back with a plate of toast and mug of coffee. Instead of sitting at the easel, she went to her desk and started looking through her collection of photographs.
She had a good collection, gathered over many years; all with some kind of water in them and the beginnings of inspiration was usually to be found among the prints. But today was disappointing, they all seemed flat and uninteresting. Maybe she had looked at them too often for there to be any magic left.
Kate put the photographs away; disappointed she had found nothing special enough to trigger a masterpiece. While she was in the kitchen rinsing the mug and plate she had used, the music changed again and the clear unmistakable notes of a piano travelled down the hallway towards her. She knew it instantly, one of the few she could name if she could only recall what it was. What was it called?
Visions of calm moonlit water began to form in her mind, the silver pathway of light reaching towards her... that was it. It was Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata.  She smiled, realising she had found the elusive magic ingredient after all.
The rest of the day was lost to Kate as she worked on the canvases. The iPod went quiet but she didn't notice. Her stomach rumbled but she didn't hear it. She was thirsty but didn't care, all that was important was capturing the magic she had glimpsed.
When it became too dark to see clearly, she put down her brush and sat back from the easel. Her back was broken, or at least that's what it felt like, but she was pleased with the work in front of her. In keeping with the encroaching darkness, the moonlit scene seemed to glow as if light was indeed emanating from it.
Her stomach growled again, sounding like a wild animal in a cage. Griping pains scraped against her insides and she knew she would have to eat something soon or she would be sick.

Later, after a toasted cheese sandwich, Kate went back to her studio and studied the paintings again. She needed to check them against her own personal standard to see if they measured up, or if they had only just squeaked through for it was surprising what even a brief time away could reveal.
If anything, the moonlit scene in particular was better than she thought just a short time ago.
The thing with art, good art that is, it will never seem static. Parts of it will appear to move slightly as you looked at it and it didn't matter what the subject was. Flowers would softly rearrange themselves as though disturbed by a gentle breeze; people would appear to be on the verge of walking around and landscapes continued subtly to be controlled by the weather.
As she stared at the painting, the moonlight on the water was indeed fluctuating, gently moving with the tide. There was even the faintest sound of waves lapping at the shore in the foreground. The magic was definitely there, she felt it so strongly her eyes began to water and she fully expected to see reflected light on the front of her shirt. 
Kate turned off the studio light, pleased with her days work and went to bed. As she drifted off to sleep, she realised something else, something just as important in a way.
She had not thought of anything bad all day.



Twenty-nine

The first time Danny thought he saw Kate's ex-husband, he wasn't really sure it was him. But then the man had walked right past his window, leaving him in no doubt. It was almost as though he had done it on purpose; just what was the bastard up to now?
Maybe he had come to spy on Kate; after all, she had just been in hospital again. Danny didn't fancy his chances, he would be less welcome than he was. Before he had the chance to think about what he was doing, he had slipped out of his front door and was following him; only to be disappointed the bastard didn't knock on Kate's door. He kept on walking, so Danny followed him, quite pleased with his prowess as a snoop. He felt like quite the detective as he followed the man all over town.
Convinced he hadn't been spotted, Danny began to take risks in order to follow him more closely, but when his prey suddenly ducked down an alley way, he wasn't as suspicious as he should have been and simply followed him.
This turned out to be a big mistake. A pair of huge hands grabbed him around the neck, squeezing hard enough to make his eyes water.
'Why are you following me, Danny old boy, hmm?'
Danny tried to shake his head but the pressure around his neck was becoming a bit worrying and uncomfortable.
'Still keeping an eye on your beloved sister? Not that you could be much help to her, could you now?'
Danny felt the pressure on his throat ease a little and was grateful for the small amount of air he was desperately sucking in. Busy trying hard to breathe, he realised not answering the bastards questions was probably not the safest idea. But there really wasn't much he could do about it at the moment.
He could smell the bastards breath, a revolting rancid stench. What had he been eating? Deciding he didnt really want to know, Danny tried a little harder to escape from his clutches.
'Oh no, you don't. I'm not finished with you yet.'
Danny's spirits sank. 'Look mate, if it's a bollocking I'm getting, can you get on with it as I have somewhere I need to be.' Anywhere away from you, he thought.
The man snorted and a fresh wave of rancid air buffeted Danny's face.
'Is that what you think this is, just a bollocking? I have a much better idea than that. You see, I am more than a little pissed off that every time I turn around I happen to see you watching me. Silly thing to do, if you ask me.'
Danny thought of denying it but something told him he would be wasting what little breath that was available to him right then. 'Look mate, enough said. I'll go away  you'll never see me again, how's that?'
The man studied Danny, his cold steely eyes travelling over every inch of his rapidly paling face. Danny had the feeling his offer would not be good enough by a country mile and was trying hard to think what might be. Panic was beginning to set in. Why didn't someone walk past? Where were all the nosy parkers when you wanted one?
Not that most people would want to get involved with two aging aggressors, not if they had any sense.
The bastard must have come to the same conclusion, for he suddenly released Danny's neck and grabbed his arm instead. 'Let's walk back to your place, old boy. We need to talk.'
A huge wave of relief washed over Danny, he wasn't going to die in an alley after all. The fact this bastard seemed to know where he lived hadn't filtered through to his brain yet, but by the time they were inside his flat, he started to panic again. What was his game, he thought? And where did he come into it?
He had a sneaky feeling he would find out soon enough, as it was obvious from the bastards demeanour, this was not a social call.
One thing was clear; it would be a mistake to annoy him any further by asking stupid questions.

But Danny just couldnt keep his mouth shut, not even when it became clear his life might depend on it. Why would Jack Holland want to kill him anyway? He didnt even know him, but the bastard definitely had some kind of plan and seemed to be enjoying carrying it out.
If only he could stop talking. He was making the bastard angry, and with anger came more pain for him.

When almost throttling Danny didnt work, the bastard broke both his arms like snapping twigs, obviously expecting the pain to work the oracle and shut him up. But it seemed to have the reverse effect, the more pain he suffered, the more he seemed to want to talk. When the begging and pleading didnt work, he resorted to babbling incoherently about anything that came into his head.
It seemed to become a game in the end, with the bastard trying different methods just to see Dannys reaction. The pain when his legs were broken was unbelievable and by then he was screaming his head off. It was a pity the noise wasnt bringing him any salvation, but most of the people around there would just think a heated argument was going on. 
Suddenly Jack smiled as if he had thought of something. Now thats an idea bet that would shut you up.
Hearing him talk, Danny did shut up, obviously wondering what was going to happen next. His eyes followed his tormenter as he paced around him. When the knife appeared the begging began again in earnest as he tried without success to back away from Jack. 
Jack was watching him trying to wriggle away; with his legs and arms broken Danny must have looked like one of those damaged spiders from his youth.

When the knife touched his neck, Danny finally went quiet knowing the end was near. The pain seemed to recede and he felt almost peaceful as he waited to leave this world.



Thirty

It was almost lunchtime before Kate realised the art shop was supposed to be delivering her supplies. She was sure they said it would be in the morning, or was she imagining that detail?
The morning had flown by and after an early start; Kate had made good progress on the second rescued canvas. The storm tossed ship was slowly disappearing beneath the majestic waves, which were attempting to drown it. She toyed with the idea of having survivors in the water, but dismissed it as being too sad, creating entirely the wrong message. She wanted the painting to reinforce the struggle of man against nature, hinting man could win sometimes; a positive image; one of hope and survival.
This fitted well with Kate's own frame of mind at the moment. She was feeling optimistic for once; determined to get on with her life, make a few radical changes and start over in new surroundings. Free from the menace that had begun to creep into her special place. With everything that had happened, it was no longer a pleasant place to be. All her favourite things and colours were still there but they were tainted, spoiled by awful memories that took all of her concentration not to dwell on, and each day it was harder.
The memories were bad enough, but lately Kate had been imagining that there might be far worse in store for her. The only good thing she could hold on to was Sam and the fact the voice seemed to have forgotten about her, finally giving up tormenting her on a daily basis.
As she buttered a slice of toast, Michael floated into her mind as she remembered how he used to like his toast. 'You should never butter it straight away...' he always said, because she never remembered. He liked his toast to be crisp, not soggy and she had to admit she had come around to liking it that way too.
What was it about him, she wondered. Despite everything she still felt kindly towards him, or was it he just looked so good in comparison to Jack?
She found herself drawing up a mental list of their differences and still couldn't believe she had fallen for all of Jack's lies. There had been so many clues as to his real character, clues she had chosen to ignore in her haste to get away from the rut she had created with Michael's father.
She often wondered where she would be now if she hadn't left. Just how different would her life have been? And would Michael have been a part of it?

By mid-afternoon, Kate had the strongest feeling something was wrong. Had she remembered the wrong date? She was sure they had said Thursday.
Determined to stop theorising, she telephoned the art shop.



'Miss Devereau? Oh yes, your order was picked up this morning.'
'What are you talking about?'
There was an ominous pause at the end of the line. 'Your order was picked up by your husband this morning, was that okay?'
An enormous lump had formed in Kate's throat and she swallowed repeatedly in an attempt to get rid of it.  'I don't understand.... there is no Mr Devereau.'
The person on the end of the line took a deep breath. 'Well, that's who he said he was, said he was doing you a favour. Knew your address and everything, and as we have been busy today, we... '
A cold dread was descending on Kate as she tried to make sense of what had happened. 'There must be some kind of mistake... I have no husband... no one but me knew about this order.'
She could tell the person she was talking to was getting more than a little annoyed. He had probably convinced himself she was one of those nutty old women that never had anything right. An idea came from out of nowhere, which might prove to explain the confusion. 'Could you check the address you have for me please?'
This request was obviously the last straw. 'Look Miss Devereau, your address is not relevant. Your husband has your supplies, take it up with him!' And he slammed the phone down, well out of patience.
Kate stared at the phone, unable to understand what had just happened. All of her supplies and the money they cost had just vanished. Picked up by her husband?
She wanted to scream with the frustration, but knew it wouldn't solve anything. There had to be an answer, but who would have done such a thing, and why?
She redialled the art shop and stated who she was, cringing as the voice that answered changed from business-like to annoyed in a matter of seconds.
'Miss Devereau, we... '
'Just a moment, please. I have to get to the bottom of this. Can you describe this man to me?'
There was no mistaking the scorn in his voice when he said, 'You want me to describe your husband to you?'
Annoyed didn't begin to describe how Kate was feeling right then. She could have let him have it, both barrels, but instead she said simply, 'Yes please.'
She didn't know why, but she was expecting a graphic description of Michael, not Jack. What she did get was a brief description that fitted no one she knew or had ever known.
'That's not him,' she said softly. 'What am I supposed to do now?'
What little patience he might have had, evaporated into a Beats me, lady. That's your problem.' And with that, he hung up on her again.

After much pacing around the flat as she tried desperately to subdue the rising panic that was making her quite dizzy, she decided she needed to speak to Sam. After all, the missing supplies were just as important to her if not more.
They arranged to meet at a pub near the gallery and Kate booked a taxi to take her there as she was in no mood to cope with public transport. Sam had asked what was wrong, but Kate had not said anything, just that it was a bit too complicated to discuss over the phone. And that had to be the understatement of the week.



Thirty-one

It was well past the normal lunch hour when Sam walked into the pub 'The Jolly Gardener' so it was quieter, less busy which would probably be a good thing. Kate had sounded strange on the phone, almost like a stranger and she wondered what on earth could have happened now.

Hopefully it was nothing as drastic as what had befallen her cat Dylan or indeed her neighbour. Whoever had done it must have really hated Kate and Sam worried it wouldn't stop there. She had her suspicions as to who was at the bottom of all of Kate's problems, indeed, had always been.  Sam was unsure whether to instigate some kind of conversation with Kate to try to steer her away from his reach, but had no clue as to an appropriate or effective way of doing it.
Sam was well aware of anything more than a nudge would have Kate running in the opposite direction and she would do anything to avoid that. They didn't have much of a relationship, but to lose what little they did have was unthinkable.
She ordered a bottle of white wine and chose a table away from the bar but in sight of the door and within minutes it seemed, Kate arrived.  She stood just inside the doorway, scanning the room. As beautiful as ever, Sam thought, a small smile lifting the sides of her mouth. The sight of Kate always managed to make something deep inside Sam feel so much better about everything. All her loneliness, her needs and yearnings all seemed soothed by Kate's presence, yet it made no logical sense. Kate was a walking contradiction.  At first glance, you would think Kate arrogant and aloof, for she had a certain air about her and seemed to stand apart from the world. 
 Nothing could be further from the truth, for once you knew her the arrogance was revealed as a shield for her vulnerability. You might assume she was of Irish descent, with her quick dark eyes and wild untameable hair; Sam thought, and not for the first time.
Kate was making her way between the tables, smiling nervously in Sam's direction, but something about the way she was moving started to ring alarm bells. She appeared to be off-balance, using the backs of the chairs she passed as if needing their support.
She plonked herself down next to Sam, her breathing shallow and rapid. She was as pale as a ghost and her hands restlessly fidgeted with the edge of the table.
'Are you all right Kate? What is wrong? I have been trying not to worry, but from the look of you I should have been...' She put her hand on Kate's arm and squeezed gently, trying to impart all of her feeling into that soft touch. Would it could be that easy.
'Get your breath back, then tell me what's happened.'
Kate picked up the wine glass and took a sip, her hand shaking. She pulled a face. Sam took hold of the glass and put it down on the table before it had the chance to fall from Kate's hand. 'Would you like a coffee, Kate?' She asked. 'And have you eaten anything today, you're shaking like a leaf.'
Kate nodded and shook her head in quick succession. 'Just coffee please, then I must tell you what's happened before I go completely nuts.'
Sam organised the coffee and came back with several small packets of biscuits. Gradually, between sips of coffee and several dunked biscuits, Kate managed to tell Sam everything. '...and I can't afford to pay for any more supplies...  as you haven't paid me for the last lot of canvases'.

Sam was mortified. Kate's news was bad enough, but realising she was at fault too did not sit well with her. How could she have forgotten something so important? Her only excuse was she had been caught up with all the expense of the new gallery, but surely, as the most important part of the enterprise Kate should have figured in it somewhere?
She couldn't even be sure how many paintings Kate had finished. No matter, that could be sorted out later.
'I'm so sorry Kate. You should have said something; you know what my head is like when I'm on a mission.'  She reached into her bag and retrieved her phone. 'I'll transfer some money into your account for now and sort it all out later,' she smiled at Kate. 'That much we can solve, but what can we do about the rest of it? It was an awful lot of material to go missing.'
Kate nodded, but still felt like screaming.  'I don't know what to do about it, where would I start?'
'Maybe we should get the police involved, it is theft after all. Someone has just made off with a small fortune in art materials.'
Kate looked at her friend in amazement. Why had she not thought of that? Probably because it would be a waste of time, she thought. What could they possibly do?
'I was wondering if you could help me get more materials?  I can't think straight, all I know is I need to be painting. I need to move too, get away from whoever this is. That's all I know...'
Sam studied Kate's face, looking for signs that could indicate her health was at risk again. She wanted to ask if she was remembering to take her medication, but something told her not to. Now she had shared this latest disaster she looked a better colour, so that was reassuring.

They ended up going to a different art shop. Kate couldn't bear the thought of going back to her local, not after what had happened, and it turned out to be a much better supplier. They also seem to treat their customers with the reverence most of them deserved which was a refreshing change.
Rather than risk another delivery, they managed to pack everything into Sam small car and after safely unloading at Kate's place, they went out to dinner.

When they returned, Sam insisted on coming in, mainly to check all the materials were still there. She couldn't bear it if anything else had happened.
As Kate opened the front door, a thought occurred to Sam. 'Who else has ever had a key, Kate?'
Kate looked at her, puzzled by the question. 'No one, as far as I know...'
'And when you moved in, did you change the lock?'
Kate finally understood what Sam was getting at. There could be many people who still had a key to her flat, for it never dawned on her to protect her privacy with a new set of keys when she had moved in.
Everything seemed to be as they had left it, so Sam said she was going home. 'You really should think about moving in with me, you know. It would be for the best, I think.'
Kate nodded, beginning to see the simplicity of her suggestion for the first time. She would finally be free of all these doubts and bad memories, free to paint and stop worrying. Definitely a good idea.
'You're right Sam, and I will, soon. I'll start making the arrangements with the landlord. As soon as she said it, she wondered for the first time who exactly the landlord was. They had never met; all business had been conducted through an agent. She didn't even know his name.



Thirty-two

After Sam had left, Kate wandered around the flat, thinking about packing up and leaving. Was she ready for all that?
Just thinking about it was exhausting but there was no hiding from the truth anymore. Something was going on, something bad and her special, private place had been violated, spoiled forever by an evil force she could not name.
If she was honest, she couldn't wait to leave. Not that simply walking away would remove the pain of what had happened here, but she needed to distance herself from whatever had targeted her before she was too old to care anymore.
She thought of Michael and the way he had suddenly materialised after all these years. Was it all a coincidence? Could he possibly have anything to do with what had happened?
Danny's stupidly grinning face superimposed itself on Michael's, obliterating the face she knew she still loved, despite everything. She couldn't quite believe it could be her brother either, so who did that leave?

There was only one other person it could possibly be, and Kate was surprised she had not thought of him before. Of course it was him, he was perfectly capable of all the teasing, the torment and yes, even the torture.
Jack had been in her flat several times, she knew that now. He had stolen her cigarettes and killed her beloved Dylan. She suddenly thought of Janet. Surely he couldn't...why would he? What possible harm could one old woman do?
The more she thought about it, the more she knew the truth. All those times she had been sure things had been moved, the odd occasions when the toilet seat had been left up, even the different smells she had noticed; like the cigarette smoke, the after-shave.
She thought she had left him well behind in London, confident he couldn't possibly know where she had gone, when all the time he had been spying on her, like a ghost in her life.
He probably knew she had seen Michael again too; he always did seem to have a way of knowing about everything she did. Sometimes she was convinced he could read her mind and was the main reason she had run away from him. Apart from what she suspected he did to her son David all those years ago, along with the feeling of being over-run, invaded and ruined.
That feeling was back and she didn't like it at all, not anymore. She would not live like that again. Tomorrow she would begin the process of running away, all over again. Only this time it would be different.

The next morning, Kate set out to enlist the help of the one person she never thought she would see again. She hoped he would be at work and not vanished the way he had come. But she needn't have worried. She saw his dark curly hair the minute she pushed open the estate agents door. He looked up as the buzzer announced her arrival and his face instantly lit up like a Christmas tree as he saw her. He couldn't really fake that, could he? Did he really feel the same, even after all this time?
Before she knew what was happening, she was sitting in a private office, alone with Michael. There was a pretty china mug on the desk in front of her, the rich aroma of a good coffee wafting towards her.
'I am really glad to see you Kate, whatever the reason.'
She could tell from his expression that he hoped there was a good reason for her visit. She swallowed, trying to dislodge the lump that had accumulated in her throat. Nothing happened, so she tried a gentle cough; still nothing. Was something trying to stop her from talking to him?

No Kate, it is not me this time. Do you trust this man now? How do you know he will not desert you again?
I would think long and hard if I were you...

His words seemed to annoy her even more than usual, and with this annoyance came a new found confidence in herself. This time, she thought, I do know what I'm doing.
She smiled nervously and realised something, something she had been refusing to believe until now. She did love this man. She could feel it glowing inside her, making her stronger, more confident and sure of what she wanted. And as she started to speak, it all seemed so natural, the two of them together as if all the wasted years had fallen away.
She told him everything, all that had happened and everything she suspected was going on. He listened intently, frowning as each detail was revealed and never said a word.
'Basically Michael, none of it really matters. I just want to leave it all behind. I have had enough of worrying about everything.'
His smile faltered, just a little, but she noticed. 'It doesn't include you, if that's what you're worried about.'
There, she had actually said it. She had finally admitted there still could be some kind of future for both of them.
That was when his smile became a 100-watt grin and she knew everything would be all right.

~~~


Michael sat and watched Kate as they sat together in the office, which was usually reserved for private negotiations. Was that what this was, he wondered? He hadn't really been concentrating on everything she said, most of it was probably more imagination than anything, apart from what had happened to the cat. That bit was worrying; no wonder she had been so upset.
He couldn't believe the fact, the glorious fact she was actually sitting here, talking to him as though nothing had ever happened between them and no time had passed. Only their advancing years made it all a little different, but hardly noticeable.
Was she really back in his life, or was it just she needed someone, and he had made himself available? Despite what she had just said, he was having trouble believing his luck after all this time. He wasn't sure if any kind of relationship would even work, surely they were different people now? Living miserably alone, constantly aware of what you had thrown away eventually did something to you. He knew that was a fact because he could feel the difference, for his heart had stubbornly refused to perform the back flips the sight of her had always commanded. Perhaps the magic had gone after all, never to be resurrected.
But he would help her, he owed her that much. And it was something he was quite good at. Moving people from A to B was his stock in trade and most of the work of spiriting her away could be achieved just by switching on his computer.

He suddenly realised she was saying something that sounded important.
'Unfortunately, the gallery opening will have to be a priority. I can't let Sam down, and there's a lot of work to finish.'
The mention of Samantha Cameron, Kate's agent, brought his focus into sharp relief. Just who was this woman and what part did she play in Kate's life?
As he started to listen more intently, he began to realise helping Kate would not be as easy as he first thought. There were complications and an agenda to work around, which on its own would not be too bad; but the safety factor was screwing things up big time. He didn't know quite what to do about that.
'Do you have any ideas, Kate? Do you see a way forward?' That was a good, sensible first question he thought, but he didn't like the answer.
'Sam did say I could move in with her while everything was sorted out...but I'm not sure. If something were to happen to her too, I would never forgive myself.'
It was beginning to sound as if Kate's relationship with her agent was more than a simple business arrangement, which might become a problem if he wanted any kind of a chance with Kate.
He put everything aside and switched into business mode, it would be safer that way for the moment. He took down all the details of Kate's commitments and made a copy of the lease on her flat.
'Right, let me see if I have this straight. You want to move, immediately if possible. And none of this can interfere with your work. The gallery opens when...?'
'The end of September, is that going to be a problem?'
'Not if I can help it. Now, if a permanent move is not possible straight away, what contingencies would you be prepared for? You could stay put, with all the locks changed of course, or we could decamp you into a hotel?'
Kate thought about his suggestions and something suddenly became startling clear in her mind. She had to get out of the flat as soon as possible.



Thirty-three

Michael suggested they continue their discussion over lunch as he was starving and assumed Kate must be too. She agreed and they ended up in a small and quaint Italian restaurant that was tucked away in a quiet street not far from the town centre.
The pasta was delicious and the break in their conversation was welcome, as they seemed to have been talking in circles and a general frustration was setting in. There didn't seem to be an easy solution to her problems and time was conspiring against her. 
The truth of the matter, and she hadn't voiced it so far, was she didn't want to spend another minute alone in her flat. Instinct was telling her it was not safe anymore and was time to go. Pity it wasn't coming up with how she should do it but apparently she couldn't have everything.
That was the story of her life, she thought, the emphasis on the word 'was'. She was having an intimate lunch with someone she thought lost to her forever, so perhaps things were finally looking up, if they could just solve this riddle...
'Penny for them, Kate?' He smiled tentatively, probably still unsure of what was happening between them. Because of her situation, it would be stupid to assume anything at this stage. But he felt optimistic all the same.
She decided to take the proverbial bull by the horns. 'I don't know quite how to say this, but I don't think I can stay in my flat, Michael, not anymore. It feels dangerous...'
He nodded slowly. She had no idea what he was thinking but he didn't look worried, so that was something.
After what seemed like an age, he spoke. 'Well, I do have one idea. Not sure it's strictly ethical, but it'll work.'  He proceeded to tell her about one of the properties he managed. It had been up for sale for months he said, it was partly furnished and tucked away in the countryside just outside Guildford.
'We haven't had any interest for a while now. You could move in immediately and we'll sort out the details later.' He went on to describe the house, and the more he talked about it, the more it seemed to be the answer to her prayers.
'When we get back to the office, you can look at the photographs. I think it's perfect for you, Kate.'
She liked the sound of it already, but maybe it was too good to be true?

You know what they say about things like that... they probably are. You are still not sure, are you Kate? What do you really know about him?
It all seems a bit artificial to me, and although I know desperate times call for desperate measures, just try not to leap from one bad situation to another... are you listening to me, Kate?

No, she was definitely not listening, and yes, it did all seem to be too good to be true, but there would be no harm in looking at the house, was there? Even if she couldn't afford it. When exactly should she mention that small detail?

~~~

Back in the office, Michael retrieved the file from a cabinet and spread the photographs on the desk. None of the staff seemed to think anything of what was going on, so maybe this kind of thing happened all the time.
She stopped worrying about everything the minute she saw the house. It was the one she had seen in the window, it wasn't large and had been left unattended for a while by the look of it. The garden was a mini jungle and the whole place had a forgotten air that quite appealed to her.  They seemed to share the same desperate need for love and attention. It spoke to her and offered a safe haven, shabby and overgrown though it was.
She didn't realise it at the time but she had fallen in love with the house, probably borne out of desperation and frustration. She knew she was meant to have it, but...
'I have a problem, Michael,' she said softly. The tears were not far away, as she realised she could not possibly have what she wanted. 'I don't have much money. This place is lovely and perfect and I want it, but I simply cannot afford it.'
Too late she realised her face was wet, the unbidden tears sliding down her cheeks. Silently, Michael offered her a box of tissues and took her hand in his. 'Don't you worry about that now, Kate, leave it all to me. The owners will probably leap at the chance to rent it out, so it's not really a problem.'
She tried to look at him, but her vision was blurry, making him appear to glow slightly. He was smiling benevolently like some kind of modern day saint and she felt a flicker of something unpleasant. The voice was right, she had no idea what she was walking into, but she knew what she was running from, so really had no choice, did she?
Michael offered to take her to see the house, and suddenly she couldn't wait. On the way out of the office, he went to the window and removed a picture from the display, winking at her as he held the door open.

~~~

It didn't take long to drive to the cottage. Some people would call it quaint, but Kate saw only the safety and anonymity she craved.  Nestled among several majestically mature trees, the place had a forgotten air about it as if it had been undiscovered for centuries. Kate latched on to this idea, convinced she could be forgotten there too.
She was almost too scared to go inside. The outside was dreadfully shabby, supposing she didn't like it? Maybe it wasn't habitable, what then? She knew how to throw paint around, but anything more adventurous and she would need to have workmen in, and that wouldn't do at all.
The path was cracked and choked with weeds, walking to the front door was more of an obstacle course than an adventure. There wasn't much paint left on the front door and it was hard to tell what colour it had been originally. The bare parts were silvered with age, the dark grain of the wood like fine bones, struggling to hold the framework together. The window frames must have been white once upon a time, but the panes of glass were filthy. 
No one had loved this place for quite a while, she thought, feeling the need that was almost palpable. She turned around on the doorstep, reluctant to go inside; scared it would be a disappointment, dashing her hopes to smithereens.
The front garden was small but running riot; a virtual jungle, doing its utmost to bury the cottage, but you could tell it could all be beautiful again.
'Are you going to stand out there all day?' Michaels voice brought her back to earth with a bump. She couldn't put it off any longer, she had to know what was inside. She was prepared to be disappointed, but a strange thing happened as she crossed the threshold. A feeling of elation began to bubble up inside her, as if something wonderful had just happened. But all she could see was a small hallway, faded wallpaper and a scruffy carpet; nothing to get excited about really.
There were two doors to choose from and no sign of Michael, so she pushed open the door nearest to her and found him intently looking at a row of books on a dilapidated bookcase.
He looked up and smiled at her. 'What kept you? Look what I've found.'
She only barely heard what he said; she was too busy looking around the room in amazement. It was a beautiful room, not as small as she thought it might be, with two windows one on each outside wall and a set of French doors leading to the garden. 
'The light in here would be amazing if those windows were clean,' she said. Realising as she spoke that the sensation she felt in the hall was now even stronger.
She walked over to the nearest window and the view of the overgrown garden took her breath away. It was larger than the front, wild, untamed and beautiful and spoke to her artists soul like nothing else ever could. The emotions she was struggling to control threatened to explode, reducing her to a blubbering wreck, so she turned away and walked out of the room, looking for the kitchen.
Systematically she checked every room, every nook and cupboard, but she knew before she started that there was no need. This place was a reflection of her, old, comfortable and in need of an awful lot of tender loving care.
Michael had been following at a distance, trying not to interfere or influence her in any way and she was grateful for that.
When she had seen enough, she looked him straight in the eyes and simply said, 'I want it.'
When he didn't speak straight away, she started to worry. Had he changed his mind about helping her? Or was there something else?
'Michael, what is it?' She would beg if it came to it. Surely fate would not be so cruel as to spoil everything now, would it? Knowing even as she thought it, it probably would, was suddenly too much to bear. 'Michael, please, don't scare me? You brought me here and I'm glad you did. But if you say I cannot have it, I might have to kill you and bury you in the garden.'
As she finished speaking, she was smiling; a genuinely happy smile and he began to react to her enthusiasm. 'Well...'
'Well what, please don't tease me, not now?'
He looked at her, amazed at the transformation one old house had wrought. She was beautiful before, always had been, but now she was actually glowing. He sincerely hoped he could put his money where his mouth was, for if he ruined everything now he would deserve to be shot. He decided to go for broke; sure he could sort everything out. Taking hold of her hands, he pulled her gently towards him. 'Are you really sure, Kate? It needs a lot of work, and you already have a ton of work to do.'
'Yes, I'm sure!' The elation was at bursting point, but she didn't want to spoil the moment by crying. There was always the risk that once she started she may never stop.

There you go again, jumping from one predicament straight into another. Do you really think this abandoned building is the answer to all your problems? And as for trusting this man again... I did not think you could sink any lower or disappoint me further, but apparently, there are depths even I know nothing about.
It will all go horribly wrong again; I just know it will...

She was still looking at Michael intently, as if the voice hadn't spoken at all. 'When can I move in?' How do I move in? Oh my God, there is so much to do. I don't know where to start.'
Michael was trying not to laugh. 'Slow down girl, let me start the ball rolling, then we can talk about moving in.'

~~~

On the way back to the estate agents, Kate kept up a steady stream of questions and ideas. Michael was exhausted just by being on the receiving end. She was insisting on moving in straight away and that might not be practical or even possible, but he never voiced his concerns as the last thing he wanted to do was burst her bubble.

As they drove through Guildford, they passed Kate's street. It was swarming with police cars and uniformed officers, and as she watched a feeling of dread descended on Kate. Something must have happened, something bad.
She made Michael park the car as close as they could get, but they didn't get far before being accosted by two plain clothed detectives. When Kate said she wanted to reach her flat, they laughed. 'Not just yet, Madam. This whole street is a crime scene.'
As they were talking, Kate noticed most of the activity seemed to be concentrated around the old green car. Surely a dumped car didn't warrant this much attention? But they had put up one of those white tents so something serious had happened. Just then, an ambulance arrived and one of those stretcher trolleys was wheeled into the house.
She didn't like the conclusions her mind was jumping to, and decided not to try and figure it out with any coherent thought. All she could do was stare as they came back out and vanished inside the tent. Shortly afterwards the trolley was wheeled back to the ambulance.
'Kate, we can come back later...'
She knew Michael had spoken but his actual words didn't make any sense. 'But...' It was no good, her brain had decided to work after all and it was telling her exactly what had happened and who she thought was in the boot of the car. The car she originally thought had belonged to her brother.



Thirty-four

Jack was trapped inside his van and had been for most of the day. It was unbearably hot and smelly but he didn't dare open a window for fear of attracting attention. He hadn't expected anyone to discover the body this soon, but somehow they had and the whole street had been a hive of activity for hours.
To say he was annoyed was putting it mildly. He should have driven off straight away, but the fascination of watching the police running about like headless chickens was too good to miss and then it was too late to do anything.
Just when the boredom and the stench inside the van were becoming intolerable, he caught sight of Kate at the end of the street, and she was not alone. The police were keeping them from her flat and she didn't look best pleased. When he realised it was Mr Perfect who was with her, his annoyance levels rose alarmingly; he knew if he didn't escape from his metal prison soon he just might explode.

What could they both be up to? They were obviously up to something, if their exchanged glances were anything to go by. He found himself staring at her, trying to read what was going on in her mind. 
He began to think of ways he could suddenly appear on the street. What feasible excuse could he have that would raise no interest in him whatsoever? But it was a bad idea. He couldn't risk anyone noticing him, even for a second. He would just have to wait. Besides, there were just too many uniforms out there.
He watched with interest as they carefully removed Danny Devereau from both the house and boot of the car and took it away. He smiled as he relived the last few minutes of the mans life, enjoying the satisfaction of a job well done.

He had originally decided not to shed any blood this time, even though he always enjoyed that part the most, but the cleaning up afterwards was a pain and not always convenient. At the last minute he changed his mind and was glad he did. He could still see the puzzled expression on Danny's face at the end, almost as though he was expecting it to turn out to be a joke, that he would be released with a slap on the back and a 'don't do it again!'
Danny Devereau may have been a middle-aged man, but in many ways he had reacted to the situation as a child would, looking up at him entreatingly with the saddest eyes. He imagined he had done this often enough for it to be a reliable way of extricating himself from trouble, even though he found it hard to believe anyone would have given in to him. Had Kate ever fallen for it, he wondered?
The thought of Kate caring for such a pitiful excuse of a man made him squeeze his neck even harder, crushing the miserable life out of him.
He remembered again how Danny had struggled as he tried desperately to claw his way out of his hands, his eyes bulging against the polythene bag that was slowly suffocating him. Mist and water droplets clouded the surface of the plastic, distorting the image of his face and muffling the strangulated sounds as the end approached. He smiled, as he thought of the satisfying way the ending had then been changed, far more apt for a chatterbox.

~~~

Convinced there was nothing for it but to be patient, he concentrated on Kate and the idiot she was with. He had checked out her flat after she had left this morning and there had been no clues to indicate any new developments.
Was it possible their ill-fated romance of so long ago had reignited and begun to burn again? Why else would he be on the scene after all this time?
The thought of Kate being happy would normally have caused a meltdown, a rage so fierce he often wondered how he managed to handle it. Although, to be honest, he had trouble remembering much of what happened or how he was feeling when the rage burnt at it brightest.
This time he was simply annoyed, knowing quite calmly what had to happen next, and in not too small a way knowing he would be pleased to do it.  Michael Barratt would be the penultimate death, the eighth victim in his plan to take nine lives in payment for losing Kate. He had long been an unfinished problem, an old wound that had never quite healed. Now, at last, he could finally remove him and that would be the icing on the cake.
The plan had been a brilliant idea, born out of the knowledge that Kate once thought she possessed a charmed life, having survived death on so many occasions. Someone had mentioned she must be a cat, what with all her extra lives. 
That was purely her imagination, unlike the game he had been playing for years. He was so near the end, when there would be no one left for her to turn to. She would have no other choice but to come back to him, would she?

He began to calm down as he played through a list of possible outcomes. It should be interesting, as this man was obviously not a casual player in the game Kate was playing. It would be important to get it right and make no mistakes. He realised it would be an interesting and challenging mission, as he knew little about Mr Barratt's current situation.
If only he could just get out of this bloody van...

~~~

The ambulance had been replaced by a car recovery vehicle, which was making a right song and dance about removing the car. He gritted his teeth, frustrated at the length of time everything seemed to take.
Kate was still watching the proceedings from the end of the street, not looking so happy now. Could she have guessed whose body they had removed, or what part of it was in the boot of the car? He knew there was a possibility she might have recognised the car and was still annoyed he had overlooked that detail. But if she had any idea, wouldn't she be telling someone?
Not only wasn't she making any move to speak to the police, she didn't seem to be talking to her companion either.
But the fact she no longer looked happy was pleasing him no end.



Thirty-five

After what seemed an eternity of comings and goings, the old car was finally removed and the concentration of uniformed police started to diminish.
Kate wished she knew if it was Danny's car, or one just like it. She was trying not to imagine the worst and failing miserably. With everything that had been happening lately it would seem to be a logical assumption, one that would not go away.
What was happening? Why did it feel as though she was a target?
She gripped Michael's hand even tighter as an officer made his way to where they stood. 'We'll be finished here soon Madam and you'll be able to go home. What number did you say was yours?'
As she answered his question, she realised it was the last thing she wanted to do. She turned to Michael. 'I have changed my mind, can we go now?'
He looked carefully at her, trying to discern what emotions she was trying desperately to hide. Something was going on in that complicated head of hers, something she might reveal if he asked the right questions. Trouble was, he didn't have a clue what they might be.
'Okay, shall we go back to the office and see what we can sort out?' He thought by mentioning the cottage again, he might calm the storm he could feel brewing. She simply nodded and started walking to his car.

~~~

In the absence of any conversation as they drove back to his office, he began to wonder what it was about the incident in her street that had her so agitated. She had tried hard to hide the fact she was upset when they were loading the old car onto the recovery truck, almost as though she recognised it. 
Then the penny dropped. She must have thought it was her brothers car!
If she had recognised it, she was probably imagining the worst, what with the death of her neighbour and her cat. The neighbour's death was most likely an accident, but from the way she described what had happened to her cat, it couldn't have been. The sooner she was away from there the better.

Back at the office, he made some phone calls. Kate couldn't really follow what he was discussing, and if the truth be told, she wasn't really listening. She should have been, for it was important but somehow her heart wasn't in it. Not until she could find out if the old car was Danny's or not.
She became aware he had stopped talking on the phone and was looking at her, and from his expression, the news was not good.
'You're not going to like some of it, but basically it's good news...'
Her stomach had twisted itself into a knot as she listened to him relaying the owner's decision.
'...you can rent it, no problem there. But he wants to let it unfurnished and cleaned up a bit. Also, there's a small problem with the electrics that must be sorted out. From what I can gather, all this will take until just after your deadline for the gallery opening.'
Kate stared at him, unable to decide if she was pleased or not. She should be, the cottage was the answer to her prayers, but the waiting was not. While Michael had been making the calls, she had decided she was not going to spend another minute at the flat, knowing if she did, there was a distinct possibility she would end up like Dylan, torn and bloody and spread all over the kitchen floor.

That is the first sensible decision you have made in a long while, Kate. All this talk of nine lives, the one you have now is the one that matters.
Good to know you are finally taking it seriously...

Now what, she thought. What did he mean? Had he changed his mind about how many lives she had left?  Or had he just confirmed she was down to her last one? She dismissed the idea; it was probably just a load of rubbish, like always.
Michael cleared his throat and she realised he was probably waiting for some kind of response from her. She nodded slowly. 'I am pleased, of course I am, but there is a problem with waiting. I am not going back to the flat. Something will have to be done about that, and in the meantime I have to find somewhere I can paint while I wait.'
She didn't mention Sam again. Instinct told her Michael might not welcome her decision to camp out in her agents flat.
He took her hands in his. 'You can always stay with me you know; just until everything is sorted.'
There it was, the cost of his help. Did everything have to have a price?  She took a deep breath.  'No Michael, I can't. It's too soon for that.  I'm such a mess at the moment it wouldn't be fair. We shouldn't rush things; we don't want to spoil anything, do we?'
She waited for his reaction, knowing their relationship could go either way, depending on what he said next.
He nodded slowly, his face a picture, both worried and sad at the same time. 'So where are you going to stay, Kate?'
From the way he said it she could tell he probably knew what was on her mind. 'Sam offered to have me, and it will be handy for the gallery opening. Her flat's not big enough for all my stuff though.'
Trying to hide his annoyance and disappointment, Michael stood up, suddenly becoming his usual efficient and business-like self. 'I can put everything into storage for you; we do it all the time. Once you have collected what you need, I can arranged to have the flat emptied.'

That was one problem sorted she thought, wondering if he could help with another. 'Michael, can you find out who owns the old car that was taken away today?'
He looked thoughtful and she wondered if he had ever been asked that before. Did he even know how to do it? Maybe it was something he couldn't help with.
'I'd need the registration, you know, the number plate.'
From out of nowhere, the number plate flashed through her mind. She picked up a pen and wrote it down on a scrap of paper, astonished she knew it when she didn't think she had ever looked at it properly.
He picked up the paper. 'It's quite old, isn't it? But it shouldn't be too difficult; just a moment.'
He went out into the main office and sat at a computer terminal. After just a few minutes, he was back. 'Is your brother's name, Danny Devereau?
Her stomach sank to somewhere just above her knees and she felt sick. She saw again the trolley and the black bag on its way to the ambulance and knew she had been right all along. Danny's body had been in the boot of the car, just yards from her flat.
She felt like screaming and tears were not far away. Her hands were shaking uncontrollably as the feelings she never knew she still had for her brother threatened to explode and destroy her.



Thirty-six

Watching Kate fall to pieces as the thought of her brother, murdered and stuffed into the boot of his old car slowly took its toll on her was not pleasant for Michael. At one point, he really thought she was in danger of having another heart attack and the helpless feeling that accompanied the worry was not conducive to knowing the best way to help her.
He began to realise she needed to get away from there, and the sooner the better. He found the telephone number of the gallery in the office directory and quickly brought her agent up to speed with the days developments.
Michael had never met Samantha Cameron, but she sounded nice enough. Really concerned about Kate and offering to drop everything to come and help.
'There's no need for that, Miss Cameron. Just be at home when we get there. Where is that, exactly?'
It was arranged he would take Kate there straight away. He did consider dropping by Kate's flat to pick up some personal items, but changed his mind, realising it would be the last place she would want to go. He would fetch anything she needed after he had made all of the necessary arrangements for the move. Personally, he couldn't wait to close the book on that address, as he was finally convinced whoever was doing these horrible things was homing in on Kate, and fast.

By the time they arrived at Sam's flat, Kate had managed to pull herself together, at least on the surface. Watching the two women together and the many small ways they shared things, he felt confident enough to leave them to it and get on with the important stuff. As it was getting late, he telephoned the storage facility and the removers and set the wheels in motion. All that remained for him to do was collect the things Kate needed from the flat.
The list Kate had given him was a long one. He thought it would just be some clothing and toiletries; quite forgetting her medication, all the art supplies and several canvases. By the time he had loaded up his car there was barely enough room for him and no way he could see out of the rear window. Hopefully he wouldn't be pulled over by the law.
He went back inside for a last check and noticed for the first time the large painting that hung over the fireplace in the living room. He walked over to it, drawn by the majesty of the scene. Kate had captured the might of the ocean well he thought, assuming it was one of hers. He would have taken it with him, just in case the removers damaged it, but there just wasn't enough room in his car. Besides, he had used this firm several times and never had a single complaint.
Before he left, he emptied the contents of the fridge into a bin liner and took it out to the dustbin. Confident he had thought of everything, he slammed the front door behind him and drove back to Kate.

They were drinking wine when he arrived and after he had unloaded his car, they offered him a glass. He hesitated. He needed one, that was for sure, but something made him decline.  Kate looked relaxed but tired and he decided it was probably best if he left them to it. After updating Kate with the removal details, he left and went looking for the nearest pub.

The next morning, Kate telephoned him and he could tell it wasn't a social call. It sounded as though she had been crying and he expected more bad news.
'They want me to identify Danny's body, and I don't think I can. But there's no one else. I don't know what to do. Michael, what should I do?'
He had to think fast. What would be the best thing to do? He didn't think she had to identify her brother, there must be occasions when no one was available. They couldn't exactly force her, could they? Then again, he thought, they say you don't get closure if you don't. 'Well...' He was just about to suggest it might be best if she could, when Samantha's voice spoke softly in his ear. 'She will go, Michael, and I will go with her.'
'Are you sure? Do you need me for anything? He had the strangest feeling Miss Cameron would like nothing better than if he could vanish into thin air. It was nothing she said, but he felt it just the same.
She assured him they would be fine and hung up. He felt dismissed and didn't like it one bit. How was he supposed to cement his relationship with Kate, with Miss Efficiency on guard?



Thirty-seven

Finding herself on Sam's couch the next morning, she was more than a little confused. When she remembered why she was there, something inside her started to shrink into a small painful knot. Then she remembered something else. Sometime during the night she had changed her mind, after hovering between self-preservation and sisterly duty; coming down squarely on why should she bother? What was done could not be undone, not by her actions or anyone elses.
And yet, as she cleaned her teeth in Sam's tiny bathroom, she felt more than a little guilty. But was it enough to make her do something she really couldn't face?
One look at Sam's face told her it might be easier to do her duty. Sam had strong opinions about family and all the rights and wrongs thereof. Kate didn't feel strong enough to argue, but she could have dug her heels in; after all what did Sam really know about how families usually worked? Not having any family at all, she had no idea of the reality of family. Considering most people crave a happy family scenario, the truth of most families was a lot less pleasant, usually hiding a multitude of anger and resentment.

On the way to the mortuary, Kate refused to be drawn into any small talk. Sam was desperately trying to lighten the mood, but Kate knew there could be no lightening, not today or anytime soon.
Deep down, underneath all the misery, she was beginning to feel really scared. Too much was happening that was totally out of her control, and although she should be grateful for everything Michael was doing, it didn't help or compensate for the terror she could feel stalking her. The not knowing what or who would be next to die was something she tried desperately not to think about, and was failing miserably.

The atmosphere inside the mortuary seemed surreal, and Kate wondered if it had been designed that way. Deliberately devoid of any human connection. No pictures on the walls, no magazines in the waiting room. Every wall, floor and chair was the same nondescript blue-grey, nothing to jar the delicate emotional state of its visitors.
It had the reverse effect on Kate. As an artist, all the blandness screamed at her. She found herself wanting to run amok with a spray can or pot of paint, anything to show that life had happened here, instead of all the sterile death.

They were shown into a small room, empty of anything but a glass screen, beyond which was a sheet-covered trolley. She stared at the sheet, knowing her brother was probably lying underneath it; but supposing it wasn't him? Maybe she had been wrong and that car only looked like his?
A middle-aged man in a white coat walked up to the trolley and looked at her, presumably waiting for her signal to remove the sheet. But she couldn't speak or move. She knew a nod would do, but that didn't seem to be possible either. Panic began to set in and she knew she had to get a grip or the only movement she would be capable of would be running away.
But of course, logic came to her rescue as she knew it would. She was made of stronger stuff than this. It was only her brother after all, her annoyingly pathetic and pitiful brother.

Kate found herself nodding and the sheet was drawn back. She stared, trying to focus on the person lying on the trolley. At first glance, he looked artificial, like a dummy. Danny had never looked this clean and tidy in his entire life.
It really was him then. No one else was lying in front of her, and although the overall impression was not like him at all, she found herself remembering him as a boy, so full of energy and enthusiasm for everything.
She could feel the tears pushing behind her eyes, but she wouldn't let them go, not yet. She moved closer to the glass, trying to get a good look at his face. Trying to see if there were any clues as to who might have done this. She knew it was probably pointless, Danny had been scrubbed and cleaned almost beyond recognition and any evidence was probably filed away in numerous plastic bags somewhere.
Looking at his face, her emotions built despite herself. She tried to stop them by thinking of all the times she felt like killing him herself, but it didn't work. All she could think of were the happy times when they were young, the secrets they had shared and the fun they had. Tears were sliding down her face now, but she was unaware of them. Sam came and put her arm around her, but she was only vaguely aware of her being there.
She felt as though she was slowly drowning and for the first time she really wanted to. It was all too much; she couldn't cope, not anymore.



Thirty-eight

Holding on to Kate as she stared at her brother's body, Sam felt both helpless and saviour. There was nothing she could do to help, but the seeds of guilt were finding places to take root and grow. She shouldn't have insisted Kate do this, never expected it to have been this hard or have this effect on Kate.
It should have been a simple formality. Kate had never liked her brother, so all this emotion had taken both of them by surprise. So much so, Sam knew if she stepped away from Kate now, her friend would probably end up on the floor.
After the mortuary attendant in a white coat asked the question and Kate had merely nodded, Sam managed to get her out of the building and into the car. They sat there in silence as Kate tried to pull herself together.
'I'm so sorry Sam; I don't know what happened in there. I wasn't expecting that to happen at all.'
Sam squeezed her hand gently. 'Don't worry about it Kate, it doesn't matter.'
Kate shook her head. 'Oh yes it does, but not how you think. I think I was crying for Janet and Dylan too, they mattered more to me than Danny.'
Sam frowned, wondering what was going on in her friends head. Hopefully it would all become clearer when Kate felt like talking again. That's if she ever did. All the things that had been happening, added to Michael turning up again, seemed to have temporarily unhinged her. At least Sam hoped it was temporary.

Her attention drifted away from Kate as she drove them back to her flat. She was wondering about Michael. What exactly was he up too? She knew he was helping Kate to move out of her flat, which was something she had tried to get Kate to do for a while now. It was all a bit convenient, she thought. Almost as though he knew how Sam felt about Kate, that their relationship wasn't just agent and friend. But how could he, when even Kate hadn't guessed?
He seemed nice enough; good looking too, but Sam couldn't help feeling suspicious and more than a little jealous. Why had he turned up now, after all this time? The fact he could be so helpful, providing everything Kate needed had to be more than convenient, didn't it?
Sam couldn't help but feel the battle lines had been drawn, and she didn't stand a dogs chance of winning. Not that she had ever gotten anywhere with Kate and the possibility was getting further away, almost out of reach.

Back at the flat, Sam busied herself in the kitchen, wondering what would happen next. She had expected Michael to turn up, all sympathy and flowers and was glad when he simply telephoned to check on Kate. He did ask if he could come around that evening and Sam had to agree, although every word tried to choke her.
Waiting for the kettle to boil, Sam glanced out of the window. Someone nearby must be having some electrical work done, she thought, as she noticed the tradesman's van that was parked across the road.


Sam hadn't been prepared for the way her normally ordered life turned upside down the minute Kate moved in. It was mostly due, she thought, to the impending opening of Seascapes, the new gallery in London.
There was still so much to do and she was having to use all of her mental strength not to stop everything and just watch Kate as she painted all day and half the night. All those precious moments discussing the paintings, sharing all the overdue closeness over coffee, had Sam constantly wondering.
It was really all she wanted to do, despite all of her dreams and ambitions.

Up until that moment, a part of her was counting on everything seemingly happening by magic, just as all the milestones in her life had done in the past. If she had stopped to think about it properly, she would have seen that having Kate so close to her was making all the difference in the world. The fact her heart was beating almost out of control had nothing to do with her business at all. The sheer unadulterated joy of being so close to the woman she had loved so much, for so long was overwhelming.
She secretly hoped Michael would stay away, actually wanted him to vanish, as his continued presence was like a huge fly in their delicate pot of ointment. He did try to stay away, Sam had to concede that much, but she couldn't help feeling there was some kind of duel going on; both of them wanting Kate; but not wanting to do anything that would draw the battle lines for fear of alienating Kate.
Sam hoped the situation would resolve itself, once Kate made up her mind who and what it was she wanted.

Sam tried hard to push all of her yearnings and longings into the back of her mind, fully aware Kate had loved Michael with all of her heart and soul in the past. If a remnant of that love still existed, even deeply buried, Sam didn't really stand a chance.
It took a great effort to leave the flat every day, knowing she would be leaving Kate vulnerable to Sir Galahad's charms. She had to admit he was still quite a catch if you liked that sort of thing, and kept looking for his clay feet, convinced they had to be there, somewhere. But it would appear, at least on the surface; he was perfect in every way and that just wasn't possible. He had to be good at hiding whatever it was.
There was no sign of the cowardice that had broken Kate's heart all those years ago, the time he couldn't run away from her fast enough. But every time he was near Kate, being oh so kind and considerate and smiling so beautifully at her, it was all Sam could do not to scream out his shame and remind Kate of what he could easily do again.

The day of the opening was getting closer. Kate had done well and several paintings were already installed on Seascapes walls. Sam wanted her to come up and see how everything was shaping up, but she declined, insisting she would prefer to wait until the opening when she could see it finished. She was also trying to complete one more painting, her masterpiece as she called it.
This painting was large, even by Kate's standards. The ever present stormy sea was in the background for a change, seen through the branches of an old and gnarled windswept tree. Out of a turbulent sky, jagged lightning bolts of blue and lavender angled down towards the water, searching for something to hit. Something about the controlled passion in the painting brought a lump to Sam's throat, as she realised the painting symbolised everything Kate was feeling, and in a way, it represented the three of them. She wasn't even sure if Kate was aware of what she was doing, for when she painted she switched everything off; almost as though she became another person, a person who didn't want or need anything other than the brush in her hand.
Sam stood in the doorway and watched as Kate worked on the lightning. It seemed to tear through the canvas, letting a powerful light flow through and reflect on the water. Sam wondered which element she was; the sea, the tree or the lightning?
She knew if she could only figure it out, it would help her to understand what she had to do to keep Kate with her. Something that seemed to be fading away, the closer they were to the opening and the moving in day for the cottage.



Thirty-nine

Kate was sitting in front of her easel, but she wasnt painting. She couldnt decide if the painting in front of her was finally finished, chewing the end of her paintbrush as if she would find the answer inside the wood. The all too familiar pain that had been plaguing her for days was getting worse even though she was doing her best to ignore, was starting to scare her. At one point, she didnt think she would have the time to complete her commitment to Sam, but the gallery opening was just two days away and she was pleased with what she had accomplished. 
This one had turned out to be quite spectacular, rendering both Sam and Michael speechless as they watched its creation. Kate had to admit she had not intended to paint the lightning. The idea had come out of nowhere, and seemed to encapsulate everything that was happening in her life right then. She had the feeling this would be her last painting, but could not understand why she felt that.

The flat was quiet. Sam had gone to work early, so busy with all the preparations she was exhausted by the time she came home again.
Michael was conspicuous by his absence, only popping in occasionally to see how she was; dutifully respecting her need to complete as much work for the new gallery as was humanly possible. The work on the cottage was nearing completion too, but he had given up trying to interest her in its progress. She was adamant she would not see it until the day she moved in and it was truly hers. That day, which had once seemed so far away was drawing near, and although she would be reluctant to leave the peace and tranquillity of Sams flat, the idea of having her own private sanctuary again was the only thing that had kept her going these last few weeks.

Do you think you will make it, Kate? Have you the strength or the desire to leave this place? I do not think you do, for you have not stepped outside since your arrival. And what about the pain you so cleverly hide from your friends? Pretending it is not there will not make it go away.

Kate knew he was right. He was always right. Perhaps she should go for a walk now the painting was finished. She could afford to take a break, before life took off on a gallop one more time. But as she stood up, the pain in her chest increased and the room began to revolve slowly around her.
Maybe today wasnt a good day for a walk, she thought sadly as she sat down again.  She was probably just exhausted, for although she hadnt been the one running around like Sam, the amount of painting she had done over the past few weeks had obviously taken its toll on her energy reserves. She was often still painting when Sam woke up in the morning, and had long since been fit enough to pull all-nighters.  But she was determined to do as much as she possibly could to make Sams opening a success.
All the emotions that had been flying around might have had something to do with her weakened state, not to mention the pain and worry she had so far managed to hide. None of it was conducive to creativity, so when the idea for this last canvas arrived in her head she was astonished to say the least. But as she began to work on it, she began to see the connection to the strain she was under.
There was a kind of battle going on in the painted scene between the sea, the tree and the lightning. Nature often produced situations like this, but usually involved a human element of some kind. Kate didnt care about how it worked, however nature decided to do it, the power and majesty she had managed to capture were undeniable.

It was funny how it seemed to reflect what was happening around her, she thought. Far from being an escape from tension, being in Sams flat had become a restrained battleground with every one trying so hard not to reveal their desires and intentions and failing miserably. Michael, she could understand. She knew what he wanted; at least she thought she did. He wanted Kate all to himself and resented having to share her with Sam. Sam on the other hand, was trying so hard not to mind him dropping by. It was almost comical.
But the day Kate discovered there was a lot more to it than concern over Kates art production came as quite a surprise. Maybe she should have realised what was going on. Why hadnt she?
It had happened one evening as Kate was trying to decide which idea she would paint next. The table was strewn with photographs, but inspiration was in short supply and Kate was getting increasingly annoyed. Sam had come up behind her and casually put her arm around Kates shoulders. Nothing odd about that really, she had done the same thing many times before; but as they studied the photographs, their heads moving slowly together, an uncomfortable silence descended and Kate began to feel peculiar as if something was wrong.
Sams perfume was intoxicating and suddenly Kate couldnt breathe. She tried to stand up, but Sam held on to her shoulders. Whats wrong Kate?
Im not sure, something doesnt feel right
Sam moved her hand from Kates shoulder to her hair, smoothing back the wispy curls that threatened to hide her face. Nothings wrong Kate. I love you; surely you know that by now?
Kate stared at her, trying to understand what those words meant. Did she mean like a friend, or something completely different? The memory of that time, years before when they had both been too drunk to know what they were doing, suddenly surfaced, giving Kate the answer.
And I love you Sam, but not like that. Im sorry, but it could never be like that.
Sam stood up, away from the table and laughed nervously. Dont mind me Kate. Im so tired I dont know what Im talking about.
Kate watched her leave the room, knowing a brave face would never solve that particular problem.



Forty

Jack was getting sick and tired of sitting in the van; watching and waiting, not really sure what he was doing there. He knew something had to happen, something bad and it had to happen soon or he would go out of his mind.
Scattered around him were the remains of his late night foraging. Food cartons and beer cans juggled for space in the confines of the van, the greasy odour of fried chicken permeating the stale air. He had used the lemon scented wipes provided with the meal to clean his hands, but a shower was what was really needed. Being cramped and dirty was not improving his mood and his nerves were stretched to screaming point. He had started chewing the ends of his fingers again, some of them badly enough to make them bleed. His muscles were cramping painfully, unable as he was to fully stretch them due to lack of space. He desperately wanted to walk, even run, to feel the blood move in his veins and the wind in his hair. But the thought of missing the final piece of the puzzle kept him where he was.

He had been patient for so long, looking for clues as to the best way to finally end the years of pain and torment she had caused. He wondered if she ever thought of him at all. Watching her now, he would say the answer was no. She was caught up with whatever was happening right now and didnt appear to be thinking of anything, least of all him.
But he was gradually fixing her wagon, wasnt he? Systematically removing everyone and everything he was sure she loved more than him. Hoping when the last one had gone she would remember him and what they had shared. The short time they had been together was so gloriously magical, special by anyones standards and felt so right. He still didnt understand how she could have walked away from him. After all, hadnt he rescued her from a life of poverty and humiliation? Struggling to bring up a child was hard, he could see that, and even managed to convince himself he could be a good father if it meant he could have her too.
But it hadnt worked out that way. For some reason it had all gone wrong. The boy had died and she blamed him, running away before she thought it could happen to her too.

He was sure something was about to happen. In the last few days there had been much coming and going. The stuck up bitch had been taking pictures away from the flat every day, and there had been several visits by Mr Perfect, who obviously thought he still stood a chance with Kate. Just as soon as a plan had been formulated they both had to die of course, but Kate must be left alone, of that much he was certain.

He had followed Mr Perfect on several occasions, convinced there was something going on he knew nothing about. At first, he saw nothing that interested him in the slightest. The good-looking imbecile was, in fact, quite boring and predictable. He went to work regularly, was sociable and considerate to everyone he met; always well turned out and worst of all, always cheerful.
No wonder women never hesitated to give him the time of day, he thought, as he started biting another fingernail, the skin around it already raw from previous gnawings.
He had given him the nickname Mr Perfect a long time ago, and it still fitted him like a glove. He would have to come up with a suitable end for him, nothing messy or untidy. Shame he thought, for those were the ones he liked best.
On yet another boring day of following him around, just when he was ready to give up and go back to watching Kate, Mr Perfect did something quite out of character. He had arrived at the estate agents dressed in casual, almost scruffy clothes and left again almost immediately. Then he drove out of Guildford into the heart of the surrounding countryside and pulled up outside a quaint old cottage that had seen better days. Several tins of paint and a stepladder went inside and it would seem he would be there a while.
What was this all about? It didnt look like the kind of place he would want to live.
Then the penny dropped. This was for Kate, of course it was. It was just the sort of place which would appeal to her and she obviously thought it was remote enough for her to feel safe.
Just how wrong could she be?

He had visited the gallery too, even made himself useful in his guise as electrician. This had turned out to be invaluable, as he now had a working knowledge and layout of the place in his head for future reference. The stuck up bitch had offered him another job at the gallery. Some of the spotlights were acting up and she had asked oh so sweetly if he could have a look at them. He wasnt going to, but now he wondered if another opportunity might arise to further his cause, so he decided to clean himself up a bit and see what he could do.
All he needed now was a plan and fast, for the gallery opening was scheduled for the day after tomorrow.
As he drove away, the germ of an idea began to grow and he smiled.



Forty-one

The day before the opening had arrived and instead of being a day of panic and confusion, chaos and uncertainty, it turned out to be none of those things.
Having finished all the paintings for Seascapes, Kate had been experimenting with a watercolour of the cottage, as it was when she first saw it. A different effect from the bold acrylic she normally used; the transparency of the watercolour had captured the ethereal quality she had fallen in love with, rekindling her desire to live there.
Sam was gone all day and there had been no messages, no last minute nerves or worries that Kate knew about. It was like the calm before the storm, Kate thought and laughed. What an odd way of putting it.

But that is a good way to put it, Kate, because who knows what will happen tomorrow?
Are you sure you are ready to face the public, to stand or fall by your achievements?
Are you even well enough to contemplate doing this?

She had been expecting him to put his finger on all the things she had been fretting about and told herself it was no big deal. The gallery would be full of people, for Sam had invited just about everyone she knew in the art world not to mention the Press, so Kate should be able to find a convenient corner to hide in.
As for the pain, it wasnt so bad. She probably just needed to rest.
Michael would be there tomorrow and she still wasnt sure how she felt about that. Her feelings for him had undergone a dramatic change these last few weeks, almost as though she never loved him and pined for him for years. Sometimes she wondered if she even liked him, encouraged in her head no doubt by the voice to remember what he had done all those years ago.
Or was she somehow adopting Sams attitude towards him?

It had turned out well, her being here with Sam, away from all the grisly memories that permeated her own flat. She had experienced so much peace since here, despite the uneasy friction between Sam and Michael. There had been that awkwardness in the beginning, but since Kate had put Sam straight about her sexuality, it had not been mentioned again. If Sam was unhappy with that decision she didnt show it, although Kate noticed a distance between them that wasnt there before.

Kate expected Michael to turn up today, full of all the changes he had made to the cottage. She wasnt sure if she would be happy with all the things he insisted on doing, already she was beginning to think of it as his cottage.
She waited for the voice to chip in and remind her it was her decision to stay away, her decision to let him get on with it. If the end result was not to her liking there was no one to blame but herself.
She had been too busy painting but that was no excuse, not really. It was almost as though she didnt want anyone to know how much she wanted and needed the cottage. She often worried she might have imagined what the place felt like, what it offered her, and if Michael in his enthusiasm had ruined it all.
She would soon find out, as Michael was driving her there the day after the opening.

Kate suddenly realised she hadnt given a thought to what she would wear tomorrow. Even though she had painted most of what would be on the walls, she could hardly turn up in her painting clothes, much as she would like to. She looked down at the old jeans she was wearing. Very colourful, she thought, with probably every shade of paint all over them, but sadly, not for tomorrow. She wasnt sure what clothing she had brought with her, it was just possible all the better stuff was in storage and the panic that had been conspicuous by its absence, arrived with a flourish.
Bloody hell if I dont turn up at the blessed opening, Sam will never forgive me, she wailed as she rummaged through the small pile of clothing. She found a pair of paint free black trousers but nothing suitable to go with them. Now what do I do?
She wondered if Sam had anything. They werent the same size, but maybe she had a loose top she could borrow.

An hour or so later after Kate had checked out every item of clothing in Sams wardrobe and discarded most of them, the only top she had found was white and lacy, totally out of character for Kate. It was the only thing that fitted, so it would have to do. As she was putting everything back, she found an old biscuit tin tucked under some jumpers. Something told her to take a look and she lifted the lid, expecting to find family mementoes.
There were no family snaps inside the tin, instead were dozens of photographs of Kate, most of them taken without her knowledge, doing normal, everyday things. Looking at them, she began to realise just how much Sam had always loved her; right from the beginning. How had she managed to hide her feelings for all these years?
It was so incredibly sad to discover her friend and ally had lived without the kind of love she needed for so long, probably hoping and praying one day Kate would feel the same. Kate loved her dearly, but never like that. The sadness overwhelmed her and she cried for all the things her friend had missed while she waited patiently for something that could never be.
Kate thought she had suffered, pining for Michael all these years, but she never knew where he was so the pain was different. How much worse would it feel, to see someone practically every day and know you would probably never have them?


As Kate put the tin away and closed the wardrobe door, the telephone rang. It was Michael, checking everything was on track for the opening. 
Are you okay, Kate? You sound a bit funny
Yes, Im fine. See you tomorrow morning
She hung up quickly, before he could say anything, and curled up on the bed as the pain in her chest had suddenly increased to a dangerous level. Probably the upset, she thought. Be better tomorrow.


~~~


The next morning Kate felt much better. The pain in her chest had shrunk to a manageable ache so she had probably been worrying for nothing.
Sam loved the idea of Kate wearing one of her favourite tops and offered to do something with her hair, but apart from using one of Sams expensive designer shampoos, Kate declined the offer.
Sam decided to wear a smart business-like suit, stating that she had to look the part even if she didnt feel it. You dont get a second chance to make a good impression, so Im leaving nothing to chance. Theres a lot riding on today and I want it to be perfect.
Kate smiled, knowing Sam had nothing to worry about. She had moved heaven and earth to make sure this latest adventure would be a raging success for both of them, and Kate had no doubt it would be.

They decided to take the train up to London, basically to avoid the traffic and the strain of driving. Kate hadnt been to London for what seemed like an age, and the journey turned out to be pleasant. Much more relaxing than sitting in a hot and cramped car and being subjected to all manner of distractions; and the countryside looked so much better from the window of the train.
Michael had insisted on driving himself to London, said he couldnt see the point of being reliant on someone elses timetable. In a way Kate was pleased he wouldnt be accompanying them. This had always supposed to be their special day, something she and Sam had worked long and hard for. It was somehow fitting he would have to turn up on his own like any other visitor.

The gallery wasnt far from the station and as they walked the short distance, Sam was quiet and as pale as a ghost. She smiled nervously every time Kate said something and she had the feeling if someone made a loud noise, Sam would jump out of her skin. This means so much, Kate thought, hoping it would turn out to be a thumping success. Sam deserved that much at least.
The new London manager turned out to be a business-like young man called Jonathan Bourne, which was quite a surprise. He was the son of a wealthy art critic and been involved in the art world since he was a child. He seemed nice enough, Kate thought, making a mental note not to call him Johnny. But then again, it might be interesting to see what would happen if she did.

The new gallery did not disappoint, it looked amazing; and as Jonathan pointed out some of the changes he had instigated, Sam looked happy enough. The white walls were the perfect backdrop for Kates paintings, the vibrant colours seeming to leap out at you. It was all so bright and professional; Sam had every right to be as proud as punch.
It all looks brilliant, Sam, she whispered, feeling small in the scheme of things.
Sam gripped her hand, pulling Kate towards her. I couldnt have done any of it without you, Kate. For a moment she looked so sad Kate felt like crying, but then the moment passed and Sam walked away to greet the guests who had started coming through the doors.

The day passed in a blur of strange faces, all enthusiastic about the new gallery and the paintings. Kate ended up feeling quite special and more than a little tipsy. People kept putting a glass of champagne in her hand and she had to have one sip at least before finding somewhere to put it down.
She discovered that when anyone bought a painting, a little red sticker was stuck on it and by the end of the afternoon most of her paintings had one. Michael was impressed when he turned up, his eyes widening at the number of people who were milling about and almost popped out of his head when he saw all the stickers.
At this rate, Kate, you might be able to afford to buy the cottage after all.
Kate looked at him. He was obviously good at mental arithmetic and probably knew to the penny what she was worth. She didnt really care how much she had made, it was enough to know she wouldnt have to struggle for a while.
When all the bright lights began to spin slowly around her, she looked for a chair and remembered seeing one outside Sams office. Michael found her there, just as she sat down. He must have followed her and couldnt decide if she liked that idea or not.
I bet you havent eaten anything today, have you? Your blood sugar must be on the floor. Let me get you something?
She nodded, wondering what the champagne might have done to her blood sugar; but if he wanted her to eat something, so be it.
He came back with a plate of canaps and cheese biscuits. The canaps looked totally alien and inedible, but she nibbled on the biscuits, suddenly hungry.
Turned out well, hasnt it? He said; obviously out of his depth and unsure what he should talk about. This was all new to him and he still looked a little like a deer caught in the headlights.
With her mouth stuffed full of biscuit she was forced to nod, wishing he would go away and flirt with someone who looked as though they cared.
He tried again. What time does it end, do you know?
Mouth still busy she shook her head, finally managing to speak. You dont have to stay you know. Ill be fine.
Just as she was trying not to notice the wounded expression on his face, raised voices drew her attention. Kate stood up, looking for Sam but not finding her. People started rushing about and she could see Jonathan, a terrified look on his face and a mobile phone clamped to his ear. As she made her way to him, she heard the end of his conversation. ..she seems to have fallen.please hurry.
She grabbed his arm, What is it, whats happened?
Its Sam, she must have fallenGod knows what she was doing.her head.bleedingunconscious.Oh God, I hope the ambulance gets here soon.
She pushed past him, her eyes searching for Sam. Her office door was open and Kate could see an upturned chair and Sam lying on the floor next to it. There was blood in her hair and on the side of her face and her eyes were closed. A woman was kneeling beside her, holding her hand and positively glared at Kate as she walked into the office. Shell be all right, she has to be
Kate felt helpless. What had happened? She found herself staring at the stepladder, unable to understand what she was looking at. Was it supposed to be twisted like that? Why was Sam standing on it in the first place?
The ambulance crew arrived and insisted on taking Sam to hospital to be checked over. She had finally opened her eyes but didnt seem to know where she was or what had happened.
By the time the ambulance had left, many of the people had gone. Jonathan was coping extraordinarily well for a youngster, Kate thought, the gallery should be in safe hands and she could leave, but where to? She didnt want to go back to Guildford, she had to be near the hospital; so when Michael offered to take her for a meal, she agreed.

What happened next was classic. After a meal she barely remembered eating, she found herself in a hotel room with Michael, who obviously had drunk more than a few sips of champagne and thought it was time for a little romance. She avoided him for as long as she could, but when he started to insist, she lost her temper.
Get your hands off mewhat the hell do you think youre doing?
Come on Kate, be nice. Ive waited long enough, havent I?
She stared at him. What exactly was his problem? After the day she had just had, so high one minutedevastation the next, he had the gall to think she would settle for him? The man was incredible and so was his timing.
No, Michael, I will not be nice, and no, you have not waited long enough. Not nearly long enough. Can you please just go away now and leave me alone? She watched him carefully, unsure of his reaction. He wasnt sure either, if his expression was anything to go by. As she watched, surprise gave way to indignation, closely followed by a hint of anger and ended with despair.
If thats what you want, Kate. But I wont be far away.
He made no move to touch her and for she was grateful. After he left, she felt so helpless and alone but didnt regret him leaving in the slightest.



Forty-two

The gallery opening was in full swing as Jack pretended to check a spotlight in the stuck-up-bitchs office; all he could hear were loud exclamations of praise for the artist. He had to admit, most of the art on the walls was impressive by anyones standards. Pity Kate hadnt found her vocation a little sooner, he thought; she might not have run away from him if she had something like this to keep her occupied. Although he had seen the state of the room she painted in and he really couldnt have lived with the mess.
He remembered the time she wanted to redecorate the childs room. Everything about it was wrong she said, but the more he listened to her plans and tried to like her suggestions, the more he knew he would not be allowing her to do anything at all.
There had been nothing wrong with his house. He had created it, every last detail and he liked it just fine. When she had stupidly argued with him in her determination to have her own way, the many bruises she received soon changed her mind and she never spoke of it again.

The door opened and the stuck-up-bitch appeared. From the look on her face he knew he was in trouble, but it was all part of his plan.
What are you doing here, today of all days?
He looked down at her from the stepladder hoping to intimidate her a little, but she just glared up at him. Well?
Okay, okay I thought you wanted these spots checked.
Not today I didnt. Can you please get out of here, like now?
There was a nasty edge creeping into her voice and he could feel the mist begin to gather in his head. Leaving the cover of the spotlight dangling from its cover, he came down from the ladder and gathered up his tools. He walked slowly up to her, trying to be as menacing as possible and was pleased when she appeared to shrink away from him. Perhaps you should have made your instructions a little clearer, hmm?

Once back inside the van, he wondered how long it would take her to want to fix the cover on the spotlight. Probably no time at all, he thought, smiling at his thoughts. She would need to use the ladder and he had fixed it so it would collapse the next time someone used it, cleverly pocketing the safety catch when he propped the ladder against the wall. If this strategy didnt work and there was no reason to suppose it wouldnt, there was always the exposed wires on the light itself as back up; and if they both worked, so much the better.
He didnt have long to wait. Several people had started to leave, although it was far too early for the day to be over. Then he heard the sound of an ambulance coming nearer.
A lot more people left the gallery before the ambulance crew came back out and loaded a stretcher into the back of the ambulance.
Hopefully that was number seven taken care of, he thought; feeling ridiculously pleased his plan had worked. That just left Mr Perfect, and he hadnt quite made up his mind on that one.
Just as he was thinking of driving off, Kate and the idiot in question came out of the gallery. Judging from the look of her face, she had been crying and the idiot kept trying to put his arm around her but she pulled away every time, leaving him looking as awkward as he probably felt. At least that relationship was not doing well, and that finally made his day.



Forty-three

 It took Kate a few minutes to remember where she was when she awoke in a hotel room, and why she was there. When it all came back to her, she lay there and wondered how she could have made the mistake of thinking Michael was any different to how he was before. She knew now he wasnt the least bit special and hadnt changed at all.
He had really shown his true colours and all of her dreams regarding him were finally shattered. Pity he was involved with the cottage, as she would prefer never to see him again. Of course she didnt have to take the cottage, no money had changed hands. It would be a shame, but the thought of him knowing where to find her was a bridge too far.
Suddenly the image of Sam lying on her office floor hit her like a fist. She didnt even know if she was alive or dead, what kind of friend did that make her? She ought to try telephoning the hospital but she knew they probably wouldnt give her any information; so she hurriedly dressed and left the hotel, hoping to find a taxi.

Finding out what had happened to Sam seemed an impossible task. Everyone she spoke to at the hospital had never heard of her and didnt have a clue what she was talking about. Just when she was at her wits end, she spotted Michael, too late to avoid him as he bore down on her. He looked agitated, so maybe he had news about Sam.
Thank God youre here, Kate. Its been an absolute nightmare. He took her arm. We cant talk here, theres a coffee shop on the ground floorI have so much to tell you
He was leading her by the arm before she had a chance to decide if that was what she wanted to do, but she had to find out what he knew about Sam.
Once they were seated and coffee had appeared seemingly from out of nowhere, he started to talk about the gallery and the police, but she stopped him. 
Never mind all that, how is Sam?
The look he gave her chilled her blood and she had the horrible feeling it was bad news.
I dont know if Im supposed to tell you this, but they never said not to, so
Michael, for heavens sake, just tell me how she is?
He looked nervously at all the people in the coffee shop and started talking in a low voice. It was bad, Kate, touch and go at one point. They didnt think she would make it. Theyre still not sure if she will wake up but think she might. It wasnt just the bump on the head; apparently she was electrocuted as well.
Kate listened intently, her heart plummeting to unfathomable depths. How could it have happened and why? She didnt understand.
As if he could read her mind, he tried to answer her unspoken question. The police dont think it was an accident. The stepladder and the spotlight had been tampered with.
But how?
They dont know yet, but they are treating it as an attempted murder mentioned your brother too for some reason.
Everything he said was making her head swim and she could feel the panic creeping up on her. The last thing she needed right now was for the awful dizziness to return. Taking some deep breaths, hoping it would calm her down, she asked, Where is she, Michael. I have to see her.
He nodded. Ill take you there in a minute, but before we go I have to explain whats happening. The police dont want anyone else to know she is here, or even alive, so she is here under a different name.
She stared at him, unable to take it all in at first. Why are they connecting what happened to Sam with my brother?
Apparently there has been a spate of killings in and around your neighbourhood and they are wondering if there could be a connection. Basically, I think they are just covering all the bases if you ask me.

Kate stood up, unable to wait any longer. Michael didnt argue or say anymore, just led her to the nearest lift and they went up to the Intensive Care Unit.
Sam, or Jane Smith, which was the name above the bed, was in the corner of the ward connected to a life support machine, her chest rising and falling to the steady clunk of the machine. You could be forgiven for thinking she was dead already, laid out the way she was; the regular movement of her chest the only sign that anything was happening. Kate stared at her face intently, trying to make an eyelid flicker; anything to prove she was still alive, but there was nothing.
They were told by a young doctor they were keeping Miss Smith in a coma with medication, so her brain had a chance to heal. Probably wont wake her up for a couple more days yet, so no point hanging around.
Kate didnt like the feeling of being dismissed, feeling useless was bad enough. She suddenly thought she should be checking in with the gallery in case there was some way she could be of help.
Michael insisted on coming with her and she didnt really feel strong enough to argue. He still wanted to take her to see the cottage and she said she would not decide until after they had seen Jonathan Bourne, but she already knew she would not be going.

On the way to the gallery, Kates brain was working overtime. The fact the police were wondering if there was a connection between Sam and her brother seemed to lead to the worrying thought of who might be next, not to mention why?
That thought led to her old neighbour, Janet Goldman. What had happened to her did seem odd at the time. Then there was her cat, Dylan, hardly an accident either. If something was going on, should she be visiting Sam in hospital? If the police wanted to keep her whereabouts a secret, surely that was out of the question?
The thought did occur to her that maybe she should be talking to the police, not Michael. Then she started looking at him in a new light too, what exactly did she know about him? He could be a serial killer for all she knew, after all, he had proved to have had a heart of stone once before, hadnt he?

If Jonathan Bourne was surprised to see Kate coming through the door of the gallery, he didnt show it. He was about to close up, for the police had just left after completing their investigation. It was suggested the gallery should close for a few days, and as a mark of respect for Samantha, I agreed. 
He looked so sad Kate wondered if the police had told him the truth. It would appear not.
He assured her everything was under control. The accountant had taken charge of the situation. The money from the sales would be in her account in a few days. The rest of the gallery business would have to wait until the reading of the will.
As they left the gallery, Kate told Michael she would be travelling back to Guildford on her own. She needed time to think and no, she didnt want to see the cottage, not today. Probably not ever, she thought. Ignoring the stunned look on his face, she made her way to the train station.

~~~


Michael was conspicuous by his absence over the next few days. Kate had fully expected him to turn up, if only to get her to go and see the cottage and all his hard work.
She checked in with the hospital every day and the minute they hinted they would be waking Sam up later that day, she was on the next train to London.

This time the journey seemed to take forever and she was acutely aware of everyone she saw. Did any of them look familiar? Had she seen any of them before? The thought someone might be following her to find Sams whereabouts was constantly on her mind, Michaels words repeating like a mantra in her headsome kind of connection.

It is so easy to blame yourself for everything, Kate, but even if you were the reason for all that has happened, who have you ever met that could kill indiscriminately in cold blood? He would have to be a seriously disturbed individual, do you not think?

Listening to the voice, Michaels face was the only one she saw, and she thought back to her earlier question. What did she really know about him, not much if she was honest. She relived the terrible fight he had with his father so long ago and remembered the look on his face as he walked past her on his way out of the door. Thinking back, he had looked dangerous. and then her brain jumped to the day he had walked out on her. He had seemed so cold, almost brutally so.
When the train arrived at Waterloo Station, Kate found herself standing on the busy platform, her head having decided Michael was the cold-hearted murderer who had killed practically everyone she knew and she was probably next on his list. Standing there, she knew she had to make a decision of some kind, if only she knew what it was. All she could think of was the way Michael had behaved in the hotel after the gallery opening. That was not the Michael she thought she knew and it all made perfect sense to blame him for everything.

Are you sure, my dear Kate? Personally, I would not have pegged Michael Barratt as a cold-blooded killer. I know he hurt you badly once, but is that a good enough reason to suspect him of all these horrible things?

The words did make sense, and suddenly Kate thought of something. Looking around, she spotted a telephone box and made her way to it. She would try to talk to his father, he would know if his son were capable of killing anyone. If he was still alive or even at the same address. Luckily, she had remembered the number, which was a minor miracle in itself.
It took a long time for someone to answer the telephone and when they did, it was the voice of a much younger man.
Hello, I need to speak to John Barratt, is he there?
No love, fraid he isnt. Who are you anyway and what do you want with him?
Kate had the vague feeling this person knew more than he was letting on and thought fast. Im his daughter-in-law and havent seen him in ages. Just wondering how he was, you know, these days? God, that sounded so lame, she thought.
When he didnt answer straight away, she thought he had hung up as the silence stretched between them.
Well, no harm in telling you now, I suppose; it was a long time ago anyway. The old guy is dead; someone killed him ages ago
Kate dropped the receiver like a hot coal and backed out of the telephone box.

So now you know. Shame, for I quite liked him. What exactly will you do about it? You will have to be careful, my dear Kate.he could be anywhere

Kate felt exposed in the busy station and incredibly alone. There was absolutely no one she could trust, let alone rely on. The thought Michael could be following her even now made her want to crawl into a corner and die.
But the thought Sam might still need her chased the depression away, to be followed by the faint stirrings of anger. The more she thought about what he had done, the stronger the anger became. How dare he do these things?

~~~

At the hospital, trying to get to the Intensive Care Unit without being noticed, Kate began to feel like a criminal, but because of her vigilance, she was sure Michael wasnt there.
As she walked into the Unit, her heart lurched when she saw the bed had gone. For a minute, she just wanted to sink to the floor and give up, assuming the worst. One of the nurses spotted her and hurried over. Miss Smith has gone for some tests; dont worry, shell be back in a minute.
Kate managed to smile at her, even though it was the last thing she felt like doing; and in no time at all, her friend was wheeled back into the unit, bed and all.
The rest of the afternoon passed in a blur, as different doctors came and went. Decisions were made and then changed, as they debated all the pros and cons.
Finally, it seemed they had come to an agreement. Kate watched, barely holding her breath as an injection was administered. The young doctor who had spoken to her before, approached Kate. Just a matter of time now, Im afraid. Whether she will actually regain consciousness remains to be seen.
But how long before you know Kate hated asking the question, but had to know.
Ideally, we would expect her to wake within the hour, but these cases are unpredictable. We will be running an EEG later on to check on her brain function, so well know more then.
Kate nodded. None of it sounded good to her, and the thought of losing Sam was almost unbearable.

The next hour seemed interminable as Kate sat beside the bed and tried to will Sam into waking up. Much later, the same young doctor turned up with a nurse in tow and proceeded to wire Sam up to a machine to record her brain waves, if there were any. Annoyingly, Kate couldnt see the display on the machine to see if any of the needles were moving, but the expressions on their faces would indicate they werent.
Please God, let her wake up she prayed, hoping just this once it would work. But as they unplugged the machine and walked away from the bed, she knew her plea had gone unanswered.
Maybe it was too soon. Sam wasnt ready yet, that had to be the reason.

They tried again, several hours later with the same result. Then came the devastating news. If a further test failed to find any activity at all, they would be forced to switch off the life support.
Kate didnt know what to do. She felt numb and unable to believe this was happening. She ought to get something to eat and drink as she had been at the hospital for hours, but couldnt force herself to leave Sam. It was as if her presence was important somehow.

My dear Kate, your friend has gone. No point waiting for something that cannot happen. Go home and sort your own life out, there is nothing more you can do here.

She heard the voice and hated what he said, knowing he was probably right; but she had no home, and no friends either by the look of it. There was nothing to sort out and not much point doing anything anyway.

~~~

Back at Sams flat, Kate began to feel uncomfortable, convinced someone was watching her. She knew she couldnt go back to her own flat as there was nothing there anymore and Michael had the keys anyway. She had to do something, but what?  What could she do to protect herself against this fiend, this brute who was attacking everyone she knew? She wished she had a gun, but this was England, not America. She probably couldnt hit the side of a barn anyway.
Kate found herself staring at the knives on a magnetic plate on the kitchen wall. Most of them were far too big and she would probably end up cutting herself to ribbons. Anyway, how did you carry such a thing on your person? She wanted to feel better prepared but couldnt think of any weapon she could carry.
She wandered into Sams bedroom, wondering if her friend had anything suitable. There was nothing of any use in any of the drawers. She had almost given up when she picked up an aerosol can of deodorant. It was better than nothing, she thought and would be easy to carry in a coat pocket or bag.



Forty-four

Jack had come up with the perfect plan to remove Mr Perfect from the picture once and for all. Everything hinged on whether he would be at work that day, and Jack prayed he would be, as he wanted rid of him so much it hurt.
Luck was on his side, he spotted someone with dark curly hair at the back of the estate agents. He had no idea if just turning up would work, or whether he needed an appointment, but it was worth a try. All the preparation had been done, a suitable property was available; all he needed now was for Mr P to cooperate and take him to view it.
It all went like clockwork, and before he knew it, Jack was walking around his chosen property; a large house in its own grounds not far from the centre of Woking, just four miles from Guildford. It was the perfect choice, with no neighbours anywhere in sight.

In his haste to get rid of his nemesis, Jack had dispensed with the need for any self-indulgence on his part. Several bashes on the head rendered the man unconscious.  The amount of petrol he used would take care of the rest, he thought, grinning like a maniac as he threw a burning rag behind him as he left through the front door.
The reason for his haste soon became apparent. He needed to get back to Guildford to see if Kate was home for he was planning a surprise visit; finally possible because all the obstacles to their relationship had been removed.

~~~

It was supremely happy Jack Holland who turned up at Samantha Camerons flat. He wanted his arrival be a surprise, and judging by the look on Kates face, it definitely was.
She stared at him, unable to believe her eyes.
Hello Kate, long time no see. Have you missed me, hmm?
When she didnt answer, he put her lack of communication down to the sheer joy of seeing him again. He fully expected her to fall into his arms, acknowledging his role as saviour, even if it took her a while to get over the shock.
He produced a bottle of wine with a flourish, pleased with his demonstration of the magnitude of the situation. She seemed nervous, but he could see she was trying to relax and smile, something he was pleased to see, as he really wanted everything to finally be perfect.
He found some glasses in the kitchen and poured the wine, insisting she should drink a toast for the occasion. He couldnt believe his mission was nearly over, but now he had reached the final stage he was in no hurry to finish. He wanted to remember every detail.
As he passed the glass of champagne to her, his excitement nearly overwhelmed him. She was so close. He could smell the deodorant she had used that morning, and if he stretched out his hand, he could touch her skin or run his fingers through her amazing hair. 
Just as he was congratulating himself on a job well done, the old familiar burning sensation began to flare in his brain, confusing his desires. Suddenly he didnt want to simply touch her, he wanted to tear her apart.
His hands began to shake uncontrollably with the need, so he shoved them into his jacket pockets, trying so hard to control his emotions. Now he had to decide how the rest of the day would go. He had wanted it to be pleasant, but from the nervous way she kept looking at him, that was unlikely. Apart from the fact that he didnt feel like being nice anymore.
He should have known it wouldnt end the way he originally planned. Nothing ever had, but it was a shame. Now he would have to do something he would regret.


Kate was trying desperately hard not to look nervous and was failing miserably. Her hands gave the game away every time he moved, making jerky, involuntary movements apparently all by themselves. She had no idea what his plans were, or what might be going to happen, but she could guess.
Youre not looking too bad, Kate, what with the heart attacks and everything. How are you feeling now, hmm?
Kate forced herself to look at him, a puzzled expression trying to replace the barely concealed panic on her face.
Whats the matter with you, Kate? Youre acting as though something is wrong
NoIm sorry. Its just seeing you here Her hands were jumping into overdrive and she suddenly became aware he was looking at them, and clamped them together.  This was becoming ridiculous, she thought. What did he want? She swallowed her fear just long enough to ask, Why are you here, Jack?
He smiled at her, pleased she seemed to be getting over the shock of finding him again.



Forty-five

When Kate heard the sound of someone coming through the front door, she had turned around to see who it was and her ex-husband was the last person she expected to see. 
She wanted to scream, as her brain began to reassess everything that had been happening. All this time, had he been the one who? She couldnt even find the words in her head. How why? Then she thought of Michael, and how she had come to think of him as the enemy, probably for all the wrong reasons.
She stared at her ex-husband, trying desperately to look neutral, to look vaguely pleased to see him again. Hiding the fear and nausea the sight of him never failed to produce. He grabbed her and tried to put his arms around her. The smell of his body odour mingling with the smell of expensive cologne choked her like a blanket, causing panic to churn around in her stomach.
Please, Jack, take it easy. We have all the time in the world, dont we? It was the first thing she could think of, rather than struggle away from him in revulsion. She knew from past experience what that could lead to.
She suddenly thought of Michael again and wondered where he was, remembering his clumsy drunken attempt to seduce her in the hotel. What was it about men, she thought, that they all thought they were entitled to do whatever they wanted?

Steady now, Kate. You must not reveal your true feelings, not today. He is ready to take back what he thinks is his, and not about to take no for an answer. Please be careful, do not give him the smallest excuse to hurt youalthough, sadly, I fear it may be out of your hands

She did not need to be reminded how dangerous Jack Holland could be. Everything he ever did to David and herself was carved into her skin, open, throbbing wounds that never healed.
The beatings. The playful, yet brutal games. The pleasure he took in hurting them both at every opportunity. She struggled to control her own anger, and at first it seemed futile. The fact that he was there at all, carrying on as if nothing had changed, made her want to howl like an animal.
Whats the matter, Kate? You look a little worried. Is there a problem with me being here? I dont think you are as happy to see me as I hoped



Kate realised she would have to play this situation carefully as a man who could have done all those things was not a man to treat lightly. He had to be mentally unstable, probably quite mad if his present mood was anything to go by. She knew she would have to go along with whatever he wanted, at least for now and be as convincing as possible; and if she could come up with a way of getting away from him, so much the better.
She made a great production of drinking the wine he offered, pleased that so far he hadnt realised anything was wrong.
She tried to swallow, but her mouth was dry, too dry for talking. But she had to say something. Some arrangement of words to diffuse the annoyance she could feel was spreading outward from him.


I thought the gallery opening went well, they seemed to love your paintings, Kate. He was speaking as if they had never been apart, how could he do that?
She nodded, knowing she would have to talk to him and be enthusiastic about it. Yes, it was wonderful, but I missed seeing you there
He seemed a little preoccupied somehow, barely acknowledging she had actually spoken. Kate began to feel giddy, but it seemed different to the way she had been feeling lately. Her eyes wanted to close and her legs were so weak they barely held her up. What was happening to her?
The last thing she remembered was Jack leaning over her with a stupid grin on his face as she lay on the floor.

When she awoke, she was lying on the floor of the living room in the cottage. It took several minutes for her to remember what had happened and who had done it to her. How had he done all of this? There didnt seem to be any limit to what he could do, which meant she must not under estimate him in any way, not if she wanted to get out of there.

Just be nice, Kate. Try to find out what he wants, but do not threaten or confront him. The slightest thing could send him over the edge

You are preaching to the choir, she thought, having gathered that much herself.
There you are look where we are. Thought you would like to see what Mr P has been doing. This was all for you, I take it?
Forcing a smile, she pulled herself up into a sitting position. It was hard to be cheerful lying down. Yes, I fell in love with the place the first time I saw it.
Kate looked around. Michael had been busy. The old faded wallpaper had gone and there was fresh white paint on the walls. He had even cleaned the windows. The ancient carpet was missing and the floorboards had been sanded. She realised he had tried to replicate her old place and done it all out of love for her. Something inside her tried to curl up and die. She had thought him a monster and tried to hate him, when all along it was someone else.
She forced herself to stand up.
Where do you think youre going? he asked and she had the impression she should have asked for permission.
I thought I would see if there was anything to drink in the kitchen my mouth is as dry as a bone.
He grabbed her arm and pulled her towards him. Thought you might be a little more pleased to see me, Kate, hmm?
Kate tried to relax, to give him the impression she really was pleased, but the thought of his hands all over her again was making her feel sick. Just how far would she have to go?

As far as you need to, Kate. You have to get away from him somehow think of something

She shuddered, unable to control her body. He felt it too and his grip tightened. Now, Kate, thats no way to treat your husband
His other arm wrapped around her and he forced his face closer to hers.
Kate couldnt help herself. She began to struggle as if her life depended on it, and it probably did. She no longer cared what happened to her, but she wouldnt go anywhere without a fight.
Get your hands off me! she shouted, using all her strength to try to escape.
When he punched her in the stomach, it hurt, but to do that he had to let go of her arm. Gasping for breath, she tried to scratch his face, claw his eyes out, anything to show him she wasnt going to put up with his vicious treatment anymore.
But Kate had forgotten how strong and determined he could be, and realised she was no match for him. There was nothing for it, but to try to diffuse the situation. I really do need some water, Jack.
He started to drag her to the kitchen. If its water you want
With one hand, he turned on the tap and let the sink fill up.
She stared at him, knowing what was coming.
When the sink was full, he turned off the tap and pinned her arms behind her and with hardly any effort at all, he plunged her head into the cold water. It was all she could do to stop herself from taking a breath from the shock of it. She knew he wouldnt kill her straight away, he always liked to have his fun first.
This time might be different of course, but she was relying on that much at least.
She lost track of how many times he shoved her head under the water, and her will to live was fading fast. So when he finally let go of her, she wasnt sure what she should do.
Deciding to ask, instead of risking upsetting him, she said, I need to use the bathroom, Jack fully expecting more trouble, but he just nodded.

Once inside the bathroom, Kate looked everywhere for something, anything she could use. So much for the can of deodorant back at the flat, it couldnt help her now. There was an airing cupboard in the corner and Kate pulled open the door, not expecting to find anything useful inside. Imagine her surprise when she saw a craft knife on one of the shelves, the kind with a cover on the blade. Not wanting to put it in her pocket, she tucked it into the side of her jeans and went back into the kitchen.
She tried to look her most cheerful, even though it was killing her; quite literally if the pain in her chest was anything to go by. It had been getting gradually worse ever since she had woken up on the floor.
I dont feel so good, Jack. I think I need to sit down. She made to leave the kitchen.
He grabbed her arm and stopped her. In that case, you can sit down in the van. Were going back to my place.
What happened next was so fast, with Kate not really understanding how she could move at all; but the craft knife was suddenly in her hand and she lashed out at his thigh before she knew what was happening. She aimed where she thought the femoral artery was and there was a satisfying gash showing through his trouser leg. She must have hit it, for blood began gushing out like a fountain, covering everything around them, creating a rapidly growing pool of blood. The look on his face as he sank to the floor was incredibly satisfying and she felt like cheering. That one was for you Sam, she said quietly as she stood and watched him die. It didnt take long at all and she regretted he had not suffered as his victims must have done.

Gradually Kate became aware of the faint outline of people all around her, somehow they were all there with her in the kitchen. Her son David Janet Goldman, Danny, Dylan, and John Barratt, Michaels father. Sam and Michael were missing, why werent they there too?

There are six of them all together, my dear Kate. You were to be the ninth. All this time we thought you were the one with nine lives, when all along it was the price he thought you should pay for leaving him.

She wondered who the other one was, but it really didnt matter anymore. It would seem he was going to get his ninth pound of flesh anyway, as the pain in her chest was the worst it had ever been. No one to help her this time, but it didnt matter.
Kate forced herself to walk away from the kitchen and staggered into the living room. There was nothing to sit on so she walked over to the windows, leaned against the windowsill and looked out at the garden. Michael must have been busy out there too, for it was not so overgrown. Here and there, flowers were blooming. There was a magnificent rose bush, an absolute riot of pink and white petals growing against the wall.
Her legs gave way and she slid down to the floor, pleased the last thing she would ever see was a thing of beauty.



Forty-six

She sat perfectly still on the floor, alone at last in the cottage that would never feel like home, not since Jack had taken her there. She wondered if the voice was still around somewhere.
She never thought she would welcome the end, it was something she never could imagine, never thought would happen to her. She had cheated it on so many occasions, too many really and never understood why. She wasnt special in any way she could see and could think of so many more deserving people.
Or was this all meant to be, and there was nothing special about her at all?
The pain in her chest was intensifying. She started to think of all the people she had lost, felt the tears begin again and wished they would stop. She wished everything would just stop, for she really couldnt stand it anymore. 

Everyone was gone, most of them dead. Michael had vanished the minute she had told him it was over, and she never loved him. Which was a lie, why had she said that? Just when she needed him, really needed him, after what had happened to Sam.
She supposed it was delayed shock, or maybe she didnt really love him. She had searched in vain for the spark they once had, before finally convincing herself she was wasting her time. She had been unprepared for the devastation she felt when he finally left, knowing his uncomprehending eyes would probably haunt her for whatever time she had left.
Kate knew she should get up from the floor, but did not have the energy or desire to move. The room was spinning out of control and she closed her eyes in an attempt to stop feeling sick. She felt slightly better with her eyes shut; indeed, she may not bother to open them again. She felt herself slide down until she was lying on her side, but strangely enough, she was not uncomfortable. Wouldnt hurt to have a nap, she thought. Nothing to get up for now, was there?
Why didnt the voice speak to her now? Surely he should be saying something; he never missed an opportunity before. Maybe he was waiting to see what would happen next? 
But she knew what would happen next, absolutely nothing. Nothing else was going to happen now, it was all over. She was probably dying and didnt care one little bit. Life had smacked her in the face for the last time and she welcomed the peace that was gradually building all around her, soothing her frazzled nerves. 
Is this what the end would be like? Just a slow and gradual switching off?

She must have dozed off for a while, when a noise made its presence known somewhere in the dark recesses of her brain. She tried to listen but it was too much of an effort. Something touched her arm but she couldnt open her eyes to see what it was. Faintly, as if a long way off, she heard Michael say her name. She must be dreaming, there was no one there.
She wondered if she should take a look, it might be important. But when she tried to move her head, nothing happened. She tried to move her arms, but they didnt want to move either.

Take no notice my dear Kate, just relax and let everything go.
I think it is finally time for me to take you away from all the pain and disappointment this life has given you. You are more than ready I suspect, and I cannot keep you here any longer. The job you were meant to do has been accomplishedthanks to you Jack Holland will not be hurting anyone or anything else and the world will be a better place, but a poorer place without you in it.
Go in peace, Kate



~~~~

Does Kate die? Will someone save her?
Will Kate finally find the peace and happiness she so desperately needs?

All will be revealed in the sequel, The Last Chance, due to be published early in 2015.

Thank you for reading my book.

If you enjoyed it, and I hope you did, please leave a review, as I need your feedback to make the sequel even better

http://jayemarie01.blogspot.co.uk
