A. KING BRADLEY
SAVIOR







Illustrations 
by Damian Bradley


This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the authors imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or person, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Copyright  2014 by A. King Bradley
All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever.
Cover design by Damian Bradley of Jack of Art Trades LLC
Soundtrack produced by Travis Schroder
For more information on A. King Bradley and Savior visit: www.kingbradley.com & www.facebook.com/saviorseries














SOUND TRACK

For the most complete experience be sure to download a FREE copy of the Savior Soundtrack by visiting www.kingbradley.com or http://www.kingbradley.com/soundtrack-1.html

Certain Chapters in Savior have corresponding songs on the Savior Soundtrack. These Chapters are indicated by the following symbol placed within the Chapters Title: 

















To my lovely wife, Monica,
for your patience, understanding,
and most of all LOVE.

And also in joyful memory of
my dear friend and mentor
Dr. Dawn DeVeaux.
















Table of Contents

      PROLOGUE
  1.  STICKS AND STONES
  2.  THE THIRD DIMENSION
  3.  HOME SWEET HOME
  4.  FROZEN SKY- 
  5.  ROUND II
  6.  GOOD COP/BAD COP
  7.  SNOWBALLS CHANCE
  8.  DINNER
  9.  NORMAL
10.  DIFFERENCES
11.  DARKER
12.  NOTHING SERIOUS
13.  SAY YOU WILL - 
14.  THE DARK SIDE OF ME
15.  FROZEN SKY II
16.  WHAT ARE WE
17.  STRANGERS
18.  AFTERMATH
19.  VICTORIA
20.  FATHER FIGURE
21.  REAPER REBORN
22.  ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM
23.  BIG BROTHER
24.  POWER
25.  OR DIE TRYING
26.  STEALTH
27.  REAL POWER
28.  LIQUID COURAGE
29.  ALONE
30.  FROZEN SKY III
31.  TRUTH



32.  BEHIND THE CURTAIN
33.  REVELATIONS
34.  FEAR OR FOCUS
35.  PARDON THE INTERUPTION
36.  GAME CHANGER
37.  EXPENDABLE
38.  MASTERMIND
39.  LET HIM COME
40.  WELL ILL BE
41.  GODSEND
42.  ALPHA MALE
43.  THE FAT LADY
44.  SUPER HUMAN
45.  CHOICES
46.  LEXINGTON - 
47.  PRIORITY
48.  MOTIVES
49.  REUNION
50.  HOMECOMING
51.  FROZEN SKY IV
52.  INTERVENTION
53.  OBLIVION
54.  CHECK
55.  PUPPET MASTER
56.  THE PARTY CRASHER
57.  I CANT, I WONT - 
58.  MAKE IT RAIN
59.  RETRIBUTION
60.  ACE VS TANGO
61.  HARBINGER
62.  FOR BETTER OR FOR MADNESS - 
      EPILOGUE  MIKE WELLS
      ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
      ABOUT THE AUTHOR

 Ive realized that I can either save the world or choose to enjoy it but I cant do both.

The Reaper

























PART ONE






















PROLOGUE


I REMEMBER THAT MOMENT AS IF IT WERE YESTERDAYThe floor beneath us had collapsed, sending us plummeting into the deserted level beneath. I will never forget the fear I saw within her eyes. Beset on all sides by rubble and the corpses of fallen Strangers and our classmates, she cowered in the center of the nearly demolished room. I watched as he stood before her, thrusting an enormous .50 caliber pistol in her direction. 
Outside, Agent Wells men continued to surround the building as The Suspect contemplated his next move. He knew it was only a matter of time.
You don't have to do this, she pleaded. He said nothing as the dead eyes of the Greek tragedy mask he wore upon his face stared coldly at her. 
Do something, I thought, but suddenly I was paralyzed by fear. My mask was so heavily damaged in the fall that I had to discard it in order to see. If I stepped out of the shadows in which I stood, she would finally see my face. At last she would know what I could do.
I desperately wanted to help her, but how could I save her and risk her finding out that I had killed her father? I couldnt determine if it would be better to allow her to die or save her and let her hate me forever. Who was I kidding? I was no hero. Heroes instantly take action when needed. They dont stop to consider the morbid question that clouded my mind.
With his gun still trained on her, he took one step forward. I had made my decision. I remember closing my eyes and hearing the thundering gunshot. 

1. STICKS AND STONES

FOUR MONTHS EARLIER:

HE DREW BACK HIS FIST AND PUNCHED ME IN THE FACE with all his might. I instinctively stumbled backward but almost forgot to fall. I remembered to fall just in time to make it seem natural. The punch didnt hurt. They never did. Of course I wasnt about to let Fat Pat Wilson know that. I had a long day ahead of me and I wanted that beat-down, as Fat Pat would say, to be over as quickly as possible. 
As I hit the ground Fat Pat was upon me, wailing on my face as I scrambled to protect myself. He was easily twice my size, yet none of the surrounding high school students bothered to lift a finger in my defense. They only pointed and jeered at how easily I was defeated.
You know that saying about sticks and stones? That only applied to me in reverse. I had no idea why, but for some reason, sticks and stones could not break my bones, but words words were the only things that could hurt me.
I covered my face as the punches and insults continued to rain upon me. The casual onlooker might have mistaken that as a means to shield my head from the blows, but I really just wanted to keep them from noticing my tears. 
Look, hes crying! The Grim Weeper is crying again! someone shouted from the crowdtoo late. Back then my name was Adam Reaper. With a last name like Reaper, you would think that I would have had a much cooler nickname. Unfortunately, I had earned the name Grim Weeper because I was never able to successfully make it through a beat-down without shedding tears. 
The crowd erupted with laughter as Fat Pat threw his head back and coughed up the biggest loogie that he could muster. The disgusting gurgling noises he made were enough to have made me puke if I had been fortunate enough to eat a meal before I arrived at school.
The sickening mass of mucus and saliva that splattered against my face triggered my gag reflex, forcing my body to attempt to vomit once again. 
Leave him alone, a firm voice ordered from within the crowd. I released a sigh of relief as I recognized it.
Fat Pat pushed my head to the ground as he stood to face my lone advocate. He didn't seem surprised when he discovered Jason Kilpatrick standing before him. Jason, better known to me as Ace, was a lean 16 year old with an athletic build and very strong chin. I always thought that he looked like the teenage version of a Navy SEAL. Fury burned in his dark green eyes as he glared up at the much larger Pat. There was no secret as to why everyone called Pat Wilson Fat Pat behind his back. There was also no secret as to why no one called him that to his face. His 64, 340-pound frame, plus his sadistic nature, made him the most ruthless bully at Carlton County High School. 
Still, despite his perch atop the high school food chain, he knew better than to lay a finger on Jason Kilpatrick. It had only been a year and a half since Jason showcased his polished martial arts skills against Matt Connors, a self-proclaimed tough guy who had no idea who he was picking on at the time. Like Fat Pat, Matt was twice Jasons size, but that size discrepancy didnt stop Jason from breaking his arm in three places.
You should really learn to mind your own business, Kilpatrick, Fat Pat growled. The crowd clamored with anticipation as Jason clinched his fists. Jimmy and Bryan, two of Fat Pats henchmen, inched closer to him as Jason narrowed his eyes.
Am I supposed to be afraid because you're balling your little fists? Fat Pat teased. I guess you think I give a damn about you beating up that Connors kid last year?
I am only going to say this once, Jason said evenly. Piss off, you fat bastard.
The crowd released a collective gasp as Fat Pat gritted his teeth and clenched his fists. Though he knew of Jasons fighting prowess there was no way he would let the much smaller and considerably less popular Jason insult him in front of such a large gathering of our peers.
What did you say to me, chump? Fat Pat growled.
I said piss of you fat ba- Jasons words were interrupted by an incoming punch from Fat Pat. In a blur, Jason easily side-stepped the blow and struck Pat hard in the throat with his right hand. 
As Fat Pat clutched his throat and gagged, Jimmy grabbed Jason from behind. Jimmy was not as huge as Pat but he still outweighed Jason by over 50 pounds. Jason lunged to the right throwing Jimmy off balance, then hip-tossed him to the ground.
Jason struck a defensive stance and glared at Bryan Douglas, the tall muscular teenager who was the last of Fat Pats gang. 
Hey, take it easy, Bryan muttered as Jimmy pulled himself to his feet. 
Still rubbing his aching throat, Fat Pat glared at me. This isnt over, Grim Weeper! Your boyfriend cant be everywhere at once. Well find you alone, and when we do, youre toast! Fat Pat was furious. The anger that burned in his eyes made me seriously wonder how long I had to live. 
Lets get out of here, Jason suggested as he pulled me forward through the crowd. 
What about class? I asked as I straightened my disheveled clothes. 
Ive got a surprise. Class can wait, Jason replied. 
What kind of surprise? I asked.
Its a surprise, Jason smirked, Youll just have to wait until we get there. 
I cringed as I heard a set of footsteps racing toward us from behind. Fat Pat doesnt waste any time, does he? I thought. 
Hey, wait up! a voice shouted. I relaxed as I recognized the quirky voice of my best friend, Howard Howie Vargas. His curly mop top hair bounced with each step as he hurried to join us. When he finally caught up with us, he straightened his thin framed glasses and doubled over panting as he struggled to catch his breath. Howie was quite small in stature, but completely out of shape due to his disdain for physical activities.
You okay there, Howie? Jason asked.
Im fine. Where are you guys going? Howie replied between gasps.
I have a surprise. Were ditching class to go check it out. You wanna come?
Howie raised an eyebrow as he considered the offer. I dont know, he finally said. He had never skipped class before. He was a straight-A student and by far the smartest person at our school, teachers included. He didnt actually need to attend classes in order to achieve his good grades due to his photographic memory and hyper-analytical mind, but I guess he just liked the perfect attendance awards. 
Come on, Howard. Live a little! Trust me, bro, youll probably love the surprise more than any of us, Jason said. That seemed to do the trick, as Howies face lit up with curiosity. Jason had a knack for knowing exactly what buttons to push when dealing with people. Besides his finely tuned combat skills, this was probably his greatest asset.
Alright, Ill do it, Howie finally said. You know I cant turn down a good mystery. Theres no way I can go to class without seeing what this thing is!
After you see this, you might not ever want to go back to class, Jason replied as we made our way across the schoolyard, headed for his SUV. 
Shotgun! Howie shouted, smiling, as he claimed the coveted front seat. As I hopped into the back seat the entire rear of the SUV sagged down. I nervously looked at my two friends in the front seats, hoping they didnt notice the drastic shift in weight. I was relieved to see that they didnt. 
Based on my incredibly slender 62 frame, at first glance I appeared to only weigh around 135 pounds. The thing is, even though I appeared to be as skinny as a beanpole, I actually weighed nearly 700 pounds. I had been that way for as long as I could remember. The only other person in the world that knew of my condition was my mother, and I intended to keep it that way. I always felt like an outcast growing up and the last thing I needed was for the rest of the world to know how much of a freak I truly was.
As we pulled off, a wave of depression washed over me as I thought of how helpless I would be when Fat Pat and his goons caught up to me again. Despite my thin frame, my true weight made it impossible to move very fast, so running or fighting back was out of the question. There were times when I barely had enough energy to move at all. Its hard to explain, but I always felt drained. It sort of felt like at any moment, my body would completely shut down. 
Maybe that wouldnt be such a bad thing, I thought as I stared out of the window. At least then I wouldnt have to deal with the myriad of problems that plagued my life.
Adam?! Jason yelled from the drivers seat. 
Yes? I replied, pretending as though I had been paying attention. 
Whats on your mind, bro? You havent said a word. 
Its nothing. Im just tired, I muttered as I peered out of the window once more. Jason stared at me in the rearview mirror for a bit before refocusing his eyes on the road.





























2. THE THIRD DIMENSION


I WAS SURPRISED WHEN WE PULLED UP TO AJS STORAGE. I knew this was one of the many businesses that Jasons dad owned, but I couldnt figure out what it had to do with the surprise that he was so eager to show us. 
Isnt this your dads storage facility? Howie asked as Jason stopped his SUV at the front gates. 
Brilliant deduction, Detective Howard, Jason quipped as he let down the window and punched numbers into a nearby keypad. 
Howie rubbed his chin and pondered. Detective Howard. That actually has a nice ring to it.
We drove around the massive storage facility for a few minutes before Jason finally stopped the SUV at the very back of the lot. 
All right, boys! This is it! Jason exclaimed, as his face flushed with excitement. The equally excited Howie was out of the truck before Jason could finish his sentence. I wanted to be just as excited as them but I simply didnt have the energy. It had hit me during the ride over that skipping school also meant skipping the only two opportunities that I would have to eat that day. My friends had no idea, but my family was extremely poor. So much so, that the breakfast and lunch provided by our school were the only meals my older brother PJ and I ever ate.
I tried not to focus on my growling stomach as Jason led us to the last storage unit. From the outside, the unit appeared to be easily the size of a three-car garage. I knew that whatever he had planned had to be huge if he was keeping it in there.
Jason punched a code into the keypad to the right of the storage unit and turned to Howie and me as a low hum began to emanate from the door. This is it, boys!
As the door retracted, Howie and I stood frozen in disbelief. From the outside, the storage unit looked like just an average unit, however, Jason had converted the inside of it into what appeared to be a fully furnished apartment. The right half of the room was lined with several plush chairs and an oversized couch that sat in front of a monstrous flat screen television. To the left was a beautifully crafted glass conference table along with an enormous projector screen mounted on the wall in front of it.
Coming to his senses, Howie sprinted into the unit and went straight for the sleek computer positioned against the wall to the far left. I dont think I have ever seen Jason smile as brightly as he did on that day. Making people happy was sort of a hobby of his. He always said he got that from his father, who apparently spared no expense when it came to charity. Jason and his family had moved to our small north Florida town from California back when we were fourteen. I had never met Jason's family but I figured they must have been perfect given how well-mannered and upstanding he was. They were obviously rich, so I always wondered why they had decided to move from California to a tiny east coast town like Lexington, Florida and enroll their son in a public school. Jason never really mentioned a reason, and Howie and I never asked. At the end of the day it didn't matter; we were both simply happy to have him as our friend.
I must say, Jason, I said as I admired the entertainment system in front of the couch. You really outdid yourself this time. 
How long have you been working on this? Howie asked, as he powered up the computer system. 
This has been in the works for a while. Believe it or not, I got the idea from that superhero movie we all watched last summer, Jason said as he sauntered around marveling at his masterpiece. Ive even come up with a name for it. 
Oh yeah? Howie said as he finally looked away from the 65-inch computer monitor. 
Jason smiled but remained silent for a bit in order to build suspense. Gentlemen welcome to the Third Dimension.




























3. HOME SWEET HOME


JASON HAD NO IDEA HOW HAPPY I WAS THAT HE DECIDED to buy us fast food on the way home. There was never anything for my brother and me to eat after we got home from school. Therefore, if we skipped our meals at school, we usually went hungry. 
Jason is such a great friend, I thought as I practically inhaled my food. Somehow I couldnt help but wonder why, despite everything that Jason had done for me in the two years that I had known him, Howie was always the one whom I considered to be my best friend. I never said it aloud of course, but I think we all sort of knew. The same way the kids always knew who their parents favorite child was even if the parents never said it.
As usual, Jason dropped me off at the beginning of the long dirt road that led to my parents house. I once fed him a lie about my father not wanting us to be friends because he thought Jasons family considered themselves too good for the common folks. My father was a notorious jerk and a drunk, so it didn't take much effort to sell Jason on that lie. The truth was, neither I nor my father had ever seen or interacted with Jasons father or any other member of his family. I simply didn't want Jason to see my parents house because at the sight of it, he would have been able to tell that my family was extremely poor. Even Howie had never actually been to my place. Howies family wasnt nearly as wealthy as Jasons, but they were definitely better off than mine. I suppose I kept this secret because I just didnt want anyone to judge me not even my friends.
As I approached my shack of a house, I noticed my older brother PJ sitting on the porch. PJ was short for Phillip Reaper, Jr. Though he was named after our father, PJ was nothing like him. Phillip, Sr. was a tall, broad shouldered man who was built like a middle linebacker. PJ was as thin as I was and he only stood around 5'8 tall. He hid it well, but he was also a lot smarter than he let on. When he was 14 years old, he had managed to build a computer from scratch in the basement of our house. As he got older, he started spending most of his time down there on his secret computer, doing God knows what.
He glanced at me through his long, stringy hair as I neared the front steps. His hair looked terrible. He had only started growing it three months ago but it was already touching his shoulders. Mom asked him to cut it countless times, but he had gotten to a point where he listened to very little of what my parents had to say. He wouldnt argue or shout with them, though. Most times he would just ignore them until they gave up and left him alone. On some days, he would even ignore me.
Hey, PJ, I said as I reached the first step. I opened the front door and entered the house after he looked away without responding. As small kids, we had been very close. Before I met Howie four years ago, I used to consider PJ my best friend, but I guess things change. I suppose his business in the basement had become more important than me.
I greeted my parents as I entered the front room and pretended not to see the fresh bruises on my mothers left forearm. My father never hit her in the face when he got angry. I suppose he didnt want to leave a mark in a place that couldnt easily be covered by clothing. Mom would usually hide her bruises before we got home; therefore, I guessed those must have been fresh.
I trudged up the stairs without looking her in the eyes because I couldnt stand to see her hurting. What hurt me the most was that I was so powerless to stop it.
My room was just as junky as I had left it but I didn't care. Why bother cleaning a shack? Thats what I would always say whenever Mom would get on me about not taking better care of my room. I could see in her eyes that it hurt her whenever I said that, but I was too young and dumb to realize that I shouldn't have given her a hard time just because she wasn't in a position to give us everything we needed.
It was early, but I started getting ready for bed. I always went to bed early on the bad days because doing so made it seem like the next day would come sooner. 
Tomorrow will be better, I mumbled as I flopped down onto my twin sized bed. Thats what my mother used to say. Despite anything that would happen, she would always have that outlook.
I still wonder if she really believed that to be true.














4. FROZEN SKY
 http://youtu.be/x_c2Zq7qWOw

MY HEART POUNDED SO VIOLENTLY THAT IT SEEMED AS if it wanted to escape my chest. As I looked downward, I realized why that was the case. Not only was the ground miles beneath my feet, but I was also holding a young lady in my arms as I soared through the cool night air. Her long, dark hair whipped wildly in the wind, covering most of her face, but I didnt need to see it. I already knew who she was. This wasnt my first time having this particular dream, nor was it my first time dreaming about her. 
Maybe this time it will be different, I thought as the ice-cold air nipped at my face and we continued to soar through the moonlit sky. As I reached the peak of my ascension and the force of the wind lessened, as always, her hair fell from in front of her face, allowing me to stare into her lucid, amber colored eyes. 
I loved her. I had loved her since the first day I saw her, which is why I could not bear to see the hatred that burned in her eyes as she glared back at me.
The dream had not changed. No matter how desperately I wanted her to love me back, she still hated me. But how? How could the love of my life hate me before we had even properly met? We had been in some of the same classes together, but we had never had so much as a conversation. 
It wasnt fair. 
As always, we did not speak as we continued to drift through the frozen midnight sky.



5. ROUND II


THE SCHOOL CAFETERIA WAS PACKED AS USUAL DURING breakfast the next day. All the cliques and sub-cliques had their own de facto designated tables in the center of the room. The nobodies like Howie and I usually occupied the outer tables. A few years ago, our school officials attempted to integrate the tables but the staff got tired of breaking up the countless fights that resulted, so the unspoken seating arrangements were allowed to resume. I didnt really care, to be honest. I actually enjoyed our little corner of the universe at breakfast and lunch. 
I guess Jason is skipping school again today, Howie said as he adjusted his glasses and took a bite of his sausage biscuit. 
It wouldnt surprise me if hes hanging out at 3D, I replied. Howie smiled, no doubt amused that I used his nickname for the Third Dimension.
Yeah, youre probably right. Im thinking about going there as well after school. What about you? Do you have any plans? Howie asked as I scanned the room for Fat Pat and his minions.
Adam? Howie asked after I failed to respond.
Sorry, Howie. I was looking out for Fat Pat. With Jason not around, I am sure hell want to exact his revenge for yesterday. 
Howies eyes widened with fear as he wondered if he, too, would suffer the same fate as me if Fat Pat were to catch up to us.
Youre right. We should probably head to class, Howie suggested, trying hard to mask his fear. 
I looked at my plate and bit my bottom lip as I considered leaving without finishing my breakfast. I was so worried about Round Two with Fat Pat that I had not touched my food. That was one of the only two opportunities to eat that I would have that day, so I knew I couldnt afford to skip it. 
Let me finish my food, then we can go, I said as I quickly stuffed a spoonful of oatmeal into my mouth. Howie nodded and continued to nervously look around the room as I dug into the rest of my lumpy oatmeal. It tasted terrible but I was so famished that I could have eaten a ten-gallon drum of it at the time.
I almost choked as I noticed Fat Pat and his goons enter the south entrance of the cafeteria. I instantly pulled the table cloth up and ducked underneath the table before Pat could notice me. I tugged on Howies pants leg but he remained completely stiff.
Howie, we have to get out of here! I whispered as I tugged his pants leg again. Howie said nothing. 
Howie? I repeated.
Theyve already seen me, Adam. I dont want to give you away. Just get the heck out of here, Howie mumbled under his breath.
I turned and started to crawl away when I heard a loud smack. Aw! Howie cried. Fat Pat must have slapped Howie in the back of his head. I knew this because I was all too familiar with Fat Pats usual choice of greeting. 
How can I run away and leave Howie behind to be tormented? I thought as I paused to contemplate my next move.
Where is he? Fat Pat growled. 
I dont kno- 
Smack!  Howies words where cut off by another slap from Pat. 
I dont have time for your games, dork! Where is he?! 
Suddenly, Howie was violently lifted from his chair as I remained underneath the table, still searching for the courage to stand up for him. 
Why cant I save Howie like Jason saved me? I thought, feeling pathetic for having to rely on Jason for everything. 
I peeked from under the tablecloth when I heard a loud noise suddenly ring out. My heart sank as I witnessed Howies face slam to the ground. The pain in his eyes intensified as Fat Pat sat his 340-pound body on Howies head and shattered the lenses of his glasses. I clenched my jaw and gritted my teeth as I watched blood trickle from Howies nose and drip onto the floor. 
Thats when it happened. Something inside of me just snapped and a burning anger suddenly emerged from within me. I knew I could possibly suffer a fate far worse than Howies by revealing myself, but I couldnt continue to allow my best friend to endure such torment. 
A tidal wave of adrenaline suddenly rushed through my veins. As the rage within me smoldered, for the first time in my life, I decided to fight back. I had never felt a rush of that magnitude before, but I instantly knew that I liked it. The adrenaline seemed to fuel my rage as well as my body. Suddenly, I didn't feel so feeble and weak. Suddenly, I felt powerful.
I burst from beneath the table, flipping it on its side as I revealed myself. The nearby students scurried away as the table and the breakfast trays that once sat upon it crashed to the floor. Fat Pat and his two goons grew tense with fear for a moment until they realized that it was I who had emerged from beneath the table.
What do we have here? Fat Pat snarled as he stood and approached me. Within seconds, he and I stood nose to nose as the crowd of students clamored with anticipation. There were no teachers present to break us up, as most of them were off smoking or doing whatever it is that public school teachers that dont give a crap do before class.
Pat smirked as he grabbed and twisted the collar of my shirt. Hiding under the table as your dork friend gets the beat-down I didnt think it was possible to be that big of a wimp.
My adrenaline rush increased as my anger intensified. All that I could see was my fist and Fat Pats face, and all that I could think about was how badly I wanted to punch through it.
It was Fat Pat who threw the first punch. The incoming right jab seemed to creep through the air in slow motion as if he was submerged in water when he threw it.
Catch it! My brain screamed at my hand, but I was frozen with shock. An incoming blow was heading toward my face, and I was too shocked to do anything about it because, for the first time in my life, I felt that I could actually do something about it.
Catch it! My brain fired the impulse at my right hand again as Fat Pats massive fist neared its target. Finally, my hand snapped into action and grabbed Fat Pats fist, stopping it mere centimeters away from my face. 
The crowd stood frozen in silent awe as I stood with Fat Pats failed punch within my grasp. I too was frozen with the disbelief of having successfully defended myself for the first time in my life. The feeling of triumph that followed was interrupted as one of Fat Pat's goons cracked me over the head with a breakfast tray. 
I released Fat Pats hand and fell to the floor as he and his minions attacked me in unison. As always, the kicks and punches did not hurt, but this time, to my amazement, nothing hurt. Not the laughter from the crowd. Not the insults from Pat and his gang. Not even the fact that I was being beaten. As the beat-down continued, I shielded my face with my arms and smiled.
Break it up! yelled Dr. Kathleen Kate Stripling, our new high school principal. Fat Pats friends scampered away as she forced her way through the crowd. Pat ignored her command and continued to punch me as she approached. Dr. Kate finally grabbed Fat Pats shoulder and yanked him away from me.
Ms. Kate, you cant put your hands- 
Shut your mouth this instant, Patrick, before I have you expelled! Dr. Kate snarled. Fat Pat instantly fell silent. Dr. Kate helped me to my feet and glared at us both. 
I want you both to report to my office, immediately, she ordered.
Fat Pat sulked. But Ms. Kate- 
Thats Dr. Kate, Patrick, and this is not a negotiation! she snapped. Fat Pat hung his head and finally trudged away, headed toward her office.
I was barely able to stand by the time I made it to the office. My adrenaline high was long gone and the only thing left was an overwhelming feeling of exhaustion and the dread that I felt as I contemplated the punishment that was sure to befall me once my mother found out that I had been sent to the principals office. I tried to force myself to be happy about the fact that I was able to somewhat defend myself for the first time in my life, but as I sat there waiting for Dr. Kate to call me in for sentencing, I couldnt help but focus on the two troublesome questions that were racing through my mind:
How was I able to do what I had just done and most of all, why did I suddenly feel so exhausted?



6. GOOD COP/BAD COP


DR. KATE SCRIBBLED AWAY ON THE PAPERS IN FRONT OF her as I sat across from her in her office. I was surprised by how unremarkable the room was. I expected it to be a lot nicer considering her position. Then again, our school was a bit of a dump, so I guess her office fit right in.
This is your first time coming to my office, if Im not mistaken, Mr. Reaper. Dr. Kate did not look up as she spoke.
Yes, maam. I replied as I cleared my throat. I was glad that Dr. Kate wasnt looking at me because I was barely conscious at that point. I always felt drained and exhausted, but this was different. This was an exhaustion the likes of which I had never experienced.
Do you want to tell me what happened in the cafeteria this morning? Dr. Kate asked. The question was rhetorical of course, but she had a way of making you feel like you had a choice even when it was clear that you didnt. 
I cleared my throat and tried to respond, but no sound came out. When I didnt answer, Dr. Kate finally looked up at me. Even though I felt terrible, I couldnt help but notice how attractive she was as she peered at me over the rims of her glasses. The main reason I found her so attractive is because she had a lot in common with this girl whom I had an astronomical crush on at the time. They had the same long, dark hair that went perfectly with their mesmerizing amber colored eyes.
Mr. Reaper, are you feeling okay? You dont look so well, Dr. Kate remarked as a wave of concern washed over her face.
Im fine, I choked out as I attempted to sit up straighter.
Unconvinced, Dr. Kate stood and sat a large bottle of water in front of me on her desk. Drink this, she ordered as she searched through her purse.
I grabbed the water and gulped it down in less than the thirty seconds it took Dr. Kate to find the chocolate energy bar in her purse. I was always ashamed to take handouts but I was so hungry and thirsty in that moment that it didn't matter. It felt as though I may have died of starvation if she had not given me that water and energy bar.
Dr. Kate watched in silence as I devoured the energy bar in two bites. I knew she could tell that she was making me uncomfortable, but it seemed like she was unable or unwilling to look away. I stared at the floor, ashamed to look her in the eyes.
You dont have to be ashamed, Adam, Dr. Kate coaxed.
I was surprised that she knew my first name. I looked up at her but said nothing. I didnt know what to say.
Adam, why have I never had a chance to meet your parents?
What is she getting at? I wondered. M-My mother works nights, I stammered.
And your father? she questioned.
He works nights too, I lied. My father had been laid off for the past six months, but saying he works nights sounded a lot better than saying he doesnt give a crap.
How are things at home, Adam? Dr. Kate asked.
Suddenly, I felt like I was a suspect on one of those detective shows from TV. Dr. Kate switched to her good cop approach as she tried to coax the information she wanted out of me.
Okay, I guess, I said, hoping that she would drop the issue. I wasnt comfortable talking about my life at home to begin with, and I certainly wasnt comfortable doing so with the principal.
Adam, do you mind if I ask if you are getting enough to eat at home? she asked softly.
What gave me away? I thought. Was it the gallon of water I drank with one gulp or perhaps the energy bar I inhaled? I stared down at the floor and said nothing.
Adam?
I dont want to talk about it, I replied, irritated and ashamed.
I continued to stare at the floor as the room fell silent. The last thing I wanted to do was look Dr. Kate in her eyes. Between her velvet voice and those piercing eyes of hers, I knew she could get every secret I had ever withheld out of me if she really pushed hard enough. It also didnt help that I found her to be so attractive. For some reason I felt that if I looked her in eyes long enough, she would be able to tell.
Adam, I would like to have you stop by my home for dinner with my family this evening, Dr. Kate said as she scribbled on a piece of paper in front of her.
Whoa! I thought. Is she serious?
I-I will have to let you know. Later, I mean, I stammered. I looked up at her, expecting a scowl, but she simply smiled back at me and placed the paper she had been writing on in front of me.
Mr. Reaper, I was not asking. I will see you there at seven o'clock sharp, sir. That is, unless you would rather serve a stint in detention for your fight this morning. Its up to you. Dr. Kate smiled a beautiful yet menacing smile as she gave me time to weigh my options.
Back to bad cop again, I thought as I grabbed the paper and jammed it into my pockets. Ill see you at seven, Dr. Kate, I said, before standing and staring down at the floor again. 
Good. We are having roast. I think you will enjoy it. 
Dr. Kate, are you going to tell my mom about the fight? I asked.
I will leave that up to you, Adam, Dr. Kate replied. Now hurry off to class. Youve already missed the first fifteen minutes.
Okay. Thank you, Dr. Kate, I said as I turned and exited.
I walked out of Dr. Kates office with a newfound appreciation for her, but I wasnt completely sold on the idea of eating dinner with her family. Sure, it was the ultimate tap on the wrist as far as it being my punishment for fighting on school property, but I hated the idea of being pitied or looked at as different. So what if my family doesnt have enough money to feed me properly? I thought as I sulked down the hallway. Ive made it this far without relying on handouts. Why should I start now?


















7. SNOWBALLS CHANCE


I WAS STILL A BIT LIGHTHEADED BY THE TIME I MADE IT to class. My classmates were already quietly working on an assignment as I entered the room. Luckily, we had a substitute teacher, so I didnt have to answer many questions about where I had been.
I could feel the eyes of my classmates focusing on me as I sauntered toward my seat. They were all looking at me but only one of them really mattered. As I made my way to my desk near the back of the class, I pretended not to notice her staring at me. As always, my heart started to pound as I took my seat directly behind her. I had been sitting in the seat behind her for four consecutive months by that point, yet the very sight of her still sent my heart into overdrive. That was because she was, in every sense of the phrase, the girl of my dreams.
Her name was Monica. She had transferred to our school from somewhere in New York. I didnt know very much about her besides the fact that she was the most beautiful being that I had ever laid eyes on. The funny thing was, it seemed like she didnt even realize just how attractive she was. Perhaps it was my ego playing tricks on me, but at least once a day I would catch her staring at me. She never said anything and would always look away whenever we made eye contact, so I was never one hundred percent sure as to what it could have meant.
Maybe I should try to talk to her, I thought as I admired the sweet smell of what I had come to assume was her favorite perfume. I didnt know what had gotten into me on that day. Not only had I finally stood up to the most fearsome bully at our school, but I was contemplating initiating contact with a girl that I was downright afraid to talk to out of a fear of embarrassing myself. I knew that I only had a snowballs chance of getting her to actually like me, but a snowballs chance is a chance in its own right.
But maybe Ill wait until tomorrow, I finally thought.
Excuse me, a velvety female voice whispered, interrupting my thoughts. I couldnt bear to look up at her in that moment because I suddenly felt so overwhelmingly unprepared. All my months of silently pining over her and not making any attempt to communicate were about to come to an end, and I could not think of a single thing to say. 
What could I say to her? Hey, its me the guy whos been virtually stalking you for the last four months. Im also the guy that keeps having this recurring nightmare about me flying through the air while carrying you in my arms while you glare at me as though you want to kill meHows it going? 
My heart throbbed in my chest so loudly that I was sure the rest of the class would hear it.
Hey, excuse me, she whispered again. Even as a whisper, her voice was as smooth as silk. I was still immersed in my feelings of inadequacy, but I could not bear to deny her twice. I cautiously looked upward, partially expecting the ever-present scowl from my dreams, but to my surprise, she was smiling. 
The perfect smile. 
My heart rate doubled as I realized that I must have been staring into the eyes of a goddess. Her face was nearly perfectly symmetrical aside from the fact that she squinted her right eye a tiny bit more than her left eye whenever she smiled. Her deep amber eyes paralyzed me. Her expression was so beautiful and brilliant that to even think of the scowl from my dreams upon her face almost seemed unnatural.
Hello, I muttered. It was all that I could say. Crap, I blew it, I thought. To my surprise, she continued to smile, seemingly unfazed by my lack of conversational prowess.
Hey, Im Monica, she replied. 
This is it! The moment of truth, I thought. My heart was pounding even more by that point. 
Im A-Adam, I stammered, embarrassed to have stumbled over my words. Again, I was pleased to see that my stammering had no adverse effect on her demeanor.
Nice to meet you, Adam, she said, biting her lip after her statement. 
She bit her lip! What does that mean? Is she having second thoughts about talking to me? My thoughts were raging about my head, making it difficult for me to focus.
Adam, I was hoping Monica started.
Here it comes! I thought. Maybe shell ask me out! No, maybe she just wants to be friends initially in order to make sure she and I are compatible, and then perhaps we can see where it goes from there. Yeah, thats it! I thought, at a rate of 1000 thoughts per second.
Adam, did you hear me? Monica whispered.
Crap, I missed it! I thought. What did she say?
Y-Yes. I heard you, I lied.
Well do you have one? 
One of what? I asked. 
A pen. Do you have an extra pen? I told you mine just ran out of ink, she replied.
So thats it, huh? Simply using me for my school supplies, I thought feeling defeated.
The only pen I had at the moment was the one in my hand, but I gave it to her anyway. There was no way I could say no to those eyes. The sting of my misguided hope only lasted for a fraction of a second. In no time, I was again elated by the fact that we had actually had a conversation. So what if it had ended with me giving up my only writing utensil?
Totally worth it, I thought, as I looked downward and smiled.
My heart skipped a beat as I noticed Monicas purse on the floor beside her desk. It was not the purse that shocked me. My alarm was brought on by the fact that, from where I was sitting, I noticed three seemingly brand new pens inside her purse. 
Had she really turned around just to borrow a pen? How could she have forgotten about the three pens sitting in her purse?
I was uncertain about a lot in that moment, but one thing that I was absolutely sure of was that that day had been one of the most interesting days of my life. There was no way that I could have known at the time that in the days and weeks to come, things were about to get a lot more interesting.
















8. DINNER


IM NOT SURE HOW LONG I STOOD ACROSS THE STREET from Dr. Kates home. My family didnt have a car, so I rode the bus and got dropped off at the end of the street. Once Dr. Kates home came into view, I remember stopping and marveling at how nice it was but dreading the idea of taking another step toward it. Luckily, neither she nor any of her neighbors had noticed me yet. I was sure that I had to have looked like some homeless bum wandering about looking for a handout. 
You still have time to escape, I thought as the wind picked up, but who was I kidding? I wasnt going anywhere. Deep down inside, I knew that I would much rather endure the shame of feeling like a charity case at Dr. Kates family dinner than having to deal with my mom if she found out I had been in a fight. She had always been very adamant about me not fighting. The weird thing was that she wasnt that way when it came to my older brother PJ. I always thought it was because she thought I was too weak to defend myself, but I was starting to think that it may have been because of something else.
I took a deep breath and held it. Here goes nothing, I thought as I finally exhaled. As I crossed the street, I wondered if my backpack made me look like a dork. It was a little on the larger side and I always wore it with two straps. What does it matter? I thought as I rang the doorbell. Its only Dr. Kate. Just as I finished that thought, the door to Dr. Kates home was opened by the last person I would have expected to see.
M-Monica? I stammered, stricken by shock and confusion. 
Hello, Adam, she replied, flatly.
It was strange seeing her outside of school. She seemed oddly paralyzed as she stood in the doorway, beaming her beautiful smile at me. There was something different about her that wasn't sitting well with me, though. Something about her smile just seemed a bit disingenuous, nothing like the one that she had graced me with earlier that day.
I tried to force myself to relax, but I was so nervous that I could barely move. How could Dr. Kate do this to me? I thought. Suddenly, it felt like the joke was on me. What was Monica doing there? My snowballs chance was sure to evaporate as soon as the most beautiful girl I had ever laid eyes on found out that my family was so poor that they couldnt afford to properly feed me. 
What are you doing here, Adam? Monica questioned as she narrowed her eyes. The strange look on her face as she studied me nearly threw me into a panic attack.
Shes ashamed to be seen with me in public, I thought. And here I thought she was different. I was a fool for thinking we could ever be friends anyway. We were polar opposites. She was beautiful and popular, while I was skinny and ordinary.
I had had enough. How dare she look at me with that look in her eyes? Sure, I didnt know for sure what her strange expression meant, but what else could it mean? Why else would she continue to glance out into the streets if not to check to make sure that no one saw her talking to me?
Are you okay, Adam? Monica asked.
Im fine, I replied, evenly. I made a conscious effort to soften my facial expression, but I was still upset with her. I was just leaving.
I turned to walk away but stopped in my tracks as Dr. Kate's voice rang out. And just where are you off to, Mr. Reaper? Leave it to Dr. Kate to show up out of nowhere the very second I attempted to make my escape. I sighed as the reality of my defeat sank in and I spun around to face them both. 
Dr. Kate was smiling that perfect smile of hers, so I made sure that I didn't look directly at her. That shameful feeling that I got for finding her attractive was a bit heightened due to Monicas presence, and I that felt they would both be able to tell if they caught me staring.
Adam, I believe you have met my daughter, Monica, Dr. Kate mentioned as she glanced at Monica.
That explains a lot, I thought. I was actually surprised that I didn't realize they were mother and daughter sooner. Their eyes and smiles were nearly identical.
Yes, we are in some of the same classes together, I mumbled.
Well come on in. We are about to start eating.
It felt like walking into a museum. Everything inside was so shiny and clean, the polar opposite of the sort of home environment to which I had grown accustomed. I couldn't help but feel out of place. I didn't want to touch anything or even take a seat lest I taint the beautifully crafted furniture that filled the room. 
I finally sat at the dinner table once Dr. Kate noticed that I was the only one still standing. I wanted to remain standing even after she gestured for me to have a seat, but I knew better than to object to her.
I couldn't believe the spread that lay before us on the table. I had never seen so much mouth-watering food in my life. As the sweet smell of the delectable pot roast wafted over to my side of the table, I actually began to feel a bit excited; that is, until I realized how pathetic I must have looked. The fact that something as simple as a decent home cooked meal could make me that excited was not something that I was particularly proud of.
I was so hungry that I could have eaten every bit of food on that table, but suddenly I was too ashamed to even take a single bite. I looked around the table, wondering how it must feel to be able to eat that kind of meal every night.
I studied Dr. Kates interactions with her husband, Mr. Stripling. They both seemed so happy that it was almost unbearable for me, mainly because I was so inherently unhappy. Its not their fault, I thought to myself.
Mr. Stripling sat at the end of the table across from me. So far, he had not said a word to me besides greeting me as I entered the dining area. I wondered how he felt about me joining them for dinner. He didn't seem to mind, but it was hard to get a good read on him. He suddenly stood and proposed that we all say grace before eating. 
He was surprisingly short for a man, at only about 56. He was very muscular though, seemingly almost as wide as he was tall. Judging from his high and tight haircut and exceedingly neat clothing, I could tell that there was a good chance that he was former military.
I kept my eyes open and watched them as Mr. Stripling said grace. That environment was so unnatural to me. It felt like I was in a room filled with aliens, and I was there to observe their cultural differences.
What have I gotten myself into? I thought as Mr. Stripling finished grace and we all prepared to dig in.
I was relieved that there was not much conversation as we ate. The last thing I wanted was some bloated discussion that was bound to lead to questions about the nature of my presence at their family dinner as well as questions about my own family. I was already embarrassed enough to even be in the room.
The food was phenomenal. I had never tasted anything that delicious in my entire life. Strangely, the more I ate, the hungrier I became. 
Suddenly, the initial shame that barred me from eating as much as I desired was pushed aside as I gave in to the craving that had ravaged my mind for as long as I could remember. I had plate after plate, only looking up to grab another plate and pile more food onto it. I had long lost count of just how many plates I had polished off when I realized that I was the only one still eating. I looked to the pile of empty plates to my left and a mountain of humiliation hit me like a punch in the stomach. There were nine empty plates as well as the nearly empty plate that lay before me.
Dr. Kate and her family stared at me in silence. In terms of embarrassing moments, that one pretty much trumped them all. My palms grew sweaty as I averted my eyes from their blank stares and realized that I must have looked like a moron.
Youve got quite the appetite there, son, Mr. Stripling finally exclaimed.
I couldnt speak. Partially because of the unchewed food that still filled my mouth, but mostly because I was too shocked and embarrassed by how much food I had eaten.
You know how athletes are, Dad, Monica commented. The more food, the more energy, right?
What is she talking about? I thought. I was no athlete. I wasn't sure why she said that, but it seemed to work as the awkwardness of the moment vanished.
Dr. Kate chuckled and smiled at Mr. Stripling. Shes right, you know? Nathan, remember how much you would eat after football practice during college? Dr. Kate looked at me. Adam, please dont feel embarrassed. Back then, I couldnt get this one to stop eating until the following morning sometimes.
What sports do you play, Adam? Mr. Stripling asked.
Basketball. He plays basketball, Monica interjected.
I could tell by the delighted expression that appeared on Mr. Striplings face that he was a basketball enthusiast. I knew that he was probably about to start a basketball conversation, of which I wanted no part in. I decided to make my escape before I exposed the holes in Monicas cover for me by not being able to successfully navigate my way through a legitimate sports conversation. The truth is, I had never actually played or watched much of the game, so I doubted I would've been very convincing once we starting talking about it.
Its getting kind of late. I should probably head home, I said, hoping that no one would object.
Dr. Kate checked her watch, then looked to Monica. Monica, grab a few containers so Adam can take some food with him for the road.
Thank you, Dr. Kate, I mumbled. I wanted to object to taking extra food home but of course I knew better. She was Good Cop at the moment and I wanted to keep it that way for as long as I could.
Do you have anyone picking you up, Adam? Dr. Kate asked.
I was going to see if one of my friends could swing by.
Actually, I can have Monica drop you off. I'm sure it's not that far of a drive.
Thats okay, Dr. Kate. Im sure Jaso-
Adam, there is no reason to have you wait for someone to pick you up when one of us can simply drive you over, Dr. Kate firmly stated.
I nodded my head without replying.
Monica, grab my car keys and drop off Adam at his home, would you dear? Dr. Kate asked as Monica entered with four plastic containers packed with food.
That strange look momentarily flashed onto Monicas face again, causing the butterflies in my stomach to stir. Shes ashamed of me, I thought, as I nervously tapped my fingers on the table. She has to be.
Monica was silent as she left the room to fetch Dr. Kates keys. Dr. Kate and Mr. Stripling both stood, prompting me to do the same. 
Thanks for having me over, Dr. Kate, I said with a warm smile.
Any time, Adam. We enjoyed your company.
I walked over to shake their hands but Dr. Kate insisted on a hug. I wasn't much of a hugger but I didnt mind hugging her. It did feel kind of weird with Mr. Stripling watching, though.
I paused as Mr. Stripling extended his massive right hand for a handshake. Despite his vertical challenges, he still looked like a man that could take care of himself in a fight. His forearms were the size of footballs and his hands could have doubled as catchers mitts. I looked down at my wiry arms and laughed inside of my head at the drastic discrepancy.
I figured he would appreciate a firm handshake, so I put a little extra on it as I grabbed his hand.
Ouch! Mr. Stripling blurted as he winced in pain. Confused, I quickly let go of his hand and glanced from him to Dr. Kate. Is he joking? I thought. He has to be joking, right?
Thats some grip you have there, kid! And people say I have a firm handshake!
Im sorry, Mr. Stripling! I declared, hoping that he wasn't serious. 
Dont worry about it, Adam. Ill be fine. Just take it easy on me next time, will ya? Mr. Stripling quipped.
This has to be a joke! I thought. Then again, if he was joking, he had to be one of the greatest actors of all time because he did seem to genuinely be in pain. But how could my grip have hurt the hand of a man whose arms and hands were twice the size of mine? I left the Striplings home with only one question echoing throughout my mind. 
What is happening to me?

I INSISTED ON MONICA DRIVING MR. STRIPLINGS SUV INSTEAD of Dr. Kates sedan. I never trusted sedans because of my weight. Sure, I looked small, but my true weight was over 700 pounds and I wasn't sure of how Dr. Kate's car would handle that.
It was already dark out when we hit the road. I glanced over at Monica as she drove and once again wondered why she had had that weird expression on her face earlier when she answered the door.
Why did you tell your parents I was an athlete? I finally asked.
Monica glanced at me, then back to the road. She bit her lip as she pondered her answer.
I dont know. You looked embarrassed, to be honest. I just wanted to help.
So you felt sorry for me? I groaned. I hated being pitied and I knew she could hear that in my voice.
Adam, I was just trying to help, Monica snapped.
Well, I didnt ask for your help, I shot back. As soon as I said that, I knew I shouldnt have.
Well, excuse me for trying to be nice! Monica grumbled.
I didnt look at her. I had no desire to see her face unless that familiar joyful expression was upon it. At that point, I knew she was sure to have an expression closer to the one that she had in my nightmares.
I didnt ask for this, you know. Your mother made me come over.
Adam, no ones judging you! Why cant you get that through your head?
Did I say that you were judging me?! I scolded, obviously irritated. The conversation wasnt going anything like I had hoped.
No, but the way youve been acting the entire night screams it! Its not a big deal that you ate a lot of food, and its not a big deal that my mother invited you over for dinner in the first place!
She stopped the vehicle at a stop sign.
So why did you look so embarrassed when you answered the door, then?! You didnt want anyone to see you talking to me, did you? I fumed.
I could see her glaring at me in my peripheral vision but I didnt look directly at her.
Are you serious? she demanded.
Yes, Im serious. You dont think I can tell when someone is embarrassed to be seen with me?
You have absolutely no idea what youre talking about, mister!
You can let me out right here, I said firmly.
You cannot be serious. Ill let you out when we get to your house. Stop being such a baby.
There was no way I was letting her get anywhere near my house. I had had enough of her judging me for one night. Who knows what she would have thought if I had allowed her to see that piece of crap I called a home. The silver lining to our fight was that I didnt have to come up with another reason for her not to drive me all the way there.
Ill walk from here. I dont need your help. I dont need anyones help, I grumbled as I unlocked the door and angrily grabbed my backpack and exited the SUV. I thought about opening my pack and throwing the food Dr. Kate had given me back into the vehicle, but I decided not to be that dramatic. 
Adam, are you seriously choosing to walk home rather than accept a ride? Do you seriously have that much pride?
That was it. I had taken as much as I could for one night. I turned and glared at her, shocking her with the iciness of my gaze. You're darn right, I do. I have way too much pride to accept anything from a spoiled brat like you! I'm surprised you even remembered my name!
I could see the anger smoldering under the rigid expression that she was forcing to keep on her face. Suddenly, I realized that I had probably just made the most monumental of all mistakes.
That is exactly why I was embarrassed when you opened the door, Monica stated, her voice eerily calm. I was embarrassed that you would find out that I was the principals daughter and judge me, just like they did at my last school.
I could have punched myself in the face for being so stupid. It felt like my heart had dropped into my stomach when she finished her sentence.
Monica, I-
Save it, Adam. You were right. You are better off walking from here. She turned her attention to the road once more. 
Monica-
Can you shut the door please? she snapped, still focused on the road.
I shut the door and watched her speed away as I stood in silence and contemplated the magnitude of how badly I had just blown it with the girl of my dreams.






9. NORMAL


MY SECOND PERIOD GYM CLASS WAS THE ONLY CLASS that Howie and I shared. Neither of us could play basketball very well, so we never actually participated with the rest of the class. Coach Waters didnt mind letting us skip out on playing as long as we were doing something active, therefore we always lied and said we would lift weights in the adjacent weightlifting room. 
As I entered the weight room, I noticed Howie, dressed in gym clothes that were slightly to large for him, already laying on a weight bench pretending to prepare to bench-press a bar that was loaded with over 300 pounds of weights.
You can do it champ! I shouted in my finest impersonation of Coach Waters scruffy voice.
Howie chuckled, then pushed hard against the weights. I was surprised to see that he was actually able to lift the bar upward about a half-inch before his arms gave out. I was sure that he wouldnt be able to move it at all. The bar made a loud clacking sound as it slammed back into the flimsy grooves that held it in place above Howies head. Howie and I always joked that the dated equipment in our weight room must have been among the first weightlifting equipment ever manufactured. Almost all of the public schools in our area were extremely underfunded, but our school took the cake by far. They could barely afford to provide us with proper textbooks. Therefore, we all knew that state of the art weight training equipment was never going to happen.
Nice try, bud. You actually got it off the bar this time! I chimed as I sat on an adjacent bench.
Id like to see you do any better! Howie said as he sat upright and wiped sweat from his brow. I tried not to laugh aloud at how easily it was for him to work up a sweat.
I looked at the weights and actually felt like giving it a try myself. For some reason I was feeling great that day. Eating leftovers from Dr. Kates dinner that morning probably had a lot do with it.
How did you even get that much weight on the bar? That's got to be close to 300 pounds! I said as I studied Howies bar.
What can I say? Howie smiled. Ive been working out.
As far as Coach Waters knows, we have, I said as we broke into laughter.
Howie raised an eyebrow as our laughter died down. Hey, you never filled me in on your encounter with Dr. Kate. What happened? Did you get in trouble? he asked.
Not really. She sent us both to the office but when she called me in, it got all weird. I thought she was gonna talk about the fight, but instead she started asking all kinds of bizarre questions. It was like she didnt even care that I had gotten into a fight.
What kind of questions did she ask?
Stupid stuff. Nothing important, I replied, hoping he wouldn't push the issue. I certainly wasn't about to tell him that she was concerned that I didn't get enough food at home because I was so skinny, but I didn't feel like having to lie about it either.
What kind of punishment did you get?
An invitation to dinner at her house, I chuckled.
Howies face lit up with excitement. I could tell where his mind was headed.
No, it wasnt like that, you idiot! Youre such a creeper, Howie, I said, shaking my head in disbelief. I think shes concerned about me or something.
Did you go? Howie asked, eager for more details.
Yeah, I did. I must have eaten over twelve plates of food, too! And you'll never guess who answered the door once I got there.
Who? Howie asked as he leaned against the metal weight bar behind him. Neither of us noticed the metal grooves that held the weights and the bar in place starting to give out.
You know that new girl that transferred here from New York? The really pretty one in our grade?
Howie pondered for a bit before his eyes widened in disbelief. No way! he said as he realized I was talking about Monica.
Yup, that's the one. It turns out that shes Dr. Kates daughter. Im actually not supposed to tell anyone, though. Shes sort of ashamed of it.
Howie narrowed his eyes at me. I see what this is. You're making a move for my girl, aren't you? he said jokingly. 
No, its not like that at all, I lied. Believe it or not, things didnt go as well as I had hoped. We actually got into an argument.
Howie dipped beneath the 300 pounds of weights once more and placed his hands on the bar. Well, either way, youre not going to stand a chance after she gets a load of these guns.
Howie pushed the bar with all his might. He managed to lift it a full inch before his arms gave out under the 300 pounds of weight. As Howie allowed the weights to fall back in the metal grooves, my heart sank deep within my chest. Adrenaline flooded my body as I heard the loud snap of the grooves as they gave in to the pressure of the weights slamming against them. Howies eyes were wide with fear as the bar and weights headed straight for his head.
It all seemed to happen in slow motion, just like when Fat Pat had tried to sucker punch me. Every muscle in Howies arms fired away as he tried desperately to stop the 300 pounds of death from descending upon him. Despite his best effort, he wasn't nearly strong enough to stop them.
Help him! I shouted to myself, but I was ten feet away, frozen in shock. The bar was inches away from crushing Howies skull when my body finally snapped into action.
In an instant, my reality went from slow motion to a blur. I dont even remember standing or crossing the ten feet that had once separated us, but there I was holding 300 pounds of weights inches above my best friend's head when the dust settled. 
I didn't know what to think. How could I have moved that fast and why did 300 pounds of steel suddenly seem as light as a feather to me?
Howies eyes were still clinched shut as I stood over him. When he finally opened his eyes, I was still holding the weights inches away from his face. We locked eyes for what seemed like an eternity before he finally crept out from under the weights.
I thought he would freak out, but for some reason he stood there and continued to stare blankly at me. It was as if he was more accepting of this newfound strength of mine than I was. 
I took a step back and dropped the weights to the floor. The deep thud of the weights hitting the floor snapped Howie out of his trance.
What just happened? he finally asked, still staring at me.
I-I dont know.
Adam, how did you do that?
I dont know. His questions were making me uncomfortable. I wasnt good at hiding my mood so I knew he could tell by my facial expression.
How were you able to support that much weight, Adam? I have never seen you even lift the bar!
I dont know. I just saw you in trouble and I reacted. I dont even know if I could do it again.
I followed Howies eyes down to the weights that lay before me.
Try it, he suggested. It was obvious that his curiosity had suddenly matured into excitement.
I looked down at the weights, wondering if I could recreate the magic that I had just displayed. I certainly felt like I could. I woke up that morning feeling better than I had felt in years. I wasnt sure why, but for the first time in my life, it didnt feel as though my body was about to shut down at any second.
I wrapped my fingers around the cold steel bar and exhaled. My heart rate drastically increased as I summoned the courage to attempt to lift the weights again. Howie adjusted his glasses and watched on in silence.
Finally, I gripped the bar as tightly as I could and forcefully pulled it upward. That was a huge mistake. I had yanked the weights from the ground with so much force that I almost threw them into the ceiling. Fortunately, I was able to secure them before they left my hands. Howie watched in awe as I let my left hand fall from the bar and continued to hoist the weights above my head using only my right hand. This has to be some kind of mistake, I thought. These cant be real weights.
How are you doing it, Adam? Howie asked, his voice dripping with astonishment.
I told you, I dont know, I said with the weights still held above me. 
This is incredible, Adam! This is absolutely incredible. And I think you can do more. I think that you can lift considerably more.
I quickly sat the weights down in front of me using just one hand.
Maybe youre right, but- I-I dont want to. The excitement in Howies voice was freaking me out. I could tell that he was no longer looking at me as a friend. In his eyes, I had somehow been relegated to something entirely different. 
Howie was not unlike my older brother PJ in that they both seemed ashamed of their hyper-intelligence. Howie did a good job of blending in most of the time, but whenever he discovered something truly fascinating to study, we got a chance to see the real Howie. In those moments, he didnt care if his speech was too verbose or laden with science jargon. The only thing he cared about was the subject at hand. As he stroked his chin and gazed at me with his dark and curly mop top bouncing about with every move of his head, I knew that I had become nothing more than the basis of some hypothesis that he was already formulating as we spoke.
I guess he must have realized something was wrong because suddenly his demeanor changed.
Listen, I understand completely and I am not trying to force you to do anything-
Can we talk about something else? I interrupted.
Adam, whatever is happening to you, were in this together. You don't have to shut me out, man. This is me we're talking about! You know you can trust me, and you dont have to be ashamed around me, either. You should know that by now. I just want to help you figure this thing out, and I'm probably one of the only people you know who can actually do that. 
I relaxed a bit as I looked him in the eyes and digested his words. He was absolutely right. I had no idea where my newfound strength had come from, but I knew that if anyone could figure it out, it was Howie. I took solace in knowing that instead of considering it weird, he considered my condition to be fascinating. I had long accepted the fact that I was an outcast in terms of the popularity hierarchy, but this was different. This was a brand of odd that could end with me permanently being labeled a freak; the scrawny 700-pounder with the strength of a mule.
You dont think Im a freak, do you? I asked.
Of course not. Youre my friend. Thats all that matters to me. Whatever is going on, I will do everything in my power to help you figure it out. And you can be damn sure that whatever we uncover stays between you and me for as long as you want.
What about Jason?
Howie twitched his mouth from side to side like he always did when he was thinking.
That, my friend, is up to you, he finally said.
Lets just keep it between the two of us for now. At least until we know more about it, I replied.
Agreed. Now I would like to test a theory if you dont mind.
What theory? 
I didnt like that he used the words test and theory. I suddenly began to feel like his lab rat all over again.
I noticed how easily you hoisted the weights on that last attempt. There were almost no extreme muscle contractions in either of your arms. Even as you lifted and placed them down with one hand, your muscles were barely flexed.
What does that mean?
I believe it indicates that you can lift a lot more than 300 pounds. Are you up for trying more?
How much were you thinking? 400?
Not quite, Howie replied, with a strange grin on his face. I didn't like it but kept reminding myself that Howie was my closest friend and that he wouldn't do anything to hurt me.
How much? I finally asked.
700 pounds, he said evenly.
No way. Thats not happening, Howie.
Adam, trust me!
Trust you?! Youre trying to kill me! There's no way Im attempting 700 pounds!
But you can do it, Adam! I know you can!
How can you possibly be so sure?
Because I can bench press 140 pounds, Howie said, nervously.
I narrowed my eyes as I stared at him. What are you saying? I demanded.
140 pounds is my body weight, and like the average male, I can bench press pretty close to what I weigh. With that said, Im sure you can lift your body weight as well, Howie said, looking away as he finished his sentence.
My face grew warm as I wondered how he could have known about my weight. It was true that I weighed 700 pounds, but in no way did I look like I weighed a pound over 140. I was tall and as scrawny as they came, but somehow, Howie knew. Somehow, he had figured it out.
How long have you known? I demanded, feeling betrayed.
Dont worry, Adam. Your secret is still safe. You do a great job of hiding it. It would take someone else as smart as me to figure it out on their own.
What gave me away?
I've always noticed the effects that you have on vehicle suspension, so I knew you had to be a lot heavier than you actually looked. Also, you've broken quite a few desks and chairs over the years as well. Blaming it on the age of our desks was a good cover but I knew it was more than that. It wasnt until you fought Fat Pat on Tuesday that I was able to estimate how much you weighed. You both left foot impressions in the mud, but your footprints were twice as deep as his, meaning that you have to weigh twice as much as he does. Fat Pat's football profile has him listed as 340 pounds, which means you have to weigh anywhere from 660 to 700 pounds.
An uneasy silence crept over the room.
So you were investigating me this entire time? I asked.
Of course not, Adam. I just couldnt help it! This is just how my mind works! I just notice things. I didnt say anything to you because I didnt want you to think I intentionally tried to uncover your secret. I just want to help you, Adam. Thats all I've ever wanted.
I nodded my head, and then looked at the weights. Okay. Ill give it a shot, I said with a sigh. Something told me that he was telling the truth. I knew Howie was my best chance of figuring out what was happening to me, so I finally decided to go through with his tests.
I loaded 700 pounds of weights onto a nearby bench press bar without breaking a sweat. As I pushed the last 100-pound metal plate into position, I realized that Howie may actually be right.
That lab rat feeling washed over me once more as Howie studied me intensely while I lay down beneath the weights.
After a deep breath, I gripped the bar.
Here goes nothing, I said as I pushed against it and lifted the weights into the air. The bar curved slightly under the pressure of the weights, but it felt as though I was lifting paper instead of hundreds of pounds of steel. I let the weights fall to my chest and easily pushed them into the air once more. I couldnt resist doing multiple repetitions. By the time I reset the bar, I had bench-pressed 700 pounds over ten times. 
Howie rubbed his chin as he pondered the significance of my actions. Interesting, he said as I climbed from beneath the weights.
Whats interesting? I asked.
I didnt anticipate 700 pounds being so easy for you. In any case, I have come to the conclusion that your maximum may be several thousands of pounds.
Thousands?! Are you serious?
Absolutely. You just tossed around 700 as if it were paper. I would bet a small fortune that you could lift as much as 5000 pounds after that display. What we need to figure out is not only what you can do, but why you can do it.
How do you suppose we do that?
Ive actually developed a hypothesis, but I need to test it before I can substantiate anything. Can you meet me at the junkyard after school today?
Sure, I said, trying to hide the feeling of dread brought on by the idea of being subjected to more tests.
Good. Ill see you there, he said with a smile. Howie was back in that mode that I didnt like, but I knew he meant well.
The bell finally rang, signaling that it was time to change classes. We both smiled at each other and shook hands as we prepared to part ways. As I left the gym on that day, I wasn't sure of what was happening to me but I was glad that Howie was there to help me figure it out.








10. DIFFERENCES


I GOT OFF THE SCHOOL BUS NEAR THE JUNKYARD AND walked the rest of the way. The junkyard had long been abandoned, but I guess no one had ever bothered to clear the site out. Howie, Jason, and I had discovered it a year ago and used to consider it our official secret hideaway, until Jason created 3D. 
I stared at the massive piles of scraps and junk metal as I approached and wondered what answers Howie thought lay there.
Howie had arrived before me. His face lit up with excitement as soon as he noticed me. As I approached, he was leaning against an old junker pickup truck, probably pondering the extent of my mutation or whatever it was that was wrong with me.
So whats this big hypothesis of yours? I asked, forcing a grin. I was trying to mirror his excitement because I was concerned that I had hurt his feelings earlier that day when I got defensive about my condition.
Ill get to that after a few tests, Howie said.
What are we testing?
Mainly the extent of your strength and the possibility of other abilities.
Alright then. What do you want to me to do? 
Howie reached into his backpack and withdrew a radar gun.
Did you take that from the gym? I asked.
Sure did! I taught myself how to pick the lock and grabbed it. Dont worry. Ill have it back before Coach even notices that its gone. The reason I brought it is because I want to use it to track how fast you can move.
What makes you think I run fast at all?
Remember how fast you moved when you stopped those weights from crushing my head earlier today? Starting from a seated position, you were able to stand and cover a distance of ten feet all in less than a second. Id like to see if you can move that fast again, and I can track the exact speed with this.
He was right. I didnt even remember moving when it all happened, but somehow I had managed to cross the distance in far less time that I should have been able to.
I took a position 40 meters away from Howie and waited for him to give me the signal. When he raised his left hand and dropped it, I took a deep breath and clumsily sprinted forward. I wasnt quite the blur that I had been in the gym earlier, but I was definitely moving faster than I usually could. Eventually, I gained much more momentum than I could handle.
I zipped by Howie, whose eyes widened as he gazed at the radar gun. My attempt to stop was too sudden, and I lost my balance and tumbled head over heels into a huge pile of scrap metal located just before the tall, wooden fence that stood at the edge of the junkyard. As always, the only thing hurt was my pride. Howie rushed to my aide, but once he noticed that I wasn't hurt, he laughed hysterically at me. 
I wish I had had a camera handy for that, he said, smiling from ear to ear. I couldnt help but laugh as well. I usually wasnt comfortable laughing when the joke was on me, but this was Howie. I knew he was laughing with me and not at me.
Howie didnt bother trying to help me up. We both knew he could offer little assistance with my 700-pound body. 
So, how fast was I going before I wiped out? I asked as I pulled myself to my feet.
Howie looked back down at the radar gun. 
You registered 38 miles per hour on the gun, but Im sure thats nowhere near your top speed.
Yeah, my takeoff was horrible and I was moving so fast that it was hard to keep my balance.
I noticed. Im sure if you practiced maintaining your balance you could probably run three or four times as fast as you did just now.
Seriously? You think I could run over 100 miles per hour?
Of course you can. I just watched you stumble around at nearly 40 miles per hour! That's about twelve miles per hour more than the fastest human footspeed ever recorded. Imagine if you had the training and running form that they had? If you practiced maintaining your form, there's no telling what you could do.
I could tell he thought I should be excited by that but I couldn't help feeling depressed. The way he said the fastest human footspeed didn't sit well with me. If I could stumble faster than the fastest recorded human sprinter could run, did that mean I wasnt human? Did that mean that I was something else? I turned my back to Howie and stared into the distance as I thought about quitting his round of tests.
Whats happening to me, Howie? Whats wrong with me?
Nothing is wrong with you, Adam.
I think you know something. Theres something youre not telling me, isnt there? I asked without looking at him.
Youre just different, Adam. That's all there is to it. Contrary to popular belief, different is not always a bad thing.
It is when that difference makes you a freak.
Being faster and stronger than the average human doesnt make you a freak, Adam. And it doesnt make you any less human. It makes you special. Do you know what the average human IQ is? Between 85 and 115. Mine is over 200. Do you think Im a freak too? he asked.
No, but thats not the same, I said as I glanced at him over my shoulder.
But it is the same! he shot back. Ive always looked at my intelligence the same way youre looking at yourself right now. You have no idea how it feels to have to give everyone an abridged version of your thoughts lest they not understand what it is that youre attempting to say. Ive only just now understood the folly of looking at myself that way. Because of you, Ive realized that Im not a freak just because Id prefer to discuss theoretical astrophysics as opposed to some mindless reality show or some god-awful sports team. Because of you, I know that Im special. I am not a freak, Adam, and neither are you.
As always, Howie was right. In my heart of hearts, I still felt like a freak, but his words were enough to let me know that maybe my subconscious was wrong in this case. 
Are you going to tell me this theory of yours? I asked as I faced him.
I will, but I need to see a few more things first.
A wave a frustration rushed over me but I fought hard to suppress it. Thats fine, I said. What do you need me to do?
This one is simple. I need you to jump as high as you can.
Simple for you, I thought sarcastically as I prepared to leap into the air. I took a deep breath and with one great leap, I found myself seemingly floating in the air thirty feet off the ground. I couldn't believe it, but Howies expression showed no indications of surprise, as if he had expected me to be able to jump that high.
I landed with a hard thud and lost my balance as I hit the ground. This is going to take some getting used to, I thought as I pulled myself to my feet.
What else? I asked, still trying to hide my impatience.
He smiled and pointed to the broken down pickup truck that he had been leaning against when I initially arrived. I glanced at the truck, then back to Howie.
What do you want me to do to it?
I want you to lift it.
Howie, thats impossible. I knew he had to be joking, but it worried me when he didnt crack a smile.
Just try it, Adam. You can start by lifting one end from the ground. If its too heavy, you can simply put it back down and we'll move on.
Why did he have so much confidence in my newfound abilities? What was he not telling me?
Okay. Ill give it a shot, I mumbled before trudging over to the corpse of a truck. I placed my hands under the rear bumper of the junker and prepared to be humiliated. Who am I kidding? I thought. Howies smart, but he has to be grasping at straws with this one.
I planted my feet and pulled upward on the back of the truck with as much force as I could muster. To my surprise, even the weight of the truck was not enough to deny me. It wasnt as easy as the 700 pounds of weights that I had lifted earlier that day, but it wasn't nearly as impossible as it should have been. Inch by inch, I managed to lift the rear of the truck into the air. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Howie making mental notes and calculations as I maneuvered my way underneath the truck and grabbed a sturdy bar near the center. 
This is crazy, I said to myself as I kneeled to regain my balance. Howie gave a simple nod of reassurance and I pushed against the truck with all my might. 
Every muscle in my scrawny arms fired away as the rusty tons of metal and gravity tried desperately to foil my plans. I could hear my pulse throbbing inside of my head as I slowly forced the truck higher into the air.
I was almost there. Beads of sweat raced down my forehead as I rested the truck on my back and shoulders while I balanced it with my hands. I was one giant thrust away from hoisting it above my head, but I could feel the rusted frame of the truck quickly wearing out. Finally, I planted my feet and pushed upward as hard as I could, but the trucks frame could not sustain its weight any longer. I fell to the ground and cowered as the rusty metal beast snapped into two pieces and tumbled onto me.
Adam! Howie shouted as he rushed over and frantically tried in vain to remove the pieces of the truck from on top of me. Adam! Adam, talk to me! His voice cracked as he yanked at a piece of the rusted truck.
Im fine, Howie. Im not hurt. Im just trying to catch my breath, I said between huge gasps for air. Stand back for a minute.
Howie took several steps backward without taking his eyes away from the tons of scrap metal that lay on top of me.
In one big heave I pushed the two pieces of truck away and sat up. As Howie looked on, frozen in awe, I flopped back to the ground and stared up into the sky above.
Are you sure youre okay, Adam? he asked nervously.
Im fine, Howie. Im just exhausted.
Howie walked over and collapsed to the ground beside me. He looked into the horizon as the sun started to sink into the trees in the distance.
Im sorry, Adam.
Howie, Im fine. It didnt even leave a scratch. 
Did you feel any pain? he asked. The sudden change of tone in his voice let me know that he had switched back to his probing mode again, now that he knew I was unharmed.
Yeah, I did, but not very much. It's nothing really. How much does that thing weigh, anyway?
Approximately three tons, Howie said as he rubbed his chin, seemingly lost in his inner thoughts.
Three tons! 6000 pounds! Are you kidding me? I exclaimed, eyes wide with disbelief. Howie, are you serious?
Yes, I'm dead serious. The average pickup truck weighs around 6000 pounds.
Howie, whats going on here? How am I able to do these things? I asked, hoping he was ready to spill the beans. I had grown tired of his tests and I needed answers.
A part of it is adrenaline, but I think the most important factor is your molecular density. Your molecules have to be a great deal denser than the average humans. Thats the only way to explain why you look so small yet weigh so much.
I have no idea what you're saying, Howie. Dumb it down for me, will you? I said as I struggled to comprehend his words.
Howie looked around, then finally grabbed a baseball-sized rock that lay near him and held it where I could see. This rock is about the size of a baseball, yet its a lot heaver than a baseball. The reason why is because the molecules that make up this rock are packed a lot closer together than the molecules that make up a baseball. That means that even though they appear to be the same size, the rock is heavier because it contains more molecules than the baseball. Now imagine if you have two boxes that are the same size. Suppose we were to fill one box completely and only fill the second box to one fifth of its full capacity. If we shut both boxes and simply observe them with our eyes as opposed to weighing them on a scale, they would both appear to look the same size and weight; however, one would actually be much heavier and essentially larger than the other because it contained more mass. In terms of volume, they are the same size, but in terms of mass, the full box is much larger than the other.
So that makes me the full box, I said, finally catching up to Howies theory. 
Precisely, he stated.
But that doesnt explain the things that I can do.
Actually, it does. Take our arms for example. Your arm is just as scrawny as mine, yet youre considerably stronger than I am because your muscles are actually several times larger than they appear due to your density. Your entire body is about four to six times as dense as the average humans, which consequently makes you considerably stronger and faster than the average human.
Then why do I always feel so weak? Why am I not always as strong as I am today?
The dinner, Howie said calmly, as if he expected the question.
Dr. Kates dinner? What does that have to do with anything?
Im not trying to embarrass you, Adam, but it was pretty easy for me to deduce the reason as to why Dr. Kate invited you over for dinner. Just by looking at you, its obvious to see that you dont get enough to eat on a regular basis. Only eating the scraps that they feed us at school for you is like me only eating a slice of bread a day for my entire life. Malnutrition is the reason why you were never able to do the things you did today before now.
So, youre saying food has given me power? I asked, puzzled.
No, Adam, the food merely provides the energy you need to tap into the potential that lies within your dense molecular composition. Simply put, your 700-pound body requires a lot more food than the average persons does. There is nothing magical about what youve done today. Youve always had the potential; your muscles just never had the energy they truly needed. You said you ate over twelve plates of food at Dr. Kates dinner. That's why you were able to do the things that you did today. When you metabolized that food, for the first time in your life, your body had enough fuel to do what its truly capable of.
So youre saying I should eat that much every day? Where am I gonna get that much food, Howie? I asked.
By my calculations, you should eat 15 to 20 standard meals a day in order to give your body the energy it needs. As far as how to get the food, you can leave that to me.
How are you gonna get that much food?
You would be surprised at what people will give up in order to have me do their homework, my friend, Howie said with a wink.
You're gonna do other peoples homework in exchange for food?
Absolutely. Half of the students never actually eat their breakfast and lunch at school anyway. Trading unwanted food for a guaranteed A is a no-brainer. Youll still have to eat that cafeteria crap, but at least youll get the volume of food that you need. 
Thats a lot of work, Howie. Im not sure if Im okay with this.
Two things, Adam. One: Homework at this school takes me all of five minutes to complete. Two: Youre my best friend, so even if it took me forever, I would still do it for you.
As we both stood and faced the exit, I realized why Howie would always be my best friend. He may not have the means to shower me with gifts or pay for a state of the art secret hideout like Jason, but he obviously cared about me just as much as he did himself. 
What are you grinning about? I asked as I noticed a wide smile on Howies face.
Nothing, he said quickly. We should probably get moving.
Come on, Howie. What are you thinking? I asked as I followed him to the exit.
Maybe some other time. I dont want to overwhelm you.
Im fine. Come on, lay it on me, I urged as we neared the junkyard exit.
Well, I think we should explore the possibility of forming a team.
What kind of team?
A superhero team, he replied.
Something told me that this was not what was really on his mind, but I didnt push the issue. I couldnt tell if he was serious about the superhero idea, but I was completely against it. 
Absolutely not! I said, firmly.
Like I said, I didnt want to overwhelm you. Youll come around though, Howie said as we exited the junkyard and started down the trail that led back into town.
And what makes you so sure? I asked.
There's no way youll be able to resist the opportunity to work with the greatest sidekick of all time.
Youre out of your mind, Howie, I said, and we both laughed.
It felt good to finally have someone to share my secret with but I was still mortified by the drastic differences between me and what Howie had constantly referred to as the average human. He had managed to answer a lot of questions as far as what I could do, but he failed to address the one question that burned in my mind as we made our way home: Why was I born this way?
11. DARKER


HOWIE WAS ABSOULTLEY RIGHT ABOUT THE FOOD. THE next day I felt as bad as I had ever felt in my life. Not only was I starving, but my muscles and joints were extremely sore due to being pushed to limits that they had never experienced before. I felt so terrible that I wanted to stay home, but I knew that if I did, I wouldnt have anything to eat for the entire day.
I had lost my mojo and I desperately wanted it back. As soon as I got off the bus, I frantically searched for Howies face in the crowd of students. My stomach lurched and growled fiercely as I searched for him. I hoped that his plan of getting extra food for me was already in motion because if I didnt eat something soon, I knew I was going to pass out. Before yesterday, I was accustomed to the tremendous hunger and the taxing feeling of utter exhaustion. That sickened state of being had always been what I considered normal because I had no frame of reference to compare it to but now I knew differently. Now I knew what my true normal felt like. Going from the power that I possessed yesterday back to this weakened existence seemed to almost amplify my state of helplessness.
A glimmer of hope arose as I finally noticed Howie in the crowd, making his way toward me. My palms suddenly grew sweaty when I noticed Jason a few steps behind him. Had Howie told him about my secret? If so, how would Jason react?
Morning, guys, I said calmly as they joined me by the school bus drop off area near the cafeteria.
Howie could tell that I was nervous. His subtle wink let me know that my secret was still safe.
So whats the plan for today guys? Jason asked as he took a seat on a nearby bench. Its Friday. We should do something fun.
What did you have in mind? Howie asked.
I was thinking we should hang out at 3D. I just finished installing the 3D projector. I think it would be pretty cool to play some video games on it.
Howie and Jason continued to talk as I fought hard not to pass out. The sweet smell of breakfast wafting from Howies backpack was making me hungrier by the second.
Adam, are you okay? Jason suddenly asked. You dont look so good.
Im fine. I just havent eaten anything yet, I said, hoping that Howie would catch my drift.
Howie adjusted his glasses and grabbed his backpack and withdrew two school breakfasts packed in white containers. As he handed the containers to me, Jason noticed that Howie had several more containers in his backpack.
Whats up with all the food, bro? Did you rob the cafeteria or something? he asked jokingly.
No. I did a few favors for some classmates. Its no big deal, Howie replied. Jason was obviously confused, but I was glad to see that he let it go.
I had eaten both breakfasts by the time the bell rang for first period. As we stood and gathered our things, I noticed that Howie grabbed my backpack and left his on the ground beside the bench. I was just about to hand his pack to him when I realized that he had intentionally left it so that I could retrieve the rest of the food that he had gotten for me. I nodded a silent thank you as he glanced back at me.
As we parted ways, I was starting to wonder if Jason knew that we were hiding something from him. He wasnt as smart as Howie, but Jason was nobodys fool. If I wanted to keep him from getting suspicious, we were going to have to be careful.
As soon as I entered the main building, I quickly ducked into the nearest boys restroom and darted to the last stall. The inside of the stall, like the rest of the room, was filthy, but I couldnt care less at the time. All I cared about was ridding myself of the present hunger that seemed to be eating away at my very being.
I opened Howies backpack and withdrew the last five containers of breakfast, eating them all in under a minute. I suppose my metabolism must have been quite accelerated because I could instantly feel a burst of invigorating energy as the hunger subsided.
The high from ridding myself of that overwhelming feeling of starvation was short-lived as I heard the restroom door suddenly open and close. I pulled my feet into the air and sat quietly as the door opened and closed twice more.
Its not them, I thought. It cant be them. 
I know youre in here, dweeb! Fat Pats voice echoed throughout the room.
We can do this the hard way or the easy way, he shouted as I heard the door of the first stall being thrown open. My heart thumped violently in my chest as I heard them throw open the second stall. They were only three stalls away from me and I had no idea what I was going to do when they found me. As I weighed my options, it suddenly dawned on me that I had no reason to be afraid of them anymore. My heart beat even faster as that realization sank in; only now, it wasnt beating faster out of fear but out of excitement.
Youre only making it harder on yourself, dweeb. I dont have all day.
Neither do I, I said firmly as I flung open the door to my stall.
I exited the stall and looked him right in the eyes. I was cornered. Cornered and alone, but this time I wasnt afraid.
I told you, you couldnt run forever punk. The fiendish grin plastered across Fat Pats pudgy face was pissing me off.
Who says Im running? I growled.
Pats eyes widened in disbelief. Puzzled, he looked to his minions, Bryan and Jimmy, who were just as astonished as he was.
You must have a death wish or something, Grim Weeper. I was actually gonna take it easy on you, but now youre really gonna get it, Fat Pat snarled as he nodded toward the middle stall, which was labeled with an Out of Order sign. Let's see if you have so much courage after you go bobbing for brownies, Weeper! 
The sickening smell of fecal matter and urine filled the room as Jimmy opened the door of the faulty stall.
Thats sick, Pat, Jimmy said as he laughed and grimaced while looking inside of the stall. Even for you, Pat, thats sick! 
Bryan grabbed the back of my shirt collar and walked me over to the stall. One look at the contents of that toilet bowl was almost enough to make me vomit. Jimmy stood directly behind me, with Pat and Bryan to my right and left respectively, as I stood silently in the entrance of the stall and contemplated my next move.
Any last words, chump? Fat Pat asked before he slapped his massive hand onto my shoulder.
As soon as his chubby fingers touched me, I snapped. Before he could draw his next breath, I quickly whipped around to face him and shoved him across the room. He crashed against the wall near the restroom entrance and collapsed onto the floor.
After a quick 90-degree turn, I was facing Jimmy just as he was about to grab me. I grabbed him by his collar and easily lifted him into the air before he could react. Bryan was frozen in awe as I hurled the kicking and screaming Jimmy at him. Jimmys body collided with Bryan, sending them both tumbling to the floor.
Fat Pat had managed to pull himself to his feet by the time that I turned my attention back to him. He was as mad as I had ever seen, but as he rumbled toward me, I couldnt help but laugh at how slowly he moved. I easily evaded his outstretched hands and punched him hard in the stomach, instantly knocking the wind out of him.
Bryan and Jimmy were still scrambling to gain their footing when I slipped behind Pat, grabbed the back of his shoulders, and forced him to his knees. I smiled as I dragged him kicking and screaming into the out of order stall. 
No! Pats screamed as he tried in vain to resist. 
Finally, I tightened my iron grip on the back of Pats neck and whispered into his ear, Any last words, Chump? 
Pat placed his hands on the bowl of the toilet and resisted with all his might as I prepared to plunge his head into the filth that he ever so deserved to guzzle. I remember the moment when he realized his fate. A single tear slowly crept down his face as his arms finally went limp.
Bryan and Jimmy had made it to their feet, but they did not lend a hand to their defeated comrade. They simply stared in a trance at the bony assailant that had somehow single-handedly taken down their enormous companion.
I glared at them both as I continued to grip the back of the helpless Fat Pats neck. I couldn't see my face in that moment, but I knew that my expression must have been horrifying; so much so, that it struck obvious terror in the hearts of two individuals who appeared to be twice my size.
For a fraction of a second, I actually pitied them. I had somehow allowed myself to become that which I had always hated the most. In that moment, it was I who had become the bully. My thoughts of possibly showing them mercy vanished as soon as the image of Howies head being slammed to the floor and Fat Pat sitting on him flashed into my mind. There would be no mercy. Fat Pat had to pay for the years of torment that we had all suffered at his hand. So what if it meant giving in to the darkness that I felt clawing its way out of my heart and pouring itself into my very soul?
It had to be done. So I did it.
Pats arms and legs flailed as he tried frantically to free his head from the filth of the toilet bowl. The choking and gurgling noises he made were music to my ears. I smiled and remained silent as he continued to struggle. 
As Bryan and Jimmy tried in vain to pull me away and Fat Pats flailing began to slow, I suddenly realized that I had possibly gone too far. 
Bryan and Jimmy quickly backed away as I yanked Pats head out of the disgusting toilet bowl and threw him to the floor. I backed away as he coughed violently and gasped for air. The realization that I could have killed him started to set in as I watched him tremble on the floor before me. The fact that he looked so weak and pitiful disgusted me. Ending him would have taken me no more effort than that needed to end a bug. I took another step backward and tried to rid myself of the dark thoughts that clouded my mind. I turned and glared at Jimmy and Bryan, who were still speechless and frozen in place. 
I didnt see anything, Bryan said before looking away.
Me neither, Jimmy offered. 
I said nothing as I approached them. They both cowered in fear as I reached toward them. I grabbed Howies backpack, which lay near them, and walked over to the sink to wash my hands.
As I exited the restroom and headed to class, my internal conflict was enough to almost drive me insane. A part of me enjoyed every second of the agony Fat Pat had suffered at my hand, but another part of me was afraid of what I had allowed myself to become. Perhaps the most unnerving part was the fact that I was still fighting the urge to storm back into the rest room and finish them all off. They all deserved to be punished and I finally had the power to do so.
The rage was so uncontrollable that I could barely manage to suppress it. I needed to get as far away from them as possible before I lost control. I knew that there was only one way for me to calm down. My only hope was that she would somehow be able to forgive me.
















12. NOTHING SERIOUS


SHE DIDNT EVEN LOOK AT ME AS I ENTERED THE CLASSROOM. Monica simply continued to focus on the work that lay before her as I passed by and took my seat behind her. How could I have blown it so badly? I thought as I sank into my seat.
I couldnt even remember what we had argued about. Probably something stupid, I thought with a sigh. I took solace in the fact that she at least didn't change her seat. Her presence in the desk just in front of me was enough to calm the rage that was still coursing through my veins as I entered the classroom.
I was such an idiot to squander the opportunity to become friends with her. What was I thinking? Who wastes an opportunity to get close to the girl of their dreams? My self-pity party wasnt helping my situation, so I decided to grab the proverbial bull by the horns.
I ripped off a small sheet of paper and scribbled the words Im sorry onto it. I made sure the teacher wasnt looking and then folded the note and gently tossed it over Monicas shoulder.
Monica stared at the note for a bit before grabbing it and opening it. She scribbled something on the paper and dropped it to the floor behind her. I moved the paper closer to me with my right foot, then reached downward and picked it up.
My heart sank as I saw that she had written the words I bet you are under my note. I knew that getting through to her wouldnt be a walk in the park, but I didnt plan on giving up so easily.
I scribbled another note letting her know that I was going to take a restroom break. I asked her to take one as well shortly after I left so that we could talk. 
I waited outside the east wing rest rooms for what seemed like an eternity. It was actually only a minute or so, but it seemed like forever to me. My heart skipped a beat as she finally rounded the corner and headed toward me.
What do you want? Monica asked impatiently as she stopped in front of me.
I wanted to apologize for the way that I acted.
Its too late for an apology, she hissed and rolled her eyes.
Just give me a chance, Monica. I wasnt myself that day.
She sighed without replying and looked at the floor.
Im serious, Monica. I just get so nervous by simply being in the same room with you. Youre so perfect and Im so stupid that I just assumed that you didnt want to be seen with me. I know I made a gigantic mistake but Im willing to do whatever it takes to make up for it.
I was surprised when she finally looked into my eyes. 
Youre right, you are stupid, she said. Stupid for thinking that Im perfect. 
Just give me another chance. Thats all that Im asking for, I said, hoping that I didnt sound too desperate.
I released a sigh of relief as she finally smiled.
Well, I suppose everyone deserves a second chance. Even you, she quipped. My mom is cooking dinner again tonight. Youre welcome to join us if youd like. Im sure by then I will have thought of enough tasks for you to perform in order to make up for your indiscretions.
Why do I have to perform tasks? Why cant you just forgive me? I jokingly demanded.
Whatever it takes, remember? Those were your words, not mine, Monica winked at me as she turned and headed back to class.
I was extremely excited and relieved to have gotten back within her good graces. Who would have known that being honest with her would actually work?
I still couldnt shake the feeling of unworthiness that festered in my stomach, but I couldnt help but want to be around her. I kept thinking that it was all somehow going to reveal itself to be some kind of ploy to make me look silly in the end. 
How can she really be interested in me? I thought as I made my way back to class. People like me never get the girl. Everyone knows that girls are only crazy about guys that are not crazy about them. I couldnt figure out why I should be the exception. 
Despite the vast discrepancy in terms of beauty, there was obviously something between us, and that was enough to keep me from giving up.

I COULD TELL JASON WAS STILL SUSPICIOUS OF HOWIE and me at lunch but he wasnt saying anything. Howie was a thousand times more perceptive than I was so, I was sure that he knew it too.
So what did you guys do after school yesterday? Jason asked.
We hung out at the junkyard. Nothing special, Howie said.
You guys still down to hang out at 3D after school today? Jason asked. Ive been dying to try out the multiplayer on the projector. 
I actually have plans, I said, bracing myself for the imminent backlash.
Plans? The Reaper has plans?! Jason said, his eyes wide with excitement. So whos the unlucky lady, Adam?
Its just a study date. Its nothing serious, okay? I wasnt sure why I lied.
Yeah, well, good luck with your nothing serious, Jason smirked.
Did you get the watch? Howie suddenly asked.
Jason grabbed his backpack and withdrew a small black box.
Yup, Ive got it right here.
What is that for? I asked.
Its a state of the art running watch. It uses GPS to track your speed and distance as you run. Howies finally decided to get in shape, and he thought this could help.
Youve started a workout routine? I asked.
Yes, very recently though. About a day or so ago. Howies subtle wink let me know that the watch was actually for me. 
After the bell rang, Howie and I switched bags again. Howie had stuffed my backpack to full capacity with the extra lunches that he had accumulated by doing homework for our fellow classmates.
We thought Jason wasnt looking when Howie quickly shoved the running watch into my backpack as well. We were wrong.









13. SAY YOU WILL
 http://youtu.be/SRqZt8jMwV0

DINNER WITH MONICAS FAMILY WAS UNEVENTFUL. AS I ate my usual twelve plates, I wondered if they really bought the story Monica fed them about my athleticism being the reason for my abnormal appetite. I also wondered how they would react if they knew the real reason for my appetite was because my body was so dense that I actually weighed over 700 pounds and needed to eat about six times as much food as a normal person in order to properly nourish myself.
As we all ate, laughed, and talked, I was impressed by how well I was able to blend in with them. Aside from the fact that I ate more food than all of them combined, it almost seemed like I could have been a regular part of their family. Monicas seemingly perfect family made me long for a substitute for my own highly dysfunctional family. But then again, I wasn't normal. So why did I deserve a normal family? 
Once dinner was over and I said my goodbyes, Monica grabbed the keys to her dads SUV and offered to drive me home. 
It was already dark outside as we hit the road. I studied her as she drove. She was such a cautious driver, always focused on the road, never taking her hands off of the wheel.
Thanks for inviting me over, Monica, I said, breaking the silence.
Thanks for not being a jerk this time, she replied with a delightful smile.
The nights still young! Ive still got time to piss you off, I jokingly shot back.
You certainly do a good job of that when you put forth the effort, she quipped.
I stared at her without responding. I was trying to decide if I should follow through with the surprise that I had planned for her. I could tell that the silence was making her uncomfortable. She glanced over at me then back to the road.
Why did you stop talking? she asked, her tone letting me know that she thought she had done something wrong.
Well, I'm trying to decide if I should show you the surprise I had planned for you.
She couldnt hide her excitement as her beaming smile stretched from ear to ear. It was dark out and there were no lights on inside the SUV, but even in darkness I could easily tell that I was looking at one of the most gorgeous people to have ever existed. I didn't know what I had done to deserve the company of the most beautiful person on Earth, but I was determined to do whatever it took to stay within her good graces.
So, what's the surprise? she asked.
Im not telling, I said, pulling my eyes away from hers. I knew that if I continued to look into her eyes, I wouldnt be able to resist telling her what I had planned.
Why not?! she demanded.
Because its actually a pretty big secret, and Im not sure if I should reveal it to you, I said. Turn right at this stop sign.
That's not fair, Mister. You said you would do whatever it takes to earn my forgiveness, remember? Monica said as she playfully pouted.
But you've already forgiven me, I said as I gestured for her to make a left turn.
Says who? You're not officially forgiven until I actually say I forgive you, and I don't recall saying that.
So why did you invite me over for dinner? I asked.
It was a trial to see if you are worthy of my forgiveness. So far, Id say you're doing a horrible job, she said, still making that playful pouty face.
I couldn't keep a straight face with her looking at me that way. I fought desperately to restrain my smile to a normal one, but I couldnt stop it from spreading from ear to ear as I watched her. 
You certainly don't fight fair, do you? I asked.
Never, she replied with a wink. So spit it out, Mister.
Fine. Your surprise is I paused to wait until the building was in view. Inside there, I said as I pointed ahead to AJs Storage.
Monica stopped the SUV in front of AJ's Storage. I withdrew a small remote from my jacket pocket and opened the gate.
Interesting. What kind of surprise is this? she asked.
You'll see.
I guided her to the very back of the lot and had her park in front of 3D. Jason and Howie were long gone by then, so we had the place all to ourselves. I was glad that she didn't object to following me into a dark storage facility after dark.
Thanks for not thinking I'm a creeper, I said as I punched the access code into the control panel of the main door to 3D. 
The jury is still out, she replied, jokingly.
She was speechless as the automatic door retracted into the roof, revealing the contents of our secret hideout. Jason had been busy upgrading the furniture and equipment. He had even installed a bathroom. By that point, the Third Dimension was probably better decorated and equipped than most peoples homes. 
Wow! Monica said as she walked around, marveling at the sophistication of our hideout. This is amazing, Adam! What is this place? Did you do all of this?
As if I had that kind of money, I thought. We call it the Third Dimension, I said. The property belongs to my buddy Jason Kilpatrick's dad. Jason put everything together, though. I figured this would be a nice place for us to hang out too. That is, if youre okay with it.
Well, tell Jason I said thanks for the surprise, Monica joked.
This is merely the venue, my dear. This is the surprise, I stated as I reached in my backpack and withdrew a copy of Frozen Sky, the latest 3D concert film by the international pop sensation Travis.
Monica's face was suddenly flushed with excitement. 
How did you know?! Who told you I liked Travis?! Monica asked as she snatched the copy from my hands and studied every inch of the package.
I cheated. I read your profile online.
So you're okay watching this too, Adam? Are you telling me that youre a closet Travis fan?
Absolutely not! This is just how far I'm willing to go in order to win your forgiveness.
Well in that case, Mister, I suppose youre forgiven.
Can I get that in writing? I'm sure you understand my concern, I grinned.
Keep that up and I'll change my mind. Monica playfully shoved me and made a b-line for the couch. Can we watch it on this? she asked, pointing at the massive projector screen on the wall in front of the couch.
That's the plan, I said calmly. I was surprised at how smoothly the words came out. I fought the urge to tell her that we could do anything she wanted. I didn't want to seem too desperate, even though that was clearly the case. Luckily, I was getting pretty good at pretending to be something that I wasn't.
Travis was actually not a bad singer by any stretch. The problem for me was that his fan base was mostly comprised of teenage girls. The fact that almost every female on the planet loved his music made most guys hate it by default. My hate for Travis' concert film wasnt nearly as strong as my desire to spend time with Monica, however. I would have watched a marathon of his concerts if it meant I got to spend time with her.
As the film started, the 3D projection of Travis suddenly appeared before us. I couldnt help but hate everything about him. I hated the way he danced. Hated the way he sang. I even hated the way his slightly tanned skin blended perfectly with his sandy blond, flawlessly cropped hair. But she loved him, and that was all that mattered. I noticed her smiling and looking at me as I endured the agony of Travis 3D avatar seemingly dancing a few feet away from us.
What are you smiling about? I asked.
I was just thinking that I was completely wrong about you. After you were such an enormous jerk the other day, I didnt even think you were capable of something like this, she said warmly.
There are a lot of things you don't know about me, I casually replied. Like the fact that I almost lifted a pickup truck above my head yesterday, I thought to myself. As we continued to watch the concert, the urge to divulge my secret to her kept swelling inside of my chest. The only thing holding me back was the fear of her thinking that I was a freak. How could she not think that? I weighed over 700 pounds. Who wants to date a half-ton skinny guy? 
She would probably be afraid to be intimate with me out of fear of being crushed under my inexplicable weight. And who could blame her? Who wants to be with someone that could possibly kill them just by lying on top of them?
Besides, I was already doing such a good job of convincing her that I was normal. Maybe I didnt have to be able to bench press several thousands of pounds in order to garner her affection. 
I continued to watch her as she gawked at the 3D projection of Travis as he sang his hit single Say You Will. He was everything that I wasn't. My hair wasn't nearly as perfect. I had put on a bit of muscle in the past few days, but I wasn't nearly as chiseled as the Greek god-like figure that held the girl of my dreams in such a trance.
I'm not sure why I tried it. Perhaps it was the subtle jealously that I felt as I watched her pine over the virtual projection of a guy she had never met before. Whatever the case, my attempt to kiss the girl of my dreams was unsuccessful. I took solace in the fact that she did not freak out. She simply pulled her head just out of reach as I made my move. 
I had seen in the movies where the girl always resisted at first but ultimately came back in for the big kiss. I waited for that moment as we stared into each other's eyes but the moment never came. 
A potent wave of embarrassment washed over me as I sat there, probably looking like a buffoon in her eyes. I stood and turned my back to her, wishing I could somehow have that moment back. 
Im sorry. I didn't mean to be too forward, I said as I felt her soft hand fall onto my shoulder.
Its okay, Adam. You don't have to apologize. I just don't know if I'm ready for that yet. Her voice was soft and comforting.
As Travis tunes still played in the background, I buried my shame beneath a mountain of pride. I could feel it coming, but there was no way I was about to let a tear fall. The faux-smile that I plastered across my face was as genuine a fake smile as I could muster as I whipped around to face her.
Can I at least have a hug? I asked. My delivery of the line was infinitely smoother than I expected. Where did this swagger come from? I thought. It felt as though I was having an out-of-body experience, as this version of myself took in stride the caliber of rejection that would normally bring me to my knees.
Monica smiled as she gazed at me. I could tell that she was still trying to figure me out, but as she fell into my outstretched arms, there was no denying that she liked me. We embraced with the 3D avatar of Travis still dancing a few feet away. 
Creeper, Monica jokingly mumbled with her head still buried in my chest. 
I smiled as I stared at the projection of Travis. For a fraction of a second we seemed to lock gazes. I silently mouthed the words I win before he went back to dancing.
It was true. I had won, but in my gut it only seemed to be a temporary victory. The girl of my dreams was falling for me, but would she feel the same if she knew the real me? Would she still be comfortable being alone with me at this time of night if she knew what I was truly capable of?













14. THE DARK SIDE OF ME


MY FATHER WAS UP TO HIS USUAL SHENANIGANS WHEN I arrived at home. He and my mother were in the middle of one of their trademarked arguments as I entered the living room. My mother quickly turned away from me, probably hoping I had not noticed the tears in the corners of her eyes.
Where the hell have you been? Phillip, Sr. barked as soon as he noticed me. I knew better than to ignore him when he was in that kind of state. His normally yellowish eyes were reddened and I could smell the alcohol on his breath from twelve feet away.
I was just hanging out with a friend. I lost track of time, I said quietly.
You lost track of time? How in the hell did you lose track of time? 
Dad, its Friday. Give him a break! said PJ, who had surprisingly emerged from the basement to come to my defense.
Quiet, PJ! Your father is just concerned, our mother interjected. It was hard for me to even look at her lately. She always had this look of sorrow in her eyes that would nearly bring me to tears. She was only 45 years old, but her now sunken face and hollow cheeks made her appear to be far older. It was as though the stress of our poverty and her desolate marriage to our father had caused her to age at twice the normal rate.
Youd better listen to your mother, boy, Phillip, Sr. growled as he glared at PJ.
I could tell by the expression on PJs face that he had no intentions of backing down. There was a familiar darkness within his eyes. A darkness that I knew all too well. I had felt it seeping into me and corrupting my soul as I plunged Fat Pats head into that toilet bowl and held him there so long that he almost drowned in the filth. At first, I thought my newfound strength was the catalyst of my morbid impulses, but I now knew that I had my father to thank for them. PJ wasnt nearly as strong as I was but we shared the same darkness within. We were both merely products of our environment. I had Monicas presence to help me keep the dark at bay, but PJ had no one.
Are you going to hit me again if I dont shut up? PJ hissed as he pushed his stringy hair out of his face.
Listen boy, just because youre going off and visiting some fancy college this weekend doesnt make you a man. Youd better show me some damn respect before I teach you some, Phillip, Sr. roared, his eyes wide with rage.
I wish I could leave tonight. Im sick of this piece of crap house and this piece of crap family! PJ bellowed.
Phillip, please dont talk to your father that way, our mother pleaded.
I dont have a father. PJ braced himself as our father approached him in silence. As the two of them stood face to face, I took a few steps forward, not sure if I should intervene.
I dont know what the hell has gotten into you, boy, but youre about three seconds away from getting the hell beat out of you, our father growled as he poked PJ in the chest with his index finger.
My hopes of cooler heads prevailing were shattered as PJ shoved our father away. Upset, Phillip, Sr. pounced on PJ and tackled him to the floor. He proceeded to wail on his eldest son with all his might, seemingly not caring about the possibility of seriously injuring PJ.
PJs attempts to fight back were futile as our father was considerably larger and stronger than him. Mother rushed to PJs rescue, throwing herself between him and Phillip, Sr. It suddenly became clear that Phillip, Sr. had no intentions of halting his assault, even as my mother prepared to use her body to shield PJ from the imminent blows. 
As his tightly balled fist headed for my mothers unguarded flesh, I decided that I had seen enough. In that moment, what little respect I still had for that man dissipated, and I could no longer stand idly by, watching him hurt the ones that I loved.
I crossed the room in an instant and firmly gripped the hand that he had dared to raise against them. The rage that I had fought so desperately to bury had returned. I gladly welcomed its presence as it flowed through my veins and drove out all sense of compassion.
The dark side of me returned, as I once again became the inspiration of fear. The same brand of terror that I saw upon the faces of Bryan and Jimmy had now found its way to my father. 
I felt not a single ounce of remorse as I glared into his eyes and prepared to rip his right arm off and beat him to death with it. He was shouting something at me, but I couldnt hear a thing over the sound of my own heartbeat ringing in my ears.
A twist of his wrist brought him to his knees. As he fell, my mother stood. She was shouting, no doubt pleading with me to release the pitiful excuse of a man. I never understood her devotion to him. Her once promising future was all but decimated by the very man that she was pleading to save.
As my mother and I locked gazes, I couldn't hear her words over the sound of my own heartbeat, but her eyes spoke ever so clearly. I silently pled with her to allow me to end him but she was not to be persuaded. I could see within her eyes that she loved him more than anything. More than PJ or memore than life itself.
I wanted him dead, but she could not live without him, and I could not live without her. I finally released him and turned my back on them all. Mother pleaded with me to stay as I exited the front door without a word.
Outside, I pulled the straps of my backpack tight and zoomed away into the darkness. I glanced at the running watch strapped to my left wrist as I galloped away. I was only thirty seconds into my run, and I had already reached 85 miles per hour.
As I stormed deeper in the night, the edges of my own darkness began to fade.




















15. FROZEN SKY II


IT STARTED WITH A THUNDEROUS EXPLOSION. MY EYES grew wide with fear as the searing tide of conflagration rose and spread rapidly in all directions, threatening to consume us. Blistering tendrils of flame anxiously clutched for my feet as I ascended into the night sky just outside the reach of the infernal blaze.
She was safe now. Monicas once tense grasp was now relaxed as we cut through the icy air and ascended into the ebony heavens above. The dream had returned. As I carried her through the frozen, midnight sky, I once more hoped that love would find its place upon her face. I was once again disappointed as the apex of my ascension revealed the face of a person that knew not the meaning of love. Her eyes burned with a passionate revulsion as she beckoned for me to let her go. But what had I done to deserve such discontent? What would drive the love of my life to cast away her only hope of salvation in order to rid herself of me?
There were mountains of questions without as much as a crumb of an answer. Perhaps it was time for me to give in to fate. There was no use fighting that which I could not control. I took a deep breath as I prepared to let go of her for the last time. Time seemed to stand still as I finally released her. We both floated in the air for what seemed to be an eternity before she finally began her decent.






16. WHAT ARE WE


NO! I SHOUTED AS I AWAKENED FROM MY NIGHTMARE in a frenzy. Jason was instantly upon me, pleading with me to remain calm.
Its just a dream, Adam! Adam, snap out of it! Jason shouted as he slapped me hard across the face. I barely felt the blow, but it was enough to free me from my delirium. Jason stared strangely at me as I tried to catch my breath.
I stood and gazed around the room, trying to remember where I was. The room was dark, but when I noticed the large screen that Monica and I had watched the Travis concert on, I realized that I must have been back at 3D. I slowly started to remember running to the Third Dimension after the skirmish with my father.
What are you doing here, Jason? I asked.
I was working on an expansion room and came in here to get some supplies. What are you doing here? Its two oclock in the morning.
I just needed some air, I lied as I diverted my eyes from his gaze. Something about the way that he was looking at me let me know that he didnt believe me. I pretended not to notice, but as I looked away, I saw what appeared to be military grade body armor and combat gear lying on the couch behind us. Looks like Im not the only one whos hiding something, I thought.
Anything you want to talk about? Jason asked, his voice dripping with concern.
No. Im fine.
Well, you dont seem fine. Whats going on with you, buddy? You havent been yourself lately.
I said Im fine. Why do you care anyway? I demanded as I turned my back to him. He was right. I was acting differently. I was changing too suddenly and I didnt know why or how to control it.
Adam, Im your Ace, bro. You know you can tell me anything, right?
You dont have to worry about me, Ace. Ill be fine. Ill see you later, I said flatly as I left the Third Dimension. Jason didnt deserve the cold shoulder that I was giving him, but I wasnt feeling very sociable at that moment. I wanted to speed off into the night once more, but I didnt know if he was watching or following me.

IT TOOK ME ABOUT THIRTY MINUTES TO WALK TO MONICAS house. It was a quiet night and there were no lights on in any of the suburban houses in Monicas neighborhood. I looked at my watch and scratched my head as I stood across the street, deciding whether or not to stop by. 
Finally, I took a deep breath and crossed the street. I stopped just as I reached the front lawn because I realized that I didnt know which room was her room, and I wasnt exactly prepared to walk up and ring the doorbell at 2:42 in the morning. 
Better luck next time, I thought as I prepared to leave. Just as I was about to make my exit, a light was switched on in the front room of Monicas home. I was frozen in place as I considered peeking through the window.
What if its one of her parents? I thought. What if a neighbor sees me? Sure, I had topped 85 miles per hour on foot earlier that night, but I was starving at the moment. I doubted if I could have even hit 40 miles per hour with what I had left in the tank. The thought of only being able to run 40 miles per hour made me chuckle a bit. 
I convinced myself that even at forty miles per hour I would be able to escape if I needed to. I took a deep breath and made my way over to the window of the lit room.
My palms were sweating profusely as I raised my hands to the window. I placed my face against the glass and peered inside just in time to see a female switch off the lights and head toward the stairs. I couldnt tell if this was Dr. Kate or Monica due to the absence of light as well as their striking similarities. My heart pounded as I contemplated knocking on the window. What if its Dr. Kate? I thought. But what if its not?! My conscious fired back. 
Screw it, I thought as I raised my hand and lightly tapped on the window just as she started to climb the stairs. As the shadowy figure paused, my heart skipped a beat and I considered dashing away.
My heart thumped harder as the individual whipped around and faced the window. Her face was still shrouded in shadow, but something told me that this was Dr. Kate. Run! My mind screamed at my legs, but my legs wouldnt listen.
Im not sure why I closed my eyes. A natural reaction to fear, I suppose. I stood there for a moment with my eyes clinched shut until I heard her muffled laughter. My face grew warm as I opened my eyes and saw Monica snickering at me through the glass. Relief and embarrassment washed over me all at once. She smiled warmly and motioned for me to move to the south side of the house.

HER ROOM WAS EXACTLY HOW I IMAGINED IT WOULD BE. The warm color scheme of her wallpaper and the covers on her large, comfortable bed blended perfectly with her warm personality. The room was so neat and clutter-free that Im sure I could have searched for hours without finding a single speck of dust. 
Has anyone ever spent any time in this room? I asked, smiling.
Of course. This is my room. Monica grinned.
This cant be your room. Its too clean. Its like a museum in here!
Monica laughed and placed her index finger over her mouth, indicating that I was talking too loudly.
Sorry. I can get a little carried away at times, I admitted. 
Tell me about it, she grinned.
Youre one to talk, Mrs. O.C.D.
What makes you think Im O.C.D.? she asked, smiling even wider.
I scanned her room for a few seconds and then looked directly into her golden eyes.
I will bet you $3.67 that the books on that shelf are in complete alphabetical order, I said pointing at the bookshelf to the left of her bed.
She bit her bottom lip in a failed effort to keep from smiling. We both burst into laughter, then pressed our hands against our mouths to drown the sound. As we continued to struggle to suppress our laughter, I realized that I was as happy as I had ever been in my life. There was something about her that lifted my spirits beyond measure. I knew that she would never believe it, but most of the way I felt about her had nothing to do with the fact that she is drop dead gorgeous. Of course, I didn't mind that part either.
So, Im thinking about trying out for basketball on Monday, I said with a silly grin. I had been thinking about putting my new physical abilities to use on the court but I was really only half serious. I just wanted to see what she thought about the idea.
Really? I had no idea that you played basketball. I love to watch but I couldnt play if my life depended on it.
Maybe you could come and watch me play if I make the team? I asked, bracing myself for rejection.
Sure. Id love to. Let me know how tryouts go.
Will do. Do you want to meet up afterward?
Monica smiled and nodded her head. Sure. Ill meet you in front of the gym.
If her offer to meet in me front of the gym was a gesture to show me that she wasnt ashamed to be seen with me in public, it had definitely worked.
A rustle in the hallway outside of her room startled us both. I stood and quickly scurried over to the window as silently as I could. I cant describe the degree of disappointment that I felt as I realized our rendezvous was about to come to an end. We could both hear footsteps approaching outside her room as I lifted the window and prepared to venture back out into the night.
I climbed out of the window and looked back at Monica who, by the look on her face, was apparently just as disappointed as I was that I had to leave. My palms grew sweaty as she slightly leaned toward me. 
Go for it! I screamed inside my head as we silently gazed into each others eyes. It didnt take long for my body to respond to my brains request. As our faces neared, I closed my eyes and smiled as I felt Monica plant a kiss on my right cheek. It was cute. Not what I was hoping for, but cute nonetheless. 
I turned to dash away but stopped and looked back at her once more. Monica, what are we? I mean, are we a couple now? I just-
A knock on Monicas door silenced me. She quickly whipped around and faced the door. By the time she looked back to reply to my question, I was already 900 meters away dashing back to my house at 35 miles per hour. There was no way I could have known that as she peered into the darkness before her, she uttered the word, Yes.




17. STRANGERS

THE SUSPECT:

MY REAL NAME IS NOT IMPORTANT. YOU MAY CALL ME The Suspect, as I undoubtedly will be branded as such in the coming days.
From this day forth, my deeds shall be my namesake. Grim though it may be, we must destroy this world so that the next shall prosper. 
It is without remorse or hesitation that we undertake this journey to salvation.
We do this without fear or doubt, for we are a great legion of Strangers united in our pursuit of the greater good.
Let it be known that this day marks the birth of our Final Solution.

Onward and upward,

THE SUSPECT

I STARED AT THE LETTER THAT I HAD WRITTEN FOR A MOMENT before folding it and placing it back into my hip pocket. It was perfect. Soon those words would spread across the globe, bringing more willing subjects to my command by the second. All that was left to do was execute the plan.
It had been almost three years since I assumed control of the Legion of Strangers. Before me, The Strangers had been nothing more than a loose knit collective of internet hactivists who lacked vision or purpose. Before me, they were nothing. Through my vision, they came to understand that it takes much more than simply hacking a few popular websites in order to incite real change. 
The next few moments would be the culmination of four months of careful planning and calculation. Dressed in full military grade body armor, my six comrades and I kneeled within the darkness and peered at each other through night vision goggles. The chalk-white expressionless masks they wore upon their faces seemed to almost glow as they contrasted with the all black combat gear they all wore. I couldnt help but wonder how badass the Greek Tragedy mask that I wore on my face looked with my own gear.
It was almost time for us to emerge from the dark storage closet in which we hid. Every hair on my body stood on edge as the thundering applause from the gym floor filled the room. The gathering of 600 plus prospective students and Fox Valley State University employees had no idea what I had in store for them.
In less than one minute we would make our entrance. In less than one hour they would lose count of the death toll. In less than one day we would have vanished without a trace. And in less than one week we would be unstoppable.
The six Strangers that accompanied me cradled their assault rifles as they patiently awaited my signal. 
Inside the gym, the clueless occupants had no idea why the shutters to all the windows slowly started to retract. They must have thought the flickering lights were nothing more than a technical glitch. When the lights went out completely and the entire gym was engulfed in blackness, they literally could not have seen what came next.
The first pipe bomb that I hurled into the crowd hit a guy in the face and fell to the floor. I quietly laughed, as I watched the idiot kneel and pick up the crude device.
As he pulled the bomb closer to his face, I flipped up my night vision goggles so as not to miss the imminent beauty of the explosion in the darkness. I was not disappointed as a brilliant fireball erupted from within the blackness, lighting up the entire gym. Before the blast dissipated and plunged the gym back into darkness, I locked eyes with a confused female student standing less than five feet away from us. The fear in her eyes was ineffable. I thought she would scream, but she simply stood there frozen in terror.
I stood aside and motioned towards the exit behind us. She darted past me, no doubt thankful for what she thought was my compassion. The spray of automatic gunfire that I unleashed upon her back just as she reached the exit brought her to her knees. She quivered with fear as I approached her and withdrew the .50 caliber handgun holstered on my right hip. Pipe bombs deployed by my Strangers drowned out the sound of the final gunshot that put her down.
The hysterical crowd stormed away from the ensuing explosions and rushed toward the main exits. The realization that the main exits were chained and therefore, inaccessible, forced them to turn and rush toward the back exits where we stood waiting with our assault rifles thrust before us.
There were only seven of us, and six hundred of them, but we packed more than enough bullets to go around. We were gods among men as our bullets sank into their flesh and extinguished the lives that none of them rightfully deserved. Despite their overwhelming numbers and influence, they were powerless to stop us. 
Their bodies fell to the floor at the same rate as our bullet casings.
It was beautiful.
I stopped shooting for a moment to revel in the magnificence of my greatest masterpiece.


18. AFTERMATH

ADAM:

I STAYED AT HOME AND TOOK IT EASY FOR THE REST OF the weekend. The house was a lot calmer with PJ away on his visit to the Fox Valley State University. He would be graduating from high school soon and college was naturally the next step for him. His grades were not the best, but he had recently posted near perfect scores on the SAT and ACT. He never really seemed that interested in college, but I suppose he knew that college was the only way that he could make it out of the crappy life that we had. 
I figured he must have been having a blast because, by the time I left for school on Monday, he still had not yet returned. 
The idea of him going off to college and leaving me alone with our family brought on a sense of dread as I got off the school bus and headed toward the cafeteria. He and I had grown apart as we got older, but I still loved him. It was still nice having him around. It was hard not to feel depressed as I thought about living at home with just my mother and my pitiful excuse of a father.
Howie and Jason were already seated and conversing as I approached our table at breakfast. They both stopped talking as soon as they noticed me. This seemed odd to me but I didnt mention it.
Morning guys, I said. I didnt look Jason in the eyes. I was hoping that he wasnt upset about how I treated him at 3D on Friday.
Good morning, Adam. Are you feeling any better? Jason asked. I was glad that he seemed sincerely concerned instead of upset. I could always count on him when I needed him. Thats why Howie and I called him Ace.
Yeah, Im fine. Look, Im sorry about the other night, bro. I was having a rough couple of days and I didnt mean to take it out on you. 
Its cool, brother. We all have our bad days, Jason responded.
Yeah, but we dont all take them out on our friends, I replied, still feeling guilty.
Its not a big deal, Reaper. Trust me, I would let you know if it was, he said reassuringly.
Thank you, I said. So what were you guys talking about just now?
Jason and Howie exchanged peculiar glances. 
Whats going on, Howie? I asked as I narrowed my eyes at him.
Have you heard the news about Fox Valley State? he asked.
No I havent. My brother visited Fox Valley State this weekend, but I havent heard anything about it being on the news. He must be having a blast, too, because he still hasnt come home.
Are you serious?! Howie asked, almost shouting. His eyes were suddenly wide with fear as he waited for me to reply.
Yeah, Im serious. Why? What happened at Fox Valley State? I demanded as I tried to slow my heart rate. I could tell by the looks on their faces that something was horribly wrong. They sat in silence and looked at each other as if debating over whether or not they should tell me.
Dammit, tell me what happened! I shouted, slamming my fists onto the table. I was too distracted to notice the stares of the students at the surrounding tables or the cracks that my fists had left in our table.
Adam, Fox Valley State was attacked Saturday afternoon- Howie started.
What do you mean, attacked? I interrupted.
There was an event for prospective students held in the Fox Valley State gym on Saturday. A group of domestic terrorists called The Strangers placed chains on the main exits and threw explosives into the crowd. As the surviving students stormed toward the only exits left unchained, The Strangers were waiting for them with assault rifles.
I could barely breathe. My heart pounded in my chest so violently that I could hear it echoing inside of my head. PJ was at that college on Saturday and now he was missing. I couldnt help but expect the worst.
How many? I demanded.
Howie stared at me for a moment without responding. I could tell that he was bothered by the look in my eyes. I could feel the adrenaline pouring into my system as I contemplated the fate of my brother. If PJ was dead, I was going to find out who was responsible and make them pay.
The numbers arent final, but the death toll was over 200 as of this morning. A lot of the bodies are in pieces, some of them are missing all together, Howie said.
What do you mean, missing? I asked.
Some of the students are missing but they cant find the bodies. The police think the gunmen either kidnapped some of the students or killed them in the gym and dumped their bodies elsewhere. In all honesty, the latter is the more likely of the two.
I suddenly stood and stormed out of the cafeteria. Howie glanced oddly at Jason before hurrying after me.

OUTSIDE, HOWIE SCURRIED AFTER ME AS FAST AS HE COULD. Adam, wait! Howie shouted. Adam!
I ignored him and continued onward. He finally  caught up to me and placed his hand on my shoulder. I could have kept walking and dragged him along for the ride, but I knew that he didnt deserve that. No matter how furious and terrified I was at the time, I couldnt do that to my best friend.
What do you want, Howie? I asked as I stopped and faced him.
Beads of sweat trickled down his forehead as he tried desperately to catch his breath.
Where are you going, Adam? he asked between gasps.
Fox Valley State, I said flatly.
Adam, thats not a good idea. The gunmen are long gone. Fox Valley State is a dead end. Youll just be putting yourself within the scope of the investigation.
If they killed him-
We dont know if hes dead, Adam. We have to let this thing play out, at least until we have more information.
Thats easy for you to say! Youre not the one whose brother is possibly in pieces right now! I shouted.
I know this is hard, Adam, but you have to listen to me! We have to wait until we have more concrete information. If you rush into this thing blindly, you not only stand to jeopardize your secret, but you could also be putting yourself into real danger. PJ may not be my brother, but you are. And Ill do anything I can to keep you safe.
We both fell silent. As much as I hated to admit it, Howie was right.
I want to know whos responsible for this, I said finally.
Theyre called The Strangers. Ive heard of them before. They appear to be led by a guy whos calling himself The Suspect. Ill get you all the information I have on them later today. If they killed your brother, I promise you that I will do everything I can to help you take them down, he said as he handed me his backpack full of food. Take this. Youll need it.
There was something about Howies tone that bothered me. His eagerness to help was genuine, but I couldnt help but notice that there also seemed to be a hint of excitement in his voice. As I made my way to class, something about the entire ordeal was bothering me, but I couldnt quite put my finger on it. 


























19. VICTORIA


THE ONLY THING I COULD THINK ABOUT DURING CLASS was my brother. Wondering if he was alive or dead had consumed my thoughts, making it impossible to concentrate on anything else. I probably wouldnt have made it through the day were it not for Monicas presence in the desk in front of me. 
She could tell that something was bothering me. I didnt want to burden her with my problems, so I remained mum on my thoughts. 
Basketball tryouts came and went without me. Something about the game just seemed stupid to me as I contemplated the possible death of my older brother. I still waited for Monica to show up at the front of the gym, as I had not filled her in on my decision not to tryout. 
As tryouts ended, I sat on the front steps of the gym and watched the prospective players hop into their vehicles and speed away. I got jealous for a moment because I didn't have a car of my own, but the thought of me outrunning their cars on foot brought a smile to my face. It was the first time that I had smiled all day.
Looks like you can smile after all, a lovely female voice said from behind me. My smile suddenly grew wider against my will. I stood and turned to face Monica, who stood at the entrance of the gym.
How did you sneak up on me? I asked.
I came in through the side entrance. So how did it go? she asked excitedly.
I didnt try out, I said as I dropped my head.
Is everything okay? she asked as she sat beside me on the front steps of the gym.
Yeah, everythings fine. I just changed my mind, I lied.
I could tell by her expression that she wasnt buying my cheap excuse but I was glad that she didnt push.
I know what can turn that frown upside down, she said with a huge grin.
And what might that be?
Its a surprise, she replied.
What kind of surprise? I asked, feeling my gloomy mood begin to dissipate as Monica worked her magic on me.
Id like to show you my secret hangout spot, too. Have you ever been up to the roof of the gym?
No, I havent. Are we allowed on the roof? I asked.
Technically no, but I sort of know the principal that runs this joint. Im pretty sure I could talk my way out of it if we got caught.
We both laughed at her joke as we stood and made our way inside the gym. I was thankful to have her near. She didnt know it, but by simply gracing me with her lovely presence, she was helping me cope with the idea of possibly losing my brother. In just under five minutes, she had managed to make me smile more times than I had smiled the entire day. 

THE VIEW FROM THE ROOF WAS MAGNIFICENT. OUR TINY town was mostly flat, so we could see almost the entire city from atop the four-story building. A few miles west of the gym, the sun was setting over the vast waters of Lake Victoria, our towns crown jewel. The stunning view of the evening sunrays glinting brightly in the still blue water made me wish I had a camera to capture the image. 
She took my hand and led me over to the edge of the roof where we sat, allowing our legs to hang over the side of the building.
This is my favorite place in this entire city, Monica said softly, staring off into the distance as she spoke. Her orange and yellow blouse matched perfectly with the vivid colors of the dusk that surrounded us as the sun sank lower into the horizon.
How did you discover this? I asked.
I come here during gym sometimes. It's my least favorite class, so coming here helps me pass the time.
That's funny, I said, smiling. My friend, Howie, and I usually hide out in the weight room!
Its good to see you smiling, she said, her amber eyes adorned by the golden reflection of the vanishing sun. 
I sighed and slumped my shoulders as I realized that I owed her an explanation. I felt even guiltier for keeping her in the dark because she wasnt pushing.
Im worried about my brother. Thats why Ive been sort of out of it all day. He was away at that college that got attacked this weekend and, as of this morning, he still hasn't come home.
Oh my God, Adam! Have you heard anything since this morning? she asked as she placed her hand on my back and gently rubbed it.
No. I havent heard anything. Im trying to hope for the best, you know? I keep hoping that hes just displaced or something.
Is there anything I can do?
I sighed. Theres not much anyone can do right now. I just have to wait and hope he turns up.
She nodded and placed her head on my shoulder and stared into the horizon again, reveling in the splendor of the last few moments of the sunset.
Its so beautiful, she whispered. You know, when I first came up here I imagined myself leaping from this roof and landing into Lake Victoria.
I studied the lake. It does seem kind of close from up here. All youd need is about a three-mile vertical leap and youd be good to go.
Hey, if it gets me out of gym class its worth a shot, three-mile vertical or not, she grinned.
We stood as the sun was seconds away from setting completely. I instinctively leaned in for a kiss as she turned to me. 
This is it! I said to myself as I tried to restrain my overwhelming impulse to smile. I didnt want to look like an idiot with a gigantic grin plastered across my face. I wanted to look cool; as cool as I felt as I placed my hands on her waist and gently pulled her closer. I closed my eyes as I felt the tender press of our lips coming together for the first time.
I shouldnt have closed my eyes. If they were open, I would have noticed her lose her balance when she raised her right foot upward just as we kissed. The split second that I needed to secure her before she fell over the edge of the building had come and gone by the time I heard her blood-curling scream.
My eyes shot open as a rush of adrenaline burst into my veins, invigorating my senses and seemingly slowing down time around me. Without thinking, I dove after her and grabbed her outstretched hand as she fell. I quickly reached back with my right hand and grabbed the ledge of the roof, stopping us both from falling. The ledge almost gave in under the weight of my body.
Ive got you! I shouted as she continued to scream. I knew her screams were of no use. It was 7:30 pm which meant the school campus was completely deserted. There was no one else who could help. I was the only one who could save her.
No, dont look down! I shouted. But it was too late. Her body went limp as she fainted from the sight of the ground nearly fifty feet beneath us. Though she was now completely limp, her body was still as light as a feather to me. The only thing that troubled me was that the weight of my 700-pound body was threatening to break off the portion of the ledge that I was holding onto. If that happened, I didnt know if I could save her. I would probably survive the fall but she would almost certainly die if she hit the pavement from that high up. I took a deep breath as my sweaty palms caused my grip to fail. I knew what I had to do.
This is might hurt! I shouted, not sure if that was meant for her or me as I flung her into the air just as the ledge crumpled beneath my fingers and broke off. She landed hard on the rooftop as I plummeted toward the ground below.
The sun had set completely and the campus was deserted, so luckily no one was around to witness me crash into the pavement like a meteorite. Every bit of air rushed from my lungs, leaving me heaving and gasping for it to return.
The stars had already begun to speckle the black sky above. I concentrated on the beauty of the night sky in order to slow my heart rate and regain control of my breathing. The stars were magnificent. As I watched them glimmer against the ebony sky above like diamonds resting on a deep, black cloth, my wind slowly came back to me.
After a few minutes, I finally summoned the strength to pull myself to my feet. No broken bones from what I could tell. My heart skipped a beat as I realized that I needed to get back to the roof before Monica regained consciousness, otherwise she would know that I had survived a fall the likes of which no normal human could have. Things were going so well between us, and the last thing I wanted was to mess that up by having her find out that I was an inhuman freak.
The entrances to the gym were locked from the outside by that time; therefore, I figured the only way that I could get back to the roof was to jump. My heart rate quickened as I contemplated the magnitude of the jump. I had never attempted to leap that high before, but I knew I had to try.
I took a deep breath and galloped toward the gym. I wanted to make sure I made the jump in one try so I put everything that I had into it. That was a huge mistake.
As I rose higher and higher into the air, I realized that I had put way too much on the jump. My trajectory was perfect but my altitude was off by about sixty feet. The view of our city from the air was almost as magnificent as the sunset that we had witnessed from the rooftop. 
My appreciation of the view was short lived as the cool night air enveloped me and I began to descend toward the roof of the gym. I could see Monicas motionless body lying near the northwest corner of the roof as I plunged downward. I closed my eyes as I crashed into the southwest corner of the roof and threatened to cave it in.
In an instant, I was on my feet rushing to Monicas aide. I cradled her head in my arms as I checked to make sure that she was still breathing. She had not yet regained consciousness but, thankfully, she was still alive. I stood and held her in my arms as I surveyed the damage that I had caused. All I wanted was to be normal but how could I when I couldnt even hang out with the girl of my dreams without nearly killing her and practically caving in the roof of a building?
If I couldnt exercise enough caution to not destroy the roof of a four-story building how could I possibly believe that I could exist around Monica without inadvertently hurting her someday? What if she had died because of me? What if I had thrown her too hard when I hurled her onto the roof of the building? I was operating from pure instinct and had not considered how easily she could have broken her neck when I had tossed her unconscious body.
I stood and held her in my arms as I stared into the night sky and contemplated our future. Was I prepared to accept a life without her? Could a life without the love of my life even be considered a life to begin with?
My recurring nightmare came to mind as I cradled my unconscious beauty. Is this how it happens? I wondered. Does she hate me after I cripple her due to my freakish strength or is she crushed by my weight one night as I lie on top of her?
No matter how much I wanted to spare her the heartache that I saw on her face within my nightmare, I realized that I couldn't simply walk away from her. Perhaps it was selfish of me, but as I gazed upon her face that night, I realized that I couldn't live without her even if I ran the risk of having that nightmare become reality. I decided that after that night, I would go back to eating regular human-sized portions of food in order to curtail my strength. I was prepared to starve myself if it meant the two of us could be together. 
I held her tightly in my arms as I dropped to the ground and zoomed away to carry her home.











20. FATHER FIGURE


IT WAS JUST BEFORE EIGHT OCLOCK BY THE TIME I ARRIVED at Monicas house. She finally came to just as I reached her front lawn. She had plenty of questions but I didnt have many answers. I lied and told her that I caught her just before she fell over the edge of the roof. I could see the skepticism in her eyes, but luckily she didnt remember much of what happened because she must have hit her head when I threw her back onto the roof.
She was still somewhat disoriented but she was healthy enough to convince her parents that she was fine once I walked her inside.
Mr. Stripling insisted on giving me a ride home. My heart sank as he revealed that his SUV was in a body shop for repairs. As we approached his replacement rental car, a two-door compact sedan that looked more like a baseball cap than a vehicle, I suggested we take Dr. Kate's car instead. Her sedan was twice the size of the rental car so I felt that it would be better suited to handle my weight.
Mr. Stripling laughed off my suggestion and keyed his way into the car. Once inside, he reached over and unlocked the passenger door. As I took my seat, I couldnt help but laugh at the cars manual locks and roll-up windows.
I didnt think they still made cars with roll-up windows, I said.
Hey, its all the insurance company would pay for, Mr. Stripling replied. Its not quite as powerful as my truck but it gets me from point-A to point-B just fine.
I sank back into my seat and tried to relax as Mr. Stripling started the car and pulled out of the drive way.
She seems to be running kind of funny, he mentioned under his breath.
What do you mean? I asked hoping that he didnt realize that my weight was affecting the cars performance.
Its nothing. The car just seems to be lagging and pulling to the right a bit. I guess one of the hamsters in the engine must be taking the night off, he said, laughing at his own joke.
I released a silent sigh of relief as I assured myself that he didnt realize that I was the reason the car was lagging. 
Every time I was around Mr. Stripling, I couldnt help but wish I had a father like him. He never really said much but I could tell he didnt mind having me around. It honestly felt like he cared more about me than my own father did. 
So, you and Monica have been hanging out quite a bit lately, huh? Mr. Stripling suddenly asked.
Yes, Sir. Were in a lot of the same classes together. I couldnt think of anything else to say. Even though I liked Mr. Stripling, I still got somewhat nervous whenever we had a conversation. This was especially true when the subject at hand was his daughter. Are youare you okay with us hanging out so much? I finally asked.
I studied Mr. Striplings face as he focused on the road and considered the question.
I suppose, he replied while rubbing his chin. You seem to be a lot more respectable than most of her other boyfriends.
Boyfriend? I said before I could catch myself.
Puzzled, Mr. Stripling glanced at me.
Yeah, boyfriend. Why do you sound so surprised?
Did she tell you I was her boyfriend? I asked. 
Yeah, she did. He laughed. Seems like youre the last one to find out.
I asked but she never gave me an answer.
Was that the other night when you were sneaking around outside the house? Mr. Stripling asked with a huge grin.
Crap, I thought. You knew?
Of course I did, son. I worked in intelligence with the military for years. Youve got to get up pretty early in the morning to pull one over on me. We both momentarily glanced at each other and laughed. 
As we looked back at the road, we must have noticed it at the same time. Mr. Stripling slammed on the breaks at the same time that my body stiffened as I noticed the large deer bounding into our path. Adrenaline flooded my veins, making the entire incident seem to happen in slow motion. 
The tires squealed as the deer slammed hard against the front of the car. Its momentum carried it into the windshield where it smashed through the glass as the car spun widely out of control.
Through it all, Mr. Stripling never panicked. Even as it became evident that he no longer had control of the vehicle, his expression remained calm. Still alive, the deers legs flailed violently, striking Mr. Stripling and me as the car continued to spin. 
As the car approached a large tree that stood before us, I considered ripping off our seatbelts, grabbing Mr. Stripping, and leaping to safety. It was the only way that I could have saved him. There was no way to do it without doing something miraculous. However, doing something miraculous meant exposing the very secret that I had just vowed to bury forever. Mr. Stripling was ex-military intelligence. There was no way that he would simply take my in-human abilities in stride.
The irony of my life had reached an all-time high. On one hand, I could save the father of the love of my life and risk becoming a government experiment and never seeing her again, or I could let him die and still have her. 
I quickly grabbed our seatbelts and yanked them completely out of the seats. Mr. Stripling was a smart man. I have no doubt that he knew that it takes over 1000 pounds of force to snap a single seat belt and he had just witnessed me snap two seat belts at the same time in order to save his life. As our gazes met, I didnt notice a single speck of gratitude in his eyes. There was only fear. Through it all, he had not shown an ounce of emotion. Even as we spiraled toward the tree that would no doubt end his life, Mr. Stripling remained absolutely calm. Only in the true face of my freakish nature did he show his fear. Was I really that much more frightening than certain death? That grizzled Army veteran sure seemed to think so. If he was afraid of me, what would the rest of the world think? What would Monica think?
Im still not exactly sure why I froze on that day, but since then I have never been able to shake the image of the fear in his eyes as we collided with the tree.
















21. REAPER REBORN


I REFUSED MEDICAL TREATMENT ONCE THE PARAMEDICS arrived. I didnt need it. I was perfectly fine, but Mr. Stripling was pronounced dead on arrival. I had no idea what I was going to say to Monica when I saw her. Not only did my weight cause the car to spin out of control, but I could have saved her father and I didnt. The fact that my secret was safe because of that decision made me feel all the more guilty for allowing him to die. Was that why I froze? To protect my secret? Did I really freeze at all, or was I just telling myself that to make me feel like less of a murderer? I drilled the question through my mind as I walked down the empty dirt road and headed home. 
I should have gone to see her, but I couldnt. I couldnt face her knowing what I knew. It felt like she would take one look at me and instantly know I had something to do with his death.
The walk home took me about 45 minutes, though I could have easily run home in less than ten. I intentionally took my time because I thought it would help me clear my head, but the hopelessness that I felt as I trudged down that lonesome road was enough to almost drive me insane.
My mother was standing at the front door as I approached our house. The look on her face said it all. I could tell that PJ had been confirmed dead before she even gave me the news.
An officer stopped by earlier to notify us, she said through sobs. His body was one of the ones that they took, but they found his backpack still in the gym covered in his blood.
She was still talking as we embraced, but I was no longer listening. Two of the most important people in my life had been taken away from me and I felt responsible for both of them. If only I had been there to protect PJ. Maybe I could have done something. Maybe I could have saved him. 
I fought desperately to hold back the tears that welled in the corners of my eyes as I thought of my older brother. We had grown far apart as teenagers but I still loved him tremendously. He was all I had before I met Howie and Jason. For the majority of my life, he had been my only friend. 
The half smile on my fathers face made me want to rush over and tear his ribs out one by one. I knew I couldnt stay the night. If I didnt leave that place quickly, there was no doubt that I would end his life. I abruptly stormed past my mother and headed for the stairs. Phillip, Sr. approached me as I neared him, probably looking to offer his phony condolences.
Hey, kid- he started.
Just as he placed his hand on my shoulder, I shoved him hard in the chest. He slammed into the wall across the living room and fell to the floor as I stormed up the stairs.
In my room, I grabbed my backpack, threw on a black hooded sweatshirt, and stormed out.
I wasnt sure where I was going. I just knew I had to get away. I couldnt go to Monicas after having killed her father, and I didnt feel like talking to Howie or Jason. I pulled a black handkerchief from my backpack and tied it around my face, covering my nose and mouth. I took one last look back in order to make sure that no once was watching me and then zoomed away into the blackness before me.

RUNNING HAD BECOME THEREPUTIC FOR ME. THE FASTER I ran, the better I usually felt. I said usually, because this time it wasnt working. I was up to ninety-three miles per hour and I still felt as bad as I did before I started. I continued to pick up speed as the tragedy of my day continued to weigh upon me. 
Several hours later, I was still running. My runners watch fluctuated between 114 and 119 miles per hour as I galloped through the night. I had no idea where I was until I zoomed past a sign labeled: Welcome to Albany, GA.
I finally slowed down as I approached the city limits. Maintaining that speed for such a long time had nearly drained me of all my energy. I wasnt tired at all because, according to Howie, my muscles didnt produce lactic acid, but I was starving. I had no money, but did have a bad attitude and two fists that could smash through concrete.
I noticed a small corner store that was closed for the night a few blocks away. Despite our poverty, I had never turned to stealing food in order to eat, but in light of the worst day of my life, I was no longer concerned with moral code. I could see the security camera blinking on the inside of the store as I approached. Luckily I still had the black bandana tied around my face. 
I pulled the hood of my hooded sweatshirt over my head and I wrapped my fingers around the security bars on the front door. The cold steel was putty in my hands as I twisted the bars and ripped them from the door. A straight punch shattered the glass door triggering the security alarm. In a few seconds, I was inside the building stuffing as many energy bars into my backpack as possible. I grabbed a few sports drinks and was about to dash away when I noticed a ski mask with a bright white human skull printed on the front. It was cool. Cool and badass, just like I felt at the time. Police sirens wailed in the distance as I pulled the ski mask over my head and galloped away.
I was miles away slipping into an alley beside a 24-hour pharmacy by the time the police arrived at the store. I pulled up my skull-faced ski mask and ripped open five energy bars, eating them all within thirty seconds. As I guzzled my sports drink, I noticed a figure dressed in all-black stealthily creep up to an SUV in the parking lot of the 24-hour pharmacy.
What do we have here? I wondered as he started to fidget with the drivers side door of the vehicle. It took me a few moments to realize that the man was breaking into the SUV. Having just committed a burglary of my own across town, I felt no need to intervene. 
After a few more moments, the man finally unlocked the front driver door of the SUV and quickly disabled the alarm. I found it odd when he closed the front door and slid into the back seat instead of driving away in the vehicle. Why is he getting into the back seat? I wondered as I sat down and continued to consume my stolen goods.
I was ripping open another energy bar when I heard footsteps. In the distance I could see a female approaching. I stood and sank deeper into the shadows as I watched her. She withdrew a set of keys from her purse and pressed a button on her key remote. A sense of dread washed over me as the lights to the SUV that I had just witnessed the man in black break into flickered.
My throat grew dry as the woman reached the front driver door. Do something! I screamed inside my head. You dont know if shes really in trouble! My skeptical side fired back. 
I took a small step forward as she hopped into the vehicle and fastened her seat belt. Shes fine. Shell notice him any second now and run, I told myself, but who was I kidding? He had the drop on her. By the time she noticed him it would be far too late. I knew it was only a matter of time.
I saw the silhouette of the man spring up from the backseat just as the woman checked her rearview mirror. I could barely hear the muffled scream.
My heart rate tripled as a glimmer of metal appeared within the ensuing struggle. I wasnt sure if it was a gun or a knife but it didnt matter. He had picked the wrong night. I was okay with him breaking in and stealing a few things that could probably be easily replaced, but there was no way I would let him hurt her. There was nothing I hated more than watching a guy harm a lady. Growing up, I had witnessed my mother suffer physically at the hands of my father almost every day, but back then I didnt have the power to stop it. Without thinking, I pulled the skull-faced ski mask over my face and rocketed toward the SUV. 
I was upon the vehicle in a matter of seconds. The rear driver door felt like cardboard as I ripped it from the SUVs frame and tossed it aside. The assailants eyes were wide with fright as I yanked him from inside the vehicle.
Free from her attackers grasp, the woman unleashed a shrill scream that filled the night air. Her assailant also attempted to scream but he couldnt because my grip was a fraction away from crushing his wind pipe. Onlookers poured out of the store as the woman scrambled out of the SUV and continued to scream and point as I held the man in mid-air with one hand. 
The onlookers snapped pictures as the man drew back his left hand and prepared to plunge his six-inch knife into my neck. 
I dont know why I didnt try to stop him from stabbing me. Perhaps I considered it a way out. I had atoned for letting Monicas father die by saving the lady, so maybe I thought that ending it all would be a fitting conclusion to my tumultuous train wreck of a life. I held my breath as the man thrust the knife toward my neck. 
The loud snap that the blade made as it broke in two yanked me back to reality. It wasnt painless. It hurt like hell but it didnt even break my skin. I should have known that would happen considering my extremely dense physiology. Not only were my bones and muscles abnormally dense, but my skin was apparently as tough as Kevlar. 
Police sirens wailed in the distance as my fingers dug into the muggers neck threatening to snap it. The surrounding crowd cheered and continued to film as I flung the man into the pharmacy. I threw him with such force that he shattered the colossal glass door and landed several feet inside of the store.
Who are you?! one man shouted at me from within the crowd.
Are you a superhero?! another bystander yelled.
They continued to pelt me with questions as I peered at them through the skull-faced ski mask. I didnt know what to say. My head was spinning and the sirens were closing in by the second.
You saved that woman. Dude, youre a hero, man! Youre a superhero, man! Tell us who you are!
I dont know what came over me but I looked directly at a guy as he recorded me on his cell phone.
Im The Reaper, I barked in a gruff voice that I had never used before that night. The crowd erupted into greater hysteria as I leapt 40 feet into the air and landed across the street. I was speeding away at over 120 miles per hour before they could even attempt to follow me. 






22. ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM


THERE WAS A BURNING SORENESS IN EVERY MUSCLE in my body the next morning. Running over 100 miles per hour was getting easier for me but my body was still adjusting to the new limits that I was pushing it to. My heart rate soared as I recalled the invigorating sensations that I had felt the night before as I rocketed through the streets with the police in hot pursuit of me. The adrenaline high that I got from their pursuit allowed me to push my speed beyond 150 miles per hour. They didnt stand a chance at catching me. 
As I reminisced on the events of the previous night, it bothered me how much I enjoyed the danger that I had subjected myself to. Simply running had not been enough to ease the pain that festered in my heart, but the danger and the resulting adrenaline overload was more than enough. It was like a drug something that I needed in order to feed the insatiable hunger that only got stronger as I dove deeper into the insidious web of turmoil that had ensnared me. What scared me the most was that even though the sirens had long stopped and adrenaline no longer flowed, it was all I could think about.
As I lay there, a wave of paranoia suddenly washed over me, brought on by the realization that I couldnt remember having come home last night. The last thing I remembered was blazing through the streets trying to reach 200 miles per hour. After that, my recollection was extremely cloudy. I knew something had happened but I couldnt remember what. 
How did I get back? I thought. Why couldnt I remember coming home, and most importantly, what had I done during the time frame that I couldnt remember? What if I had killed someone?
I took a deep breath and tried to slow my heart rate. My adrenaline had started to flow again and the last thing I needed was to leap through the ceiling while attempting to walk down the stairs. The police and probably the feds had to be searching high and low for me, so I needed to keep as low a profile as possible. 
Once my heart rate normalized I finally sat up in my bed but I couldnt shake the feeling that the jig was up. 
What was I thinking? I grumbled as I stood and grabbed a T-Shirt and a pair of jeans from the pile of clean clothes haphazardly thrown on top of my lone dresser. A rush of panic consumed me as I noticed in the mirror that I was still wearing the mask. Had any of my family seen me? I thought as I ripped the mask from my head and stuffed it into my backpack. For all I knew, the FBI could have been just down the stairs waiting for me. I rushed to my window and peered outside. I was relieved to see that the dirt road outside our house was empty. The coast was clearat least for the moment it was.
Downstairs, my mothers eyes were glued to the TV as a news report about my night played over and over again. I was relieved that my face was not shown on screen. I sighed as I realized my identity was still safe.
Having heard my sigh, my mother whipped around and glared at me. She was instantly on her feet and crossing the room before I could make my exit. For a moment, we stood in awkward silence as the news report continued in the background. She looked tired. Her weary eyes were reddened, letting me know that she had recently been crying. 
What time did you get home last night? she finally demanded.
I dont remember, I replied, secretly relieved that she must not have seen me arrive wearing the mask. 
How can you not remember? she asked, her eyes narrowed with doubt.
I just dont. Whats the big deal? Im almost 17 and youve never said anything before! 
The room fell silent again. I could tell that she was deciding if she should push the issue or not. I wondered if the elephant in the room would finally be addressed. She had always warned me of my condition but never bothered to divulge the origin of my problem. I was getting more irritated by the second as she stood there staring at me like I was some freak show as opposed to her son.
Ive got to go to school, you know? Is there anything else you want to say to me? I said, letting my anger resonate in my voice and facial expression. Just tell me what I want to know! I screamed inside my head. But I knew that she wouldnt. She always avoided it. I had asked her countless times to tell me why I am the way I am but she would always deflect with some clichd nonsense about God working in mysterious ways.
Im just worried about you, Adam, she said softly. 
I turned and I headed for the exit. Well you shouldnt worry about me. Im virtually indestructible, but you probably already knew that.
She stood in silence as I exited the room.







23. BIG BROTHER


HOWIES FACE LIT UP LIKE A CHRISTMAS TREE THE MOMENT he saw me exit the school bus.
Someone must have watched the news this morning, I thought to myself as I approached him.
Dude, that was awesome! Howie shouted as soon as I was within earshot.
My paranoia instantly kicked in.
Shhh! I said harshly as I peered over my shoulder, nervous that someone might have taken notice of his behavior.
Take it easy, Adam. Theres no way anyone knows what Im talking about, Howie replied.
I just dont want to take any chances, I whispered.
Understood. Lets talk behind the cafeteria, Howie said as we made our way around the building. 
So what prompted this? Why did you do it, Adam? Howie asked once we were in the back of the building. 
It was sort of an accident. I was just out for a run and I noticed a guy trying to mug this lady. I guess I just did what I had to do, you know?
You did the right thing.
I dont know. I shouldnt have meddled. What gives me the right?
Adam, youre a hero! That man probably would have killed that woman if you hadn't intervened. You saved her life, man!
It was reckless. And now people know about me!
No they dont. People know about The Reaper. Your true identity wasnt compromised. Its brilliant, Adam! That mask, the name, it all fits together so perfectly!"
Howie, my last name is Reaper! Someone will find out!
I am sure that youre not the only one with that last name and there is no way that anyone will make that connection out of thin air, Adam. This is destiny, brother. Dont you see it? This is what you were meant to do!
Absolutely not! It was a mistake! A mistake that wont happen again, I said in a harsh whisper.
You cannot continue to hide from what you are, Adam. You think that mask just happened to be there? You think you just happened to be able to do what you can do? This isnt a coincidence! This is fate! You need to stop running from it and face what you are.
Im a freak! And Ive already come to terms with that! I growled. 
No, youre a hero! he shot back. And theres nothing you can say to convince me otherwise. Because of you, that lady was able to go home and kiss her kids goodnight. Because of you, she now has a chance, Adam. You should be happy about this. Youve been given an opportunity to make a real difference.
Happy? Why should I be happy?! I roared. You think saving some random lady that I really care nothing about is supposed to make me happy? Im still poor! My father still beats the crap out of my mother every time he gets a chance, and she still refuses to leave him despite the fact that hes nothing more than a lowlife degenerate! And you know what else, Howie?! My brother is still dead! Did saving her bring my brother back, Howie? If I save enough of them, do I get him back, too? I spat the last word at him. He looked away, unable to bear the sight of the tears that welled in the corners of my eyes against my will.
Im sorry, Adam. I didnt know, he said. Youve changed, you know? I can see it in your eyes. Youre not just out for vengeance; youre out for blood. When we catch up to The Suspect, and we will catch up to himIll keep my promise and help you take your vengeance, but I wont stand by and watch you go to prison for the rest of your life. Youre right. The Reaper cant save your brother, but he can save you. Taking down The Strangers using alter egos presents a situation where we can still have regular lives when this is over. Use The Reaper to go farther than you can possibly go as Adam. And when its over, when The Suspect is dead and Strangers are reduced to nothing, we can go back to our regular lives.
Though I didnt want to admit it, he was absolutely right. That was Howies M.O., always thinking two to three steps ahead always right. I didnt say anything else. I simply nodded and stared into the distance, still thinking about the death of my brother.
Ill see you at 3D this afternoon. Weve got work to do, Howie said.
I nodded and walked away. A few minutes later, as I reached for the glass door of the main building, I noticed in the doors reflection a man wearing black sunglass and a black suit seemingly watching me through the window of an adjacent building. 
My face grew hot as adrenaline flooded my veins. The wind picked up as I turned to face the man. To my surprise, there was no one there. 
As I made my way to class, I couldnt help but wonder if the man had vanished before I turned around or if he was ever there at all.






24. POWER

THE SUSPECT:

PHASE TWO WAS UNDERWAY. MY SECOND PUBLIC APPERANCE as The Suspect was about to begin and I could not have been more anxious to see my plan unfold.
I stood silently amongst nine of my Strangers inside the poorly lit boys locker room of the Irvington High School Gymnasium. I had decided to bring the big guns for this operation. They were my officers, the enforcers that I could count on to keep the peace within my organization and effectively control any situation in the field. 
Alpha was a seven-foot tall 400-pound mountain of muscle whose presence alone struck fear in the hearts of my adversaries. Charlie was the loose cannon of the bunch. I wasnt a huge fan of the red paint that he applied to the Greek Comedy mask that he chose to wear instead of the standard issue Stranger mask, or the black cowboy hat that he wore with his all-black Stranger combat gear. His ability to nail any target with that gigantic six-shooter on his hip, however, made him an exceptionally valuable asset. 
Then there was Tango, my right hand man. At only 57 he was one of the shortest in the bunch, but he was also by far the deadliest. His only weapons, besides the lethal hands that lay at the ends of his python sized arms, were the two tactical ninja swords held within the sheath strapped to his shirtless back. When The Righteous placed him under my command, I tried to convince him to wear the standard issue Stranger mask, but like Charlie, he preferred to maintain a bit of his individuality. Instead of the emotionless white mask worn by most of my operatives, Tango wore a decorative half-face Venetian masquerade mask that only covered the upper right side of his face.
Our guests silently stared at us in fear as we stood guard over them. Some of them wept as they gazed into the dead eyes of our masks and contemplated the fate that we had in store for them. 
It was pathetic. They knew what brought them to this point. They had to know that whatever fate I had in store for them was a fate of their own choosing.
The applause was my signal. The hysterical cheering inside the gym filled the air as the hundreds of Irvington High students that filled the bleachers stood in anticipation of the arrival of our guests. 
As I alone emerged from the locker room, their cheers slowly died. I didnt bring my rifle because I did not wish to cause panic before I had my chance to address the crowd. A confused hush befell the gym as I walked toward the podium set up in the center of the basketball court. Some of them knew the Greek Tragedy mask that I wore upon my face, but even they remained silent as they prayed that my presence was nothing more than a cruel prank.
A tall, somewhat thin man with deep blue eyes backed away from the podium as I approached. The students in the bleachers began to clamor as I took the microphone.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. My thanks for the warm welcome, I said, my voice electronically distorted by a device implanted within my mask. The crowd fell completely silent as they watched me.
I looked to the slender man that had just relinquished the podium to me. Before I begin, I would like to thank Matthew Conrad for the excellent work that he has done as the PA announcer for all these years. Please give him a nice round of applause for the dedication that he has shown to your Irvington High Broncos!
The mans stare became icy as the crowd applauded him. After a few moments, he stared at the floor as I continued.
Ladies and gentlemen, I have come to you today in an effort to convey to you the true nature of power. The crowd had fallen silent again as I paused to add a bit of dramatic effect.
As the home of the ten time state champion Broncos, you all know a little something about power, dont you?
Cheering ensued as the student bodys school pride took hold of my words. I waited until their applause died down before I continued.
The dictionary says that 'power' is a great or marked ability to act or do and it is because of my understanding of this concept that I now stand before you. Today, we come to take power in circumstances of the greatest conceivable pressure, the pressure of knowing that by not doing so, everything would be lost. Today, we show why if placed in the wrong hands, the unimpeded ability to act or do could lead to the destruction of everything that we hold dear.
Hushed chatter filled the room as the picture of a young male cheerleader appeared on the large monitor behind me.
Let us take a moment to remember the tragic passing of Brian. He was one of your own. A fellow Bronco A fellow Bronco driven to suicide by the very players that he cheered from the sidelines!
I glared at the crowd through the hollowed eyes of my mask as their chatter increased.
I would ask that you all remain seated for the next portion of our demonstration. 
A scream from the crowd rang out as the Irvington High School Boys basketball team emerged from the locker room. The principal and five other faculty members emerged as well, followed closely by The Strangers who held them all at gun point. Tangos dreadlocked ponytail swayed with each step as he moved to the front of the pack and led them all to the stage in the center of the court. As our guests took the stage, the crowds clamoring grew to an uproar. 
Youll notice that your attempts to dial 911 or any other number for that matter are being disrupted. It would be wise to remain seated and quiet lest I trigger the explosives that are planted beneath your bleachers! I screamed into the microphone as I withdrew a small handheld detonator from my hip pocket. The terrified crowd yielded to my demands and peered at us through frightened wide eyes.
Fear not children for you are merely witnesses of the justice that we mean to exact upon the wicked that stand before you, I said as I dropped to the floor and thrust my index finger at the basketball team and the school officials who now lined the stage.
Behold, children, as I now present to youPower!
I glared at each of the players as I spoke.
The power to defeat those who would dare oppose their athletic might. The power to win not only games but championships! The power to defeat and trample everything and everyone in their pathseven an innocent male cheerleader who wanted nothing more in life than acceptance!
I glanced at Brians photo on the display, then glared back at the trembling basketball team.
The power to relentlessly torment. The power to torture! The power to punish!
I stared angrily into the eyes of the principal whose attempt to hide his fear was failing.
And the power to stand aside and do absolutely nothing and allow Brian Conrad to feel so helpless that the only viable solution in his mind to ending the pain was to end it all! You are all responsible for his death! I bellowed.
I shot a glance over at the basketball team. You for the torment that you put him through.
I then glanced angrily at each of the faculty members before me. And you for doing nothing about it. You all had the power to save this boys life, yet you willingly chose to end it. You have chosen to abuse your power and therefore that power must be taken!
The building was dead silent as I retook the stage. I stood toe to toe with the principal. He was much taller than me but my tactical gear and my badass Tragedy mask made me look much more intimidating.
With the authority bestowed upon me, by The Righteous, I hereby relieve you of your power and transfer it to this man.
Matthew Conrad took the stage and stood beside me. The principals eyes gaped with fear as he stared at the cold eyes of Matthew.
Take aim, Strangers, I ordered. They all trained their assault weapons on the basketball players and faculty members.
Matthew Conrad, as Brians father, it is you who should ultimately decide the fate of these individuals. As of this moment, their lives are in your hands just as your sons life was in theirs. We will leave this place at once if you deem them worthy of forgiveness, but if you wish them to befall the same fate as your beloved Brian, you need but give the order.
Matt, think about this! This isnt what Brian would have wanted! shouted the principal as sweat drenched his forehead. Matthews cold blue eyes seemed to somehow become more frigid as the principal begged for his life. He maintained eye contact with the principal in silence as we all watched.
Do it, he finally said with absolutely no emotion in his voice.
25. OR DIE TRYING

ADAM:

THE REST OF THE DAY SEEMED TO CREEP BY. WITHOUT Monica occupying the seat in front of me, classes just seemed purposeless. I expected her not to show due to the death of her father, but walking into class and seeing her empty seat still stung. I didnt plan to visit her while she was out of school. I told myself that I was giving her the space that she needed as she coped with the loss of her father, but deep down I knew that I was really afraid that she would take one look and me and know that I was responsible for his death.
I did my best to tune out the chatter about my alter ego, The Reaper. There were those that thought it was all a big hoax. Those who thought it was real didnt know what to make of him. Some called him a hero while others considered him dangerous.
I couldnt help but laugh when I heard that talk show hosts were on the air lobbying for The Reaper to stop by for interviews. For a moment, I was somewhat intrigued by the commercial potential of my new alter ego, but I buried the idea as quickly as I thought of it.

HOWIE AND JASON WERE ALREADY AT 3D WHEN I ARRIVED. As I entered, I noticed that they had installed a great deal of new equipment, most of which I knew nothing about.
I could tell by the look on Jasons face that Howie had told him my secret. Howie didnt look at me as my eyes burned daggers in him.
You said you wouldnt tell anyone, I growled.
Jason stepped forward. Its not a big deal, Adam.
It is a big deal! You couldnt possibly imagine how big a deal this is! I shouted.
Buddy, Im on your side! Im not saying I know what its like to be you, but I know what its like to be different.
I glared at Howie again.
Who else knows? Who else did you tell?!
Howie remained silent.
Jason firmly straightened his posture and stood directly in front of me.
Adam, that guy right there would do anything for you. So will I! The only reason he told me a thing is because he knows that if you plan on succeeding in taking down The Strangers, youll need me. And he knows without the shadow of a doubt that I am the one person he could tell that wouldnt run straight to the police. Were all in this together, Adam. Regardless of what you look like or what you can do, youre never going to be accepted by 100 percent of people in this world, but you can be damn sure that you will always be accepted by 100 percent of the people in this room.
Jason always knew the right things to say. Howie breathed a sigh of relief as the tension in the room dissipated.
Jason and I exchanged a firm handshake. As we looked into each others eyes, I pulled him in for a hug. It was in that moment that I realized just how great my friends truly were. I never realized just how much I could count on them until I saw how they each dealt with my secret. I thought for sure that anyone who found out about what I could do would run for the hills. Not only were these two accepting of my abnormal nature, but they were also willing to join me in the trenches despite the fact that they werent nearly as durable as I was.
The Reaper, huh? Jason said with a smile as we walked over to the conference table. I like it.
You dont think its kind of cheesy? I asked as I took a seat at the table.
Are you kidding me? Its totally badass. Not quite as badass as this though, Jason said as he reached under the table and quickly tossed something over to me.
My hands instinctively shot out and caught the item. I stared down at a sleek full-face gas mask. The image of a white skull was painted over the metallic black surface of the mask. Jason was right. It was the most badass thing I had ever seen.
I figured you could use an upgrade from the ski mask. Jason grinned. Look, he continued as he pulled out a second mask, Ive got one too.
His mask was similar to mine except his had an Ace of Spades design painted across the right side and it only had one filter at bottom center instead of two on each side like my mask.
So whats your name? I asked as I marveled at his mask.
Thats easy. Im Ace, Jason exclaimed before pointing to Howie, who was now seated at the end of the conference table. And oh yeah, thats Echo, 
Reaper, Ace, and Echo, huh? So I suppose were a crime fighting team now? I asked jokingly.
I prefer Ace, Reaper, and Echo. And yes, we are a team, Jason replied.
Am I supposed to be okay with being last in each billing? And why am I the only one without a cool mask?! Howie grinned.
You want a mask? Cool, Ill trade you my mask for all of this sweet equipment that you have at your disposal, Jason replied.
Never mind, Howie said, grinning as he eyed his new toys.
We all burst into laughter. That moment felt good. I had been through so much turmoil over the past few days that I had almost forgotten the refreshing feeling of an innocent moment of laughter among friends.
So, whats our name? I finally asked as the laughter died down.
Were the O.D.T., Howie said with a huge grin on his face. Something told me he that came up with the name.
O.D.T.? What does that mean? I asked.
Officially, it stands for Operational Defense Team, but it also means Or Die Trying, because thats exactly how far Jason and I are willing to go in order to make sure The Suspect pays for what happened to your brother, Howie said firmly.
The mention of PJ stung but I held myself together and silently nodded my head. 
Are you ready for the suits? Jason asked excitedly.
No way! I exclaimed, excited to see what he had in store.
In less than twenty minutes we were in our full gear. I was so excited that I wanted to take pictures. My all black body armor and extra long hooded overcoat worked perfectly with the Reaper theme.
Jasons sleek black body armor was similar to mine but his was noticeably lighter. The extra long head band that he wore with his combat gear plus the sword sheathed on his hip made him look like the SWAT team version of a ninja. The contrast of his sleek jet-black body armor worked well with the white Ace of Spades painted on his mask. I couldnt help but wish I had my own katana when he unsheathed the one on his side. All three of us marveled at the beautifully crafted blade as he held it before him. It was so shiny that an almost otherworldly glow seemed to emanate from it.
Most impressive, Howie exclaimed as he replaced his regular glasses with a pair of high-tech smart glasses and checked himself out in a nearby mirror. His outfit was comprised of basic body armor and a waist-length, black jacket. I shuttered at the thought of Howie having to fend for himself and hoped that if he ever actually needed his body armor I would be somewhere nearby.
Im guessing were getting all dressed up for a reason. Whats up your sleeve, Echo? I said as I looked at Howie. My mask made my voice sound much deeper and somewhat distorted. 
Howie smiled and took a seat at the main computer near the conference table. It was a colossal mountain of a machine with a display the size of my bedroom.
As Jason and I watched, Howie logged in and opened several files in a matter of seconds. A seemingly abandoned warehouse in the middle of an old farm appeared on the display.
That place looks familiar, Jason said, his voice electronically distorted by his mask. 
It should. Its only thirty minutes away from here, Howie replied as he continued to type and focus on one of the peripheral screens attached to the main display. He dropped a line graph from the smaller screen into the larger screen and spun around to face us.
What youre looking at, gentlemen, is what I believe is one of many outposts operated by The Strangers. I found out through an encrypted, online chat room that this may be one of theirs but I wasnt sure if that was usable info because, as you can see, the structure clearly appears to be abandoned. So, I did some digging and came up with this. Howie gestured toward the chart onscreen. This is a graph of the amount of electricity used by this site over the past year. As you can see, for the first four months of the year there was almost no activity, but over the past seven months, their power usage has increased by over 800 percent. It may still look abandoned, but something is going on there. My guess is that most of their activities take place underground.
How can we use this? Jason asked.
Its not exactly the lead I was hoping for but for now its our only connection to The Strangers. We need to get in and get some surveillance equipment planted.
Surveillance? I thought we were supposed to be taking them down, I grumbled.
We will take them down but we have to do it the right way. The Strangers have been around for years, but before now, their most serious crimes were identity theft and credit card fraud. In order to defeat them, well need to take down The Suspect. Hes not only their leader but hes the reason they went militant. The only way that were going to find him is by tracking their movements and communications. As of this moment, they have no idea that we are after them. That gives us a significant advantage, but if we barge in there with no real plan, we lose that advantage.
Fine, I mumbled. I still wanted to take a more direct approach but I knew Howie was probably right. If The Suspect was their leader, then he was the one that I blamed for the death of my brother. If we had to play it quietly for a bit in order to smoke him out, then I was prepared to do so. At the end of the day I was willing to do whatever it took as long as it ended with my hands around his neck.
The Strangers have been busy. Earlier today they executed the entire Irvington High School Boys basketball team, Howie said.
Irvington High? Wheres that? I asked.
Its a private school located in central Florida, approximately four hours from here.
Anything new on the congressmans daughter? Jason asked. Howie spun back toward the computer and began typing again at 1000 words per minute.
Whats going on with the congressmans daughter? I asked. I didnt watch much TV and I didnt own a cell phone or any other device that would have allowed me to follow the news online.
The picture of a young, blonde, teenage girl appeared on the main screen as Howie typed. Finally, he faced us again. I could tell that he was enjoying himself but it didnt bother me as much now because I knew that the work he was doing was leading me closer to The Suspect. 
April Larson, the 17 year old daughter of prominent Florida senator Chuck Larson, went missing shortly after the attack at Irvington High. Survivors of the first Stranger attack at Fox Valley State University reported seeing The Strangers take a few of the dead bodys with them as they fled the scene. Whats interesting about Aprils case is that the police are calling it a kidnapping. Theyre saying that they have proof that shes still alive.
Im sorry, but Im having trouble understanding why this is important, I said, not bothering to mask my frustration.
Well, I certainly dont think its a coincidence that she disappeared on the same day that her school was attacked by The Strangers- Howie started.
So, thats our real mission, is it? Youre gonna have us wasting time, trying to save some girl? I grumbled.
Taking down The Strangers and eliminating The Suspect is and will always be our primary mission, but if we find any information on the girl in the process, I dont think we should ignore it. Chuck Larson is a very big deal, Reaper. If we can find his daughter, Im willing to bet that The Suspect is somewhere nearby.
I had to remind myself that Howie was a million times smarter than me and I should probably just trust his judgment instead of wasting time by making him explain the logic behind every tactical decision he made. 
Alright then. Lets do this, I suggested. I was getting tired of standing around. I needed to feed the craving for danger and excitement that was still lingering within me.
Ill take my bike. Youll be okay on foot, Reaper? Jason asked.
Yeah, Ill be fine, I said with a wink. Of course he couldnt see the wink or my smile beneath my mask. As Jason and I prepared to leave, I popped the collar of my black trench coat and checked myself out in the mirror one last time. The Reaper, I thought as I marveled at how intimidating my outfit looked. After years of being called the Grim Weeper at school, it felt like I had finally reclaimed my name. How could I have ever doubted Howie? I thought. 
This truly was fate. As I tightened the black gloves on my hands, I wondered why I had ever thought otherwise. I was The Reaper and this was my destiny. As far as I was concerned, The Strangers were all dead men and I would be the Reaper that emerged in the end to collect their wretched souls. 
Outside, Jason hopped onto a sweet jet-black sports motorcycle and revved the engine.
Race ya! he said as he looked back at me.
As long as youre okay with second place! I quipped.
Jason revved the engine again as Howie approached him carrying a black backpack.
You got my stuff? he asked Howie.
Its in the pack, Howie said as he handed Jason a black backpack. Jason strapped on the pack and placed both hands on the bike handles.
Theres a miniature aerial drone that I designed in there as well. Make sure you deploy it before advancing onto the compound, Howie said.
Its go time, Boys. Good luck out there, Howie said while pressing a button on the side of his high-tech glasses, allowing Jason and I to hear his words inside of our masks. He and I locked gazes as he revved the engine of his bike. We both struck out simultaneously, leaving a smiling Howie in our dust. 
The suit fit me perfectly. I was worried that it would restrict my movements once I started to run but to my surprise, I was able to move quite well in it. My long black trench coat fluttered in the wind behind me like a cape as Jason and I zoomed toward the unknown dangers that lay before us.




















26. STEALTH


WE LEFT JASONS BIKE A HALF MILE AWAY FROM THE FARM and approached the site on foot. Howie watched our approach on the main screen at 3D through a high definition video feed from the aerial drone that quietly buzzed around, fifty feet above us. 
Hows it looking, Echo? Jason asked as the seemly abandoned farm came into view twenty meters ahead of our current position. It was pitch black out, and there were no streetlights in this part of the nearly deserted rural town in which the outpost lay. Our masks were equipped with night vision so we easily navigated our way through the abandoned farm as we headed toward the main building.
It looks like I was correct about the underground rooms. The good news is there arent many people inside. I only noticed four human sized heat signatures when I scanned the building with the drones thermal imaging lens. This is probably a communications outpost so I dont expect a great deal of security.
10-4, Echo. Ill take point. Reaper, you get my six, I heard Jason say through my earpiece.
You lost the race! How do you get to take point? I whispered.
Hes right, Reaper. This is a stealth mission, remember? Howie said.
10-4, I mumbled, begrudgingly. 
Echo, any activity above ground in the building? Jason asked.
Negative, Ace. All four heat signatures are below the first level.
10-4. Lets move, Reaper. 
As we stealthily moved forward, I was kind of pissed, partially because Howie agreed that I shouldnt take point and also because of the way that Jason was carrying himself. It was as though he considered himself to be our leader or something just because he paid for our suits and equipment. 
His cat-like strides covered a surprising amount of ground as he glided across the distance that separated us from the warehouse. I followed closely with my head on a swivel looking for any surprises.
We paused after moving to the rear of the building. My heart was thumping so loudly that I thought Jason could hear it.
Reaper, is everything alright? he asked.
Im fine. Im just trying to slow my heart rate. Its beating so fast that it might give away our position!
We both chuckled for a bit before Howie interrupted. Eyes on the prize, boys.
10-4, Jason and I said in unison.
Jason gently tugged the handle of the rear door. 
Locked. Ill tag it with graffiti and you rip it open, Reaper. Well make it look like a random gang broke in.
Within a matter of seconds, we were inside the dilapidated building making our way through a damp musty room.
Whatve we got, Echo? Jason asked.
All clear. No movement downstairs. After you deploy the bugs and the hidden cameras I need you to make a sweep of the room. Ill let you know when I see anything of interest, Howie said.
Jason stealthily worked his way around the room, planting bugs and miniature hidden cameras as I stood guard in the shadows near the entrance.
Back at 3D, Howie studied the footage that streamed from the cameras fitted onto the fronts of our masks.
Hold your position, Ace, Howie suddenly said. 
Back in the outpost, Jason stopped in his tracks.
Is everything okay? I asked, ready to lash out at any danger that dared to show itself.
All clear, Reaper. Ace, I need you to bug that equipment in front of you.
What is that? I asked as I stared at the strange machinery that lay near Jason.
Its a device that allows them to communicate electronically while simultaneously staying off the conventional grid. Bugging this will allow us to monitor all incoming and outgoing transmissions for this station.
Gotcha, I said, still not completely understanding the significance of the machine.
Hows the party downstairs? Jason asked.
Still quiet. Open the control panel and Ill walk you through the rest, Howie replied.
With Echo talking him through the installation Ace had the bugs planted in a matter of minutes. We were just about to make our exit when the sounds of dirt bikes approaching startled us.
Crap, weve got incoming, guys! Howie shouted.
How many? I demanded clinching my fists as my heart rate increased.
Two small vehicles. Im picking up three heat signatures. That makes it seven on two if you guys are discovered.
I like those odds! I said darkly.
This is a re-con mission, Reaper! Remember the plan! Try to find somewhere to hide. The desperation in Howies voice let me know that he somehow knew how wound up I was.
My heart thumped wildly in my chest as Ace quickly darted across the room and stowed away in a supply closet. I was frozen in my tracks as I heard voices and footsteps approached the building.
Ace to Echo, Ive found cover. Reaper is still visible.
Stand down, Reaper! This is not an offensive! Youll jeopardize everything if you take them on now! Howies voice rang in my earpiece.
I knew he was right, but the adrenaline that coursed through my veins compelled me to fight. What good was all my strength if I wasted it skulking in the shadows?
The shadows of the three figures nearing the building were cast across the entrance as they approached the door. Jason watched as I braced myself and clenched my teeth in anticipation of an impending battle.
Reaper, snap out of it! he hissed. The sound of his harsh whisper in my earpiece brought me out of my trance in just enough time for me to zip over to the space next to the entrance. 
As I pressed my body against the wall, the three dark figures entered the building without noticing me. The swinging door hid me from their view as they proceeded forward without bothering to look behind. Their black combat gear and expressionless white masks made it evident that they were Strangers. As they strolled across the room, I fought hard to suppress the urge to charge them. 
I could snap their necks before they even knew what hit them, the darker side of me thought. But I could also risk ruining my chances of getting Suspect if one of them managed to escape, the more rational side of me fired back. Not yet, I repeated to myself as I watched the three figures disappear into the level below.
Minutes later, Jason and I were zooming away into the darkness in silence.
Jason finally broke the silence as he revved the engine of his bike. What were you thinking? he barked.
I wasnt thinking. Just drop it, alright? We did the job didnt we?
Yeah, but you almost compromised the mission! 
I knew he was right but he was still pissing me off.
Its the adrenaline. You dont know what its like, man. At times, I feel like I cant control it. I just cant sit still when it starts flowing. Its like I have to punch through a brick wall just to get some sense of equilibrium, I grumbled.
It sounds like someone needs to blow off some serious steam, Howie offered.
What did you have in mind, Echo? I asked, intrigued by Howies tone.
If action is what you wanted, all you had to do was ask, Reaper! Howie said jokingly. I can access pretty much all police communications from 3D. If you guys are up for it, I say we dish out some good old fashioned vigilante justice.
Hell yeah! Jason and I chimed in unison. 
Good. Keep heading south for about thirty minutes. I know just the place. I couldnt see Howies face but I was pretty sure that he was smiling as he said that.
















27. REAL POWER


JASON AND I STOOD AMONGST THE WOULD-BE GANG RAPISTS with no fear. We had been working our way from town to town, taking down whatever scum Howie could find for us. We had been at it for nearly three hours by the time we found ourselves on the worst side of town in Knightsville, Florida. The woman that we had just saved from the savage pack of thugs watched in fear as the eight gang members tightened their circle around us. Her brain screamed at her to run, but she was so terrified that her legs wouldn't comply.
We were out gunned and outnumbered, but beneath our masks, Jason and I were both smiling. My adrenaline overdose had invigorated my senses and made me crave the danger that lay before us. It was exactly what Jason and I both wanted exactly what I needed.
Our backs touched as the thugs tightened their circle even more. They all had guns but didnt bother to draw them, no doubt fooled by the false sense of security presented by their seemingly overwhelming four to one ratio.
I kept my eyes on the guns as the first thug dove for Jason. I whipped around as I felt Jason quickly shift away from the thugs outstretched hand, leaving him open for the devastating clothesline that I delivered to his chest.
He hit the ground with a solid thud as the other thugs simultaneously rushed us. To my surprise, most of them went for Jason but not one of them could lay a finger on him as he gracefully worked his way through the crowd of assailants dishing out a fierce flurry of polished yet brutal punches and kicks. 
For a moment, I found myself watching in awe as Jason evaded every wild punch thrown at him and returned fire with an endless barrage of effortless, yet devastating, counterattacks. It was poetry in motion. The guy that I was fighting at the time must have hit me square in the face about five times before I came back to my senses. I didnt feel any his attacks but they were getting sort of annoying. I finally caught his fist and hoisted him into the air by his neck just as one of the thugs darted away.
Hey, Ace! Catch! I shouted as I tossed the thug that I was holding toward Jason. 
Jasons roundhouse kick connected with the thugs face as I leapt thirty feet into the air after the thug that was attempting to flee.
The tail of my coat flapped in the cool night air as I soared after the fleeing scum. Two seconds later, he was sprawled on the pavement with my foot on his throat. I was basking in the radiance of my own glory when I saw it.
The glimmer of metal in my peripheral vision sent a tremor down my spine. I quickly kicked the brute at my feet in the head, knocking him unconscious, then turned to face the last sight that I wanted to see.
Most of the thugs were incapacitated, but the last one left standing had a pistol brandished before him with the barrel aimed at Jasons chest. Jason stood completely still less than two meters in front of the armed thug. 
Dont move dammit! Dont move! he shouted as he glared at Jason.
They both were fifteen meters away from me. I could cover that distance in a single bound but I wasnt sure if I could outrun the bullet.
Drop the pistol or lose the hand, Jason ordered. His hands gripped the handle of the sword sheathed at his waist as he glared at the gunman.
Yeah, fat chance, ninja boy! the gunman shouted.
The only person that will die if you pull that trigger is you. I suggest you drop it! I growled.
Not gonna happen, pal. If I pull this trigger when I pull this trigger, your friend here is toast! He kept his eyes on Jason as he shouted at me.
Ill snap your neck before the casing hits the ground! I roared.
Geez, Reaper, could you back off a bit?! Jason yelled.
Back off? For what? I can totally take this guy! I was confused. I wasnt sure if Jason was angry at me for butting in or if he was afraid that my interference would lead to him getting shot.
Yeah, and so can I! Youre stealing my thunder, man. Why cant you just let me handle this?
Handle it?! Im trying to save your life! I fired back.
Are you kidding me? Are you two really arguing over whos gonna take me out like Im not the one with the gun?! the gunman exclaimed as he glared angrily at me. 
You mean that gun? Jason asked firmly.
By the time the thug and I focused our eyes back on Jason, half the thugs right arm was lying on the ground in a pool of his own blood still clutching the pistol. His eyes widened with horror as he raised the bloody stump that remained to his face. Jason's long headband fluttered in the wind as he stood motionless with his blood-splattered sword held before him. He had drawn the sword and severed the guys arm in less time than it took the thug to glance at me. 
Impressive, I thought as I watched the thug fall to the ground. I remember wondering who would win a one-on-one fight if Jason and I were ever pitted against each other. Sure I was stronger but there was no doubting that Jason was deadlier. 
My thoughts were interrupted by the blood-curling scream of the disfigured thug as he came out of shock. Within seconds, Jason was on his bike revving the engine. We both sped away as police sirens rang out in the distance.
Minutes later, we were miles away speeding into the darkness and leaving the corruption of Knightsville behind us.
Im sorry I lost my temper back there, bro, Jason said, as I dashed alongside his bike.
A wave of confusion washed over me as I continued to sprint. Until that moment, I thought our argument had been merely a diversion. Did Jason truly think that I was stepping on his toes by coming to his defense against an armed enemy?
Its fine, Ace. No big deal, I replied, nonchalantly. But it was a big deal. In the past, Jason had come to my rescue so many times that I had lost count. For the first time in our lives, the shoe was on the other foot and he had the audacity to feel offended.
If he considered getting help in a fight an insult, why did he help me so many times? Was he insulting me every time he chose to come to my aid? Was I so weak that he just had to step in and save the day? Or perhaps he was so accustomed to that weaker version of me that he felt insulted that I would dare offer my assistance with a situation that he thought he had a handle on.
Sooner or later he was going to have to accept that things had changed. I was the one in the newsreels and viral Internet videos around the globe. I was the one with the real power. He needed to recognize those facts and act accordingly act as a sidekick should.
Maybe Im blowing this out of proportion, I thought as we raced onward. I ultimately decided to drop the issue as long as it didnt happen again. Jason and I maintained radio silence as we both accelerated to over 100 miles per hour.

28. LIQUID COURAGE


OUR LATE NIGHT CRIME FIGHTING HAD DONE THE JOB. I had managed to curtail my blood lust by the time I made it home later that night. It was just before eleven oclock when I walked in the front door but my mother was still awake and sitting at the kitchen holding a bottle of wine. I didnt notice any nearby glasses so I assumed she had been drinking straight from the bottle. Her thin face seemed a bit more hollow than usual as she glanced in my direction.
She didnt say anything, just stared blankly at the space that I was occupying. I walked over to the kitchen sink, which was filled with filthy dishes. I rinsed out a dirty glass and poured myself a glass of water. I wasnt really thirsty but I was compelled to hang around for a bit just until I was sure that she was okay. She could drink very heavily at times and I wanted to make sure she didnt hurt herself as a result.
Whereve you been? she finally asked without turning to look at me.
I was just hanging out with some friends, I replied, not looking at her either.
Youve been doing that a lot lately, she said before taking a swig of the wine.
Its no big deal, Mom. Im just finally starting to make some friends. Thats all.
Is that right? she asked, her voice dripping with sarcasm.
I paused as I considered telling her about Monica.
Yes, thats right. I actually sort of met this girl, too-
The sound of the glass wine bottle shattering brought my sentence to a screeching halt. I quickly faced her and was relieved to see that she was unharmed. The wine bottle that she had been holding, however, was in a million glittering pieces on the floor beside her.
You did what?! she bellowed, her cold eyes glaring at me as though I had just mentioned an atrocity the likes of which she had never heard. You cant! You have to end it, Adam! You have to end it now! she demanded, hysterically.
Whats the big deal, Mom? Im almost 17! Whats wrong with me having a girlfriend?!
Because youre not right, Adam! Who knows what could happen! she replied with a look of disgust on her face.
What are you so afraid of?! What arent you telling me?! I demanded, yelling at her as loudly as I could. She cowered in fear as the rage within me swelled so intensely that I could barely contain it.
It pained me to see her fearful of me. That heartache was the only thing that allowed me to calm myself. How could she be afraid of me? How could she think that I would ever hurt her?
You dont have to be afraid of me, Mom. Im still your son, I said as I placed my hand on her quivering shoulder.
She violently jerked away from me and scrambled to the other side of the table.
Get away from me! You are not my son! You-Youre a monster! she screamed and bolted for the stairs before I could react.
As she reached the foot of the stairs, she looked back at me with an icy glare. Youre the reason hes not coming back! The reason Im all alone. I wish I had never found you!
She stormed up the stairs, leaving me behind wondering what had just happened. I didnt know how to feel. I was far beyond devastated as the mountain of confusion and anguish overwhelmed me and brought me to my knees. How could she say something like that to me? Sure, she had been drinking, but from what I had heard, people often tell the truth when theyre inebriated. If the old adage about liquid courage was true, did that mean that she was serious when she said I wasnt her son? What did she mean when she said she wished she had never found me? Suddenly my confusion matured into anger, my despair into rage. I had to leave and I needed to do it quickly. I knew that if I stayed for another minute I would demolish the entire building. 
In one leap, I covered the entire staircase and rushed to my room to stuff my backpack with a change of clothing. There was nothing left for me in that place. My brother was dead. My deadbeat father had been gone for days and my mother had just disowned me. 
She stood in the hallway as I exited my room. A hint of remorse flickered in her teary eyes as she stood in silence. 
Where are you going? she asked, her voice quivering with guilt.
I trudged past her without a word. Its too late now, I thought as I stormed down the stairs.
Adam! she shouted from the top of the stairs as I threw open the front door and left without closing it. 
By the time that she had made it to the front porch, I had already vanished. She fell to her knees and sobbed as I zoomed away into the night.







29. ALONE


I WAS RELIEVED TO HAVE 3D TO MYSELF FOR THE REST of the night. As I lounged on the large couch where Monica and I had watched the Travis concert, I tried desperately to focus on the action movie playing on the gigantic screen in front of me, but I couldnt shake the questions that clouded my mind. How could she have found me? If I wasnt really her son, whose son was I? Back in the junkyard Howie said he had something he wanted to tell me but he didnt because he didnt want to overwhelm me. I wondered if he knew something about my past that he wasnt saying.
He did seem awfully calm when he discovered everything that I could do. Was this because he already knew? The more I thought about it, the more my paranoia took hold of me. Before long, I started to question whether or not I could truly trust Howie or Jason. Sure, we had formed a team, but what would happen if one of us got caught by the authorities? Could I count on them to protect my secret if they were facing prison time? I was the one taking the real risk. If I ever got caught and the wrong people found out what I could do, I would be looking at something far worse than simply being thrown in prison. 
As I sank deeper into that depressive state, my mind wandered to the only thing that could lift my spirits. I grabbed the nearby phone and thought about dialing Monicas number. I hadnt spoken with her since the night that I saved her after she fell from the roof of the gym. Even though it had only been a couple of days since I last saw her, I could already feel the darkness within threatening to consume me. She was my last line of defense against the monster that I could someday become, but what if she knew? I asked myself as I clutched the phone. What would happen if she knew that I had the power to save her father and didnt?
Then I would truly be alone, I muttered answering my thoughts aloud.
Yet I had to try. I had to do something to counteract the rage that fumed inside of me before I found myself rampaging through another city like the night before. Maybe I wont ask to see her, I thought as I punched in her phone number. Just hearing her voice should be enough to lift my spirits. My hopes were dreadfully dashed as I heard her voice mail greeting. Instantly furious, I abruptly hung up the phone and dialed again. Then again, and again, and again, until I had called her over twenty times. I finally let the phone fall to the floor and sank deeper into the massive couch. I had never felt so alone in my life before that point. As the gravity of my seemingly perpetual despair bore down on me, I buried my face in my arms and drifted off to sleep.












30. FROZEN SKY III


HER EYES BURNED WITH A PASSIONATE REVULSION AS she beckoned for me to let her go. I took a deep breath as I prepared to adhere to her demands. As I released her, we both floated in midair for what seemed to be an eternity before she finally began her decent.
I shuttered as I watched her sink deeper into her impending doom. I had let my despair get the better of me, and in doing so, I had let go of the one thing in this world that I could not live without. 
She was silent and as still as a shadow as she plummeted toward the ground beneath her. Despite the distance that separated us, I could still see the hatred that burned in her eyes as she inched closer to her death.
The moon rose higher in the frozen sky as I too began to sink into the nothingness below.
Soon her body would collide with the earth and mine would shortly follow. Despite my hopes, I knew that I could not follow her in death.












31. TRUTH


THE PHONE RINGING BESIDE ME PULLED ME OUT OF THAT all too familiar dream world. Not yet fully conscious, I stared at the ceiling as the handset continued to ring.
I knew it was probably Jason or Howie, but I didnt feel like talking. The dream had taken its toll on me. Why did I keep having it? Something told me that it was some kind of message. I knew that I had to figure out a way to save her, but what was I supposed to save her from? Was there actual life threatening danger waiting for her around the corner, or was I supposed to save her from myself?
That flaming hatred that I saw within her eyes had to have come from her finding out that I could have saved her father. If I let her know that if I let her know what I could truly do, I was certain that she would hate me forever. Maybe thats what my dream was about. For a moment, I decided that forcing myself to let go of her was the only way that I could save her until I remembered that letting go in the dream always led to her death.
The phone rang again as I continued to stare at the ceiling. Forget it, I thought, before realizing that it could have been Monica that was calling. I threw myself on the floor and frantically scrambled to grab the receiver as it continued to ring. 
Hello? I said as I answered the phone call.
Finally! Monica jokingly replied on the other end of the line.
Im sorry. I was asleep.
Well, Im tired of standing outside, so get your butt up and let me in!
I was rushing to the entrance before she even finished her sentence. She must have seen the plethora of missed calls and drove over while I was asleep. I was nervous about seeing her for the first time since the death of her father, but a part of me was still excited to see her.
She was waiting at the entrance when I opened the door. My palms were sweating profusely from the anxiety that I felt about blowing her phone up. I was relieved that she didnt appear to be angry as she entered and instantly fell into my arms.
Howve you been, stranger? I asked as I stroked her soft hair.
Better. Just taking it one day at a time, she said with her head still buried in my chest. After a moment, she suddenly looked into my eyes. I could tell by the expression on her face that she was worried about something. Im sorry I didnt answer the phone when you called. I was still-
You do not have to apologize to me, Monica. You have nothing to be sorry about.
She was silent as she digested my words. She pressed her head against my chest again and exhaled a sigh of relief.
Thank you, she said softly.
Why are you thanking me? I asked.
For not being mad. I know I havent been there for you to help you deal with the loss of your brother. I thought you were angry at me when you called so many times. I tried to call you back but when you didnt answer I thought that you had moved on.
Monica, listen to me, I said as I placed my hands on her head and gazed into her eyes. There is no moving on. You are all that Ive ever wanted, and I will wait for you until the end of time if I have to.
Her eyes became teary as she processed my words. 
Monica, whats wrong. Did I say something wrong? I asked.
No, she said wiping a tear away, You didnt say anything wrong. 
I was surprised when she abruptly pulled away from my embrace and turned her back to me.
I just feel like I dont deserve to have you in my life, she said struggling to choke back her tears.
What do you mean? I asked, truly baffled by her statement.
Youre always so open and honest about your feelings for me and I havent exactly extended you the same courtesy, she replied with her back still turned.
Monica, I dont understand.
She sobbed as she finally turned and faced me. Slow desolate tears ran from her reddened eyes and streamed down her already wet cheeks.
All youve ever done is care about me more than any other person has ever shown. And the only thing that Ive given you in return is doubt. Its just not fair. Its not fair to you, Adam.
Monica, you have never done wrong by me. I dont understand where this is coming from.
Adam, ever since weve been together Ive second guessed our relationship because I always had this feeling that you were holding something back from me. Thats why I dont deserve you. Youre so open and honest with me and all I do is second guess you.
Monica, youre wrong.
But she wasnt wrong. I was holding back. I was holding back more than she could have possibly imagined.
I placed my hands on her quivering shoulders and looked into her glimmering eyes. Monica, I have been holding back. There is something that Ive kept from you all this time.
I wasnt sure if the expression on her face was sadness or fear. Perhaps a bit of both.
What do you mean? Her voice cracked as she spoke.
We gazed at each other in silence as I contemplated my words.
Monica, the truth isIve been holding back the fact that I am completely and unequivocally in love with you.
Her eyes widened in disbelief as her expression softened.
I have been in love with you since before I even met you. Since the first day that I saw you in Mr. Millers class at the beginning of the school year.
You- you love me? she asked in a hushed whisper.
Of course, I love you! You have no idea of the extent to which you fascinate me. The only reason that Ive held that back from you is because I was afraid that you didnt feel the same way.
It worked. As she fell into my arms, completely uninhibited, I could tell that my confession was enough to convince her that the only thing I was hiding was the true nature of my feelings for her.
Our second kiss was far better than the first. There was no anxiety or life threatening danger to contend with this time. There was only passion. When the two of us came together in that moment, nothing else mattered. I still didnt know the danger that lay before us, but I decided that whatever that peril may be, I would make certain that I was there to save her from it. In my dream, I had made the mistake of letting her go, but I would not repeat that mistake in real life. A cool gust of wind from outside reminded me that the door was still open.
Monica buried her head in my chest as I stared into the silvery darkness beyond our safe haven. I had only told her half of the truth. It was true that I had fallen for her the moment I laid eyes on her, but that was not the only thing that I was hiding.
I love you, too, she finally whispered as we continued our embrace. Hearing those words from the girl of my dreams should have filled me with the utmost joy, but the only thing that I felt was a piercing guilt that grinded away at my soul.



























32. BEHIND THE CURTAIN


THE NEXT THREE WEEKS WERE A BLUR. WE WERE REGULAR high school students by day and vicious vigilante crime fighters by night. Adhering to Howies expert tactical advice allowed Jason and I to stay two steps ahead of the scum that we cleansed the streets of as well as the ungrateful local authorities that wanted us out of their cities. The nighttime crime fighting was fun. It was helping me to control my dormant rage, but as the days became weeks, my desire to take down The Suspect grew stronger. Just as I was starting to get agitated at Howies lack of concrete leads on The Strangers, he dropped a whopper on us.
As we ate lunch in the cafeteria at school, I could tell that something was on his mind.
I think Ive made a breakthrough in The Stranger case, Adam, whispered Howie from across the table. We were always careful not to talk business at school, so I figured Howie must have discovered something big. Jason and I both inched forward as he peered over his shoulder and checked for eavesdroppers before he continued.
Ive been monitoring communications from the outpost we bugged and cross referencing the data with other information that I gathered from online, and I think Ive figured out where theyre holding the girl, he whispered. Jason and I both knew that by the girl he meant Senator Larsons daughter.
What about The Suspect? I asked impatiently. I knew April Larsons disappearance was a big deal, but at the end of the day, nailing the man responsible for the death of my brother was all that I cared about.
Hes still in the wind at this point, but-
Then we have nothing! I whispered harshly.
Not necessarily, Adam, he replied, almost pleading with me to hear him out. This isnt just some run-of-the-mill outpost were talking about. This is one of their main facilities. Ive already devised a plan for the extraction of the girl, but shes not the only target. Theres valuable intelligence in that place, and were not leaving without it.
What makes you think well find anything worth using? I asked.
Its too complicated to explain right now. Youre just going to have to trust me on this one, Adam, Howie replied.
Alright. We shouldnt talk about this here anyway, I said.
Youre right. Lets meet at 3D after school and Ill bring you guys up to speed, Howie said.
We all nodded and quickly finished the rest of our lunch before parting ways.

I WAS THE FIRST TO ARRIVE AT 3D AFTER SCHOOL. INSTEAD of taking the bus, I decided to go for a sprint along my favorite back roads. The roads that I took to and from school were used very little, so I had plenty of opportunities to really cut loose. I had been running a lot and steadily perfecting my running form and balance in order to increase my top speed. Because of this, I could now maintain a speed of around 150 miles per hour even without an adrenaline rush.
Once I arrived at 3D, I grabbed twelve energy bars, flopped onto the couch, and scarfed them down as I awaited the arrival of my comrades. It had only been a month or so since I discovered what I could do, but I had already gained well over 100 pounds of muscle. It only looked like I had gained around twenty pounds to the naked eye due to the extreme density of my muscles. 
The sudden humming of the entrance behind me caught my attention. Finally, I thought to myself as I finished my last energy bar. I was puzzled when the door retracted for only a few seconds then stopped, leaving it only six inches above the floor.
Thats odd, I thought as I pushed myself to my feet.
Jason? I called out, confused as to what was going on with the door.
No one answered.
Howie, is that you? There was still no answer, as I took a cautious step forward and listened.
As I slowly approached the entrance, I clenched my fists as my heartbeat lightly echoed in my head. Something didn't seem right. I eyed my Reaper mask in the far corner of the room near the conference table. I thought about retrieving it for a moment but I decided against it. 
Maybe its Jasons dad, I thought as I forced myself to relax. Technically, he did own the place. I decided that having him witness me bursting through a metal door wearing the mask of one of the most notorious figures in the country wouldnt be a good idea.
Mr. Kilpatrick? I called out.
Silence.
This isnt funny, guys! I shouted as I patiently waited for someone to call off the possible joke.
Two canisters suddenly shot underneath the door and skidded across the floor. As a thick yellowish gas spewed out of the canisters and quickly filled the room, I realized that it wasnt a joke at all. I dove for cover behind the large couch and contemplated my next move. For a moment, time seemed to slow down as my adrenaline flowed, but then something strange happened. As the gas entered my system, my heart rate dropped drastically.
I was suddenly seeing triple as I attempted to stand and make my escape. The door sprang open and in a matter of seconds, I was swarmed by shadowy figures before I had a chance to compose myself. My vision was so blurred that the only detail I could make out was that they were all dressed in black.
How did they find me? I wondered. How did The Strangers find me? Suddenly, my body felt was as heavy as it used to in the beginning. I was drenched in my own sweat as I tried in vain to flee. The figures surrounding me easily avoided my feeble attempts to strike them. As the gas robbed me of my strength, I fell to my knees and felt my body begin to shut down.
So this is how it ends, I thought as my face slammed against the floor. Something troubled me as I slipped out of consciousness. I remember hoping that I remembered it when or if I was ever awakened.

I WASNT SURE HOW MUCH TIME HAD PASSED WHEN I FINALLY came to. When I opened my eyes, I found myself propped against a wall in a large empty room lined with light grey walls. There were no windows and only one large metal exit 25 feet away directly across the room from me. After a few moments, it all started to slowly come back to me.
I squinted and shielded my eyes from the four bright lights shining from the ceiling above. The dazzling white light was adding to what was already the worst headache that I had ever experienced. I was still disoriented but somehow I managed to pull myself to my feet.
Hello? I called out. I wasnt surprised when no one answered. Why are they keeping me alive? I wondered as I searched the room for anything that I could use as a weapon. When I realized the room was completely empty, I walked toward the metal door intent on smashing it to pieces with my bare hands and escaping. 
Halfway across the room my face slammed into a thick, unseen glass barrier that separated the room into halves.
What the hell? I muttered to myself as I stumbled backward. I cautiously approached the barrier once more and placed my hands on the glass in disbelief.
Whatever The Strangers gassed me with didnt leave me with much strength, but I couldnt simply sit around and wait for them to come and finish the job. I could tell that the glass was incredibly thick, but I was compelled to try to break through it anyway. I took a deep breath then turned and took a few steps away from the glass barrier as I prepared to punch it with every ounce of strength that remained within me.
I wouldnt do that if I were you, Adam, said a strange, male voice from behind me.
I instantly spun around to face this mystery person. I expected to see a Stranger operative, but to my surprise, a middle-aged man wearing a black suit and a long overcoat stood alone in the entrance of the now open metal door. 
He was nearly six feet tall and a bit on the chubby side. He was probably in his mid to late 50s judging by his slightly balding head and the lines in the corners of his eyes.
Showing me your face was a big mistake, Stranger, I growled as I drew back my fist. The man suddenly pointed to my left with such conviction that I stopped dead in my tracks.
Not a good idea, sport. You punch that glass and the same gas we dosed you with earlier comes pouring out of that vent.
I couldnt tell if he was bluffing or not, but I didnt want to take the risk. That gas had left me feeling so awful that I didnt know if I could take another dosage and make it out alive.
Youd better kill me quickly, Stranger, because if I ever get out of here, your neck is the first one that Ill break, I snarled.
The metal door automatically slid shut behind him as the man silently strolled forward into the room.
No need for threats, sport. Im one of the good guys, he said, as he stopped two feet away from the glass barrier.
What kind of fool do you take me for? I hissed.
Your hesitance is understandable, but I assure you that I am not a part of the terrorist organization known as The Legion of Strangers. 
And you expect me to believe you? Why? Simply because you said so?
If I was a Stranger, would I have shown you my face? Thats their M.O. right? The masks? he said, as he playfully waved his hand over his face.
He actually had a point. From what I had heard, The Strangers always wore masks to hide their identities. Complete anonymity was one of their defining characteristics.
Why did you imprison me if youre not working with The Strangers? I demanded.
We havent imprisoned you, Adam. After this is over, you will be free to go.
How does he know my name? I silently wondered. Who is this man? What do you mean, after this is over? What do you want from me? I asked.
He cracked a crooked smile as he peered at me through the glass. There was something untrustworthy about his pale grey eyes. Adam, my name is Special Agent Wells. Im with the United States government.
My heart sank as I realized that my greatest fear of becoming a government lab rat was possibly about to come true. 
The government? What does the government want with me? I asked as I forced a sizable lump down my throat.
Agent Wells was now inches away from the glass. From where I stood, he and I were roughly six feet apart. If I wasnt suffering from the side effects of that mysterious gas, I could have smashed through the glass and beat some real answers out of him. At the least, I could have beaten that smug smile off of his face.
Adam, Im going to be as frank with you as possible. We need your help, son. We need your help in order to take down an international terrorist organization.
He had gotten my attention.
Why do you need my help? Youre telling me that the government doesnt have enough fire power to take down The Strangers without the help of a 16-year-old kid? I asked smugly.
Agent Wells chuckled but I didnt see what was so funny.
Two things, sport. Number one: The Strangers are small fish. Number two: we both know that youre no ordinary 16-year-old kid.
The lump in my throat tripled in size as the gravity of the situation set in. It all seemed like such fun when Jason and I were zooming through the night playing superhero, but I was now starting to realize just how serious my circumstances truly were.
I dont know what youre talking about, I choked out.
Sure thing, sport, Wells said with a wink. His arrogant posturing was really pissing me off.
If youre not after The Suspect, then what do you need me for? I asked.
The Suspect is a puppet, Mr. Reaper. Were after the man behind the curtain pulling all the strings. We are after The Righteous.
I was familiar with that name. However, from what I had heard, The Righteous was nothing more than an urban legend. He was the mysterious so-called uber-terrorist that no country in the world had the power to bring down. 
Youre kidding me, right? Youre asking me to help you go after a myth when there is a legitimate maniac on the loose right now?
Listen to me, son, The Righteous is not a myth. He is the second most dangerous thing on the face of this planet.
Second? Then what's the first? I asked,
You are.
We both watched each other in uneasy silence for a moment.
No one has even seen his face! The Righteous may as well be a cartoon character for all I care. The Suspect is real. You see him every day on the internet and on TV giving his little speeches and murdering people, yet you have the audacity to say that he doesnt matter. Do the lives of the people that theyve killed not matter either?! If you want my help, then youd better go after something real. Dont waste my time asking me to chase a person that probably doesnt even exist!
Thats all a part of his grand scheme, son, Wells retorted, his expression suddenly serious. He doesnt want to be the one in the headlines. He doesnt care to take the credit for the big attacks because he doesnt want to become the next big target. Were in the middle of a Shadow Warone that weve been fighting for over three decades. Nearly every terrorist organization and every terrorist attack that has happened in the last thirty years was in some way orchestrated by The Righteous.
If hes so powerful, what makes you think I can stop him? I asked.
Wells raised an eyebrow and stared at me in silence for a moment.
Thats classified, he finally said.
A wave of confusion and anger washed over me. Classified? How can you expect me to help you if you wont tell me how you think I can help?! I shouted.
I cant get into the details right now, but just know that you play a significant role in our plans to neutralize him.
I dont remember agreeing to help you.
I dont remember asking. Wells tone was cold and firm. The smug, joking attitude that he initially entered the room with had completely vanished.
Eliminating The Suspect is my number one priority. I cant just walk away from that, I said firmly.
Wells stepped closer to the glass, as if to make certain that I saw the seriousness in his icy grey eyes.
The Strangers are off limits, he said firmly.
Youre protecting them? I asked, bewildered.
Weve got men on the inside of their organization. If you and your team interfere, you could ruin the entire operation. Theyre all connected, Adam. The Strangers, Al Qaeda, all of them. You wonder why we dont just storm in guns blazing and round up the small fish? Ill tell you why. Its because then theres no one left to lead us back to the whales, son. The big fish is what its all about.
The room fell silent. Wells stared at me, waiting for a reply.
Whales are mammals. Theyre not fish, I finally said.
Wells smacked his forehead in frustration and glared at me.
How can you be so short sighted? he grumbled.
He killed my brother! You expect me to just forget about that?
Ultimately, The Righteous is responsible for what happened to your brother, Adam. Hes the very reason that The Strangers exist!
Who is he? I asked abruptly.
What do you mean? Wells asked.
Who is The Suspect? I want a name. If you know about me then I know you have the recourses to find out about them.
I could see in his eyes that I had caught him off guard with that question.
Thats classified, he finally replied.
Youve got to be kidding me, I said, shaking my head in disbelief. How can you expect me to help you when I dont even know if I can trust you? I asked, outraged.
Agent Wells turned his back to me and took a few steps toward the door before pausing.
You know, its quite interesting that youre so big on trust, Mr. Reaper, he said in a peculiar tone.
Of course, I am. Isnt everybody? I asked, not sure what he was getting at.
Well, in that case, you may want to take a second look at the members of that little crime fighting team, of yours, he said with his back still turned to me. I could no longer see his face, but I could tell he was smiling.
What are you talking about? I asked, my eyes narrowed with suspicion.
Im saying one of your trusted teammates is a Stranger. His words hit me like an unexpected punch to the nose.
Thats a lie! Youre just saying that to screw with my head! I shouted after him.
Wells didnt respond as he continued toward the exit.
You cant stop me from going after him! I yelled.
Agent Wells quickly turned to face me as he reached the exit. You see, thats where youre wrong, sport. You may be incredibly fast, strong, and durablebut youre not unstoppable. You know that gas we hit you with earlier? Its got a very interesting affect on your kind given the proper dosage. You should keep that in mind.
I didnt know how to respond. After weeks of an almost god-like existence, I suddenly found myself mortal again.
Think about my offer, Wells calmly stated as he exited the room. Suddenly, a faint hissing sound rang out, sending a tremor down my spine. The sweet smell of the gas that was now my greatest fear crept into my nostrils within seconds. I placed my hands over my nose and mouth, but I could already feel the gas taking its toll on me. I soon fell to the floor, and as I faded closer to oblivion, I remember wondering what Agent Wells meant by your kind just before my last speck of consciousness slipped away.























33. REVELATIONS


I WOKE UP SEVERAL HOURS LATER WITH AN EVEN BIGGER headache than before. As I tried to sit up on the familiar couch on which I lay, a wave of exhaustion the likes of which I had never experienced swept over me.
I was back in 3D, but I had no idea as to how I had returned. The gas Agent Wells had used on me seemed to have affected on my short-term memory, which made it difficult to recall the events of the previous few hours.
Adam, how are you feeling? Jason asked as he and Howie quickly came to my aid.
I slowly pulled my pounding head up and glanced around the room. My mouth was so dry that my attempt to respond to Jason resulted in a coughing spell that lasted for almost thirty seconds. 
Just take it easy, buddy. Ill grab you some water, Jason offered as he darted away.
Do you remember anything, Adam? Howie asked.
I searched my memory for answers, but the pounding headache made it difficult for me to focus. 
My memory is kind of scrambled right now. Its all there; I just cant focus because of this headache.
Do you remember anything? Anything at all? Howie asked as Jason returned holding a bottle of water.
Yeah, I remember getting here before you guys and then something happened. Someone got to me, Howie. They took me.
Are you serious? Jason asked.
Im dead serious, I said while reaching for the bottle of water that he still held in his hands.
But how? Youve got the strength of over twenty men! How could anyone have taken you? Jason asked as he handed me the bottled water.
They both waited for my response as I guzzled the ice cold water. 
There was this gas that they used. A thick, yellow gas that smelled kind of like flowers or something. As soon as I inhaled it I could barely move, I finally said.
Was it The Strangers? Howie questioned.
Water. I need more water, I choked out as my mouth became dry once more. It was all slowly coming back to me. The first bottle of water had helped me put some of the pieces of my memory back together, but I needed more. I needed a lot more. 

AFTER ABOUT FIFTEEN MINUTES AND THREE GALLONS of water, I was starting to feel a little better. I wasnt near one-hundred percent, but at least it didnt feel like I was trapped within that area between life and death anymore. 
We were all seated at the conference table on the left side of 3D. Howie and Jason waited for me to speak as I took another gulp from the one-gallon jug of water that I held in my hands.
He said he was with the government, I finally said, wiping the spillage from my mouth.
Jason raised an eyebrow and glanced at Howie.
This place should be off the grid. How would the government know about it? Howie wondered.
Its the government. Thats how. Its impossible to hide from them completely, Jason responded.
What exact agency of the government did these people claim to represent? Howie asked.
He didnt say, I said, just now realizing that fact.
Interesting, Howie replied as he studied me with his eyes. It felt like he was interrogating me, which kind of pissed me off, but I tried to ignore the feeling and continued the conversation.
Why are you so certain that its the government and not The Strangers? Howie asked.
They could have killed me at any time with that gas, but they chose to let me go. If they were Strangers, Im sure Id be dead right now.
What did they want? Jason asked. 
He said they wanted my help. He wants me to help them go after a terrorist called The Righteous.
Howies eyes ignited with surprise. Are you serious?! The Righteous?! The Righteous?
Thats what he said, I replied before taking another swig of water.
Wait a second, whos The Righteous? Jason asked.
Hes only the ultimate enemy of the United States of America, Howie said before I could reply. Have you ever wondered why almost every country in the world hates us? Its because for years hes been attacking us on every front. In addition to controlling anti-American sentiment across the globe, he also backs nearly every major terrorist state and organization known to man. Suddenly, Howies eyes widened as he looked to me.
Hes behind The Strangers, isnt he?! Howie demanded. His excitement troubled me. He suddenly seemed much more interested in what happened after I was abducted than the fact that I was actually abducted.
Yes At least thats what Agent Wells said, I replied.
It all makes perfect sense. Domestic terrorism was the only front left. However, now that The Strangers have gone militant, hes even managed to hit us at home, and the way that hes doing it is nothing short of brilliant! After that last attack, The Strangers have actually started to gain support in the eyes of the public; and why not? The basketball team they executed bullied a male cheerleader so relentlessly that it drove him to suicide! As far as the community is concerned, The Strangers arent terrorists for killing them; theyre heroes. This is exactly what The Righteous wants. Hes secretly manipulating us into tearing ourselves apart.
Thats an interesting theory, but it sounds a little farfetched. I mean, shouldnt he be at the top of the most wanted lists or something? How is it that Ive never heard of him? Jason asked. 
Few have. His existence is considered to be nothing more than a conspiracy theory because thats exactly the way the government wants it be. They will never go on record and admit that one man, an enemy of the state no less, has the potential to bring this country to its knees. Howie suddenly turned his excited gaze back to me. This is big Adam. This is absolutely enormous. Please tell me you said yes!
I said no. He didnt like it, but he let me go anyway, I said flatly. I could see in his eyes that he thought I had made the wrong decision, but I didnt give him time to object. He also said that one of my teammates was a Stranger, I said firmly. 
The room fell dead silent, and they both avoided my intense glare. As I studied Jason and Howie, I realized that they both seemed to be hiding something. How did we get to this point? I thought. How did we get to the point where we couldnt trust each other? And why did neither of them seem surprised? Initially, I thought Wells was simply blowing smoke, but as I watched them sit there in silence, I was beginning to think otherwise.
I need to know, I grumbled as I stood and glanced from Howie to Jason.
Jason? I asked as I glared at him.
Jason finally looked me in the eyes. He looked sad, the same way a child would look if he had just been caught with his hand in the cookie jar. I shook my head in disgust as we stared at each other. My face grew hot as adrenaline entered my system.
Say it aint so, Ace, I said through gritted teeth. Say it aint so.
Silence.
It aint so, Howie muttered as he removed his glasses and buried his head in his hands. An icy chill shot down my spine as I narrowed my eyes at him. 
Howie, what are you saying? I demanded.
Howie sighed and finally looked up at me. My face formed into a rigid grimace as the guilt in his eyes made me realize the truth. Howie had betrayed us. I loved them both as though they were my brothers, but I would have much rather had to deal with Jason betraying me than Howie.
How could you? I growled.
Its not what you think, Adam.
Howie, youre a terrorist! I shouted. What do you mean its not what I think? Were supposed to be fighting them and here I find out that youre a member?
Adam, I am not a terrorist! I joined the Strangers when I was ten years old, but back then we were just hackers. That was before The Suspect. When he came into the picture three years ago, I quit because I wanted no part of his radical ideology. The Strangers that I was a part of did not kill innocent people!
Youre lying, I growled.
Adam, Im not lying. You have to believe me-
Why should I believe you?!
Because youre my friend, dammit! Because youre my brother, Adam.
My brothers dead, or have you forgotten that, Howard? And did you forget that your Strangers are responsible for that? I grumbled.
Dont do this, Adam. Dont push me away because of something I did in the past! I didnt tell you guys because I knew youd have a hard time believing me. Howie paused as if expecting me to respond. 
I said nothing as I glared at him in silence. Jason remained seated at the conference table, but I could tell he was keeping an eye on me, preparing to intervene if I made a move for Howie. The more I looked at Howie, the more I realized that he seemed sincere, but I didnt know what to think. 
What do you expect me to say, Howie? Youve been working with the enemy. The same people that killed my brother, I finally muttered.
Hes not lying, Adam, Jason said.
I shot a bewildered glare at Jason.
How would you know? Are you one of them, too? I demanded, still wondering why he had gotten so quiet.
Of course not, Jason shot back as he stood. I just know that hes telling the truth about The Strangers starting out as hackers. Thats been all over the news. If Howie joined them before they became militant, I dont see a problem with that, as long as hes not active anymore.
Did I ask you if you had a problem with it? I thought, sarcastically. Instead of responding, I stayed quiet in order to control my temper. It was easy to see that Jason was getting just as wound up as I was, and I didnt want things to get out of hand. I wasnt afraid of him. I just didnt want to have to hurt him, so I forced myself to calm down. The funny thing was, Jason was probably thinking the same thing about me.
Howie took a step toward me. Adam, I was dead wrong for not telling you guys. I know that now, but me making that mistake doesnt mean that we dont still have the same goal. We can stop them, Adam. They still think Im one of them and we can use that to bring them down.
What do you mean? I asked. 
I had to get the information about the location of Senator Larsons daughter the old fashioned way. The Strangers online security is so sophisticated that there was only one way I could get through it. I visited the outpost we bugged in person in order to access their network and extract the location of April Larson.
Please tell me you didnt do what I think you did, Howie, Jason said.
There was no other way, Jason. I had to become active again or at least make them think I was. Its the only way we can win, Howie replied.
So you just dusted off your old Stranger badge and they just welcomed you back with open arms, huh? You dont think this could get dangerous for you? I asked. This isnt the same group you joined six years ago.
I know what Im getting myself into. Even though theyve gone militant, they still need people like me. Im a one of a kind hacker. Im too valuable to them. They won't let anything happen to me.
I dont like this, Jason complained. 
Excuse me? Howie asked, agitated by Jasons lack of confidence.
I said, I dont like it. I just dont agree with you putting yourself on the line like this, Howie. Its not safe.
Im not a child, Jason. I can take care of myself!
What if they figure it out, Howie? Do you understand that they will kill you if they find out what youre doing? Jason scolded. 
I told you, they wont do anything to hurt me because they need me! Besides, if anything goes wrong, Ill have you guys there to back me up when we rescue the girl.
Wait a second. Youre not talking about another field op are you? Jason demanded.
As a matter of fact, I am.
Absolutely not! Howie, you are not a field operative! Theres no way Im signing off on this.
How do you suppose we get her then, Ace? You and Reaper just storm the place, two versus a thousand, and hope for the best? This has to be done from the inside, and this is the only way that we can actually get inside.
Adam, you have to back me up here, Jason pleaded as he glanced at me.
I bit my lip as I weighed the options. They both had valid points. Jason was right in that Howie was probably in over his head, but Howie was right about this being the best chance for us to rescue the congressmans daughter and gather more valuable information on The Suspects whereabouts.
Im with Howie. I think this gives us the best chance of success, I finally stated, to Jasons dismay. Jason sighed and grimaced. He was still completely against the idea, but he remained silent.
So whats this grand scheme of yours, Echo? How are we gonna do this? I asked.
Howie took a seat at the computer near the conference table and displayed several pictures of an old factory on the monitor. The eight-story building was in the middle of a vast lot surrounded by a few shorter buildings.
This sight is an old industrial property on the outskirts of Atlanta, GA. At first glance it appears abandoned, but just as with the outpost, the real action takes place underground. This is where theyre holding the girl. When I accessed their systems from the communications outpost, I was able to deliver a virus to their network. They think its an NSA Trojan, so theyve contracted me to flush it out. They know Im the only person thats not on a government payroll that has the ability to do so. Im supposed to go to this site three nights from now in order to disable the virus and install some security equipment that I designed.
A picture of a Stranger wearing a black version of the Stranger mask appeared on the screen. 
This is Bravo. Hes one of the lesser Stranger officers. Im meeting him at a nearby gas station and then riding with him to the site. The plan is to subdue him and have Reaper take his place and accompany me inside disguised as Bravo.
What about me? Jason asked.
Youll be in stealth mode. I did some recon with my aerial drone and found a drainage system that will allow access to the first floor. Once Reaper and I are inside, Ill locate the girl and relay her location to you. Ill have full access to the security system, so you should be able to extract her with relative ease once you find her.
Seems pretty simple, but whats the catch? Jason asked.
What makes you think theres a catch? Howie asked.
You obviously want the big gun in your hip pocket for a reason, Jason replied, gesturing toward me.
Theres a chance that one of their high ranking officers might be present on the night of our operation. His name is Tango; he visits the site quite often, but theres no distinct pattern as to when he decides to show. Hes the only thing that makes me nervous about this.
Jason clenched his massive jaw but didnt reply as a wave of concern washed over his face.
Whos Tango and what makes him so special? I asked.
Hes a former mercenary that now serves as the right-hand man of The Suspect. Simply puthes a human weapon; one thats killed more people than we can possibly imagine.
Hes just one guy, I said nonchalantly as I studied the pixilated image of Tango on the display. There wasnt much detail, but I could tell that he had long, dreadlocked hair pulled into a ponytail and he wore a mask that only covered the upper right side of his face. Compared to the rest of The Strangers, I was sure he would stick out like a sore thumb. If he showed his face, Id know exactly who to target first.
Adam, dont get cocky, Jason warned.
Im not getting cocky. I just dont see one guy being that big of a deal. If he shows up, well stick to the plan, and if something goes awry, Ill take him out, I said indifferently.
If he shows up, youll need my help. Dont try to fight him alone, Jason replied.
Is that an order? I thought, as my face grew hot and I struggled to suppress my anger. Did he seriously think I needed his help fighting one guy? And who did he think he was ordering around? 
You dont think I can take him? I asked.
Hes right, Adam. Its not worth the risk. If Tango shows, we may end up having to retreat, Howie said.
Yeah, fat chance, I grumbled. Their lack of confidence was so comical to me that I had to catch myself to keep from laughing. Are we done? If this is going down in three days, Ill need to get some rest to let the effects of that gas wear off.
Well, theres still the issue of the government knowing about this place. How do we know that they wont come after us? Jason asked.
We could always relocate, but Im not sure if that would do us any good. If they found us once, Im sure they could find us again, Howie responded. For now, I actually think were in the clear. Otherwise they wouldnt have let Adam go. They didnt say anything about shutting us down did they, Adam?
No. They just asked me to help them fight The Righteous, I lied. I didnt tell them that Wells had demanded that we stop our pursuit of The Strangers because I didnt want either of them to get cold feet. Now that we finally had a solid lead, I wanted to make sure that we followed up on it at all costs.
Alright then. Well meet again at the same time tomorrow, Jason said as he looked to me. I nodded in agreement before heading over to the couch.
Jason offered me a ride home, but I told him I was crashing at 3D for the night. So far, they hadnt noticed that I had been staying at 3D every night since the fight with my mom and I was in no rush to fill them in. 
After they left, I emptied my pockets to prepare for bed and felt an odd object with my right hand. I withdrew the object and held it closer to my face to study it.
It was a small white business card with, AGENT WELLS 555-505-2772, printed at the top. Under the phone number was a message scribbled in jagged handwriting: 
When you change your mind.
I thought about ripping it up and throwing it away for a moment, but I decided to hang on to it just in case.











34. FEAR OR FOCUS


I TOOK IT EASY FOR THE NEXT COUPLE OF DAYS IN ORDER to build my strength. I still wasnt quite at 100 percent when the night of the operation came around, but I was good enough. After all, my 80 percent meant that I could still toss a few thousand pounds around like it was nobodys business.
We rented a large, black SUV using a fake ID that Howie had created in order to drive to Atlanta. I decided to ride with them instead of running in order to conserve my strength.
Im not sure if it was out of fear or focus, but we drove mostly in silence. We all knew the plan. We had met at 3D every day to rehash the details to make sure that our execution was nothing short of perfect.
I could tell Howie was nervous. He was doing a decent job of hiding it, but the way he kept biting his bottom lip and constantly adjusting the high-tech glasses that he wore let me know that something was troubling him. It was hard not to let his nervous demeanor affect my confidence in the mission, so I kept reminding myself that between the light body armor that he was wearing and my close proximity, he should have nothing to worry about.
As Jason drove us closer to Atlanta, I wondered if Agent Wells knew about the operation that we were about to undertake. If they were able to find 3D, they no doubt had a way of keeping tight surveillance on us. He had warned me to abandon my pursuit of The Strangers, yet there we were, about to do the exact opposite. I felt somewhat guilty about keeping Howie and Jason in the dark about that, but I was prepared to do whatever it took to avenge my brother.
Maybe Agent Wells was right about The Righteous being the bigger threat, but this was personal. Taking out The Suspect was something that I needed to do before I could focus on anything else.
As I stared out of the window, I thought about Monica for a split second before forcing the memory of her from my mind. She and I had not spent any quality time together over the past three days because I was purposely keeping my distance in order to mentally prepare myself for battle. Whenever I was around her, I couldnt think about anything else and I couldnt risk my infatuation for her distracting me from the mission. As far as she knew, Jason, Howie and I had been working on renovating 3D, which was taking up most of my free time. She was a lot more understanding than I probably deserved. I felt terrible about misleading her, but I knew that I was doing the right thing.
My heart skipped a beat as we sped past the Welcome to Atlanta sign. It was almost go-time. I knew we had prepared well, and I trusted Howies plan, but something in my gut didnt feel right.

HOWIE DROPPED JASON AND I OFF A BLOCK AWAY FROM the gas station where he was supposed to meet Bravo. We disappeared into the shadows and made our way around the block headed toward the rendezvous point. 
This phase of the plan went smoothly. Howie arrived before Bravo, which gave Jason and me plenty of time to find a suitable vantage point. As Bravo arrived in a large, black SUV, he was completely unaware of Jason, who waited patiently with the shadows near his vehicle. 
Jason pulled his mask over his face and tied a long headband around his head as Howie crossed the street. As Howie neared the SUV, Jason sank deeper into the shadows and stealthily crept up to the passenger side of Bravos vehicle. Jasons jet-black armor blended so perfectly against the black SUV that the only way I could track his position was by the white spade painted over the right side of his mask. I kept my eyes on Bravo, who remained in the drivers seat of the vehicle as Howie reached the passenger door. I was nervous because I couldnt see Bravos eyes due to his black Stranger mask, but if he even flinched the wrong way, I was prepared to zoom over and ram the entire SUV across the street.
The moment Howie opened the passenger door, Jason sprang into the vehicle and incapacitated Bravo in less than a second. Jason and I quickly bound and gagged him and tossed him into the back of the rental.
In no time, I was sitting in the drivers seat of Bravos SUV wearing his jet-black Stranger uniform. An interesting thing about The Strangers is that most of the members preferred to remain anonymous, even amongst themselves. We were counting on that in order for me to successfully pose as Bravo. Atop of the ski mask that I had worn the night I saved that lady from the mugger, I pulled on Bravos black Stranger mask. I had brought the skull-faced ski mask just in case things got hairy. If the crap hit the fan, I wanted them to know exactly whom they were dealing with. 
After a few minutes, we were in route to The Stranger compound with me fully disguised as Bravo. Ace followed us in the rental car down the long, dark road that led to the facility. 
We stopped a mile outside of the compound so that Jason could stage the rental and approach the facility on foot. Howie and I waited fifteen minutes before approaching the building so as to give Jason enough time to make his approach. My heart thumped heavily as we finally drove onto the main compound. The entire site looked abandoned from the outside, though we all knew better.
Dude, wheres your mask? I whispered to Howie as I pulled the car into a parking spot twenty yards from the main building.
Im not wearing one, Howie replied without looking at me. 
Are you kidding me? I asked, while trying to restrain my anger. Even though I was suddenly furious, I wanted to remain calm just in case we were being watched. 
No, Im not kidding. Revealing my identity was a condition of my rejoining. It was the only way. We dont have time for this. We have to keep moving, Howie mumbled.
My gut told me to run. It told me to start the SUV and drive away as fast as possible, but my need for revenge wouldnt let me. We had gotten so close that even though I could sense that Howie was walking into unimaginable danger, I couldnt turn back. 
I exited the SUV and followed Howie to the back of it and waited as he removed a black duffle bag that was full of the equipment that he was supposed to install for The Strangers. Howie quickly pressed a button on the right side of his high-tech glass. Ace this is Echo. Are you in position?
Im twenty seconds out, I heard Jason say in my earpiece.
10-4. Reaper and I are going in. Well maintain radio silence until weve reached the control room, Howie said. I expected him to be a bit nervous, but instead, he looked absolutely terrified.
First sign of trouble and Im getting you the heck out of there, Echo. Just relax, okay? Weve got this, I reassured. 
Howie forced a nod.
Piece of cake, right? he said.
Red velvet, I replied.
Red velvet cake was both of our favorites. He chuckled at my joke, which made me feel a bit better about the situation. 
A row of lights flickered on as we approached the building. I was surprised when the double doors of the main building snapped open and two Strangers emerged with assault rifles aimed at us.
Stop right there! one of them shouted. I couldnt tell which of them said it due to the expressionless white masks they were wearing. Howie and I both froze. I balled my fists and prepared for action as my heartbeat quickened.
Its okay! Howie responded, Im one of you. My name is Echo and Im here under orders from Charlie.
Echo has been out of the game for a while. How do I know this isnt a trick? the Stranger on the left asked with his head cocked to the side.
Well, Im back now! You can confirm that with Charlie! And if you know whats good for you, Id put those weapons away. Thats Bravo that youre pointing those things at. Don't you recognize the mask? Howie said firmly, as he gestured at me.
The Strangers became visibly nervous when Howie identified me as Bravo. I allowed myself to relax as I realized that Howie had the situation under control.
Charlie sent him to escort me in just in case we ran into any trigger happy dorks like yourselves, Howie quipped. So, I figure we can do this one of two ways. You two can keep standing there with your guns on us, continue pissing this guy off and, in turn, piss off Charlie if were late. Or you can stand aside and let me do my job.
The two Strangers glanced at each other, then back to me. After I cleared my throat and crossed my arms in front of my chest, they finally lowered their weapons.
Thank you, Howie sarcastically added as we pushed past them.
I guess my pep talk worked, I thought as we entered the building. Howies quick thinking and slick talking impressed me, but I still had the feeling that we werent out of the woods just yet. At the time, there was no way for me to know just how right I was.

HOWIE HAD USED HIS ARIAL DRONE TO MAP THE SCHEMATICS of the building a few days in advance, so finding the main control room was fairly simple. Once inside the dimly lit room, Howie went to work on a huge terminal in the center of the floor. 
I stood guard over him as he worked. For the most part, the other Strangers occupying the building seemed completely disinterested in us. Every so often, one of them would enter the room and observe us but never for more than a minute. 
As I watched Howie type away on the countless keyboards before him, I couldnt help but wonder about Jason. It had been nearly twenty minutes since we last spoke with him. Radio silence was always uncomfortable for me, but this was especially nerve racking because Jason was alone. If something happened to him, there was no way that I could be there to save him.
Ace, this is Echo. Come in, Howie whispered as he pressed a small button on the side of his glasses.
I instinctively positioned myself near the door to listen for any incoming Strangers, while Howie contacted Jason. 
Echo, go ahead, Jason replied over the radio.
Im sending you the coordinates of the package. Make it quick, Howie said as he tapped several buttons on the right side of his high-tech glasses.
10-4, Jason replied.
I knew the next phase of the plan. As Ace extracted the girl, Howie would download sensitive data from The Strangers network in hopes of finding information that could help us track down The Suspect. The plan was seemingly working like a charm, but I couldnt shake the feeling that it was working too well. 
My heart jumped out of my chest when Howies eyes suddenly widened with fear as he stared at one of the computer monitors before him.
Whats wrong? I asked as I quickly approached him.
He ignored me and frantically tapped a button on his glasses. Ace this is Echo, come in, he whispered anxiously.
Echo, whats going on? I demanded. I could barely hear anything over the sound of my heartbeat echoing in my head.
Its the girl. She-
Im going in, Echo. Ill hit you back when Im out, Jason quickly said over the radio.
No, Ace, dont! Its not- Howies words were interrupted by a scream that we both heard over the radio. 
What was that? I demanded.
Ace, come in! Ace?! Howie shouted.
Something had gone wrong with the extraction, and Howie knew it. He must have noticed something in The Strangers files that let him know it would happen.
I grabbed Howie by the shoulders and forced him to look at me.
What just happened? I growled.
She wasnt abducted by The Strangers. She joined them! Howie replied in disbelief.
That must have been her screaming to alert the others. Im going after him, I said firmly.
Im coming with you, Howie replied.
We turned to exit and stopped dead in our tracks when we noticed the five Strangers blocking the doors.





35. PARDON THE INTERUPTION


FOUR OF THE STRANGERS THAT STOOD BEFORE US WERE carrying assault rifles, but none of them were aiming at us. I could tell that the fifth Stranger that stood the closest to us was probably the one calling the shots. Instead of the typical black body armor and plain white mask, he wore a dark brown, full-length duster coat over jet-black body armor along with a red Greek Comedy Mask and a black cowboy hat that was slightly tipped forward. Instead of an assault rifle, he had a gigantic magnum revolver holstered on his right hip.
None of them were aiming their guns, so I tried to soften my posture as the Stranger wearing the red mask tipped his hat and nodded at Howie. 
Evenin, gentlemen, he said with a thick southern accent.
Hello, Charlie. I didnt realize you were stopping by tonight, Howie replied.
Well, I happened to be in the neighborhood, and I figured it wouldnt hurt much if I dropped in. So hows everything comin' along, Hoss? You take care of that pesky virus yet? Charlie asked.
Yeah, we're actually almost done. I just need to install the hardware, and it should be smooth sailing from there.
Is that a fact? Charlie asked, mockingly. Well, I'm afraid that equipment's gonna have to wait, Hoss. You see, the big wigs just arrived upstairs, and there's one in particular who wants to make your acquaintance. Now I don't want to go and spoil the surprise, but I suspect he doesn't want to be waitin' all night.
It smelled like a trap. For all we knew, they had captured and killed Jason and were luring us to our deaths as well. But I didn't know that for sure. He was obviously implying that The Suspect was on the premises and, if he was, then I would gladly go quietly to him if it meant that I would get the chance to wrap my hands around his neck.
I gave Howie a subtle nod as he glanced at me for guidance.
Certainly. We wouldn't dream of keeping him waiting, Howie finally replied.
Alright then. After you fine gentlemen, Charlie said gesturing toward the exit. As I headed toward the exit I could tell he was smiling beneath the sinister smirk of the Greek Comedy mask that he wore upon his face.

THE BAD FEELING I HAD BECAME A LOT WORSE AS WE exited the elevator on the roof and I noticed that The Suspect was nowhere in sight. The moon had risen high in the cloudless night sky as Howie and I proceeded forward with Charlie and his fellow Strangers just a few feet behind us. They still had not yet aimed their weapons at us, but it still felt like we were being led away at gunpoint. 
That's far enough, Charlie said as we reached the center of the roof.
I stiffened as I anticipated an imminent attack. I wondered if they would shoot us in the backs like cowards or line us up execution style. 
Whats going on here, Charlie? Howie demanded without facing him.
You tell me, Hoss, Charlie replied from behind us. The hints of humor and sarcasm that I detected in his voice earlier had vanished. Playtime was apparently over.
I'm not sure what you mean, Howie replied, convincingly.
Where's Bravo? Charlie demanded.
Howie and I stood in silence as The Strangers walked in front of us and finally aimed their rifles at us. A tremor shot down my spine as I thought of Howie. I suddenly wished that I had his mind in order to calculate my odds of taking them all out before they got a shot off.
Bravo is standing right beside me. Whats the meaning of this, Charlie? Howie asked. He was hiding his fear well, but I could tell that he was still afraid. I kept telling myself that he didnt need to be scared. Whatever they were planning probably didnt account for the fact that I was strong enough to hoist a 6000-pound truck above my head.
You think you're pretty smart, don't ya, Hoss? Charlie mocked.
No, Im just having trouble understanding whats going on here. I was brought in to do a specific job and whatever this is, isn't helping, Howie retorted.
Well I reckon I should clear thangs up for ya, Hoss. You see, you're not the only wiz kid on the block now, partner. Some of your former comrades were excited to have a valued asset like yourself decide to come out of retirement, but The Suspect figured the timin of it was a little too odd for his likin. Now, Bravo was supposed to bring you back here, that much is true. But you weren't supposed to actually to be alive when you got here, Hoss.
Enough talk, I snapped. I'm only gonna give you one chance to walk away from this! If you leave now-
With almost unnatural speed, Charlie had drawn his pistol and aimed it at my head before I finished my sentence. My heart rate tripled as I stared down the barrel of the silver Magnum revolver.
I'm sorry, Hoss, did I break your concentration? Charlie asked, smugly.
Hardly, I growled. 
That mouthful of sass is fixin to get you a mouthful of lead, boy. This ain't no peashooter, Hoss. If I squeeze this trigger once, you can kiss that melon goodbye. Now, I expect the next thing outta that mouth of yours to be the whereabouts of Bravo.
The sight of Charlies enormous pistol was making me nervous, but I was relieved that he was aiming at me instead of Howie. I wasnt sure how my dense molecular composition would deal with a gunshot, but I hoped it would hold up similar to when that mugger tried to stab me and his knife broke on my skin. 
What's it gonna be, Princess? Charlie asked. 
I suddenly grabbed Howie by the back of his collar before any of them could react. I figured he would be pretty sore in the morning, but getting him out of the way was the only way that I could really cut loose.
I hurled Howies body over the group of Strangers and leapt into action just as they turned to see where he had landed. 
Charlie slithered away as I caught the closest Stranger with a devastating right hook to the back of his head. I flattened the next two Strangers with vicious right and left hooks before the first one had even hit the floor. I heard a thundering gunshot just as I pummeled the last one to the floor. Before I could dive away, something slammed hard against my left shoulder with so much force that I was instantly knocked off my feet. Charlie stood fifteen feet away from the battle, brandishing his smoking gun when the dust settled.
The bullet didnt break the skin but the pain was excruciating. It felt like someone had just driven a semi-truck into my arm. Just as Charlie aimed the smoking hand cannon at my head, a sudden dark blur appeared and forced him to leap backward before he could fire another shot.
For a moment I forgot about the pain throbbing in my left shoulder as I noticed Jason standing between Charlie and me aiming one of the Strangers M16s at Charlie. The joy of knowing that he wasn't dead was enough to keep the pain in my shoulder at bay long enough for me to pull myself to my feet. 
Drop it, dirt bag! Jason ordered as his long headband fluttered in the cool night air. 
You know what the funny thing is? I was just about to say the same thing to you, Hoss! Charlie replied. 
If you think that six-shooter can stand up to an M16, youre kidding yourself. Dont be stupid, Charlie. I don't want to have to shoot you, but if you don't lower your weapon, that's exactly what's going to happen! Jason's rifle was aimed for Charlie's chest. I had no idea if Jason had ever held a gun before then, but he sure seemed to be a natural.
I balled my fists as I prepared for the impending firefight. The pain in my left shoulder was still throbbing to the tune of my overactive heartbeat, but I had to ignore it. I was worried about Jason. Not only was Charlie quick enough to hit me while I was moving in overdrive, but if his revolver packed enough punch to cause me that much pain, I didnt want to think about what it would do to Jason.
Last chance, buddy. Youve got five seconds, Jason said firmly.
Jason and I both flinched as Charlie quickly placed his pistol back in its holster in less time than it took for us to draw a single breath. It was obvious that he could have gotten off a shot if he had wanted to and it bothered me that I didnt know why he chose not to.
All right, Hoss, Charlie finally said. Suit yourself. But just know that I was gonna go easy on you. Now, just in case you forgot, the elevator is that way, he said as he pointed to the elevator behind us.
My stomach did a summersault as I glanced at the elevator. Jason had seen it too. We both looked at each other as we realized that we had just laid eyes on the last thing either of us wanted to see in that moment.
































36. GAME CHANGER


THE GAME HAD CHANGED. MY HEART SANK DEEPER INTO my chest as the group of Strangers blocking the elevator parted and Tango, the shortest but by far the deadliest of The Strangers, emerged from the pack.
He only stood about 57 yet his muscle-bound frame made him considerably more physically imposing than any of his comrades. From the waist down, he wore the same black combat gear as his fellow Strangers, but the only thing he wore on his insanely muscular upper body was the white tape that was wrapped around his forearms and hands and two swords that were strapped across his back. I recognized his long dreadlocks and the ivory and black half-face masquerade mask that only covered the upper right side of his face from the picture that Howie had shown us.
Still holding the assault rifle, Jason took a step toward Tango and the ten Strangers that now blocked our path to the elevator.
We were just leaving. We still have Bravo in custody, but were willing to return him so long as you allow us to leave peacefully, Jason stated, firmly. 
Tango chuckled but did not reply.
Is there something funny? I demanded.
I didnt come here to talk, Tango barked. If you want off this roof thats fine; the elevator is right there. Just know youre gonna have to go through me to get to it. Now, if you want to save the boys here the trouble of mopping up after Im done, Ill also give you an opportunity to jump. His voice was a lot deeper and raspier than I thought it would be.
He aint usually that nice, Hoss! Youd better listen to him! Charlie yelled from behind us.
You think Im afraid of one guy?! I asked, as I glared at him over my shoulder.
You clearly dont realize what youve stepped in, do ya, Hoss? Well Ill tell you, youre about five seconds away from gettin a chunk torn out of you big enough to clog a drain, boy! Charlie quipped to his comrades delight. 
Is this guy serious? I thought. Howie had warned us about Tangos fighting abilities, but I couldnt believe the extent of their arrogance. Did they really think we would jump off the roof of a building in order to avoid fighting them?
Are you all gonna talk us to death, or are you and your men gonna make a move?! I shouted at Tango. My stomach dropped as I completed my sentence. It felt like I had just poked a sleeping tiger, but I couldnt help but react. That self-assurance on his face and the idiotic ramblings of Charlie were really pissing me off. 
The boys are sitting this one out, pal. Like I said, youve got two choices. You can either try to go through me, or you can make it easier on yourselves and take me up on my other offer.
Youre the only one going off of this roof if you dont stand aside, I growled.
Thats pretty tough talk for a dead man, Tango retorted.
Im not dead yet! I barked.
Youre right. My watch is about five minutes fast. Laughter erupted from Charlie and the Strangers that surrounded Tango. As the blistering anger boiled inside of me, I balled my fists and was about to attack when I felt Jasons hand fall onto my shoulder.
This doesnt have to get ugly, he said while facing Tango.
Its too late for small talk, Hoss! Charlie shouted. You boys are already dead and you dont even know it!
I dont think you realize who youre talking to! I bellowed as I whipped around and glared at Charlie.
Well by God, Hoss. Enlighten me why dont cha? Ive been dying to know whos hiding behind that Bravo mask.
Reaper, dont! Jason yelled.
Too late. I had already ripped Bravos mask from my face and tossed it aside. The crowd of Strangers released a collective gasp as they recognized the skull-faced ski mask that I had worn the night I saved that woman from the mugger. They had all either seen it on the news or on the internet, which meant they all knew what I could do.
Well Ill be, dog. You really do exist. And here I thought those videos were fake! Charlie exclaimed. That does explain how that arm of yours is still attached to your body. But Ill tell you what, Hoss, all that fancy stuff you can do aint gonna amount to a hill of beans against that man. If I were you, Id jump.
I had heard enough. The entire rooftop was left in slow motion as I turned and rocketed toward Tango with a devastating right hand cocked behind me. He was completely motionless as I zoomed toward him at sixty miles per hour.
I flung my right-handed haymaker at his face. To my surprise, my fist hit absolutely nothing as Tango quickly sidestepped the attack and kicked me hard in the back, causing my momentum to nearly carry me off the roof. The rage within me increased as I struggled to regain my balance. That smug smile was still plastered across his face as I turned to face him.
Reaper, wait! Jason shouted. But it was too late. I was already zipping toward Tango once more by the time he had finished his sentence. Tango sidestepped my attack with even more ease, which sent me flying toward Jason and Charlie, who scrambled out of the way before I collided with them. 
My 800-pound body threatened to cave the roof in as I lost my balance and fell. Charlie and the crowd of Stranger spectators erupted into laughter once again at my expense.
I suggest you stay down! Tango howled as his men cheered him on.
Listen to him, Hoss! He aint gonna tell you again! Charlie yelled from the crowd.
A sharp pain shot through my left shoulder as I attempted to stand.
Ive got you, Jason said as he kneeled beside me and placed his hand on my shoulder.
Ive got this! I dont need any help! I shouted as I slammed my hands against the roof below me. Jason took a step back and discarded the assault rifle that he was carrying as I pulled myself to my feet. 
I tried to focus on my rage and forget about the fire burning pain in my left shoulder.
We have to be strategic about this, Reaper, Jason said quietly.
I dont need help!
Reaper, dont be stupid! Jason hissed.
I said, Ive got this! I yelled.
Not from where Im standing, pal, Tango said. This fight was over before it even started because you tipped your hand when you showed me that mask. Theres a small chance you could have caught me off guard with that speed of yours if you hadnt shown me who you really are. Now that I know, youre kidding yourself if you think you can cover thirty feet faster than the time it takes me to move a few inches to the left or right.
Hes right, Reaper. Hes using your speed and momentum against you. We have to do this together, Jason insisted.
I dont know what made me angrier: the fact that Tango was right or that fact that I needed Jasons help to take him on. He was just a man, and I was supposed to be something more. I was supposed to be special.
I nodded at Jason and slowly started toward Tango. Jasons long headband fluttered in the wind as he quickly joined my approach and moved alongside me with cat-like grace. Tango smiled as he folded his massive arms across his chest and looked past me as we approached him. A tremor shot down my spine as I realized that he wasnt looking behind me. He was staring at my injured left shoulder because I had been favoring it without even realizing it. I fought the urge to wince in pain as I quickly straightened my posture, but it was too late. He had already noticed my weakness.
I maneuvered my way to his right as Jason slid to his left, and the crowd of Strangers formed a circle around us. 
Youre up, Ace, I whispered.
Jason nodded and cautiously advanced toward Tango. It almost felt like I was throwing him to the wolves, but I needed him to distract Tango long enough for me to get a good shot in. He was quick enough to elude my attacks but I doubted that Tango was tough enough to withstand one of my punches if I was actually able to land one.
As Jason neared, Tango suddenly lashed out at me, taking me by surprise. I was astounded by how quickly he was upon me. He hit me twice in the face and three times in the gut before I could even react. Luckily, he didnt know how dense my body was when he threw the punches. They didnt hurt, but I could tell that if I were normal, I would have been incapacitated.
I threw a wild right backhand and missed as he quickly dodged to my right. He swiftly ducked Jasons incoming roundhouse and threw him into me, causing us both to stumble backward. 
Jason promptly charged him again, but he was almost instantly floored by a devastating three-punch combination from Tango. 
That was the first time I had ever seen Jason on the losing end of a fight. Before that moment, Jason was the best hand to hand combatant I had ever laid eyes on, but I had just witnessed Tango put him on his back without even breaking a sweat. For the first time that night, I began to wonder if we could actually win.
I sprang into action as Tango prepared to stomp Jason. Tango gracefully leapt away as I attempted to grab him. I quickly whipped around to try again, but to my surprise, Tango had vanished. 
The fire in my left shoulder erupted and engulfed the entire left side of my body, bringing me to my knees. Tango had maneuvered his way behind me and delivered a crushing roundhouse kick to my injured left shoulder, further dislocating it. Jason sprang to his feet as Tango delivered a crushing, spinning heel kick to my head.
I felt that one. He had to have realized how dense my body was and adjusted accordingly because that kick was delivered with enough force to shatter concrete.
I was slipping out of consciousness as my face slammed against the floor. The only thing that kept me from passing out was the sound of Jason getting absolutely hammered by Tango.
Get up! I thought! Get up; he needs you! Hes going to kill him!
I slammed my right hand against the roof beneath me and turned myself toward the fight.
Jason was concentrating his efforts on defense but his will was fading fast as Tangos relentless barrage of punches and kicks continued to rain. 
Come on, kid! Arent you gonna throw a punch! Tango roared as he broke through Jasons defense and delivered a stiff left jab to his face, sending him stumbling backward.
I tried to pull myself to my feet but collapsed due to the pain in my left shoulder. Tango unleashed another combination of lightning fast punches, but Jason did well to block them all. They were both astonishingly fast, but Tango was simply stronger and much more vicious. He took more risks but was always able to dodge and deliver a devastating counterattack whenever Jason threw a punch.
Come on, Ace! I shouted.
Yeah, come on, Ace! Keep beatin his fists with your face! Charlie mocked.
As I glared at Charlie, I was shocked to see that The Strangers near him were now holding Howie at gunpoint. The terror in Howies eyes matched the desperation that I heard in Jasons voice through my ear piece as Tangos unyielding attacks bore down on him. As I looked from Howie to Jason, I felt powerless to save either of them. 
Get up! I shouted to myself. I bit my lip as Tango finally hammered Jason to the floor and quickly grabbed his head and pulled him into a sleeper hold. As he tightened his grip around Jasons neck, my heart rate doubled. I knew that if I didnt intervene, Jason was going to die.
The extra adrenaline provided by Jason nearing the brink of death gave me the strength to launch myself into the air with my right arm. I twisted in midair and landed hard on my left side. A deafening scream escaped my lips as a piercing pain shot through the entire left side of my body. It hurt like hell, but I had accomplished my goal. Though my shoulder was in even more pain at that point, it was now back in its socket, which allowed me to pull myself to my feet.
An icy chill shot down my spine as I zoomed toward Tango just as he prepared to snap Jasons neck. The rooftop seemed to be frozen in time as I rocketed through the space that separated me from him. Despite my speed, I could tell that Tango was somehow still able to track my movements. Before I could land the wild jab that I threw at his chest, he released Jason and leaped to the left, causing my momentum to carry me past them. 
Jason rolled to Tangos right as I whipped around and charged him again. My approach was slower and more controlled this time, but Tango still managed to evade my punch by sliding to his right just in the knick of time. He never even saw it coming. Jason had fired a vicious right hook at the same time that I rushed Tango. By dodging my attack, he had stepped right into Jasons leaping power shot.
The entire roof fell silent as Tango stumbled backward, barely able to keep his footing. Before he could recover, Jason pounced and connected a ferocious five-punch combination, knocking him to the deck with the last blow. The crowd of Strangers released a collective gasp as they watched their greatest fighter go down for the first time ever. Jason leapt backward as Tango quickly unsheathed the two swords strapped to his back. Tango sprang to his feet as Jason slowly and deliberately unsheathed the katana at his waist. The slender blade of Jasons sword seemed to emanate a diffused glow as the moonlight shone against it.
They lashed out at each other as quickly as two bolts of lightning. To my surprise, it was Jason who was now the aggressor. As their steel blades clashed, I could tell that something about Aces sword was giving him the edge.
Just hang in there, Ace, I thought as I abruptly launched myself into the crowd of Strangers behind me. I was a bowling ball against pins as my 800-pound body sent most of them flying and toppling into each other. Jason continued to hold his own in the sword fight with Tango as I plowed my way through the crowd of Strangers heading toward Howie. 
I came to a dead stop when Charlie pressed his massive pistol to Howies temple. They were both fifteen feet away from me. I could have covered that distance in no time but I knew that I couldnt cover it in less than the time it would take Charlie to squeeze the trigger.
I whipped around as soon as I heard Jasons piercing scream in my earpiece. I turned just in time to see Tango withdraw the blade of one of his swords from Jasons right shoulder. I instinctively sprinted toward them just as Tango pulled his swords above his head.
Faster! I shouted to myself as the blades of Tangos swords descended upon Jason. I felt the roof beneath my feet crumble and cave in as I accelerated to a speed that I had never achieved before. 
The blades of Tangos swords were within inches of decapitating Jason when I swooped by and yanked him out of the clutches of the arching deathblow. Tangos swords sliced into the roof beneath him as I rocketed across the rooftop with Jason in my arms and leapt away into the night air. As I soared through the piercing blackness of the night sky with Jason held tightly within my arms, I hoped that he would still be alive when we hit the ground. 
Tango had been right all along. In the end, the only reason Ace and I were still alive is because I decided to leap from the rooftop. But what about Howie? What would become of him? It took everything in me to leap off of that building and leave him behind, but I knew that I could only save one of them.
Charlie had the drop on Howie, which made saving Jason my only viable option, but that sentiment didnt make me feel any better about my decision. Maybe if I hadnt promised Howie that Id get him out if anything happened, I wouldnt have been so devastated about leaving him behind. Maybe then I wouldnt have felt like such a failure. 
37. EXPENDABLE

HOWIE:

IT HAD BEEN ALMOST FOUR DAYS SINCE THEY LEFT ME on that rooftop. As I sat in the pitch black closet sized cell that The Strangers kept me in, I had to keep reminding myself that Reaper had made the only logical decision that he could have at the time. If he had moved against Charlie, Charlie would have shot me in the head. I knew he had made the right decision, but I still couldnt help but wonder why they hadnt come for me yet.
I was sure that Reapers density would allow him to survive the fall after he leapt from the rooftop; so where were they? Did he truly save Jason instead of me because it was the right decision, or was it because I was expendable?
Snap out of it, you idiot, I muttered, surprised at how feeble and dry my voice sounded. The Strangers were only providing me with food and water approximately once every 36 hours so I had grown quite weak by that point. I expected them to kill me, but instead I was whisked away and immediately thrown into that forsaken place. In the beginning I was hopeful, but as I withered away, inundated by the darkness within that cankered cell, the last few remnants of my hope finally gave way to my despair. 
In the movies, the clever heroes always figured out some ingenious way to escape. Unfortunately, for me it didnt always happen that way in real life. The only purpose my 229 IQ served was to help me come to grips with how desperately hopeless my situation truly was. I was running out of time and I had no idea if my savior was even coming for me. To make matters worseI didnt even know if he thought I was worth saving.
38. MASTERMIND

THE SUSPECT:

I NEVER EXPECTED THEM TO GET AS FAR AS THEY DID. Then again, even I couldnt have anticipated the Reaper variable. Who is he and why is he able to do the things that he can do? And most of all, why was he working with Howard Vargas?
I had to know. I had come too far to let some high school kid and a freak of nature derail my progress. The night vision equipped camera in the corner of Howard Vargas cell allowed me to watch him squirm in the darkness that beset him. He, like many before him, expected physical torture followed by a swift death, but my choice method of torture was always that of a psychological nature. 
Tango, my most skilled operative, watched me in silence from across the dark control room in which we sat. It was he who I had to thank for the apprehension of the prisoner. I had my doubts when The Righteous chose him as my second in command, but his presence had certainly paid its dividends. 
I was smarter than all of them, but I lacked the physical might to keep them in check forever. Without Tango, one of them was bound to challenge my rule at some point. With him at my side, my dominion over The Strangers went unquestioned.
Of course, I had considered the possibility of Tango making a play for my seat. At the end of the day, he was irrevocably a mercenary. His only true allegiance was to money and power. Sure, he was content for the moment due to the millions of dollars that The Righteous was paying him to serve as my second in command, but I could tell that he enjoyed power just as much as money. The Strangers were becoming more powerful by the day and I am certain he realized that.
I glanced at Tango, then back to the monitor. Fortunately for me, I knew his weakness. The Reaper and his partner were not quick enough to spot it, but I figured it out the moment I saw him. He was a thousand times more deadly than I, but if it came down to it, I knew exactly what to do to take him down. 

























39. LET HIM COME

HOWIE:

GOOD MORNING HOWARD. THE ELECRONICALLY DISTORTED voice rang out from the darkness above me as I lay still on the cold stone floor of my cell. There must be an intercom in the ceiling, I thought, as I pulled myself into the back corner of the tiny cell. I hadnt eaten in a little over a day so I was far too exhausted to attempt to stand.
Its afternoon; not morning, I finally replied as I rested my head against the wall. Minutes went by with no response. For a moment, I thought that I had possibly imagined the voice.
Impressive internal clock, Howard, the mysterious person finally replied over the intercom. After a moment, I realized that this was more than likely The Suspect.
Did you think I would lose track of time? I asked, forcing myself to laugh. Perhaps you were hoping I would become more desperate when you inevitably lied and told me how long I had been imprisoned here? I asked.
You look plenty desperate to me.
Im fine, I lied.
Its been five days, Howard. You know theyre not coming for you.
Its been four days. And yes, they are, I snapped. The room fell silent. His sporadic silence bothered me, but I refused to let him know his psychological game was working.
You might as well get it over with because you wont get a word out of me. I know youre only keeping me alive because you want to know why we came after you, I said.
A few more minutes of silence passed before he responded. 
I have kept you alive simply because I havent determined the most satisfying way to kill you. Do not delude yourself into thinking that you are of any importance to me.
You know Ive always wanted to try the firing squad. Hows that sound? I chuckled.
I was thinking more along the lines of starvation, he hissed. Im sure youve noticed that Ive systematically decreased the frequency in which we bring you food and water. The slice of bread you ate yesterday will likely be the last thing youll ever eat. 
I didnt reply. My stomach growled as if signifying the gravity of his diabolical words.
After you burn through your remaining body fat, your body will start to break down your muscles and use them for energy to keep your heart and nervous system functioning for a few more days. Good luck with the severe case of diarrhea that follows. You cant exactly crack a window in that cell.
He was a mad man. An absolutely, certifiable, mad man. It wasnt supposed to end like this, I thought. I was supposed to be out there making a difference, saving the world alongside Jason and Adam, not wasting away in a matchbox of a cell waiting for my body to eat itself.
In the end, you are left with two choices, Howard. You can resist and die face down in a pile of your own feces, or you tell me what I want to know and be granted a swift end.
What do you want from me? I grumbled.
Why did you attack my facility?
It wasnt an attack. It was a rescue mission. We came for the girl but we didnt know that she had joined The Strangers. The media gave the impression that she was kidnapped.
Of course, they did. They cant have the world knowing that the daughter of a prominent Senator joined what they believe to be a terrorist organization.
We dont simply believe that youre terrorists. You are terrorists!
Then what of the peoples say? To them, were heroes. To them, our work is righteous.
Are you kidding me? Youre no hero. Youre just a puppet and theres no difference between you and any other megalomaniacal failure from the past. Ive watched you sow your insidious seeds of deceit while claiming to serve a righteous cause since the first day you logged on to that chat room three years ago. You may have fooled the public, but youll never fool me. I know a terrorist when I see one.
Then what does that make you, Howard Vargas? Its your program that we used to disable the cellular grid during the Fox Valley State operation. In fact, your program is the very reason we were able to move forward with my plans to go militant. In short, you are just as responsible for the lives that we have taken as I am.
I didnt know that people would die! You never said anything about that! I yelled.
Spare me the worthless, plausible deniability defense, will you? You had to have known! Thats why you left us, remember? You went from being a full time contributor to contracting once I began my movement because you werent willing to sully your pretty little hands. But that didnt stop you from taking the contract to create that program, did it?
I needed the money! My family needed the money! I shouted.
Was that money so much more important to you than the lives of the people you knew we would kill? And you call me the bad guy? I do what I do out of a sense of purpose and servitude. I kill in order to set the example for those who dare to repeat the mistakes of the ones that we chose to sacrifice. You kill in order to score a cheap buck!
Its not true! I am not the same as you, I sobbed. But it was true. I had taken a contract from one of my former Stranger contacts about a year before the first attack. He wanted me to create a program that could temporarily disable cell phone towers and land lines within a fifty-mile radius. At the time, I truly didnt consider what they could have been planning to use it for, but now I knew that there was no way they could have executed their attacks without my program. The Suspect was right. I was responsible for every life that they had taken, even Adams older brother, PJ. I was far too dehydrated to produce tears as I continued to sob, but my despair was no less potent.
Who is The Reaper? The Suspect demanded.
Hes your worst nightmare, I growled. I was light-headed and my body felt like it was about to shut down again, but I fought hard to stay conscious.
If you dont tell me what I want to know your, home and your school will be the next places that we attack. I invite you to consider the hundreds of lives you will be sacrificing in order to protect one man.
You should prepare yourself. I dont know if hes coming for me or not, but I know for a fact that hes coming for you, I said as I collapsed to the cold concrete floor and slipped out of consciousness.
Let him come, The Suspect replied, just before my world faded to black.







40. WELL ILL BE

CHARLIE:

TANGO AND I HAD WORKED TOGETHER ON A LOT OF JOBS in the past, but this one definitely took the cake. The whole Stranger business had turned out to be a lot more fun than I thought it would be when Tango first brought me on board. As far as pay was concerned, I wasnt pulling down as much scratch as my buddy Tango, but my share was definitely nothing to sneeze at.
Before then, I had never exclusively committed my talents to just one outfit, but between how much fun I was having and how much money I was makin, I didnt see a reason to go anywhere else any time soon. Heck, I had gotten so used to wearing that red Comedy mask on my face that half the time I didnt even realize I had it on. I always thought it was funny how the more you do something, the more numb you become to it.
I suppose thats why I didnt notice him at first. I had done so much surveillance without ever getting any action that sometimes I just plumb forgot to actually look.
You planning on sitting there in the shadows all night, Hoss? I thought to myself as I slowly placed my favorite black cowboy hat on my head and continued to stare at the computer screen in front of me. I kept my back turned and pretended not to notice when a dark figure dressed in all-black emerged from the shadows behind me.
I slid my right hand down to the .44 magnum revolver holstered on my right hip as the intruder stealthily made his way across the dimly lit control room.
Not one for jaw jackin I see, I thought as the cold steel on my hip called out to my hand. My trigger finger was home at last as I swiftly pulled the pistol from my hip and squeezed the trigger, ripping a bullet over my shoulder without even bothering to look behind me. The room fell completely dark as the bullet shattered the light above us.
I whipped around and brandished my steel just as the mysterious figure pounced at me. I smiled as I recognized the Spade painted over his mask.
Well Ill be... Nice to see ya again, Hoss, I chimed as I squeezed the trigger.

























41. GODSEND

HOWIE:

A SOFT THUD FROM BEYOND THE DARKNESS PULLED ME back into consciousness. I frantically looked around, searching for an indication of where I was. It all slowly came back to me as I peered into the blackness before me. 
I could tell that I had been unconscious for several hours as I attempted to stand. Another thud from beyond the walls of my personal prison stopped me in my tracks. I had been held captive there for nearly five days by that point and in that timeframe, there was never so much as a peep from beyond the walls of my cell.
I placed my hands alongside the walls and felt my way over to the locked exit. I pressed my ear against the solid steel door and listened. To my surprise, the cold steel was actually quite soothing to the hunger headache that I had developed.
The next thud was much closer than the others. Whats going on out there? I wondered as I continued to listen. As if to answer my question, the sound of automatic gunfire suddenly rang out. I hurriedly backed away from the door as the lights flickered on just outside of my cell. My eyes had not seen a single photon of light in almost a week by that point. Therefore, the bits of light that seeped in through the corners of the door were absolutely blinding.
Stand your ground, men! We cant let him near the prisoner! someone shouted from just beyond my cell. My heart throbbed frenetically as I realized that my team had come for me at last.
Here he comes! someone yelled and I heard a barrage of gunfire and other commotion ring out as my cell started to violently shake as if it was suddenly thrust into the middle of an earthquake.
I pressed my body against the back wall as something large suddenly slammed against the door of my cell. I sank deeper into the back of the room as another thundering impact shook the entire cell and caved the door in.
A wave of blinding light poured into the cell as the door was suddenly ripped from its hinges. I squinted and stared at the dark figure standing before me, immersed in a blanket of brilliant white light like an angel emerging from the heavens surrounded by its holy aura.
My eyes had not yet adjusted to the point where I could focus well, but I knew it was Adam. I knew that The Reaper had come for me.



















42. ALPHA MALE

REAPER:

I TOSSED THE CRUMPLED DOOR ASIDE AND STARED DOWN at Howie. It hurt to see how terrible he looked. As I peered at him through the tinted visor of my Reaper gasmask, I could tell that he hadnt showered in days and his lips were completely dry and cracking as he attempted to speak. 
I kneeled beside him and placed my hand on his right shoulder. Its okay, Howie. Youre safe now, I said as I hugged him. He attempted to return my embrace with his right arm but didnt appear to have enough energy, as his arm fell to the floor. 
Im sorry, Howie, I muttered, holding back tears, I shouldnt have left you.
Its okay, he whispered, his voice barely audible. 
Ill make them pay for this, Howie. I swear to God Ill make them pay!
Just get me out of here, he said as he began to shiver.
Absolutely, I replied. I heard several footsteps behind me as I took off my long black trench coat and placed it around Howies shoulders in order to keep him warm.
I had nearly demolished the entire room beyond Howies cell when I ambushed The Strangers that were guarding him. As I peered over my shoulder, I saw that amongst the rubble and unconscious bodies now stood four more Strangers. Three of them had M16s aimed at us, but they werent the ones that I was worried about. The fourth Stranger was gigantic. He stood nearly seven feet tall and had to weigh over 400 pounds. Despite his size, he didnt appear to have an ounce of fat on him. I knew who he was. Howie had shown Jason and I profiles on all of the Stranger officers during the preparation for our last mission. This mountain of muscle was the Stranger officer known as Alpha. He wore the same black body armor and expressionless white mask as the other Strangers, but he was almost three times their size.
This doesnt end well, Reaper, Alpha grumbled in an incredibly deep voice, Stand down or my men will shoot.
Youve got one chance to get the heck outta my way. Im not gonna ask again, I growled as I balled my gloved hands into tight fists.
We have you dead to rights, Reaper. Theres no way you can win this! Alpha barked.
I want you to remember something, Alpha. When theyre lying on the floor, crippled and pissing blood and youre crouching in the corner praying that the same thing doesnt happen to youjust remember that I gave you a chance to walk away.
Alright then, Alpha said darkly as he looked to his gunmen. Kill them both.
In a blur, I grabbed the crumpled metal door from the floor and held it before me, shielding Howie and me from the onslaught of automatic gunfire.
Ive located the package, Ace! But Ive got my hands full at the moment. I may be a few minutes late! I yelled as the bullets continued to ricochet off the steel door. 
10-4! Same here! I heard Jason shout through my earpiece. He sounded like he was under duress, but I couldnt worry about him at that moment. Saving Howie was my number one priority.
With the battered door still held before me, I planted my feet and launched myself toward my attackers. Alpha dove out of the way as I slammed into the smaller Strangers and knocked them unconscious. Alpha and I wrestled for control of the door before I yanked it away from his grasp and tossed it aside.
As I glared up at him, I realized that he looked even bigger up close. He was easily three times my size in terms of volume, but technically I outweighed him by about 400 pounds. I held my fists ready as he rotated his head and stretched his bulging neck muscles. My heart rate increased as he pulled his tree trunk sized arms in front of him and struck an aggressive stance. 
We leapt at each other in unison, but he pulled his head slightly to the right, causing my fist to zoom by without hitting its mark. He jabbed me hard in the stomach before I could get my guard up. I wasnt ready for that. I wasnt ready at all. If I had been holding my stomach tighter, I could have easily taken the blow, but I was so focused on knocking him out with one punch that I left myself completely open to his counterattack. Alpha was easily capable of generating well over 2000 pounds of force with his punches, so even with my dense molecular composition, I was vulnerable if I wasnt tightening my stomach.
The wind rushed from my lungs as I stumbled backward, reeling from what felt like a stick of dynamite exploding inside my stomach. As I tried desperately to catch my breath, he bull-rushed me and tackled me to the ground. This may take a little longer than I anticipated, I thought as I fought to defend myself against Alphas raining haymakers.






43. THE FAT LADY

CHARLIE:

I WAS MADDER THAN AN ALBINO TRYIN TO HITCHHIKE IN a snowstorm. For the first time in my life, I was down to my last two bullets. I never carried much ammunition because, frankly, I never really needed much. Almost every bullet that had ever ripped out of the Fat Ladys barrel ended up somewhere, in somebodys pumpkin. But not that day. Ol Ace of Spades had managed to either dodge or deflect just about every shot that Id fired at him. 
I couldnt believe how fast that little sucker was. Its no wonder he was able to tag Tango so many times on that rooftop. Dont get me wrong, Tango still ended up puttin a few lumps on his head big enough to need their own birth certificates, but I still had to give the kid his due. Before then, I had never even seen Tango take so much as a punch in a fight. 
The room was dead silent and still completely dark, but I knew he was still breathing. Ol Ace had dove to cover behind a control panel across the room from me after I fired my last shot. There was no way I was about to walk over so he could hop out and stick me with that sword of his.
You still kickin over there, Hoss? I yelled.
Why dont you come over and find out! he shouted, his voice distorted by his mask.
I gotta say, Hoss. Youre a lot better than I gave you credit for. After watching Tango tear into you and your partner like a hobo on a couple of ham sandwiches, I thought for sure youd be nothing more than a light snack for me.
Tango will get his!
Is that a fact? I asked.
Thats a promise, he replied.
Well thatll be the day. What do you say we go ahead and get this over with, Hoss? Ol Charlies gettin tired of waiting.
What kind of a fool do you take me for? he demanded.
I walked over and opened a nearby exit, letting the light from outside spill into the room.
Are you giving up? Ace yelled.
Course not. Just settin the stage, Hoss.
Setting what stage?
Hoss, Ill level with you. Im down to my last two bullets and before now, I aint never missed so many damn shots in my life. I s'pose I've got you and that fancy sword of yours to thank for it.
Youre welcome, he quipped.
Now we can keep hangin here like a couple of loose teeth or you can take me up on my offer and get this thing over with.
What are you talking about? Ace asked, skeptically. I smiled because I knew that I had him. He wouldnt have even bothered to ask a question if he wasnt interested in hearing what I had to say.
You blocked just about every one of my shots with that toothpick of yours so I figure youre pretty good with that sorta thang, huh?
Damn right I am! he boasted.
Well, Hoss I gotta tell ya, if you and me squared off one last time, Id bet my last bullet that I can slide one by that butter knife of yours and plug you right in the chest. The room fell silent as he considered my offer.
What are you saying? Ace finally asked.
Im saying you and me should have us a good ol fashioned show down, Hoss. Now, Ive got two bullets left. You take a stand and Ill rip one at ya. If I hit my mark, thatll be the end of it, but if you somehow manage to block it with that piece of scrap metal, Ill plug myself with the second bullet.
Not a chance! he scoffed.
Stakes too high for you, Hoss? I demanded. I thought you said you were good!
How do I know you wont try to shoot me as soon as I stand? he questioned.
Without hesitation, I tossed my revolver across the room and over the control panel that he hid behind. There ya go, Hoss. I cant shoot without a gun, now can I? Now you just walk on out and toss it back and well get this thing settled.
What's stopping you from pulling another gun as soon as I walk out?
Hoss, I aint never needed a second gun and that aint about to change.
He didnt move or reply for about thirty seconds. I smiled when he finally emerged from his hiding spot, holding my gun in his right hand and his sword in his left. Even with the light spilling in from outside the room, his jet-black ninja armor made him almost invisible against the countless shadows that surrounded him.
I took off my black hat and removed my red theatre mask and tossed it aside. I suppose youre thinking about just shootin me yourself and getting it over with, huh? I asked as I placed my hat back on my head.
Id rather watch you do it, he said confidently as he tossed the gun back to me and took a step forward into the stream of light that cut through the room. I caught the pistol with my right hand and stared at it.
Betty, Brutus, Big Iron, Boss Hawg, Dallas, Hand Cannon, and Mrs. Jackson. These were just a few of the names that I had come to know my daddys gun by. She had earned many names during my lifetime but my favorite was always The Fat Lady.
Thats what Pop used to call her.
Nearly every ballad she had ever sung meant the end for some poor soul. It was now down to the last song but the target in front of me was somehow still standing.
Either way it goes, its over for one of us, I thought as I aimed for his chest. He pulled his sword in front of him and held it with both hands.
He didnt flinch as I started to spin my gun on my right index finger. I thought for sure Id get him to at least move an inch or two but he just stood there as still as a statue.
Here goes everything, I thought as I dove to the right, still spinning the gun with my right hand. Suddenly, there seemed to be nothing in the room except for him and me. Nothing else in the building. Nothing else in the world.
Still outstretched and in midair, I caught the handle of my spinning revolver and squeezed the trigger. Ace twirled his sword in a figure eight motion as the bullet ripped through the air.
The song was beautiful. I had fired my gun just before I hit the ground. I thought the upward angle of the bullets path would give him hell for sure, but I was wrong. Dead wrong. Not only did Ace deflect the bullet, but he knocked the sucker right back at me. To my surprise, a piece of the bullet whizzed a few inches over my head before hitting the wall behind me.
He didnt gloat like I thought he would. The son of a gun had just done what no other man on Gods green earth could lay claim to and he actually had the audacity to be humble about it.
As I stood to face him, all of a sudden my face was hotter than two hamsters fartin in a wool sock. He didnt say much. He just walked over to the exit, then paused and looked over his shoulder to make sure Id hold up my end of the deal. The reality of my failure hit me like a kick in the gut. As I stared down at my fathers gun, I couldnt help but feel that I wasnt even worthy of it anymore. Heck, if Pop had been there to watch me squeeze off eleven shots and not hit my mark once, he probably would have cheered me on as I swallowed that last bullet. 
Well alright then, Hoss. I guess a deals a deal, I said as I placed the barrel of the Fat Lady under my chin. He nodded his head and turned to exit, which is exactly what I was hoping he would do. I knew that Pop was probably watchin and, he wouldnt like it very much, but I had no intentions on keeping my word.
Ace paused as I aimed the Fat Lady at the back of his head.
What do you say we go double or nothin Hoss? I asked.
And how do you supposed we do that? he replied without facing me.
Well, I figure your back being turned gives me double the chances of pluggin you with this here last bullet and from where Im standing, theres nothing you can do about it.
I heard several footsteps hurriedly approach from just outside the room as he stood in silence. The cavalry has arrived, I thought as I thumbed the hammer of my pistol down. I had wondered what was taking them so long to respond.
You would go back on your word? Ace demanded, still facing away from me.
Alls fair in love and war, Hoss, I replied as I squeezed the trigger.
Nothing happened. I squeezed again, then a third time, and a fourth, but no matter how many times I squeezed, that last bullet never came ripping out of the barrel.
Son of a gun! I shouted before popping open my gun, checking for my last bullet. A feeling of humiliation washed over me as I realized that the gun was empty.
Looking for this? Ace asked as he displayed my last bullet with his right hand. That sucker must have removed it before he threw my gun back over to me.
Well played, Hoss. Well played. Its almost a shame that our little game here has to end. I dont know if you heard the footsteps, but boys are right outside.
Youre right, they are. Just not the boys that you were expecting, he said. 
Moments later, armed men dressed in black tactical combat gear poured into the room. He was right; these weren't the boys that I expected. These were feds. 
It hurt like hell to watch them take the Fat Lady away as they slapped the cuffs on me. As much as it pained me to have been bested, I couldnt help but feel a sense of respect for ol Ace. 
Hey Ace, I called out, just as he was about to leave. He paused and glanced over his shoulder.
Now, I know I didnt hold up my end of the bargain as far as our bet goes, but I will give you a piece of advice instead. If you ever see Tango again, you make sure you do two things: run and watch for the right.
He lingered for a few seconds before exiting the room without replying. I wasnt sure if he really knew what I meant, but a part of me still felt like I had sold out my buddy Tango. Funny thing is, another part of me felt like I owed the kid. Either way, that bit of information I gave him certainly wasnt gonna single-handedly win him the fight. It would definitely keep him alive, but winning the fight was up to him. I just wished I could have been there when they finally squared off again.
44. SUPER HUMAN

REAPER:

ALPHA SLUGGED ME HARD IN THE FACE WITH HIS RIGHT. I took the punch in stride and quickly returned the favor. We stood toe to toe in the center of the room, trading crushing blows for several minutes.
My body armor and dense composition made it easy for me to absorb his blows, but it was difficult for me to land any good shots to his face because he was so much taller than me. Each time I hit him, he would pull his head backward or to the side upon impact, which lessened the effect of my punches. 
He finally caught me off-guard with a powerful right-handed uppercut that clicked my teeth together and sent me stumbling backward. He leapt forward with his arms outstretched, not wanting to allow me time to recover. That's when I saw my opening. He was remarkably quick for his size but his crushing uppercut had released an adrenaline rush that had given me added focus. As he soared at me with his arms outstretched, his ribs were completely exposed.
I stepped forward and fired a vicious right-handed hook into his rib cage. A sickening crunch rang out as my fist slammed against his torso. His knees buckled, but he somehow managed to maintain his footing. He was still standing, but he was writhing in pain as he doubled over and clutched his left side with both hands. 
I rushed forward to finish him, but he quickly dove to the ground and executed a swift single leg take-down before I could react. He seemed to have caught a second wind as he pounced and wrapped his python sized arms around my neck and fell on top of me as soon as I hit the floor. The hold was extremely tight, which made it very difficult for me to breath. I connected with a few wild punches that I blindly threw up at him, but the 400-pound beast of a man that rode my back refused to release the hold.
I could hear my heartbeat echoing as he tightened his grip even more. Get up! I screamed inside of my head. Get up you idiot! An elbow to his broken ribs loosened his grip just long enough for me to pull my hands under me. I pressed hard against the floor and pushed my body upward along with the massive assailant that still clung to me for dear life. He tried to use his weight to drag me down but he couldnt stop me from climbing to my feet. A deadly piggyback ride ensued as Alphas entire body was lifted into the air as I stood.
Brightly colored spots appeared in my field of vision as Alpha maintained his iron grip around my neck. I stumbled over and forcefully slammed him against a wall behind me, but he still would not relent.
I can't get him off, I thought, as I fell to my knees due to the lack of oxygen. I could feel blood trickling out of my nose as the sound of my heartbeat echoing in my head began to slow. You can't give up! Howie needs you! I shouted to myself. 
As Alpha continued to choke the life out of me, I glanced over at Howie's cell. He was sprawled across the floor completely motionless. He didn't have much time left and the only thing stopping me from getting him the medical treatment that he needed was the man on my back. 
I gathered the dwindling strength that remained within me and threw it all into one massive elbow strike against Alphas broken ribs. He finally broke the hold long enough for me to suck in a deep gust of precious air. 
Just hang in there, Howie, I thought as I pulled my feet under me and leapt upward with Alpha still clinging to me. His head snapped back and slammed against the tile as we crashed into the ceiling above us. As we fell to the floor, his death grip loosened, and I grabbed his right arm and hurled him across the room. I heaved for air as he crashed against the wall and fell to the floor.
Stay down, I barked as he angrily slammed his fists against the floor. It must have really pissed him off that I was so much smaller than him yet so much stronger.
He pushed against the wall with his right foot and broke into a surprisingly swift sprint. I clinched my right fist as he barreled toward me.
We threw our punches at the same time. He aimed for my head but I had aimed for his fist.
I said, stay down! I roared.
A shockwave ripped through his flesh as our fists collided and his forearm snapped under the pressure of my crushing blow. I stood over him as he fell to his knees screaming in excruciating pain. 
I had warned him to walk away and he didnt listen. Now he was going to pay for his mistake. I didnt care that the bone was protruding from his forearm. It didnt matter that he was already beaten. They had started when they kidnapped Howie, and I was going to finish. I snapped his head around with a swift right cross, sending him crashing to the floor. 
Reaper! Stand down! a voice in my head yelled. I ignored the voice and pounced on top of Alpha before he could scramble away. We had come full circle as I was now the one on top of him raining down earth shattering punches as he fought desperately to shield himself.
The fight in him died a bit more with each bone crunching strike that I landed. Blood poured from beneath his mask as my left hand slammed against his head. His body fell limp as I drew back my right fist.
Reaper, stand down! Repeat! Stand down! This is Special Agent Mike Wells! Do you copy! shouted the voice in my head. But this wasnt my conscious. It was Special Agent Wells. It was his information and his men that we had used to find Howie and secure the facility where The Strangers were holding him. I was thankful for his help, but as far as I was concerned, he was still in no position to give me orders.
What do you mean, stand down? This is the enemy! I barked.
Hes one of us, Reaper! I told you I had people on the inside. Where do you think I got Echos location from? Agent Wells replied.
Youre lying! Youre working with them arent you?! I shouted.
Dammit Reaper, get a hold of yourself! Alpha is one of my agents. And hes a damn good one at that. Id like to get him back in one piece if its all the same to you.
I didnt know what to think. I was angry and confused. I still didnt trust him, but something told me that he was telling the truth. I finally stood and stared down at the broken warrior at my feet.
Is he dead? Wells asked.
No.
Good, Ill have my men extract him along with the rest of The Strangers that we captured. Grab Echo and get the hell out of there. Theres a helicopter waiting for you on the roof.
I rushed over and picked up Howie. He was weak, but I was relieved to see that he was still breathing.
Alright. Im coming up, I said.
Ill see you in a few, Wells replied.
I was grateful to have found Howie, but I couldnt help but feel like I had sold my soul to the devil in order to do so. Without Wells, we would have never found him. I didnt promise him that I would help him go after The Righteous, but I knew that ultimately he would expect something in return. 
Maybe I did owe him, but I wasnt ready to give up my pursuit of The Strangers just yet. I couldnt stop until it was over. I couldnt stop until I felt The Suspects neck snap beneath my fingers.




















45. CHOICES


THE HELICOPTER TOOK US TO AN UNMARKED BUILDING somewhere on the outskirts of Knightsville. It appeared to be uninhabited, but as we approached, I could tell that it was some kind of government black site. 
Inside, they immediately rushed Howie away to receive medical treatment. I was relieved to have found him, but I couldnt rest easy until I knew if he was going to make a full recovery or not. I couldnt help but feel responsible. No matter how much I had tried to convince myself that I did the right thing when I saved Jason instead of him, I couldnt shake the feeling of guilt that was grinding away at me.
After we changed out of our combat gear, two of Agent Wells' men debriefed Jason and me for around thirty minutes. When that was done, we were finally taken to the first floor of the building in order to see Howie. He was asleep in a hospital bed by the time we walked into his room. Jason and I stood beside his bed and stared at him in silence. He still looked a lot thinner than usual but I was glad to see that a bit of his color had returned.
I'm sorry, Howie, I muttered.
This isnt your fault, Reaper, Jason said.
Yes it is. I shouldnt have left him, I replied without taking my eyes off of Howie.
You're the reason he's alive, Reaper. You saved him. You saved both of us.
Yeah well, if I hadn't left him on that rooftop I wouldn't have had to save him. If it wasn't for Agent Wells, we probably never would have found him. What if he had refused to help us?
And why would he do that? Jason asked.
Because I refused to help him. When they took me from 3D that day, Wells all but demanded that I abandon my pursuit of The Strangers and help him go after The Righteous. He wanted us to back off of The Strangers because they had men on the inside, but of course I didnt listen. Maybe I should have. If I had listened to him, then I wouldnt have almost gotten Howie killed and I wouldnt be indebted to him for helping us save him either.
All that matters is that Howie is safe. If that comes at a price, then well just have to pay it together, Adam. For as long as I'm alive, you never have to take on anything alone. Youve got to stop beating yourself up about leaving Howie behind. If you didn't do what you did, Tango would have killed us both and then they would have killed Howie. Without you, wed both be dead. I dont blame you for what happened to us, and Im sure Howie feels the same way.
I wonder what he's thinking, I said quietly as my feelings of guilt began to melt away due to Jasons kind words.
He's wishing you two princesses would keep it down so he can get some sleep, Howie muttered, unexpectedly. We all laughed at Howie's surprising joke as he opened his eyes and lifted his head slightly. 
You can get all the sleep you want, buddy. Youve earned it, Jason replied.
Im pretty sure that Ive gotten enough sleep for all of us over the last four days, Howie smirked as he sat up in his bed.
It's good to have you back, Howie, I chimed.
It's good to be back. Thanks for coming back for me.
I never should have left you in the first place. I never-
Dammit, Reaper, there is nothing to apologize for. You could only save one of us, and you made the right decision. Your chances of saving Jason were significantly greater than your chances of saving me. I'm not bitter at you for leaving me. If anything, I'm the one who should apologize.
What are you talking about, Howie? You almost died! I replied.
And it would have been my fault if I did. I did this, Adam. Im the reason they went militant. Im the reason that PJ died.
It was still hard to hear PJs name even though some time had passed since his death. 
I dont understand, I muttered, choking back tears.
Howie dropped his head in shame. I took a contract job from The Strangers a year before the attack on Fox Valley State. They needed a program. I didnt know how they were going to use it, but I shouldve said no. I shouldve-
What does this have to do with PJ? My voice came out a lot harsher than I intended it to sound.
The program can temporarily disable cell phone towers and land lines for up to a fifty mile radius. Its the perfect tool for a terrorist attack. If I had said no, they wouldnt have been able to move forward with their plans to go militant. I did this, Adam. Im the reason they all died.
I turned my back to Howie and Jason as tears welled in the corners of my eyes. I took a deep breath to compose myself and wiped the tears away.
Adam, Im sorry, Howie said from behind me.
Its fine, I lied but it was obvious that the memories of my older brother were raging throughout my mind, triggering the same emotions I felt on the day that I received the news that he was killed.
We have to stop him, Adam. We have to stop him before he strikes again.
Youre damn right we do, I said as I turned and rejoined Jason at Howies bedside.
No, you dont understand. We have to stop him now. He threatened to attack my family and blow up our school because I didnt reveal your identity.
Your family is safe. Agent Wells moved them to protective custody three days ago.
Protective custody? Where exactly are they? When will I get to see them? Howie asked.
You just worry about getting well, Echo. Agents Wells voice rang out from behind us. He was standing in the entrance of the room wearing his standard issue black suit and dark sunglasses. 
Your family is being guarded around the clock by some of my best men. Theyll be fine.
What about the school? Jason asked.
We dealt The Strangers a crippling blow tonight. I doubt their forces are strong enough to organize another attack any time soon, but well look into it anyway, Wells replied, nonchalantly.
Lets hope youre right, Howie muttered.
I usually am, Wells smirked as he turned his attention to me. Reaper, if youd care to join me, Id like to discuss a few things with you.
Sure, I said as I nodded at Jason and Howie and walked over to join him.
Here to collect my soul, I thought begrudgingly as the two of us exited the room.

MINUTES LATER WE SAT AT A CONFERENCE TABLE IN A room on the opposite side of the facility. The large glass table dominated the center of the moderate sized room.
You want anything to drink? Soda? Water? Beer maybe? Wells asked.
Im 16, I grumbled.
Alright, sport. Fair enough, Wells replied as he leaned back in his comfortable office chair. So have you had enough time to reconsider my offer? 
You cant expect me to just forget about The Suspect.
Hes a small fish, Reaper. You have to forget about him.
He killed my brother! I shouted, slamming my fists down on the table as I spoke. Deep cracks in the glass spread outward around each fist.
Wells stood and glared at me. This isnt just about you anymore, kid! Do you understand that? While youre wasting time trying to satisfy your piddling vendetta, people are out there dying. People that only you have to power to save.
Im just a kid! I fumed.
Tell that to the 400-pound soldier that you put in a body cast earlier!
That wasnt my fault! He attacked first. And you should have told me that he was working for you!
It was your fault! You deviated from the plan! You were supposed to use stealth, not force! He had to attack when you came barreling in like a wild rhino, otherwise he would have blown his cover! Look, you have to grow up, son, and youve got to do it quickly. Sooner or later youre not going to have much of a choice.
I stood and glared into his eyes. Are you threatening me? I asked.
If I was threatening you, you wouldn't have to ask. But I am not the enemy, Adam. The Righteous is the real threat and if we cant stop him, this country and everything that you know and love is finished. Do you understand that? This isnt some game that you can decide to pick up and participate in later. We need to move on this and we needed to do it yesterday.
What makes me so special? Why cant you just use the Army or the Navy or something?
He paused for a moment before replying. You have a particular set of skills that we believe will be very effective against our enemy, he said carefully.
How do you even know about what I can do? What arent you telling me?
I can't tell you that right now. Youre still a civilian and it's classified, he said firmly. 
Then I cant help you. Ive got a reason to go after The Suspect. He's real to me. The Righteous is nothing more than a fairytale.
If you need a reason, I'll give you two. The Righteous is the reason why you are the way you are and he's also the reason she's dead.
He caught me off guard with that. Whose death had he been responsible for and why did Wells think it would compel me to join his cause? And how could The Righteous, a person whom I didnt even believe to be real, be responsible for my condition?
Wh-what are you talking about? Who are you talking about? I demanded.
I could have sworn that Wells eyes were tearing up as he suddenly turned his back to me. Forget it. I shouldn't have said anything. It's classified.
You can't expect me to just forget that! What aren't you telling me?! How much do you know about my past?
Sorry, sport, but I've got to run. Ill be in touch, though.
You can't just leave after that! I shouted after him, but Wells didn't reply as he hurriedly exited the room.








46. LEXINGTON
 http://youtu.be/sPHxLFJyPwk

BESIDES HOWIE AND HIS FAMILY BEING PLACED IN PROTECTIVE custody, things were surprisingly normal for the next two weeks. Each day I expected The Strangers to barge into our school with guns blazing, but they never came. Jason and I brought our combat gear to school every day just in case they did, but it was starting to look like Wells was right about them being too weak to attack again after we captured so many of their men.
I finally decided to take advantage of that sliver of normalcy and spend some quality time with Monica before things got crazy again. As far as she knew, I was still working on renovating 3D with Jason and Howie, which was taking up most of my time. She was surprisingly cool about not seeing or hearing from me as much, so naturally I felt even guiltier about misleading her. I offered to make up for my absence with a trip to Lake Victoria, which she gladly accepted. 
When we arrived that evening, the lake was crowded, but as the sun set and the moon climbed higher into sky, the crowd dissipated and only the two of us remained.
We lay beside each other on beach towels, staring up into the night sky as the darkness changed Lake Victoria. The river of fog that drifted above her blackened waters gave way to an elegant yet much more ominous version of her.
It was hard not to think about PJ. The flickering stars that littered the inky-black sky above reminded me of him. He and I used to stargaze all the time when we were young. But that was before his rebellious phase. That was before The Strangers took him away from me.
Whats on your mind? Monica suddenly asked.
Nothing, Im just taking in the scenery, I lied.
You looked like you were deep in thought to me, she replied. She didnt come right out and accuse me of lying, but I could tell that she knew that I was holding back. It amazed me how well she knew me despite having not really known me for that long.
Youre right, I responded, I was thinking about my brother. Im sorry.
Youve got nothing to be sorry about. I understand if it still hurts. I still think about my father all the time. Her voice cracked as she mentioned her father.
My stomach turned as the guilt I felt for not saving him surfaced. I didnt respond. I knew that if I did, I would either continue to lie to her about his death or confess the truth and risk losing her forever and I wasnt prepared to do either at the time.
Instead of the stars, she was looking at me when I glanced at her. The cool breeze that enveloped us gently blew her raven hair out of her face as she lay still in the glistening sand. Even the stars above paled in comparison to the beauty that lay before me in that moment.
What made you think about your brother? she asked.
The stars. We used to stargaze together all the time. PJ would often slip away at night and lie on top of the old broken down van in our backyard and stare at the sky. After a while, I decided to join him. We never really spoke to each other while we did it. Wed just lie there in silence listening to the crickets and looking at the stars overhead. I did it mainly because I enjoyed spending the time with my big brother. But for him, I could tell that it was more than just that. I could tell he did it because he wanted to leave. I looked to the sky once more as a cool breeze swept over us.
He wanted to leave home? Monica asked.
We both wanted that, but that wasnt it for PJ. He wanted to leave Earth altogether. He had that look in his eyes, you know? I could tell that when he looked out there, it wasnt simply because he enjoyed the view. It was because he wanted to actually go there.
Why do you think he wanted to leave?
Why wouldnt he want to leave? We were miserable in that house. 
What about you? Did you ever think about leaving us troublesome earthlings behind?
I definitely thought about leaving Lexington, Florida behind, I said as I gazed in her eyes. But I wasnt as imaginative as PJ. I never really thought about leaving Earth.
Do you think theres anything out there?
Anythings possible, I guess. Its a big universe. What about you? Do you think anythings out there? I asked.
She was silent for a few moments before replying. 
Im not telling, she finally said.
Why not? I asked.
Because youll think Im crazy. Thats why, she playfully shot back. She refused to make eye contact as I sat up and looked down at her. 
I just told you that I think there may be something out there. What makes you think Ill call you crazy for thinking the same thing? I questioned.
You wouldnt understand, she muttered.
Try me, I coaxed, curious as to what was on her mind.
Well, like I said, youre gonna think Im crazy, but the reason I believe that there are other planets with life is because Ive seen one.
I was tempted to laugh at her remarks, but I held it in when I realized that she didnt appear to be joking.
I had these dreamswhen I was much younger, about a planet called Eden. There was this song that was always playing. It was such a beautiful songplayed by instruments the likes of which Ive never seen or heard of here on Earth. Each night Id fall asleep here, but Id awaken worlds away as the sound of that melody would pull me out of my sleep. I was always standing in the center of this sort of palace surround by thousands of strangely dressed people. I remember the massive marble walls that surrounded us seeming to glow in the brilliant silvery light of the moons that shined through the crystal ceiling above. The people that surrounded me were all looking to the sky, but they werent staring at the enormous full moons that hung high overhead. They were focused on a massive starship that was descending upon us. She finally trailed off into silence while she continued to stare at the stars.
I didnt know what to say or think. Hearing her talk about that dream as though it was real was honestly a little weird to me, but I kept reminding myself of how vivid my own recurring nightmare was. As I stared at her in silence, I could tell that there was probably much more to the dream than she was telling me.
What happened next? I finally asked.
Then Id wake up, she whispered. But I knew it was more than just a dream. It was far too vivid. It just felt entirely too real. And even though I had never been there before outside of my dream, it all somehow seemed familiar.
Thats interesting, I said as laid down beside her and pulled her into my arms. If it is real, maybe well go there someday.
I felt her body grow tense for a fraction of a second before she relaxed. It was odd that instead of replying, she just laid there in my arms with her eyes closed. I wanted to ask her more about her dream, but I could tell that something about it was bothering her. Instead, I continued to hold her and marvel at the ocean of stars above as they glimmered and winked down at me like the scatted embers of a dying fire. 
As their beauty seemingly called out to me, I suddenly realized that leaving Lexington and Earth behind didnt seem like such a bad idea. I had never truly found happiness in that city and I didnt think much would change anywhere else in the world. As I lay there, stroking Monicas hair and listening to the sound of her breathing, I knew that the only thing anchoring me to that place was the goddess that I held within my arms.























47. PRIORITY


AS THE PASSING WEEKS TURNED INTO MONTHS, MY LIFE became a blur, and I became consumed by the frustration brought on by the constant anticipation of the impending Stranger attack on our school that never came. 
Howie was still in protective custody, so I couldnt rely on him for any leads as to The Suspects whereabouts, and when it came to the investigative side of our operation, Jason and I were virtually useless. With Howie out of the picture, our quest to bring down The Suspect and The Strangers had become nothing more than an afterthought. 
To make matters worse, I couldnt shake the feeling that things were going exactly as Agent Wells had planned. After all, he wanted me to give up my pursuit of The Suspect and focus on his mission. By putting Howie in protective custody, he had effectively taken away the brains of our operation and left Ace and me practically shooting in the dark.
As Jason and I sat in 3D, it had been almost sixty days since we last saw or spoke with Howie. We had abandoned our extracurricular vigilante crime fighting because neither of us wanted to take the chance of hitting the streets without Echo monitoring the nearby police activity. Our days mostly consisted of going to school, then meeting at 3D afterward in order to attempt to monitor Stranger activity online. There was a lot of talk and rumors, but there hadnt been another Stranger attack or a threat from The Suspect since we rescued Howie. Things were quiet but I was smart enough to know that that didnt necessarily mean that they were finished. Something told me that they were rebuilding their forces and waiting for the right time to strike. I knew that we needed Howie back in order to find them and hit them before they got the chance.
Have you tried calling him? Jason asked. I stared blankly at him from across the conference table at which we sat. 
Ive called Agent Wells a thousand times. He almost never answers, and when he does, he just says that 'for Howards protection, its best to keep his whereabouts a secret.' Its like theyve taken him prisoner, I said angrily.
I dont think they would do that, Jason replied.
Why wouldnt they? What would stop them? I asked. We sure couldnt do anything about it. We cant exactly call the police and tell them that our best friend has been kidnapped by the government.
He wasnt kidnapped, Reaper. Theyre protecting him.
Whose side are you on, Ace? I demanded.
Look, I care about getting Howie back just as much as you do! Of course Im on your side and it sucks that you even have to ask, Jason snapped.
I took a deep breath in order to calm down. Jason was right and I knew it was wrong for me to take my frustration out on him.
Im sorry, bro. Its just frustrating not having him around. We cant do this without him, Ace. We just cant, I finally said.
Well get him back. We just have to be patient. As far as The Strangers are concerned, well just need to keep packing our gear just in case they decide to attack. When they do, well be ready.
So, we basically have to wait for more people to die before we can do anything about it, I groaned.
What else can we do? We cant go on the offensive without any intelligence. And whether we like it or not, we dont have Howie here to get any. Even when he was here, going on the offensive almost got us killed. We have to be smarter this time. The Suspect was foolish enough to reveal his next target to us which gives us an advantage. We may not know when he plans to attack, but we certainly know where. All we have to do is wait him out.
But what is he waiting for? Its been two months, Ace. Why hasnt he attacked yet? I grumbled. Jason bit his lip and didnt respond. 
What are you thinking? I asked.
I think he might be waiting for Howie to resurface before he hits the school. Howie is the reason he targeted our school to begin with. The Suspect probably wants to make sure that Howie's there before he follows through with his threat.
That makes a lot of sense, I said as I rubbed my chin, I wonder if Wells would be willing to allow Howie to come back to school for a couple of weeks in order to draw them out.
You want to use Howie as bait? Jason asked, his eyes wide with disbelief.
I want to catch The Suspect. Besides, you know I wont let anything happen to Howie.
Neither will I, but that doesnt mean we should use him as bait. What if were not fast enough when they hit? What if they kill him?
I wont let them get to him, I said firmly.
And what if you cant do both?
What do you mean? 
What if you cant kill The Suspect and save Howie? What if you had to choose?
I dont understand what youre asking me, I replied.
Im just asking if you want to keep Howie alive more than you want The Suspect to die. If thats the case, then Im okay with your plan. I just need to know that Howies safety is your top priority.
Of course it is, I lied. Howies like a brother to me. You both are. 
Jason nodded, completely unaware of my dishonesty. It was true that I loved them both as if they were my brothers, but I didnt really know if my love for them was stronger than my hatred of The Suspect. Still, I told Jason what he wanted to hear in order to get him on board with my plan. It bothered me that I had developed such a capacity for deception, but at the time, it seemed necessary. 
His question about Howie and the Suspect also bothered me because somehow, it almost seemed like his question implied that the two of them may somehow be connected.
So, whats the plan for your birthday? Jason asked, obviously trying to change the subject. My birthday was on the upcoming Saturday of that week, but I had actually not even thought about it until Jason mentioned it. For some reason, it always seemed like my mother was unusually sad on my birthday. For most of the day, she would just sit there staring into space, seldom moving or even bothering to speak. She would often disappear for hours at a time with no explanation as to where she had been when she returned. Due to her bizarre behavior and a lack of presents, I never really made a big deal about my birthday.
Nothing spectacular, really. Monica convinced me to spend some time with my mom. We fought a few months back and I havent seen her since. Monica thinks it would be a good idea if I buried the hatchet.
What do you think? Jason asked.
I guess its okay. Im sure youve figured out that Ive been crashing here for a while, now. I havent seen her in several months, so I suppose that I kind of miss her.
Buddy, you can crash here for as long as youd like, but I do think its a good idea to check on your mom, Jason said.
I nodded without replying. Maybe it was a good idea, but I wasnt too fond of the idea of visiting her during the week of my birthday. It always felt weird to even be around her when she fell into the zombie-like state, but Monica thought it was a good idea so I had promised her I would stop by.
Your girlfriend seems like she has her head on straight, Jason remarked.
I suppose she does, I said flatly.
Are you guys going to prom this Saturday?
Absolutely not, I said quickly.
Reaper, its prom! And its on your birthday! Jason replied.
Im aware.
Youve got to be kidding! Jason exclaimed.
No, Im not kidding. Its just not my thing. You know I dont really like crowds.
Reaper, youre an idiot. Youre an absolute idiot. Youre dating the hottest girl in school and youre not taking her to the prom, which happens to fall on your birthday? Those two factors combined pretty much guarantee your chances of getting a certain birthday gift, if you get my drift. 
I cant afford to focus on having fun right now, Ace. Finding The Suspect is my number one priority. Monica doesnt know everything, but she knows Im doing something that is a lot more important than prom. Besides, theres always next year. We still have time. 
At least I thought we did. There was no way that I could have known just how wrong I was.






48. MOTIVES

THE SUSPECT:

THE AQUISITION WAS LESS THAN THREE YEARS AWAY, and I had hoped that my work was enough to grant me absolution. It was true that my hands were as dirty as the rest of the seven billion vermin that scurried about this rock, but at least I sought penance. At least I was working toward forgiveness. 
It had been almost three years to that day since The Righteous had lifted the veil of my reality and for a fraction of a second, allowed me to see that which dwelled behind it. But I wanted more - much more. I wanted ever so desperately to experience firsthand that which he had shown me, but I knew it would come at a price. He had demanded the sacrifices of billions of lives in exchange for my rite of passage. 
The time was almost at hand, but there was still much more work to be done. My Final Solution was still in its stages of infancy, but before we could move forward with my plans to make this world tear itself apart, I had to eliminate The Reaper. His abilities posed far too big of a threat for me to ignore. 
I smiled as I realized that after Saturday I would no longer have to worry about him. My smile grew even wider as I contemplated the intricacies of the plans that I had for Saturdays prom.





49. REUNION

REAPER:

I ALMOST COULDNT BELIEVE MY EYES WHEN I STEPPED off the bus on Wednesday morning. Jason was already standing in our normal pre-breakfast spot just outside of the first entrance of the cafeteria, but it wasnt him that surprised me. I could pick out Howies mop top from anywhere. He and Jason chatted away as I hurriedly approached them.
Bro! When did you get back?! I shouted. Howie whipped around and smiled from ear to ear.
I was back in the state last night. I didnt get back in town until a few hours ago though.
I pulled him in for hug without replying. It was obvious that Jason and I both missed him tremendously. Howie was the kind of person that you could never truly appreciate until he wasnt around for a while. Between The Strangers kidnapping him and Wells putting him into protective custody, it felt like I had almost lost him twice.
Glad to have you back, brother, I said as we continued our embrace.
I think Monica may get jealous if you guys keep that up any longer, Jason smirked.
I looked up and noticed Monica standing across from us on the other side of the crosswalk. She was smiling as she silently watched us.
I held up my index finger to let her know that I would be over in a few seconds. She nodded and continued to wait patiently as I released Howie and turned to Jason. We all looked to each other and beamed with the excitement of finally being back together again.
Ive gotta run, guys, but Ill see you later at 3D. Deal? I said. 
Deal, Jason and Howie replied in unison.
Birthday present, Jason whispered after me as I walked over to join Monica. I chuckled and tried my best to ignore him as I joined her. 
Whats so funny? Monica asked.
Nothing. I was just thinking about something, I lied. She narrowed her eyes and smiled, but I was happy that she didnt push the issue.
When did Howie get back? she asked.
Earlier this morning.
You dont think its kind of weird for him to transfer schools this late in the semester then transfer back after two months? she asked.
No, he didnt transfer. He was sick. I told you he was sick, didnt I? It wasit was pretty serious, I said without looking her in the eyes.
Adam, you told me he transferred, she said flatly. I was still avoiding eye contact, but I could tell by the sound of her voice that she was no longer smiling.
Did I? I blurted without thinking.
Yes, you did, mister. Is there something you want to tell me, Adam? she asked.
For a second, I thought she was angry but as I finally looked into her eyes, I realized that her expression displayed more concern than anger.
Its complicated, I replied, carefully choosing my words. I didnt want to lie to her anymore, but I didnt want to tell her the truth and pull her further into the madness that had become my life. She was already close enough to the fire simply by being friends with me.
Thats not good enough, Adam. We said we would be honest with each other, remember?
This is different, I said.
How? How is this different? Honesty is honesty. It applies to everything, not just the things that you're okay with me knowing, she snapped. Her reply cut much deeper than she realized. Not only did this amplify the guilt that I felt for lying to her about Howie, but also the guilt I felt for not saving her father.
Monica, you have to trust me on this. There are things that I want to tell you but I just cant.
Why cant you? she demanded.
Because its too dangerous, I replied. As the concern in her expression turned to fear, I realized that I shouldnt have said that. I wished that I could tell her that she didnt have to fear for me. I wished that I could let her know that I could toss a couple thousand pounds as easily as I could tie my shoes or grab her and zoom away at over 100 miles per hour in order to show her that I was the last person she needed to fear for. But I could never show her what I could do. I could never show her my abilities because doing so would let her know that I was capable of saving her father on the night that he died. Doing so would make her think I was a murderer.
Whats going on, Adam? she demanded.
Its under control, I said as I looked away. I needed to avoid eye contact lest I fall victim to that mesmerizing gaze of hers. I knew I was putty in her hands when she really wanted something from me. My heart sank as I felt her soft hand gently touch my right cheek. She lightly nudged my chin upward, forcing me to gaze into her eyes once more. I didnt stand a chance as her smoldering amber eyes worked their magic on me. 
What arent you telling me, Adam? she asked, Im only asking because Im worried about you.
Damn shes good, I thought as I felt her charm take hold of my inhibitions. I looked over my shoulder to make sure no one was listening, then looked back to her. Howie was placed in protective custody by the government. Thats why he left. He was being targeted by The Strangers.
Her eyes grew wide with fear as she made the assumption that if Howie was in danger, I must have been too. What-How- I mean- she was so scared that her words were rushing out all at once.
I placed my hands on her shoulders, which seemed to calm her. Monica, Im fine, and so is Howie. If he was still in danger, they wouldnt have let him come back, I lied.
But theyre still out there. How can he be safe? How can you be safe? I cant do this, Adam. I cant. I cant lose you too! she sobbed.
Itll all be over soon, honey. Trust me. Nothing is going to happen to me, I said as I pulled her head into my chest and embraced her.
Is this why you cant come to the prom with me on Saturday? she asked.
Yes, but I still dont want you to go alone. I know Matt Connors likes you. Im okay if you go with him, but let me know if he tries anything so I can have Jason beat him up again, I smirked. I was hoping that she would laugh at my joke, but she didnt respond.
Maybe we can meet up later that night, though. We could hang out at Lake Victoria if thats okay with you, I said, hoping it would lift her spirits. She finally lifted her head from my chest and smiled.
That sounds great, mister. I almost thought I wouldnt have a chance to give you your birthday present, she chimed.
I raised an eyebrow and grinned as I thought of my conversation with Jason.
What are you smiling for? she asked, pulling me out of my trance.
Nothing, I said without looking into her eyes.
Adam? she asked firmly. 
I peeked at her and, just as I expected, she was doing that mesmerizing stare that she always did whenever she wanted to get information out of me.
No! I protested as I made a cross with my fingers and held them before me as if she was a vampire. I wont fall for that eye trick again!
What eye trick? I dont have an eye trick. Look at me, Adam, she said.
No! I wont let you seduce me with your vampire stare! I playfully shouted. But I had already fallen for it. I fell for that mesmerizing gaze of hers the second I laid eyes on her.
As we continued to horseplay before class, something inside of me told me that I should go to the prom with her. I kept getting the feeling that I shouldnt leave her side, lest some unknown danger swoops in and takes her away from me. But I knew that I couldnt guard her with every waking second and go after The Suspect. 
Itll all be over soon, I told myself. Besides, shes just going to the prom. How dangerous could that be?









50. HOMECOMING


IT WAS FRIDAY NIGHT AND I HAD BEEN STANDING ACROSS the street from my parents shack of a house for almost thirty minutes. It had been months since I had been back home, and I was still trying to convince myself that coming back was the right thing to do. 
Youre the reason hes not coming back! Youre the reason Im all alone. I wish I had never found you! The sting of my mothers toxic words still burned in my mind as I stared at the front door. How could she have said that to me? I wondered. Sure, she had had a few drinks that night, but thats nothing to tell your son even if you are drunk. Thats nothing to tell someone you love. 
Perhaps that was the reason I came back. Maybe I wanted to find out if I really was her son and most of all, if she really did love me.

SHE WAS ASLEEP ON THE COUCH WHEN I FINALLY ENTERED the front door. I was surprised at how clean the living room was. My mother was quite the neat freak, but my father was as filthy as she was neat and she could never keep the house very clean due to his presence canceling out hers. As I stood in the front room and peered around, I couldnt find a single trace of his usual filth. The only thing out of place at the moment was the empty wine bottle lying on the floor beside the couch on which my mother slept.
She stirred a bit as I approached, but she still remained asleep. She looked cold as she lay in a somewhat fetal position in the corner of our ancient couch. I grabbed a blanket from the laundry room and gently placed it over her frail body.
A painful wash of despair came over me as I noticed the dried tears that stained the hardened skin on her cheeks. It was painful to even look at her. She was only 45 years old, but she could have easily gone for over sixty. I had seen pictures of her when she was much younger. She was so beautiful back then. So beautiful and so smart, but that was before she met him. Seeing the physically and mentally broken woman that lay before me made it hard to imagine that she had ever been as good looking as she once was. It was hard to imagine that she had ever been happy.
My fathers hold over her baffled me. I had seen younger pictures of him as well, and based solely on looks, she was completely out of his league. The more I thought about it, the more I realized that Monica was out of my league as well. Were we destined to repeat the same path as my parents?
My perpetual nightmare came to mind as I watched my mother sleep. I wondered if the hatred that I saw in Monicas eyes within my dream represented the way that she would feel about me if I turned out to be just like my father. I knew the dream was more than just a meaningless nightmare. I knew that it was real. The same way Monica knew that her own recurring dream was more than just a random sequence of subconscious images. 
In my heart of hearts I knew that it ultimately meant that at some point she would be placed in incredible danger. That realization should have compelled me to spend every waking second around her in order to protect her from whatever was coming, but my hatred of The Suspect was pulling me down the dark path of revenge. The only thing in the world at that point that could match the strength of my love for her, was my hatred for him.
Phillip? my mother murmured as she finally opened her eyes and squinted at me. She wasnt calling for my brother. Phillip, Jr. was dead. We both knew that. She had obviously mistaken me for, Phillip, Sr. Her voice sounded so hopeful that it hurt. It was as if she would have burst into tears of joy had I actually been him.
Its me, Mother, I whispered, ignoring the sting of her confusing me with my father.
Thats right, she said, slightly slurring her words as she attempted to stand, You cant be him because Phillips dead. She lost her balance as she tried to take a step. I zoomed over and caught her before she had even fallen an inch.
Ive got you, Mom, I said to her as she grew tense, still bracing herself for the fall.
I gently placed her back on the couch and sat beside her. She was still disoriented, but I could tell that she was starting to regain some of the awareness that was taken from her by the alcohol.
I couldnt look her in the eyes. I knew that I still loved her, but after what she had said to me the night I left home, I didnt feel like she deserved my love. I hoped that at some point the flicker of love that still remained within me would wither and die, leaving nothing behind but the hatred that I wanted to feel for her disowning me. The hate was definitely there. In all honesty, I hated her more than I loved her. I hated her for what she had done to me. I hated what she had done to herself, and most of all, I hated her for what happened to PJ. Despite the magnitude of my hate, the remnants of love that remained would not allow me to completely cast her away.
Adam? she asked as she peered at me through teary eyes.
Yes, it's me, Mom, I said as I fought back tears. I clinched my jaw and fought harder as tears began to race down her cheeks. I could never stand the sight of her crying. A few deep breaths allowed me to gain my composure. 
I'm sorry, Adam. I shouldn't have said those things, she sobbed.
It's okay, mom. I know you didn't mean it. But it wasn't okay and something told me that she really did mean what she had said. She may have regretted it, but that doesn't change the fact that those feelings were there, buried deep within the bowels of her subconscious. Deep within the part of her mind that was only accessible by way of the bottle to which she clung to on that night. The one thing my father's insufferable brand of parenting taught me was that people often told you how they really felt once they were under the influence of alcohol.
He's gone, Adam. You're all I have left, she said, while fighting hard to maintain her consciousness.
Who's gone, Mom? I asked.
Your father, she whispered as her face twisted into a painful grimace and more tears poured from her eyes. A part of me was hoping she would say that, but I wished it didn't cause her so much pain.
He'll come back, Mom. He always does.
No, he wont. Not this time. The look in her eyes said it all. I could tell that something big must have happened.
What's wrong, Mom? What happened?
Your father, Adam; he's dead. They found his body at the bottom of Lake Victoria yesterday. Every bit of the composure she had regained vanished and I pulled her into an embrace more out of obligation than out of solace. I couldnt care less about his death. I only cared that it caused her such terrible anguish.
I didn't say a word as I tried to comfort her. I couldn't. Instead of remorse, all I felt was anger. Anger brought on by the fact that even in death, he was causing her great pain. When she finally drifted off to sleep, I placed the blanket over her and retreated to my old room upstairs. My plan was to grab a few hours of sleep and then head back to 3D. 
As I approached my old bedroom door, somehow I knew that this would be the last night I ever spent in that house.































51. FROZEN SKY IV


THE FLAMES OF MY HATRED RAGED INSIDE OF ME, CHARRING my soul beyond repair. No one could save him from meThe only thing standing between me and the end of his life was the gun that he pressed against her temple. He was going to die, of that much I was certain. The only thing I was uncertain of was if I had what it took to save her.
We were all surrounded by darkness and standing inside of an unfamiliar room. I glared into the blackened eyes of the frowning tragedy mask worn by my adversary. He was known to the world as The Suspect, but I only knew him as the man responsible for the death of my brother.
The terror in Monicas eyes as he pressed the .50 caliber pistol against her temple paralyzed me. He had taken away my brother and now he was a trigger squeeze away from taking the single most important thing in my life.
You cant save her, a familiar voice muttered from behind me. The voice was weak and barely audible, but I knew who it was. My knees trembled and threatened to buckle as I turned to face my dead brother. 
PJ stood before me, still bleeding from the countless mortal wounds inflicted upon him at the time of his death. It was at that point that I realized that my nightmare had returned.
You couldnt save me. What makes you think you can save her? he demanded.
Brother, Im sorry! I-I wasnt there for you! I shouldve-
You were never there for me! Never! This is all your fault, Adam! PJ bellowed. Its because of you that I am dead! 
The room suddenly erupted into fire with PJs last words. As the deadly blaze swelled and threatened to consume us all, I turned and zoomed towards Monica faster than I had ever run before.
Before long, we were once again soaring through the frozen sky without words. She didnt need words. Her eyes said enough. I could tell by her glare that she still hated me. I only hoped that whatever I had done to deserve such hate could be reversed.


























52. INTERVENTION


IT WAS 3AM IN THE MORNING AND THE DREAM HAD TAKEN an emotional toll on me. As I lay there staring at the ceiling, I wondered once more if devoting my time to stopping The Suspect was really what I should have been focusing on. Something terrible was coming. I didn't need the recurring nightmare to tell me that. I could sense it. It was as though a dark cloud of despair had settled above my entire life and everything that I had ever touched was ending because of it. 
As I lay there wasting away in my hopelessness, my only thought was that I had to do whatever it took to make sure she was safe. The sound of the back door suddenly closing downstairs brought me out of my deep thoughts. I heard the door being locked as I pulled myself to my feet. I rushed over and peeked out of the window just in time to see my mother disappear into the thick wooded area behind our house. Where is she going at 3am? I thought as I stared into the dark forest that she had disappeared into.
I quickly pulled on a T-shirt and a pair of black jogging pants and hurried downstairs to follow her. It took me about ten minutes to catch up to her. I lagged about fifteen feet behind her and hid amongst the shadows so as not to spook her as she made her way through the woods. Her steps were so deliberate that I could tell that she wasnt simply wandering about. Wherever she was headed, it was obvious that she had been there many times before.
I tried not to make a sound as I slipped between the branches and bushes that separated us. I found myself wishing I had put on a long sleeve shirt as my skin began to itch due to the countless branches that scraped against me.
Hell of a way to start my birthday, I thought, sarcastically. I should have been enjoying my day with the girl that I loved, not sulking through the forest in the wee hours of the morning. I paused as she walked into a clearing. It wasnt until she stopped walking that I noticed what she was carrying in her hands. 
I was tempted to run to her and comfort her as she kneeled and burst into tears, but the bizarre element of this mysterious late night trek forced me to remain hidden in the shadows. I had to wait until she left to see what had drawn her out to this place in the middle of the night.
After a few minutes, she pulled herself to her feet and whispered the word Goodbye, before disappearing into the forest before her.
An overwhelming feeling of dread washed over me as I approached the site where she had kneeled and wept. I knew that I should have fled. Something told me that only pain and heartache awaited me in that place, but I couldn't force myself to walk away and add another unknown to the mountain of mysteries that already plagued my life.
My heart thumped rapidly as I entered the clearing. I shuddered as I laid eyes on the area where my mother had kneeled. My eyes widened in shock and a cold tremor shot down my spine as I realized what lay before me.

ANGER AND DESPAIR SWELLED IN MY CHEST AS I STOOD there for nearly an hour, frozen in awe as the gravity of the lies that she had led me to believe weighed upon me.
Suddenly, I was done being lied to. I wasnt willing to allow it to continue for another second. I firmly planted my feet and rocketed into the forest, heading back to my mother's house. I could feel the darkness in my soul tearing at me as I stormed through the forest reducing trees into splinters in my wake. That speck of love for the woman I had come to know as my mother dwindled with every blazingly fast bound that I took toward the house. 
I knew that I was moving too fast as our house came into view, but I didnt care. I lowered my shoulder and crashed through the front door as if it were cardboard. It couldnt stop me. The only thing capable of stopping my rampage in that moment was the sight of her lifeless body dangling from the rope tied to the rail at the top of the stairs. 
There was no use checking her pulse. It was obvious that she had been dead for several minutes. At first I didnt know how to feel as I stood there in the living room that I had practically demolished upon entry out of my anger towards her. But as she hung there, still slightly swinging back and forth, my indignation dissipated. 
My jaw trembled as a breeze blew in through the hole that I had made in the front of the house. It was cold; as cold as the dead eyes of my mother that stared back at me.
How could she? I thought as the tears began to fall. 
How could you?! I angrily bellowed at her as if I expected an answer.
Suddenly, I grabbed the couch and hoisted it above my head. As I hurled it across the room, I hoped that its destructive landing would lessen my despair, but it was of no use. Seeing her alive again was the only thing that could have alleviated my suffering. Without thinking, I launched myself into the north-side wall of the living room. I became a tornado of destruction as I nearly demolished the entire house piece by piece with my bare hands. 
After a few minutes, the staircase from which she hung was the only portion of the house left standing. I trudged through the rubble with my right fist cocked behind my head, and I cried out as I prepared to destroy it too. 
But I couldnt do it. I fell to my knees and unleashed a painful scream as loudly as physically possible as her lifeless body continued to sway from the rope only a few feet above me. I hung my head, as I could no longer bear the sight of her soulless shell of a body. It was then that I discovered the folded piece of paper that lay on the floor a few inches in front of me.
As I tried desperately to steady my trembling hand, I realized that the people I had come to know as my real family were all gone. I felt as alone as I had ever felt in life. In my heart, I knew that I still had Monica, but I forced the memory of her from my thoughts. I knew that if I focused on her, I would lose the resolve to do what I had decided to do. The never-ending quests for happiness, love, and normalcy were simply too taxing. Every time it seemed as if I was getting close to achieving one of those three, it always ended in heartache and I had had enough of failing miserably in my foolish pursuit.
I was done. Done pretending that I could ever be happy. Done pretending that I could be normal. Done pretending that I could be anything. It wasnt that I didnt think that I deserved those things; it was just that I had reached a point where I no longer wanted them. 
It wasnt fair. It wasnt fair to Monica, but I had convinced myself that her life would be better without me. As I read my mother's suicide note, my desire to follow her in death grew even stronger. Between the clearing in the forest and the note that she had left me, I finally knew the secrets that she had kept from me for all those years.
I always thought that finding out would bring me joy. I thought that it would bring closure, but the only thing I felt as I zoomed away was an overwhelming desire to end it all. As I made my way to 3D, that was exactly what I intended to do.

IN NO TIME, I BLAZED A TRAIL FROM MY MOTHERS DEMOLISHED house to 3D. My hands trembled so violently that it was impossible for me to key in the access code to the front door. Frustrated, I punched through the steel door and ripped it away from the frame. 
Agent Wells had allowed Jason to keep Charlies gun after he defeated him in battle. That gun had been powerful enough to dislocate my shoulder when fired from a distance. I hoped it would do the trick if fired from point blank range.
But where was it? Where had Jason hidden it? I didnt see it with the rest of his weapons. My heart rate increased as I searched more frantically. I knew that Jason kept surveillance on 3D. He undoubtedly had seen me rip off the front door and would probably be arriving shortly demanding an explanation. He would surely try to stop me if he knew what I was up to, and I didnt want it to come to that. But what right does he have to try to stop me from doing anything? I thought. What makes him think he can stop me? 
As if answering my thoughts, the sound of Jasons bike coming to a screeching halt filled the room. I paused and glared at the entrance. I was just about to yell at him when he emerged through the cavity where the door was once attached.
Whats going on here, buddy? Jason asked. His tone displayed a mixture of confusion and alarm. He was wearing all of his combat gear, except for his mask. 
Did he come here expecting a fight? I thought as I glared back at him. Does he really think he can take me? It was the same question that I had wondered that night he got angry when I attempted to save him from the thug that held him at gunpoint. I was willing to drop the issue in that moment, but as we gazed at each other from opposite sides of our secret hideout, I think we both knew what was silently brewing.


53. OBLIVION


AS I LOOKED INTO HIS EYS I COULD FINALLY SEE WHAT Jason had been hiding from me the entire time. He was afraid of me. Not afraid in a sense where he was unwilling to face me in combat, but in a sense where he feared for what I could become. I could see in his eyes that he thought I was dangerous, and he felt that it was his duty to keep me in check. It was as if he had planned to silence me all along, should I ever become out of control. 
For a fraction of a second, I considered the possibility that I could have been overreacting. That was until I saw Charlies gun holstered on his hip. Was that why he asked Agent Wells for it? Instead of keeping it as a trophy, did he really keep it as a way to cause me pain, should he ever find himself pitted against me in a fight? He probably considered his treacherous posturing precautionary and necessary, but I considered it deceitful and betraying.
Whats with the gear? I growled.
Adam, what's going on here? Tell me whats wrong, Jason said, while remaining completely still. His strong jaw line tightened as he maintained strong eye contact with me. He was acting as if he was interacting with a wild animal, taking extra care not to make any sudden moves, lest the beast lash out. 
Thats not my name! I shouted. My name is The Reaper,
Adam-
Stop calling me that! I bellowed, clinching my fists as blood and adrenaline rushed to my head, which further clouded my judgment.
Jason had placed his right hand on the handle of Charlies pistol before I had even realized it. Neither of us moved as we glared at each other. Finally, Jason released the pistol and held his hands in the air. Who did he think he was kidding? We both knew that he was still quick enough to draw the pistol regardless of how high he held his hands. Still, I accepted his token and relaxed my fists and softened my aggressive posture.
Reaper, whatever is going on, you know Ill help you through it.
Help me? You came here to kill me! I growled.
Reaper, thats not true!
Then why are you wearing your gear, Ace? And why did you bring Charlies gun?
Its not what you think, Jason replied.
Then what is it? I demanded.
Im here to help you, Reaper. You have to know that.
If you want to help me, then give me that gun, I said darkly.
You know I cant do that, he replied.
Then I suppose Ill just take it, I grumbled as I tightened my fists.
Ill have to stop you, Reaper, he said firmly.
Id like to see you try, I replied. In truth, I wasnt sure if I could actually beat Jason, but in the end I didnt have to win to get what I wanted. I had come there to end it all. It didnt matter if it came by my own hand or by his. The way I saw it, I would win either way.
Dont do this, Adam, Jason pleaded as I held my fists before me. He sounded as if he truly did not want to fight, but I didnt care. 
He quickly leapt over my head as I rushed him. He was as quick as Tango when it came to changing directions, but I still believed I could get the upper hand if I was able to keep him inside.
I threw an emphatic overhand right for his head, but he ducked it and used my momentum to hip-toss me across the room. Blood rushed to my head as I slammed against the wall and fell to the floor. It was pissing me off that I was so much more powerful than he was, yet I couldnt lay a finger on him. As I pulled myself from the floor, I realized that he was fighting me the same way that Tango did. If I wanted to stand a chance, I knew that I would have to slow down and focus my attacks. Fighting in hyper-speed didnt work against this type of fighter. He was too disciplined. Too polished. I was the exact opposite. 
This doesnt have to go any further, Reaper. Stand down! Jason shouted, as I trudged toward him.
Is that an order? I asked smugly before I suddenly dashed towards him. I caught him off guard as I slowed my approach and threw a three-punch combination. He blocked all three punches with his forearms, but I could tell that they still did some damage. I threw another barrage of punches, but he managed to dodge them all and then returned fire with an astonishingly swift left jab that he stopped millimeters away from hitting my throat. 
The two of us were frozen in the center of the room with his fist still dangerously close to my throat. As we glared at each other, he could see that I was pissed that he was pulling his punches. The nerve of him to think that he could stand up to me without fighting for his life angered me beyond belief.
I lunged for the gun at his hip but I was hit in the face by a swift knee as soon as I unstrapped the holster. I stumbled backward from the force of the attack. I rushed him again, only to have my face meet the bottom of his shoe. Just like that, he had adjusted his strategy as quickly as I had adjusted mine. I couldnt get close enough to do any damage because of his lightning quick kicks. They didnt hurt at all, but they were surely pissing me off. A rush of adrenaline hit me when he kicked me in the face again. Thats when it hit me. Thats when I realized what I had to do to defeat him. 
I attacked him once more but was floored by another devastating spinning heel kick. I slammed my hands against the floor as more blood rushed to my face. I was getting angrier by the second, which is exactly what I wanted. The more I opened myself to his attacks, the angrier I was becoming, and with my rage came even more adrenaline. Thats what I wanted. Higher levels of adrenaline gave me added focus. It allowed me to focus so keenly on the world around me that it seemed to pass in slow motion.
Instead of standing, I lunged at him from the floor. Just as I thought, his movements now seemed much slower. I knew that he wasnt really moving any slower. I was simply moving faster and I could now focus on his movements better. As he leapt into the air, hoping to leap over my head, my right hand shot up and grabbed his left foot. Charlies gun flew out of the unstrapped holster and fell to the floor as I stopped his momentum.
We were almost frozen in time as I contemplated flinging him against the wall with all my strength. That would have killed him without question. Though we were pitted against each other, I couldnt find the resolve to end his life. I only wanted to show him that with all his training and skill, he was still no match for me.
I still hurled him against the wall but not hard enough to kill him. I hoped that he would stay down, but he was not so easily beaten. When the fight started, I noticed regret and compassion in his eyes, but as he leapt to his feet and glared at me, there was nothing left in his eyes except for rage.
We both looked to the gun lying in the middle of the floor between us. I dove for it as he broke into a dash. I hit the ground hard and grabbed for the handle of the gun. Before I could secure it, Jason dropkicked me in the face with both feet. My head violently snapped backward, causing me to see stars.
Despite my disoriented state, I still managed to pull myself to my feet. It pissed me off that he had kicked me in the face so hard, after I spared his life by not throwing him against the wall with all my might. I drew my right hand behind my head and flung it at Jason as hard as I could. He easily ducked my wild punch and struck me hard in the throat with his left hand. The entire right side of my body fell numb upon impact. Before I could recover, Jason unleashed a vicious combination of punches and kicks that ended with a punishing spin kick that sent me crashing against the large monitor mounted on the wall behind me.
As I fell to the ground, he was upon me grabbing my collar and thrusting Charlies hand cannon into my face.
Do it! I yelled. He bit his lip so hard that I thought he would draw blood. Do it! Dammit! If you won't, then I will! I shouted.
Jason screamed as he jammed the barrel of the gun into my face. I closed my eyes as the cold steel dug into my left cheek. This is it, I thought, but my heart sank when I felt him release my shirt collar and heard the sound of the gun falling to the floor.
I opened my eyes and glared at him. 
What are you doing? I growled through gritted teeth.
I wont do it, he replied solemnly. 
Fine, I said as I shoved him away.
The nerve attack that he had landed on my throat was still limiting my motor functions, but I still managed to grab the gun and stick the barrel in my mouth before he could stop me.
Adam, no! Jason bellowed as he rushed toward me.
I told you not to call me that anymore, I thought as I prepared myself for oblivion. I took one last glance at his tear filled eyes as I squeezed the trigger and my world faded to black.






























54. CHECK

THE SUSPECT:

AS OUR COUNTLESS BLACK SUVS PULLED INTO THE CARLTON County High football field, I set my sights on the gymnasium less than 200 meters away. The prom had been underway for nearly an hour by that point, and it was almost time for me to make my grand entrance.
We all knew the plan. The wireless and landline communications were being disabled within a fifty-mile radius, as nearly 500 Strangers poured out of the SUVs and made their way toward the gym. In addition to our normal combat gear, we all wore hooded cloaks which hid our masks. The theme of the prom was a masquerade ball. Therefore, as the swarm of hooded Strangers surrounded the building, the few stragglers that remained outside thought this to be nothing more than a part of the festivities. 
At the entrance, two faculty members held the double doors open for Tango and I. Just as I suspected, the only security presence was comprised of teachers and parental chaperones. Once the crap hit the proverbial fan, my Strangers would have no problems maintaining control of the perimeter that we had just established.
I had made a generous, yet anonymous, donation to the prom committee with the caveat of the masquerade ball theme in order to set my plan into motion. They had definitely put the money to good use as the interior of the gymnasium was decorated so beautifully that it resembled a genuine ballroom.
On the stage, set up at the end of the dance floor, they were getting ready to crown the prom King and Queen. The DJ beckoned for me to take the stage as I took the floor. I nodded to Tango as I stepped forth into the crowd and made my way to the stage. The ballot for prom King was rigged of course. If I had to trouble myself with a prom in order to carry out my plan, I figured I may as well make myself King.
The gym fell silent as I took the stage and positioned myself next to the masked female student that had been voted Queen. She was dressed as Aphrodite, the Greek goddess of love. Her beautifully crafted golden mask and the golden trim of the stunning white satin dress that she wore matched perfectly with her equally lovely amber colored eyes. 
As you know, ladies and gentlemen, this years King and Queen were voted on based on their costumes. Well, the votes are in and I now present your new Carlton County High Prom King and Queen! the DJ yelled to the crowd. Applause erupted from the crowd as he faced us.
And now comes the moment youve all been waiting for. The unmasking of the King and Queen! The crowd exploded with applause once more, to the DJs delight.
By that point, my Strangers had taken out the pitiful excuse for security and locked down the exterior of the building. As the crowd watched in anticipation the female standing beside me placed her hands on her mask and paused in order to build suspense.
My heart beat a bit faster as she pulled the mask from her face. The crowd applauded as the female revealed herself. My God, she's beautiful, I thought as watched her smile and gracefully waved at the crowd. 
All hail Queen Monica Stripling! the DJ screamed as the crowd cheered on. My heartbeat quickened as the crowd finally turned their attention to me. None of them noticed the countless hooded Strangers silently pouring into the gym and surrounding the dance floor.
And now for the King! the DJ exclaimed.
Now indeed, I thought, as I stepped forth and placed my hands onto my hood. As I pulled back the hood in one swift motion, the collective gasp released from the crowd said enough. The Greek Tragedy mask that I wore beneath my hood was one that they all knew and feared. The gym fell silent as I took a small step forward. 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It is with the utmost gratitude that I accept your nod as King, I started, my voice electronically distorted by the device within my mask.
Youre not our King! Get off the stage, you clown. This isnt funny! Matt Connors shouted from within the crowd.
The very sound of his voice brought my blood to a boil. The fact that he had interrupted me made me even angrier. I quickly hopped to the floor and walked toward the tall muscular teenager. The crowd parted as he too started toward me. Standing not too far away, Tango moved quickly to intercept him.
Matt threw a wild punch at Tango and pulled back a severely broken arm. The onlooking crowd panicked and turned to flee, but they halted as they noticed my assault rifle-wielding Strangers completely surrounding them. 
For those who have still not gotten the point, this is not a joke. I am The Suspect, and this facility is now under the control of The Strangers, I said as I retook the stage. I glance at my counterpart before looking back to the crowd. The lovely Queen Monica was cowering at the opposite end of the stage as I addressed them.
The prom will go on as scheduled. Any deviations from that schedule will be punishable by death. This gentlemans broken arm is the only non-lethal warning that I am willing to give tonight. This event is being broadcast to one of your fellow classmates. But this individual is no mere high school student, for it has come to my attention that he is in league with the mutant freak that some of you may know as The Reaper. I paced across the stage as I addressed them.
This menace has gone completely unchecked, as far as the so-called authorities are concerned. But fear not, children, for I am on the case. The official prom schedule calls for one more hour of dancing. Thirty minutes for pictures, and at last, the final dance of the King and Queen. To your classmate, Howard Vargas, I say this: you have until the end of the King and Queens dance to get your friend, The Reaper, to show his face. He must stand before me and unmask himself for all the world to see, that we may know the true face of the beast that hides amongst us. Should you fail to uphold this decree, know that you will be sacrificing the lives of everyone you see here. At the end of the dance, I will execute the Queen, followed by the rest of your classmates, should you attempt to call my bluff. I reveled in the sounds of their frightened gasps.
Thats right, children, breathe deeply; for I assure you that if you do not follow my instructions to the letter, these next few breaths shall be your last. I would ask that you now resume dancing. They all stared at me without moving or making a sound.
I said, dance! I shouted as I held my .50 caliber pistol above my head and fired. They all scrambled to resume dancing as my Strangers and I looked on. I pointed my gun at the Queen's throne behind us and gestured at Queen Monica, who still cowered across the stage from me.
Good girl, I thought, as she walked over and sat in the throne without a word of objection. I smiled beneath my mask as I took my seat beside her. 
Your move, Vargas, I uttered so softly that only I could hear.

55. PUPPET MASTER

REAPER:

I REMEMBER HEARING THEIR VOICES BEFORE ACTUALLY seeing their faces. I couldnt quite make out what they were saying, but I knew they were talking about me. 
My head hurt even worse than the time Agent Wells men drugged me with that mysterious yellow gas, but I guess swallowing a bullet from a magnum revolver has that sort of effect. 
A wave of depression washed over me as I realized that my death wish had gone unanswered. The roof of my mouth was throbbing with excruciating pain and my head pounded to the beat of my own heart, but I was still alive. 
Get a nurse! Hes waking! Hurry! a voice said from within the haze of blurred images before me. It took my throbbing brain a few seconds to process the voice and realize that it was Jason.
Hey, bud. How are you feeling? a hazy figure asked as I felt a hand touch my shoulder. 
Im fine, I lied. Is that you, Howie? I asked, ignoring the pain.
Yes, its me. Are you not able to see me?
I can see. Its just sort of blurry. My eyes are still adjusting. I just need to get out of this bed and walk around.
Reaper, you need to take it easy. You sustained a concussion after the accident, Howie responded, his voice dripping with concern.
What accident? I asked, confused.
You probably dont remember because of the concussion, but you were fooling around with Charlies gun when it accidentally fired, Jason quickly replied before I could say anything else.
Why is he lying for me? I thought as I sat up straighter. After a few moments, my vision finally became clearer and I could see Jason and Howie standing beside the hospital bed that I lay in. The room appeared to be the same room that Howie had been placed in after we rescued him from The Strangers. Because of my unique physical make-up, they couldnt have taken me to a regular hospital so Agent Wells Knightsville facility was their only option.
I looked Jason in the eyes and could almost feel the anger that hid behind his rigid expression. 
Jason, I- I started before trailing off into silence.
It was an accident, he said firmly.
Jason, you know-
It was an accident! Theres nothing else to discuss! he snapped before I could complete my sentence. 
I took a deep breath and nodded at him. 
We're meeting with Wells in a few minutes, Reaper, but well stop back and check on you as soon as its over, Howie said.
Why are you meeting with Wells? Are you working for him now? I asked.
They exchanged weird glances, which let me know that something was wrong. 
Whats wrong? I demanded.
Jason shook his head in objection as Howie sighed and looked to me.
There is a situation that requires our attention, Howie said carefully.
What kind of situation? Is it a Stranger situation? I demanded.
Yes, it involves The Strangers, but its under control, Jason replied.
Howie shot him a peculiar look that let me know that Jason wasnt being truthful. 
Thats not true, is it? What is this about? Somebody had better tell me whats going on here. If you're thinking about shutting me down just because I'm not at 100 percent, then youve got another thing coming, I barked.
You're not well, Reaper. You should rest, Howie suggested.
I wasnt 100 percent when I saved you, was I? I'm fine! I shot back. As I slid my feet to the floor and got out of bed, my stomach turned as I realized that my left hand was handcuffed to the bed. My eyes widened with rage as I glared at Jason and Howie.
What the hell is this? I demanded.
We need you to stay put, Reaper. Youre not fit for combat right now, Jason said.
Combat? Are we talking about an attack? I asked.
They didnt respond, but their silence said enough. 
Theres been an attack, hasnt there? I asked. 
Yes, Reaper. Theres been an attack. Its underway as we speak, but youve got to sit this one out. Its too complicated. Something was wrong. I could see it in his face and hear it in their voices. As I searched my brain for a reason why they would become so insistent on me sitting out, it hit me like a ton of bricks. The thought was so devastating that I physically stumbled backwards as my knees weakened. 
Where is she? I growled as I gained my composure. Jason and Howie exchanged glances without responding.
Answer me! I yelled and balled my fists.
The Strangers attacked the prom at our school an hour ago. Monica is in the gym with the rest of the hostages, Howie finally replied.
Is she still alive? I demanded.
Yes, they havent killed anyone yet. Theyre forcing the prom to go on as scheduled. The Suspect has demanded that you arrive before the end of the King and Queens final dance and unmask yourself, otherwise they mean to kill everyone there, Howie said.
How long before the final dance? I asked.
A little over one hour.
Im going, I said as I jerked my left hand upward. To my surprise, neither the handcuffs nor the bedrail to which they were attached broke.
That metal requires over 20,000 pounds of force to break, Reaper. Youre gonna have to sit this one out and let us take care of it, Jason said. 
He will kill her if I dont show! Do you understand that?! Im the one hes asking for! I yelled.
That is exactly why you cant go. There are hundreds of them, Reaper. He doesnt mean to simply unmask you. He means to kill you, Jason shot back.
I could see in their eyes that they had no intention of releasing me. I was done talking. Every second that I wasted debating with them brought her a second closer to death.
I yanked on the handcuffs once more, but to no avail. As I leaned away and pulled at the cuffs with all my strength, they both yelled for me to stop but I could barely hear them over the sound of my racing heartbeat.
I realized this was no ordinary metal as the cuffs cut into my extremely dense skin and blood trickled down my wrists. As I continued to pull backward, Jason and Howie didnt realize that I wasnt trying to break the cuffs. The concrete beneath the bed to which I was cuffed finally cracked and I stumbled backward as the entire 3000-pound bed sprang out of the floor and landed beside me with a heavy thud. The bed appeared to be made of the same metal as the cuffs, so I knew that my only means of escaping would be to yank it completely out of the floor.
I ignored Jason and Howies pleas as I trudged toward the door, dragging the massive hospital bed behind me. As I neared the exit, Special Agent Wells and ten armed agents filed into the room and blocked my path. 
Get out of the way, I snarled as I clinched my fist.
No can do, sport. Youre too important for me to allow you to run off and get yourself killed, Agent Wells replied.
If she dies, youre gonna have a much bigger problem on your hands than The Righteous because youre gonna have to deal with me, I growled as I yanked the massive hospital bed from the floor and prepared to charge.
Dont threaten me, boy, Wells said coldly as his agents readied their weapons.
I decided that Wells would be the first to go. As I gritted my teeth and prepared to hurl the bed into him, Howie threw himself between us.
Wait! Hell do it! Just let him help us take down The Suspect and hell help you fight The Righteous! Howie screamed at Agent Wells.
Is that right, Reaper? Are you finally willing to play ball? Wells asked, smugly.
Not a chance, I barked.
Reaper, you don't have a choice. You wont make it out of here if they use the gas and we need their helicopters to get to the prom, Howie said sternly. We can end it tonight if you agree to this.
As always, Howie was right. I let the bed fall to the floor as I realized that I had no choice. I took a deep breath and then looked to Agent Wells.
Im inbut only if we take him down tonight.
Wells nodded and dismissed his agents. He unlocked my cuffs and watched as I exited the room. As I walked away, I couldn't shake the feeling that Agent Wells was still playing the puppet master with my life.









 

















56. THE PARTY CRASHER


THE STEALTH HELECOPTERS BARELY MADE A SOUND AS we approached the school. Howie had determined that the easiest way to gain access was by way of the helicopters due to the lack of Stranger air support.
Dressed in our full combat gear, Jason and I sat in one of the helicopters along with five of Wells agents as we approached the gym. I was pumped full of painkillers and adrenaline in order to deal with the concussion and the other lingering effects of having shot myself in the roof of my mouth. The bullet had failed to penetrate but it had certainly done some damage. My heart skipped a beat as the helicopter began to hover. I peeked out of the side and saw the gym two miles below.
Two on the roof, I heard Howie say in the earpiece inside of my Reaper mask. Two agents quickly leaned over the sides of the helicopter and aimed high-powered sniper rifles downward. I barely heard the two gunshots.
The roof is clear. Ace and Reaper, youre up. Well have a ton of reinforcements coming in shortly after you. Ace, dont forget to deploy the drone. I can provide cover fire once its up and running, Howie said moments later.
Jason gracefully dove from the helicopter without a word.
Echo, how much time do we have? I asked.
The King and Queen took the dance floor nearly two minutes ago. Theyre dancing to I Cant, I Wont by Travis. That gives you just under two minutes.
My heart nearly jumped out of my chest as I realized that wasnt enough time. It would take that long just to parachute down.
Change of plans, Echo, I said as I tossed my parachutes aside.
10-4. What do you need?
Is the dance floor clear besides the King and Queen? I asked.
Affirmative, Howie replied.
Good. Get a look at my feed. I need you to guide me in.
10-4. Are you still landing on the roof?
No, I responded as I dove from the helicopter.
Where to then? Howie asked.
The dance floor, I replied as I straightened my body as I sailed toward the gym below.






















57. I CANT, I WONT
 http://youtu.be/70DIwKwfh_8

MONICA:

YOU LOOK QUITE LOVELY TONIGHT, MY QUEEN, HE WHISPERED in my ear as we continued to dance in the middle of the elegantly decorated dance floor. The feeling of The Suspects gloved hands touching me made my skin crawl, but I forced a smile and danced onward so as not to provoke him.
How could this happen to me? I thought as I averted my eyes from the cold stare of his ivory-colored Greek Tragedy mask. The rest of my classmates whimpered and silently prayed for their lives as they remained seated within the bleachers to the left of the dance floor. The gunmen had their weapons aimed at them, ready to pull the trigger as soon as the music stopped. Their sobs and cries weighed heavy on my heart as I fought hard to maintain my composure.
Thank you, I finally replied.
You look nervous, dear, he whispered. His eerily distorted voice sent chills up my spine as he spoke.
You're going to kill me. I'm sure you can understand why that makes me nervous, I replied, careful not to sound sassy.
I am not the monster that you think I am, he said softly as he pulled me closer.
Then let us go, I pleaded, allowing him to press my body against his. If you're not a monster, let us go.
That is exactly what I intend to do, but only if The Reaper should show his face. If you die tonight, it is he and Howard Vargas who will have chosen that fate for you, he replied as our dance continued. His voice, though utterly creepy, was somehow simultaneously stricken with a mixture of sorrow and compassion. I could tell that there was a mountain of grief and heartache buried beneath the frowning mask that stared back at me. He carried a pain within his soul so potent that I could almost feel its corrosive presence as our bodies pressed against each others. 
There was no sign of The Reaper, and I had lost all hope of convincing The Suspect to spare us. My eyes became heavy with the unused tears that I had fought back since the beginning of our dance. My biggest regret was not getting to see Adam before the end. I had considered being selfish and demanding that he accompany me to the prom, but I had decided to respect his wishes. At least that meant that he would be spared, I thought as I dug deep within the reserves of my composure in order to keep from crying.
Do you have a boyfriend, Monica? The Suspect asked, as if reading my mind.
Yes, I whispered. 
Would you like to finish the dance with him? You can consider it a parting gift.
I can't. He's not here, I muttered, my voice trembling as the final moments of the song I Cant, I Wont by Travis played in the background.
Then, he is truly a fool, The Suspect replied as the song ended.
The silence that ensued was deafening. Even my once sobbing classmates held their breaths as they stared at The Suspect and me. He finally released me and aimed his pistol at my chest. I forced my jaw not to quiver and dried my eyes as I thought of my father. I was sure that he had stared death in the face countless times and not flinched while defending our country. As I stared down the barrel of what would soon become the instrument of my demise, I decided to honor my father by displaying the same courage that he would have had.
As I gazed into the blank eyes of The Suspects mask, I made peace with the fact that I was about to die, and I was content with the resolve that I had shown by not giving that monster the satisfaction of watching me beg. As he thumbed down the hammer of his pistol, a loud crash rang out from above. What seemed to be a meteorite slammed into the other end of the dance floor, throwing a massive cloud of dust and rubble into the air and spooking the nearby gunmen.
What was that?! The Suspect barked. Several of his gunmen took the floor, forming a human barrier between him and the mysterious crash. As if answering his question, a dark figure emerged from the cloud of dust. His long, black trench coat fluttered behind him like a cape as he fixed his gaze on the men before him. I knew that skull-faced black gasmask that he wore upon his face. We all did. This man was The Reaper, and for all of our sakes, I prayed that he could really do the incredible things I had seen him do on the Internet. 
My prayers were answered as The Reaper became a blur. I darted away and dove for cover behind the stage as he crossed the length of the dance floor in an instant and slammed into several gunmen. Their bullets seemed to have little to no effect on him as he zoomed around and tore his way through the sea of gunmen, reducing them to rag dolls in his wake. Suddenly, smoke bombs exploded throughout the gym. I tore off a piece of my satin dress and covered my nose and mouth as I scrambled to my feet and watched as armed men repelled down through the hole that The Reaper had left in the ceiling.
Chaos erupted as the armed men and The Suspect's gunmen clashed. I darted into the fray as I noticed a group of the armed men evacuating some of my classmates. Bullets and bodies flew everywhere as I made my way across the dance floor that had become a battlefield. An explosion in the center of the dance floor threw me to the ground. Though The Suspects forces outnumbered the other armed men by far, they seemed to be losing their advantage due to The Reaper incapacitating five to ten of them at a time.
I covered my head and watched from the floor as The Reaper repeatedly flattened one gunman after another with supernatural speed. This tornado of ferocity tore his way through the sea of gunmen with reckless abandon, but he didnt appear to be focused on the fight. He kept looking around the room, as if he was searching for something outside of the battle to which he was engaged in.
More of what I had come to identify as the Reapers forces poured into the room as the battle continued. As I watched them continue to evacuate my classmates, I stood with the intent to run to them but froze when I met the dead eyes of The Suspect. He was only ten feet away and staring directly at me. 
I screamed and fled in the opposite direction. I couldn't hear his footsteps but I knew that he was right behind me. I shrieked as loudly as I could as he tackled me to the floor. I rolled over and kicked and screamed with all my might. This only seemed to enrage him as he shot out his right hand and wrapped it tightly around my throat. As he raised his pistol with his left hand, I found myself at the edge of my hope for the second time that night. I thought of my mother and father, but most of all, I thought of Adam and how much I didnt want to die before I had a chance to warn him about what really happened in my dream.
My heart lurched forward in my chest as The Reaper suddenly rose thirty feet above the battlefield with his right hand cocked far behind his head. I couldnt see his eyes through his heavily damaged mask, but I knew that he was looking at me. I knew he was coming to save me.
























58. MAKE IT RAIN

ACE:

I WATCHED AS THE REAPER ROSE ABOVE US ALL LIKE THE angel of death rising above a raging battlefield. He had leapt thirty feet into the air as soon as Monica's scream rang out. I rushed toward them as he landed and slammed his fist against the floor, but I was too late. His fist decimated the floor, beneath him sending him, The Suspect and Monica plummeting to the level beneath.
Reaper! I screamed as I watched my best friend disappear into the chasm below. Reaper, this is Ace, come in! I repeated but to no avail. As I contemplated diving in after him, a Stranger operative fired at me from behind. I leapt out of the path of his bullet and dropped him with a throwing knife to the neck. More Strangers were filing into the building from outside by the second. Without Reaper, Wells agents were starting to get overrun. 
Echo, have Wells order his agents to focus solely on evacuating the remaining students! I yelled into my earpiece as I dodged incoming gunfire and took cover behind what was left of the stage.
10-4, Ace.
Thanks Echo. By the way, I need one more thing! I said as I dropped two incoming Strangers with a lightning quick flurry of punches and kicks.
What do you need? Echo replied in my earpiece.
Time to make it rain, buddy! I yelled.
You got it! Echo yelled as I tossed his small helicopter shaped drone into the air. Within seconds, the two mini-guns that he had installed on the sides of the drone were spinning and firing away, and The Strangers began dropping like flies. As their bodies dropped to the floor, I smiled beneath my mask as I pictured Howie glued to his display as he controlled the lethal hornet that buzzed above us as though he were playing a video game. I peeked from behind my cover as the buzzing of the drone's gunfire suddenly stopped.
The cannons are running hot, Ace. Keep them off of me for a bit, Howie ordered.
10-4, I said as I moved to stop The Strangers from firing upon Howies drone. As they targeted it, I unsheathed the sword at my hip. As they focused on taking down the drone, I silently moved amongst them, swiftly cutting them down as I passed them by.
Nice flying, Echo, I said as Howies drone did well to evade the oncoming Stranger gunfire.
Thank you, Sir! he replied as the drone suddenly steadied its flight and once again began to spit bullets back at the pursuing Strangers. I resumed my cover behind the stage and watched Howie's drone reduce their forces to nothing. It was good to see him getting some actual action in. I could tell that he secretly longed to join Reaper and me on the front lines. The modified drone gave him an opportunity to do so without putting him directly in harms way.
Suddenly, a large knife whizzed in and sent the drone crashing to the floor. 
Crap! Ace, the drone is down. You'll have to finish up without me! Howie said.
My heart skipped a beat as I located the thrower of the knife. 
10-4, I said as I cleared the lump in my throat.
How many are left? Howie asked.
Just one, I replied.
That should be a piece of cake then.
Yeah, piece of cake, I said as Tango slowly made his way toward me.
































59. RETRIBUTION

REAPER:

I REMEMBER THAT MOMENT AS IF IT WERE YESTERDAYThe floor beneath us had collapsed, sending us plummeting into the deserted level beneath. I will never forget the fear that I saw within her eyes. Beset on all sides by rubble and the corpses of fallen Strangers and our classmates, she cowered in the center of the nearly demolished room. I watched as he stood before her, thrusting an enormous .50 caliber pistol in her direction. 
Outside, Agent Wells men continued to surround the building as The Suspect contemplated his next move. He knew it was only a matter of time.
You don't have to do this, she pleaded. It was the only thing she could say. He said nothing as the dead eyes of his Greek Tragedy mask stared coldly at her.
Do something, I thought. But suddenly, I was paralyzed by fear. My mask was so heavily damaged in the fall that I had to discard it in order to see. If I stepped out of the shadows in which I stood, she would finally see my face. At last, she would know what I could do.
I desperately wanted to help her. But how could I save her and risk her finding out that I had killed her father? I couldnt determine if it would be better to allow her to die or save her and let her hate me forever. Who was I kidding? I was no hero. Heroes instantly take action when needed. They dont stop to consider the morbid question that clouded my mind.
With his gun still trained on her, he took a small step forward. I had made my decision. I remember closing my eyes and hearing the thundering gunshot.

I NEEDED TO HEAR IT. I NEEDED TO WITNESS THE IMPENDING death whistling toward her, in order to move as fast as I did. Without the massive adrenaline rush triggered by seeing the death that barreled down upon her, I could never have crossed the room in enough time to throw myself in front of that bullet. 
Stay behind me! I yelled to Monica, as the bullet hit my armored chest and bounced away. She cowered and took refuge against my back as The Suspect fired his entire clip at us. I shielded my face as the incoming bullets slammed against my body armor and bounced away. They didnt hurt because of the adrenaline that flowed within my veins, but I knew that I would feel them later.
As The Suspect's pistol ran dry, he produced another clip from his belt and scrambled to reload the gun. In a blur, I was upon him. A cold shiver shot down my spine as I clasped my right hand around his throat and his limbs fell limp as I cut off his air. I had waited a long time for that moment, but I couldn't end it so quickly. I wanted to know the true face of the monster that had taken my brother away. I needed to look into his eyes as I ended his life.
With my left hand, I crushed the tragedy mask that he wore and tore it from his face.
My heart stopped and I couldn't believe my eyes as I saw his face. As we gazed into each others eyes, I could tell that he was just as surprised by my identity as I was by his.







60. ACE VS TANGO

ACE:

I WASN'T AFRAID OF HIM. I WAS TERRIFIED. THE LAST TIME we fought, I had Reaper at my side and we still lost. I had been fighting since the day I was born, but I had never faced an opponent as fearsome as Tango. He was as fast and as strong as they came, and his ability to counterattack was unparalleled. 
He stopped his approach when we were ten feet apart. Besides us, the gym was now empty as Wells men were focusing on securing the outside and getting the survivors to safety. 
Just you and me now, kid, he said in that deep raspy voice of his. 
Look around Tango, this fight is over, I replied while masking my fear. I sheathed my sword, in part because he had not yet drawn his swords and partially because I was hoping to avoid fighting him alone.
The way I see it, you and me have unfinished business, kid. I never got the chance to finish mopping the floor with you and that partner of yours.
I see what this is, I said, smugly, You're still pissing your panties about me making you kiss the deck last time, aren't you? I took out your buddy Charlie a few weeks ago. After I beat him into submission, he told me how you had never even been hit in a fight before I popped you with that six piece.
I'd like to see you do it again! he barked.
You want any sauce with that this time? I shot back. It had become obvious that there was no way of avoiding the fight, so I was trying to make him angry. Contrary to popular belief, anger is one of the worst emotions to experience during a fight. Anger causes sloppiness, and that was exactly what I needed from Tango. I needed him to get sloppy so that I could slip past his defenses and land a good shot. Since he had never really been hit much, I figured that he didn't have much of a chin. If I landed a good enough shot, perhaps I could end it quickly. 
Just remember that you asked for it, kid. And dont even think about calling the boy scouts back in here. The entire place is wired with explosives. If I even smell them coming, I'll blow us all to hell, Tango declared as he prepared to attack.
Did you copy that, Echo? I asked as I tightened my headband and struck a defensive stance.
10-4. I'll keep the boys at bay. Hang in there, Ace.
As Tango leapt forward and prepared to strike, I could only see his left eye, which was the one that wasn't covered by the half-face mask that he wore. His gaze was cold and focused. I knew it would take much more than smack talk to get him off his game. 
I blocked his heavy blow but stumbled backward from the force. He was only slightly faster than me but he was considerably stronger. 
I continued to concentrate on defense as his tiger-like strikes rained in. As I backpedaled and repeatedly blocked his lightning quick attacks, I kept searching in vain for an opening. It wasnt that his defense was so impregnable that I couldnt find an opening. He simply struck so quickly and viciously that I didn't have time to analyze his defense. 
He finally broke through my guard with a crushing left hook to my ribs and a spinning backhand to the face. He followed up a solid kick to my chest, which sent me toppling to the floor. As I hit the deck, I sprang right back to my feet as quickly as possible and leapt to my left just as he tried to stomp me. A chill shot down my spine as I finally saw an opening.
Against my better judgment, I launched a fierce left jab at his head. I missed the punch by less than an inch as he leapt away just in the knick of time. He countered with another leaping left hook to my ribs. I ignored the sting of his strike, and I successfully blocked his next punch and returned fire with a left jab as I moved to his right. Again, my blow was less than an inch away from hitting its mark when he leapt backward in the knick of time. Frustrated, I foolishly rushed him and ripped a four-punch flurry that Tango easily evaded before landing another crushing hook to my ribs. I spat blood inside my mask as the fire that exploded in my ribs spread throughout my body.
Seemingly taking his foot off of the gas for a bit, Tango circled me as I doubled over to catch my breath. Body shots, kid. That's the most effective way to take down an opponent. I'll give you one thing: you're almost as fast as I am, but I doubt you can continue to keep up once I drop a few more hammers on your ribcage.
You call those hammers? I'd say you hit like my little sister, but I wouldn't want to offend her! I quipped. My timing was perfect as he dove. I leapt to his right as soon as he sprang for me. My brain screamed at my fist as I once again saw the opening. I fired a vicious left hook that connected with the right side of his face, knocking him to the deck for the first time that night. I heaved for much-needed air as he pulled himself to his feet.
Run and watch for the right. Charlie's words rang in my head as Tango and I glared at each other, each waiting for the other to make the next move. At first I thought Charlie meant watch for Tango's right-handed attacks, but as I gazed upon his icy glare, I realized what Charlie really meant. Whenever I attacked Tango from his left, he always blocked my attacks with relative ease, but when I attacked from his right, he instinctively leapt away revealing a significant vulnerability. I knew this could only mean one of two things. Either the mask he wore over his right eye made it difficult for him to see from that side or he simply couldn't see out of that eye at all. 
I wasn't fast enough to evade his pounce, but I did well to block most of his ensuing attacks before I managed to slip to his right again. Just as I suspected, he instinctively leapt backward as soon as I disappeared from his field of vision, but this time I leapt with him. He literally couldn't have seen my leaping uppercut coming. His head snapped back as he stumbled and tumbled to the floor. He was able to quickly pull himself to his feet, but I could tell that he was dazed.
Though dazed, he was still Tango. I fought the urge to charge him because I didnt want to open myself up to one of his fight ending counterattacks. Instead, I waited for him to attack and, once again, slid into his blind spot. Instead of leaping backward, he tried to duck but met a bone-crunching left knee to his face. I hit him five more times before he had even hit the floor.
He quickly leapt to his feet once more and unsheathed the tactical ninja swords on his back.
It's over, Tango, I said firmly as I placed my right hand on the sword at my waist.
You land a few punches and all of a sudden you think you've won?! he yelled.
I'd hardly call that a few. I certainly understand how you could have lost count though, I shot back.
There's only one way this ends, kid, Tango declared as he tightened his grip on his two swords.
I don't want to kill you, Tango, I warned as I thumbed my sword up an inch.
Then you've already lost! he shouted as he darted for me. I quickly unsheathed my sword and blocked his incoming assault. He was slightly faster than me in hand-to-hand-combat, but when it came to swordplay we were evenly matched. The last time we fought, I was far too aggressive and had consequently gotten stabbed in the shoulder. I didnt intend to make that same mistake twice.
We blazed a trail around the dance floor as our steel clashed time and time again. I was holding my own but the two to one sword ratio was giving him a slight edge. I suddenly leapt away and twisted the top and the bottom of my swords handle in opposite directions in order to even the odds. Tango froze in disbelief as brilliant blue bolts of electricity shot up the blade of my sword. 
Pretty neat, huh? I mocked as I held my electrified sword before me.
Leave it to an amateur to bring a glow stick to a sword fight! Tango yelled as he lunged forward and swung his right sword for my head. Bright blue sparks flew as our blades clashed and his sword broke in two.
I barely evaded a violent sweep of his left sword as I tucked and rolled behind him. He stumbled forward as I sprang to my feet and raised my sword above my head. 
I froze. His back was turned and I had him dead to rights. If I wanted to, I could have plunged my blade into his back and instantly ended the fight.
Just like I thought, kid. You'll never win. You don't have what it takes to end this fight, he growled with his back still facing me.
I don't have to kill you to end this, I stated calmly.
That's where you're wrong! Tango roared as he spun into a powerful sweep of his sword, but by the time that he had spun to his left in hopes of catching me off guard, I had already slipped to his right and effectively vanished from his field of vision. I kept my promise and ended the fight by plunging my last throwing knife into his left eye. He fell to his knees and unleashed a painful scream as blood trickled down his face. 
Echo, this is Ace. Tango has been neutralized. Have the boys pick him up from the dance floor, I said as I twisted the handle of my sword in order to shut off the blades power supply.
10-4. Nicely done, Ace! Do you have visual on Reaper? He's not responding.
Negative. He, The Suspect, and Monica fell into the classroom below. I'm going in after them.
I have to advise against that, Ace. You need to get clear of the blast radius. The Reaper can take care of The Suspect, Howie replied.
It's not The Suspect that I'm worried about, I thought as I gazed at the chasm that Reaper had disappeared into.













61. HARBINGER

REAPER:

IT WAS LIKE STARING INTO THE EYES OF A GHOST. THERE are no words capable of describing how I felt when I tore The Suspect's mask away only to reveal the face of my older brother PJ.
How how is it possible? I asked as I released him and stumbled backward in disbelief.
You fool! You're not supposed to be here! The reason why I chose the prom is because I knew that you wouldn't come! PJ bellowed, his eyes ignited with rage. 
It was hard to catch my breath as I struggled to grasp the reality of this revelation. After all, PJ was supposed to be dead. So how was it that he stood before me? And why was he wearing the outfit of The Suspect? The man that I had grown to hate because of his own death?
PJ, you're dead! You died at Fox Valley State! I declared.
I'm not dead, Adam. I just did a good job of making everyone think so, he said calmly.
You are dead! The Suspect killed you! I retorted, feeling as though I had lost my grip on reality.
I am The Suspect! he bellowed, agitated by my disbelief. And apparently you're The Reaper.
This doesn't make any sense, PJ. Why would you do this? I asked. 
It makes perfect sense. I faked my death in order to fully devote myself to the calling.
What calling? What are you talking about? I demanded.
I was chosen, brother. I was chosen by The Righteous to help bring chaos to this world because of its support of the persecutors of Eden.
I heard Monica gasp behind me as PJ mention Eden, the name of the planet that she had dreamed about as a child. I was so caught up in the shock of discovering that PJ was alive that I had forgotten that she was present.
PJ, what have you done? What have you gotten yourself into? I questioned.
Its my destiny, brother, but it doesnt have to be me alone. You can join me. Join me now before its too late!
What do you mean before its too late?
The Righteous is their leader. Hes been stranded here on Earth for over forty years but the Knights of Eden are coming for him. The Strangers are only the beginning. The chaos that we have given birth to will continue to spread and infect this nation. In the months to come, more domestic terror cells will rise from the abyss and continue to plunge this country into oblivion. When they comewhen the Knights of Eden descend upon us, this world will be so wounded from tearing itself apart that it wont stand a chance at fighting back. You have to join me, brother! It is the only way to ensure your survival!
PJ, you're a murderer! You've killed hundreds of people! How can you expect me to be okay with that?! I demanded.
Whatever I've done pales in comparison to the atrocities that this world has committed against the sons and daughters of Eden!
PJ, you have to stop this! You have to stop it right now! This is The Righteous talking, not you! Hes brainwashing you, brother!
Don't you dare take his name in vain! He did not brainwash me! He saved me! Because of him, I am no longer trapped within the sordid confines of that miserable state of poverty to which I had grown accustomed. Because of him, I am no longer forced to live in a world that insists upon me hating myself. Its because of him that I now have a purpose in life. He said that I can go there, brother. Once Eden is reclaimed and my work here is done, he said that I can join them. 
PJs eyes pleaded with me to understand and accept his point of view, but I couldnt see past the extremism of his actions. He must have seen my thoughts within my facial expression because his face suddenly twisted into a scowl as he watched me.
PJ, I just cant understand this. How could you leave us? How could you make us think you were dead?! 
Of course you can't understand! You're not the one that got beaten to a pulp three times a day! She never let him touch you! PJ roared.
And you think I had it easy?! You think I enjoyed watching him beat on you and Mom and not being able to do anything about it?
Liar! I've seen what you can do! You're the freaking Reaper! Where was all your power then, brother? Where was your strength when he was breaking my arm?! You could've torn him in half if you had wanted to, yet you did nothing to stop him!
I didn't know what I could do back then, PJ! You have to know that I would have protected you if I had known.
How convenient. Well, there's no need to worry about protecting me from him anymore, brother. It's been taken care of. I did what you and all your power couldn't do.
My eyes widened with disbelief as I realized what he was alluding to. 
Yes, I killed him, brother, PJ boasted, darkly.
Damn you, PJ, I growled, fighting hard not to rush over and rip his throat out.
You ungrateful maggot! You and Mother should both be thanking me for ending that miserable waste of space. You're just as worthless as she is- 
In a blur, I zoomed over and pinned him against the wall by his neck.
She killed herself, you idiot! I roared as I tightened my grip around his throat. You may as well have tied the rope around her neck yourself!
Then let her burn, he hissed, barely able to speak due to my iron grip around his scrawny neck. 
You knew how much she loved him! You knew she couldnt live without him! I howled as I tightened my grip.
Adam, you're killing him! Monica yelled from somewhere behind me. I ignored the desperation in her voice and prepared to squeeze until his head literally popped off.
The bloodshot eyes that stared back at me were no longer the eyes of my older brother. The cold within him had infected his soul beyond repair. He was a monster  something akin to the same darkness that festered within my own heart. I was so blinded by hatred that I had failed to recognize that, throughout my journey to avenge what I thought was his death, I too was becoming a monster.
Monica screamed for me to stop and yanked at my coat as his arms fell limp, but the sound of my violently beating heart echoing in my head made it impossible to hear her pleas. I could feel his pulse slowing beneath my fingers as my own heartbeat quickened. 
In one final effort, Monica attempted to yank me away as hard as she could. I barely moved an inch, but as I glanced over my shoulder at her, I finally saw it. The scowl from my dreams was made real at last. That all too familiar hatred smoldered in her eyes as she desperately clung to the part of me that had not yet given in to the darkness in my heart. It wasnt me that she hated; it was the monster that I was allowing myself to become. My bloodlust was instantly extinguished as I realized that I had broken my vow to never let that moment come to pass. 
My brother fell to the ground as I released him and stumbled away. The walls seemed to close in on me as I collapsed to the floor. I suddenly felt immobile as if I was encased in a thick web of the unavoidable fate that had finally caught up to me.
They're coming, Adam. You can't stop them. None of you can, PJ muttered from across the room. I looked over just in time to see him press the button on a small device in his right hand. Suddenly, a blinding flash of light filled the room and a thunderous explosion echoed throughout the building. 
The ensuing rush of adrenaline allowed me to finally break free of the webs of fate that had ensnared me. I stood and zipped across the room and pulled Monica away from the clutches of the blaze that threatened to consume the room. In less time than it took to take a single breath, I rocketed down the hall as the searing tide of conflagration rose and spread rapidly in all directions.
Thousands of droplets of water from the sprinklers seemingly hung suspended in midair as I stormed down the hall in less time than it took for a single drop to fall to the floor. 
By the time I reached the dance floor, I was moving so fast that even the flames seemed motionless. The hardwood floor cracked and buckled under the pressure of my supersonic bounds. As I crossed the dance floor, I cradled Monica's head tightly and, with one great leap, reduced the floor beneath me to a crater. Blistering tendrils of flame anxiously clutched for my feet as we sailed through the hole that I had left in the ceiling earlier and ascended into the night sky.
It happened almost exactly as it did in my dreams. But as we reached the peak of my ascension and the force of the wind that enveloped us lessened, I couldnt bear to look at her. I didn't deserve to. I had caused her father's death by not saving him, and for a split second contemplated allowing her to die as well in order to keep her from discovering my betrayal.
Though I had pulled her away from the fiery abyss below, I couldnt help but feel as though she was the one that had actually saved me. It was the thought of her that had kept me from drowning Fat Pat that day in the bathroom. It was she who stopped me from breaking my own brother's neck with my bare hands and becoming a monster just like him. 
I felt Monicas body suddenly grow tense as our drift became a decent.
It's okay, I whispered as I watched the silvery moonlight reflect from the surface of the dark waters of Lake Victoria below us. I held her as tightly as possible and straightened my body as we plunged into icy water. The once still water erupted into a geyser as we disappeared below the surface. 
After a few minutes, the surface of Lake Victoria grew still once more. We floated near the bottom for what seemed like an eternity. An iciness crept over me as I thought of those very waters freezing my father's already cold heart as he met his end. I also thought of my mother's frigid gaze as she stared back at me from the rope. Her eyes were as cold as the water that beset me and the love of my lifeas cold as the light from a dying star. Were it only me at the bottom of that lake, perhaps I would have joined them, but I owed Monica so much more than life. She was my savior and I owed her everything.
The still waters on the surface of Lake Victoria exploded once more as we finally shot out of the lake and landed safely on the shore of my father's watery grave.

62. FOR BETTER OR FOR MADNESS
 http://youtu.be/GlNB7hPelh0

MONICA SAT ON THE SHORE OF LAKE VICTORIA FOR SEVERAL minutes without a word. I stood in silence behind her as the grey haze of Lake Victorias thick layer of fog wrapped around us like a blanket. I had asked if she was okay, but she didn't respond. I turned my back to her and had almost given up hope when I finally heard her stand.
In less than a second I was by her side. It was hard for me to even look at her, but I knew that I owed her an explanation. I knew that I had to tell her the truth before I disappeared from her life forever. Soon I would join Wells' crusade against The Righteous, and something told me that he didnt run the type of operation where you got to keep a steady girlfriend. 
What are you? she finally asked, peering at me through teary eyes.
I don't know, I muttered softly. It hurt to hear her ask that question. The way she looked when she asked made me feel like I wasn't even human.
How can you not know, Adam? she asked, obviously frustrated by my answer.
I wish I had a better answer, but the truth is, I don't know what I am. I used to think I was just a human with a peculiar condition, but to be honest, I'm starting to seriously doubt if I'm even human at all.
But what about your parents? What about your brother? Is he- was he like you as well?
They're not my real family. And I'm not Adam Reaper. Before my mother killed herself, she wrote me a letter. In the letter she said that one night my father mistakenly killed their six-month-old son, Adam Reaper, in a drunken rage. He was too drunk to remember, and PJ was too young. As my mother stood in the bathroom of the Quic-Mart, contemplating buying tools to bury the body of her dead son, she was given a small child by a mysterious woman. By the time my mother realized that there was something wrong with the child, the mysterious woman had vanished. In her note, my mother called the woman an angel and considered the child a gift from God because she had prayed for a way to hide her son's death in order to save my father, and just like that, she had it.
You were the child, Monica whispered, her eyes wide with disbelief.
Yes, but the woman was no angel. And I'm no gift from God. I believe that woman was my mother. My real mother.
How do you know if it's true? How can you be sure that she's not delusional?
Because Ive seen his grave. I followed my mother into the woods and she led me right to it. As I stared down at the grave of the person whose life I had stolen, I finally realized why she was always so sad on my birthday. It was because it was really his day an annual reminder of the treacherous web of lies that she had been spinning the entire time. It was the one day where her delusion of thinking that I was a gift from God was not enough to bring her comfort.
Do you hate her?
Yes, but as much as it hurts, I love her too. She could have thrown me away the second she realized that I was different, but she didn't.
How long have you known what you can do? she asked quietly. My heart skipped a beat as she finished her question. I knew what she was really asking.
Long enough, I choked out as a tear trickled down my cheek. Monica, I'm sorry I didnt save him. I wanted to, but when I saw the look in his eyes when I snapped the seat belts, I froze. My chin quivered as her eyes glossed over.
I hung my head as she placed her soft hand on my right cheek.
My father died because of a car accident, not because of you. I don't blame you for his death, she finally said.
If there ever was a person that I did not deserve, it was Monica Stripling. I had kept countless secrets from her and failed to save her father despite having the power to do so, yet she still forgave me. Even when she had every right to hate me, she acted as though she had no choice but to love me.
Thank you, I said as I pulled her into my arms.
What are you going to do now? she asked.
I have to go away, I whispered. Her body tensed, and she suddenly pulled away from me.
Why? Why do you have to leave? she demanded, her eyes wide with fear.
Somethings coming, Monica. I can feel it. I've got to be ready for it.
But why you? You're just a teenager! Its not your job to save the world!
Because no one else can do what I can. If I stay here, if I dont help, theyre saying we could lose the country. From the way my brother spoke, I fear we may lose even more than that. There is nothing more that I would rather do than spend the rest of my life with you, but Ive realized that I can either save the world or I can choose to enjoy it, but I can't do both.
Adam, you cant go! she whimpered as pearl shaped tears streamed from her wide, luminous eyes.
But I have to. If I dont-
If you do, youll die! Just like you do in my dreams! she screamed, taking me by surprise.
Your dreams? Monica what are you talking about? I asked. 
In my dream, you die, Adam. Were all gathered in that palace on Eden because of your funeral! Dont you see? Eden is real. The Eden from my dream has to be the same one that your brother spoke about. Its not a coincidence.
Monica, how can you have dreamed about me before you had even met me? You said your dreams started when you were younger.
I cant explain it, but its true. Ive had that same dream since I was twelve years old and every time it happensevery time I open my eyes and find myself standing before those people, I see your lifeless body lying on a table in front of me.
Monica, its just a dream. I cant let that stop me, I said firmly.
But what if its not just a dream? What if its as real as it feels to me?
Then maybe Ill finally have the answers Ive been searching for. Theres a reason why I can do the things that I can do, and maybe this place has something to do with it. I need this, Monica. You have to let me go, I said as I placed my hands softly on her cheeks.
If you leave, then Im coming with you, she insisted.
Monica, you cant. Its too dangerous. If something happened to you, I dont know what Id do.
Her glistening eyes and quivering chin made it hard for me to continue to deny her, but I had to stick to my guns. She could tell by the look in my eyes that I was not going to agree to her coming with me.
Will I ever see you again? she finally asked, her shoulders trembling with grief as her tears continued to stream down her cheeks. It hurt to see her in so much pain, but in the end, I felt that I was doing the right thing.
Ill come back for you. When this is all over, Ill find you, I said, instinctively. Her eyes were still blurred with tears as she looked up at me, but the glimmer of hope that emerged within them let me know that I had made a mistake in saying that. I had no idea what I was getting myself into when it came to taking on The Righteous. Not only was I completely unaware of how long this journey would last, but I had no idea if I would even be capable of returning. 
Do you promise? she asked as she gazed into my eyes.
Yes, I whispered. It felt like another lie, but in that moment I silently made a vow. For better or for madness, I would do whatever it took to get back to her.

MINUTES LATER, SHE WAS CLINGING TO MY BACK AS I BLAZED a trail from Lake Victoria to her house. I remember hoping that she would forget me. That would have made it easier for both of us. As I left her, I made her promise not to try to come after me, but I knew that she wouldnt listen. As I stormed away into the night, something told me that nothing would stop her from finding me.














EPILOGUE: MIKE WELLS

AGENT WELLS:

MIKE, I KNOW YOU SAID NOT TO DISTURB YOU BUT YOU have a call from Jason Kilpatrick. He says its urgent, chimed a voice through the speaker of my desk phone. This was Cynthia, my personal assistant.
She was the only person that I allowed to call me Mike. To everyone else, I was Agent Wells or Special Agent Wells.
Send him through, I replied.
Will do. By the way, you sound stressed. Is everything alright? she asked, her voice dripping with genuine concern.
Saving the world is a tough gig, Cynthia. Being stressed out is a part of my job description, I chuckled.
Whatever you say, Mike. Ill put Jason right through, she replied.
Thank you.
Hello? Wells, are you there? Jason asked.
Yes, Im here. Whatve you got? It had better be important if youre calling me on this line.
It is. I wanted to give you a heads up about The Reaper. He knows about Eden.
My heart skipped a beat. 
What makes you think that? I questioned.
He told me that The Suspect mentioned it. He had questions, but I pretended not to know anything.
Why would he ask you? Does he know that you really work for me? I asked.
Of course not, Jason boasted.
Good. Lets keep it that way, I said firmly. How much did The Suspect tell him about Eden? Does he know that its a planet?
Im not sure. If he does, he didnt mention it. I didnt pry because I didnt want him to get suspicious.
That was a good call. Nice work, Ace. Ill take it from here-
There's one more thing, Sir, he interrupted before I could end the call.
And what's that? I asked.
He's not the only person that knows. The girl was present as well and now they both know that The Righteous isnt from Earth.
I see. Keep your eyes open, Ace. I'll be in touch.
Thank you, sir, Jason said before hanging up the phone.
I had taken a calculated risk by allowing The Reaper to accompany Ace and Echo on that last mission. Doing so had earned me his support, but at the risk of him finding out the truth about Eden and The Righteous. 
In time, I intended to let him know about his people, but it had to come from me, not from an indoctrinated propaganda machine like The Suspect. He needed to hear my side of the story so that he would know that he was on the right side of this war.
It troubled me that I didnt know how much he already knew. My only hope was that The Suspect had not told him the one thing that could sway his allegiance. For the sake of this world, I hoped that Adam did not yet know that The Righteous was his father.








END OF PART ONE

Ace, Reaper and Echo will return in:

SAVIOR: PART 2
Son of Eden

Coming in the Spring of 2015

















There is no mercy in darknessthere are only broken bones and captured souls.

The Righteous






















ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

Back in 2006 when I conceived the original idea for Savior I could instantly tell that it had the potential to become some of my best work. It took me over half a decade to actually start writing it because it was one of those projects I didnt want to start until I knew that I could do it the justice that it deserved.
In 2011 I finally decided to breathe life into the seed of an idea that I had created because not only had I become a much more talented writer, but I had finally acquired the support of the team that I needed in order to bring my complete vision to life. 
Without the artwork created by the insanely talented Damian Bradley, the experience that I wanted to produce with Savior would not have been possible.
The same can be said about the Savior Soundtrack which was produced by my friend and former colleague Travis Schroder.
Thank you to Jessica King, Yvonne Bradley, Pat Bradley and Katie Cary for your countless hours of copyediting.
Also thank you to my beta readers, Joanna Warren, Shantae Chester, and Javon Toney.
Thank you to my frequent collaborator, Juan Lopez, for always pushing me to become a better writer.
And most importantly, thank you, my valued readers. I sincerely hope that you will enjoy the world that we have created with this project and I look forward to bringing you much more from the Savior universe in the future.









ABOUT THE AUTHOR


AARON BRADLEY grew up in a tiny town in southwest Georgia. As a child, he would often turn to reading and art instead of wrestling his six siblings for control of their households lone television. What began as an alternative form of entertainment soon became his passion as he developed a powerful love for storytelling.
His debut novel Savior is a daring, complex, and unforgettable take on the Heros Jorney that delivers a perfect blend of captivating action and suspense.


For more updates and information regarding future released from The Savior Series follow A. King Bradley on Twitter and Facebook at @akingbradley.
















