


The Spiders of Halros







P.D. Kalnay




Misprint Press Publishing

Copyright 2015 P.D. Kalnay

ISBN: 978-0-9940277-0-2

Cover Design by P.D. Kalnay


Author Website: http://www.pdkalnay.com/the-arros-chronicles.html


All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the publisher, except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages in a review to be printed by a newspaper, magazine, or journal.


All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events, locals, or persons, living or dead is coincidental.




Smashwords Edition, Licence Notes
This ebook is licenced for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.


Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1 - Princesses
Chapter 2 - The Ball
Chapter 3 - Princes
Chapter 4 - Treason
Chapter 5 - Spells
Chapter 6 - Plans
Chapter 7 - Leave Takings
Chapter 8 - Secrets
Chapter 9 - The Seventh Pass
Chapter 10 - The North Keep
Chapter 11 - A Letter
Chapter 12 - Stave
Chapter 13 - Allan's Secret
Chapter 14 - The Vale of Halros
Chapter 15 - Snakewood
Chapter 16 - The Fever Swamps
Chapter 17 - Into the Dell
Chapter 18 - Conspiracy
Chapter 19 - Ruth
Chapter 20 - Spiders
Chapter 21 - The Foe Cleaver
Chapter 22 - Sophia's Choice
Chapter 23 - Master Drake
Chapter 24 - The Sixth Great Spell
Chapter 25 - A Dragon Hunt
Chapter 26 - Out of the Vale
Chapter 27 - Traitors
Chapter 28 - Daniel's Reply
Chapter 29 - Eyes to See
Chapter 30 - The Travellers Return
Chapter 31 - The Next Step
Epilogue
Appendix




Prologue
At the midnight hour, three separate figures approached a small, circular, lake.  The summer solstice was at hand and two of the three had celebrations of a sort to prepare.  The waters of the lake bubbled gently, like a pot of soup set to simmer at the back of a stove. A thick mist rose from the surface, obscuring both moon and stars.  None of the conspirators had any need of light to find their way.  At the shoreline they met, but kept a cautious distance.  Long memories gave each good reason to distrust the others. It was an unlikely meeting in any age, even more so in these later days.  Witch, elf and fairy appraised one another for a long time before breaking the night's silence.
"The next step in our plan is complete," the witch finally said.
She was an ancient creature who looked, at first glance, like an old woman in the last years of a long life.  On closer inspection, it would quickly become obvious, even to the most unobservant, that she was a creature of great power.
"And our tools are still ignorant of how we're using them?" The elf asked.
The elf was tall for his kind, but he wouldn't have been mistaken for human except at great distance. His smooth face belied the many centuries he'd walked the earth and only silver hair hinted at his long years. He performed every movement with a perfect grace no human could have matched. Alone of the three, he was visibly armed, wearing a slender sword at his waist and jet black mail that absorbed the small amount of light surrounding him.
"Entirely ignorant," the witch answered with a cruel, self-satisfied, smile. "He paid me for the venom."
The elf didn't return the witch's smile, but he did nod his approval.
"You stay silent," the witch said, addressing the third member of their gathering. "Do you still have doubts?"
The fairy, who represented the Little Folk, was one of the few who lived up to the name.  No more than two hand spans tall, she hovered on gossamer wings and emitted gentle golden light from her tiny naked body.
"No," replied the fairy, "the Sacred Groves are gone and we are now so diminished that we will never again be what we once were. If you hadn't already convinced me, I wouldn't be here. Trapped together in this prison, revenge is all that remains to us."
***
Sophia knelt on the carpet in the centre of her bedroom. Five silver discs, each inscribed with a rune, surrounded her. The carpet was a work of art, the masterpiece of some long dead weaver. Sophia was far less interested in the complex pattern of the carpet than the pain in her knees. For the hundredth time, she began a mantra meant to clear her mind of distraction and focus it on the task at hand. Yet again she failed to find the inner peace she sought. After three long hours of unsuccessful attempts, she pushed herself to her feet.
The pain in Sophia's knees dissipated as she moved about the room. She poured a glass of water from the pitcher on the night stand, sat at the edge of her bed, and cried. After a few minutes of self-pity, she wiped away her tears and returned to her kneeling position on the carpet. Sophia had no one in her life with whom she felt comfortable sharing her feelings. Her older sister Catherine was the only person she might claim as an actual friend, and she would have found Sophia's tears surprising. Sophia was always careful to show strength and control in public. She was certain that even the man, who had been her mentor for the past five years, didn't know her secret shame.
I will succeed, Sophia told herself.
For the hundredth and first time she began the mantra. The words she spoke silently in her mind came without conscious effort. Finally, a long sought stillness settled over Sophia. With each breath, she drew in more of her magic. When she couldn't hold any more power inside, she channelled the magic into the disc on the carpet in front of her. The rune on the disc lit with a pale silver light. Slowly, as though passing through water, the disc rose up into the air. At last, the disc steadied, floating level with her head in front of her. Sophia moved on a second and then a third disc. Only two discs remained. She would do it this time.
Sophia sent her magic into the fourth disc, directly behind her. She couldn't see it, but that didn't matter. The runes carved into the discs let her see them with her mind's eye and provided the conduits for her magic. The discs were one test required to become a full sorceress, and she was determined to make them fly. She'd managed three discs at the age of thirteen. A remarkable feat, as her master had repeatedly pointed out. Sophia hadn't told him that a fourth had followed soon after. The responsible study of magic was supposed to go hand-in-hand with patience and caution. For the last year, Sophia had struggled with both.
The forth disc rose with a wobble the others hadn't exhibited. When it reached the height of the first three, Sophia lost her focus, and with it, control of the magic. The discs fell to floor. The sound was muffled by the carpet, but Sophia didn't notice. Magic from all four discs returned to her in a rush. Her hair stood on end as the power raced through her body like electricity running down every vein and nerve. Quickly, she released her power and slumped down onto the carpet, tears flowing for the second time that morning.
Five years before, when Sophia had first shown signs of having the Gift, she'd been tested and pronounced a prodigy. Her master told her she had more natural talent than any practitioner of magic born in his lifetime. She'd been on track to becoming the youngest person ever to pass the tests and become full sorceress. Given her performance over the past year, that now seemed unlikely. If anything, she was going backwards. Focus and control were considered far more important to The Conclave than raw power and Sophia could no longer manage either.
Her mentor, Master Drake, told her she was too hard on herself. That she was still young, and such things couldn't be rushed. Sophia appreciated his kind words, but she knew the truth. A dark sadness was growing inside her every day. It robbed her of control and made the idea of finding balance laughable. Every time she tried to find the oneness that responsible magic use required, she found other thoughts intruding, destroying her calm. Sophia wondered how she could so miss something she'd never really had. For a time, she lay on the floor weeping. She knew she should let her feelings go, the way she'd been taught, so they didn't contaminate her magic. But those emotions were hers and she was unwilling to part with them. Sophia forcibly pushed them down, stuffing everything deep inside. Then she collected the discs, packed them away in their box, and put on the mask she showed to the world.
***
Catherine finished her book and set it on her desk. Although the door of her office was closed, she still looked around guiltily. As the Assistant Chief Librarian of the royal library, she had no lack of work needing to be done. She rested a hand on the book. It was a steamy romance novel that wasn't part of the library's collection. In fact, it was part of Catherine's own private, secret collection, along with dozens of other similar books. Long ago she'd decided there was nothing wrong with reading a bit of fluff, now and then, in between more scholarly works. Catherine knew her sisters would be shocked to learn that their tall bookish sister had a secret addiction to romantic stories. She knew she was the least attractive of her siblings and her chances at secret admirers, or living inside an epic romance, were poor. But for an hour every day, when she ate her lunch alone in her office, Catherine lived another life inside of her books.
***
Maybe I should leave this until later, Kristina thought. It was almost her birthday after all. She sat at her desk pouring over the Kingdom's accounts. Thick ledgers spread around her as she checked and double checked the many numbers and ensured they added up the way they should. Kristina had an aptitude for mathematics and she understood the principles of accounting, but it was a task she dreaded. Her father said a ruler should at least understand the jobs of those he, or she, ruled. The result was that, once again, Kristina found herself buried deep in tax records and surrounded by trade agreements. She idly wondered what her younger sister Alexandra was doing at that moment. She was sure Alexandra was off having fun somewhere.
***
A young man and woman crouched under the cover of darkness at the wooded edge of a small clearing. Both wore greens and browns which would have provided good camouflage even had the sun been high in the sky. From hiding, they observed two roughly dressed men, sitting by a campfire, eating a dinner of roast rabbit. The men were oblivious to their watchers and their conversation.
"You have to go," Allan whispered.
"Are you going?" asked Alexandra, just as quietly.
"No, but she isn't my sister."
"She practically is, but that's not why you aren't going is it?"
Allan didn't answer and Alexandra shook her head.
"Keep your secrets," she whispered. "We have other things to do first anyway."
"I can take care of this," Allan said. "There're only two of them, and you should head out soon if you're going to get there in time."
"I'm not leaving you without backup."
"There are only two of them."
"I'm not leaving." Alexandra insisted.
"Then stay here and cover me with your bow," Allan whispered. "It's my job, and I have no intention of having to explain to your father how I got you hurt or killed."
Alexandra could tell that there would be no arguing with him.
"Shouldn't you get to it then?"
Allan decided not to respond to that and stood up. He moved silently around the clearing. Alexandra saw him approach the campfire, from the far side, a few minutes later. She knocked an arrow and waited to see how things played out. Allan approached the men and wasted no time in getting to the point.
"You're under arrest," he said. "The charges are banditry and murder."
The men jumped up from the fire, letting their dinner fall to the ground. Each drew a broadsword from his belt and neither looked inclined to surrender.
"Are you sure you want to do that?" Allan asked calmly. "Your chances are far better at trial."
"Only one of you," the taller of the two men said. "I like these odds just fine."
"They're probably not as good as you believe," Allan warned.
"Enough talking," the shorter man growled.
Both men attacked at once. In the dim, flickering, light of the campfire, Alexandra didn't see Allan's sword move. She did see the two men fall dead at his feet.
"I think your last excuse for avoiding the party is gone," Allan said.
***
Julia stared into the fireplace in her bedroom. Living so high in the mountains, some of the fireplaces in the castle burned, well into summer, to take away the evening's chill. Julia never tired of looking at fire. The sight of flames consuming wood kept her entranced for hours on end. As a toddler her nannies and sisters often found her sitting in front of a hearth, smiling and drooling, watching things burn. At thirteen, Julia recognised that her obsession was odd, and she made a point of hiding it from others. Alone in her room, away from prying eyes, she could watch the flames to her hearts content. Julia already felt so different from everybody else. She had no wish to add any more strangeness to the list. She thought Laura might understand. Her tiny sister understood a lot of things that others missed, but she decided it wasn't worth the risk.
***
"Get down from there," insisted Laura.
She reached up again and tried to grab the old tomcat that had jumped up onto the highest shelf in her bedroom. It was no use. The cat may as well have been twenty feet up instead of six. Laura stood just a little over four and a half feet, and although she was perfectly proportioned and attractive, she'd have traded some of that for a few more inches of height. She was used to people assuming she was much younger than her fifteen years, but the annoyance of not being able to reach things was unending. Laura's greatest treasures were placed on that shelf, to keep them safe, and many of them were quite breakable.
"Very well then," she said to the cat. Laura looked up sternly, with her hands on her hips. "You're forcing me to use more extreme measures."
The old tomcat looked down entirely unconcerned by her warning. That turned out to be his mistake. Laura looked into the cat's green eyes and into its heart. She could sense the cat was enjoying their "game" and her irritation immensely. Laura could have frightened the cat from the shelf easily enough, but she was too soft-hearted a girl for such an approach. Instead, she placed a thought in the cat's simple mind. A moment later, the tomcat jumped from the shelf and dashed into the hallway in search of a bowl of milk, sure it was waiting there.
Laura followed the cat to the doorway. It looked up at her with disappointment and disgust.
"You can stay out until you learn to behave yourself," she told the cat, shutting the door.

Chapter 1 - Princesses
"I'm not going!" shouted Alexandra Ballantine.
"Not only are you going to attend the feast, and the ball," said her older sister, Kristina, her own voice rising. "You're going to wear something appropriate."
While the two girls were of the same height, they had little else in common that marked them as sisters. Kristina looked every bit the perfect princess. Her long golden hair was carefully styled. She had eyes the pale blue of a winter sky and skin any milk maid would have envied. As always, she was dressed in a blue silk gown and wore her diamond tiara. 
Alexandra looked as though she had just come home from the wilds, which she had, after some adventure. Alexandra's hair was dark brown, with the tiniest hints of auburn. Her eyes were deep sea green and her skin was tanned brown from long hours in the sunshine. She was dressed for travelling the deep forests and the high passes. For a cloak, Alexandra wore the skin of a giant snow leopard that had made the mistake of thinking she'd make an easy meal.
"First of all, you are not our mother," said Alexandra with less volume, but greater irritation. "And there's nothing wrong with what I have on. You're the one the envoys have come to take a peek at."
The two girls stared at one another, neither willing to give any ground. Princess Kristina Ballantine, heir to the throne of the Sky Kingdom and the eldest of six sisters, threw her hands up in exasperation.
"Wear what you want. Do what you want. You always do," she said. "I don't know why I care anyway. And no, I'm not Mother."
She stormed out of Alexandra's bedroom.
"You shouldn't get her worked up," said a gentle voice from the hallway. "Especially today when there's so much to do, and Kris already has enough to worry about."
Princess Laura, fourth born of the six sisters, and the owner of the voice, glided into the room. Laura embraced her older sister warmly. Laura was, while not the youngest of the siblings, by far the smallest. Her sisters would sometimes tease her saying that she had a bit of pixie blood in her veins. For all of her diminutive size, it was well known that no one had a heart as great as Laura Ballantine. Although none would say so outright, she was the most beloved of the King's daughters. Laura had the same golden hair as Kristina and the same sea green eyes as Alexandra.
"She isn't even eighteen yet, and she thinks she's already the queen of the Kingdom," snapped Alexandra, with less anger and conviction than she'd shown moments before.
"Kris does take on a lot of the responsibilities that our mother would have had," reasoned Laura. "I don't see you or Cath stepping up to share in them."
"She loves being in charge of things," Alexandra said.
"Maybe that's some of it, but I think she does a lot of it because it's expected and she doesn't want to disappoint Father."
"Why do you always have to be so reasonable?" Alexandra sighed, in both exasperation and surrender.
Laura just smiled up at her. Soon, Alexandra found herself smiling back.
"I'm looking forward to the ball myself," said Laura still smiling. "You do know there'll be princes don't you?"
"I'm not looking for a prince at the moment," Alexandra examined her nails, "but the food will probably be good."
***
"I don't know why we have to hunt her down," Julia Ballantine complained into her sister's back as they made their way down a tight spiral staircase. "We're going to be late." 
"Because we are the youngest, and the most easily ordered about," answered her older sister Sophia. 
Although Princess Sophia was only Julia's senior by a little more than a year, she carried herself with the air of someone much older. Sophia was a quiet and serious girl who rarely spoke. People had learned when she did speak, what she said was usually worth listening to. Sophia, alone among her sisters, had jet black hair. Few remembered the eye colour she'd been born with. As a student, and when allowed, practitioner of the magical arts, Sophia's eyes had taken on the characteristic violet colour that marked such folk.
Julia, youngest of the princesses, had inherited rare family traits only seen every seventh generation. She had hair so red that it looked like it might burn to the touch and strange bright golden eyes. Eyes, that the common folk of the Sky Kingdom called "Eyes of the Dragon". Like a dragon, Julia was well known for leaving a swath of destruction behind her wherever she went. Since this was most often the result of her boundless energy and curiosity, she was usually forgiven.
"What's the point of having servants if we have to run messages and fetch people?" Julia continued complaining when they reached the bottom of the staircase.
"The servants are all busy, making ready for the ball you are so eager to go to. I don't know why you're complaining. I was in the middle of working on something important. This gives you an opportunity to do something useful for a change."
At the base of the staircase was the castles subbasement, which was also the royal library. The library wasn't the dark dungeon one might imagine. The castle, and ancestral home of the Ballantine family, abutted the top of a cliff face on one side. Tall arched windows, cut into the cliff face lit the library throughout the day. The royal library had started as a massive natural cavern, but a hundred years of careful work by skilled masons had transformed it into a series of long open halls filled with tall pillars and intricately carved domed ceilings. These halls contained seemingly endless shelves of books and scrolls as well as tables and desks available for scholarly pursuits. The princesses began their search by walking the many isles of shelving.
"Ha, ha, you're hilarious," Julia said.
She finished by sticking out her tongue in a most unladylike way.
"Who's hilarious?" asked a voice from beyond the next row of shelving.
"You're late for your dressing for the ball," said Julia, "and you're going to make the rest of us late too."
A head popped around the corner of the bookshelf.
"Is that today?" asked Catherine Ballantine. "Are you sure?"
Catherine was wearing a drab brown dress and looked more like one of the castle's scullery maids than a princess. She was the second eldest and the tallest of the sisters. Her light brown hair was currently tied up in a careless ponytail with no less than three quill pens and two pencils sticking out at various angles. Thoughtful brown eyes regarded the younger sisters for a moment.
"I'm really rather busy today," Catherine said. She spoke in the quiet voice she always used in the library. "I doubt anyone would notice if I don't go."
"You aren't the only one with other things to do," said Sophia. She gave her older sister a small smile. "And I'm pretty sure both Father and Kristina would notice your absence."
"Can we go already?" insisted Julia. "We're going to be late!"

Chapter 2 - The Ball
The Kingdom of the Blue Sky, or as it was more commonly known, the Sky Kingdom, sat at the centre of a great wheel. This wheel was the continent of Arros and the spokes, formed by six mountain ranges, divided it into six large kingdoms each touching the sea. The seventh kingdom, the Sky Kingdom, connected all the others. 
Each of the six surrounding kingdoms was rich in certain resources, but lacked others. Which, made trade between the kingdoms very important. Adding to the challenges of trade, the mountain ranges were impassible except through the High Passes of the Sky Kingdom. The result was that the smallest of the kingdoms, the Sky Kingdom, held significant sway over its neighbours. Trade did move by sea, but between the sea monsters and the icebergs that filled the waters around Arros, most considered it too risky, and too expensive. The Ballantine family had always been reasonable in the tolls they set for using the roads through the Sky Kingdom. That didn't stop the merchant princes of the other lands from grumbling about the cost, or keep their rulers from coveting the passes. 
Throughout the long history of the Sky Kingdom three things had kept the land safe. First, six stout castles guarded each of the entrances to the passes. The castles were well placed so that no great number of soldiers could attack them at any one time. Second, the weather of the Sky Kingdom was harsh, and the passes were closed by snow for half of each year in winter. This meant no army would survive a long conflict in the Kingdom since food and shelter were scarce. The third and greatest deterrent was the Sky Keep itself, a mighty castle, and the ancestral home of the Ballantine family. The Sky Keep sat at the nexus of the six passes and no traveller through the Sky Kingdom could avoid passing its tall gates.
In the valley below the Sky Keep, the town of Lakeside was home for half of each year to the greatest market in the world. Buying and selling at the halfway point saved the traders a great deal of time and expense and served to enrich the kingdom. Guilds, which had members in all the kingdoms, built their chief guild halls in the town so that disputes could be settled fairly. All of this meant that rich foods, fabrics and spices were well known in a kingdom that, but for trade, would have had little beyond sheep, turnips, and wool. The Sky Kingdom was a wealthy and prosperous land, if a sparsely populated one. 
***
The great hall of Sky Keep was decorated extravagantly. The massive tables and benches were pushed to the sides and ends of the hall to make room for the dancing that would come later. Tapestries and banners covered the walls and every lamp was lit. Even the five heavy iron chandeliers were full of burning candles. Behind the King's throne, which was really just a big wooden chair, hung the banner of the Sky Kingdom. The banner displayed a gold dragon flying upon a field of sky blue.
Alric Hailgard, the kingdom's chancellor and major domo of the keep, examined everything with careful scrutiny. He was a muscular man of average height who had only now, in his early fifties, begun to thicken at the waist.  While never considered handsome, Chancellor Hailgard had the kind of face, and demeanor, which inspired trust and projected extreme competence. Satisfied with the preparations, he headed toward the kitchens to make sure things there were in order.
***
The three maids finished and stepped back to examine the result of their handiwork.
"Your Highness, you look beautiful," said Sheryl, the oldest of the princess's ladies in waiting.
Alexandra looked down at herself and walked over to the tall dressing mirror across the room. She looked into the mirror for a while and then sighed.
"Thank you for your help ladies," she said, attempting to be gracious about the whole situation.
The three maids, who had known Alexandra since infancy, weren't fooled and hid smiles as they moved on to the next bedchamber. Sheryl did smile as she followed them out.
"You really do look pretty," said Julia as she bounced impatiently on Alexandra's bed.
"I feel ridiculous." Alexandra looked down at the gown. "It's like a lie that I'm telling, just by walking around in it."
Alexandra looked at herself again in the mirror. She didn't know the young woman in the ridiculously impractical silk ball gown. Still, she decided, it was only for one night. Once the ball ended, she could wear proper clothing again. One of the maids down the hall called for Julia to come and get dressed.
"My turn," Julia grinned, and dashed out of the room.
Alexandra considered the green silk gown one more time in the mirror. Then she picked up her snow leopard cloak, threw it around her shoulders, and fastened the pin.
***
Two seemingly mismatched young men sat together at the King's high table in the great hall while guest after guest was announced by the herald at the door.
"Darryl, have you seen any of these rustic princesses?" Jan Aspry asked his drinking companion with a sly smile. Jan was second in line to the throne of Jesal. He was also a remarkably handsome young man and well aware of the fact.
"Have I ever struck you as a fellow who loiters about in frigid backwaters?" asked the enormous young man seated next to him. Darryl Ell was, not coincidentally, second in line to the throne of Sutlund. Darryl had the sort of sneer that comes only with a lifetime of practicing.
The great hall had only just begun filling with guests. The two princes, and one time school chums, had decided to start drinking ahead of the celebration.
"My father has made rather grand promises, if I can secure the hand of the lovely Kristina," Prince Jan continued.
"As has my own," chuckled Prince Darryl. "But can you imagine being snowed in here for half of every year for the rest of your life?"
"It does take some of the icing off the cake doesn't it? Perhaps we should stick with the old plan, eh?"
Prince Darryl met Prince Jan's eyes, toasted him with his goblet, and downed his wine. A moment later both men broke into quiet laughter.
***
The princesses lined up outside the main doors of the great hall waiting to be announced. Tradition in the Sky Keep dictated that the youngest would be announced first followed by the rest in ascending age. The King would enter the hall last. Julia, wearing a bright red dress exactly the colour of her hair practically burst into the hall when her name was announced. Sophia, in a gown of soft violet, glided in with a quiet stately grace. Laura, in a flowing gown of many colours, entered with her ever present smile. Her smile was returned almost universally by those gathered.
"It's not too late to take off that animal skin," Kristina hissed in Alexandra's ear. "It looks ridiculous!"
At that moment Alexandra's name was announced. She flashed a grin at Kristina and strode into the hall. Alexandra's cloak drew comment from a few of the visiting dignitaries, but raised no eyebrows among the folk of the Kingdom. Kristina looked around concerned.
Oh, why is Catherine always late? she thought.
Just as her name was announced, Catherine came dashing around the corner almost falling on the smooth polished floor.
"Am I in time?" she puffed, out of breath.
"Just," Kristina told her, "here let me straighten you up."
She fixed Catherine's hair and adjusted her purple gown. Catherine looked out of sorts, as she usually did, when forced to leave her natural habitat, the library.
"You look beautiful," Kristina said, kissing her tall sister on the cheek. Catherine smiled her thanks for the support and headed through the doors. She really is beautiful thought Kristina. It's too bad she hides her beauty under the ground all the time. Kristina heard her own name announced.
"Presenting Princess Kristina Eleanor Ballantine, heir to the throne of the Kingdom of the Blue Sky, on the eve of her eighteenth birthday" 
Time to do your duty Kristina she told herself and then she strode as gracefully as she could manage into the hall of onlookers. The envoys from the six lowland kingdoms did little to hide their appraising stares as Kristina made her way to the King's table. She took her seat to the left of that last and most ornate chair, where the King would sit. Finally, the herald announced the King.
"Presenting his royal majesty, King Alain Roger Ballantine, ruler of the Kingdom of the Blue Sky and Master of the High Passes," boomed the herald.
All rose as the King entered. He was a tall and ruggedly handsome man, broad of shoulder, and long of limb. Once considered among the mightiest of Arros's warriors, the King was now in his middle years. His dark hair was mixed evenly with grey, but his strength and vitality were still clear. He made his way to his seat at a stately pace, greeting old friends and visitors alike. When he reached his chair at the High table he took up his goblet and raised it to his guests.
"Visitors from our neighbouring realms, nobles of the Kingdom, family, and friends," the King said. "Welcome to our table on this most happy of occasions. We are here to celebrate the name day of my eldest daughter and my heir, Kristina." The King toasted Kristina with his goblet. "And now without any more ado, let the feast begin," the King raised his goblet to the hall once more.
The guests joined in the toast.

Chapter 3 - Princes
The feast was a loud affair with foods from across Arros available for sampling. Servants brought out course after course from the Sky Keep's kitchens. The nobles of the Sky Kingdom and the visiting nobility fell to eating it with enthusiasm. Whatever the court of the Sky Kingdom may have lacked in refinement, when compared to the courts of some of the other lands, it made up for with a genuine gaiety those courts so often lacked. Food, drink and laughter were all served with equal generosity.
***
Catherine found herself seated between Laura and a tall, raw-boned, young man a few years older than herself. Never comfortable making conversation with strangers, she focused on her food and listened to those around her. It turned out Catherine's solitude was not to last.
"Princess Catherine," the young man next to her said. He spoke softly as though concerned he might startle her. "I don't believe we have ever met before and I feel I would be remiss if didn't introduce myself."
Catherine turned to look at the speaker. The young man was very ordinary looking except for his eyes, which she found were staring searchingly into her own. It wasn't the steel gray colour of his eyes she found unusual, but rather the intensity and keen intelligence behind them.
"I'm Prince Daniel of Calambria," he said, still looking deep into her own eyes.
"It's very nice to meet you," Catherine finally managed, tearing her eyes away. To avoid the uncomfortable feelings his eyes had stirred up, she surreptitiously studied Prince Daniel as he continued talking. He had an intimidating look about him and his face was the sort Catherine suspected never smiled. She tried to remember everything she knew about Prince Daniel in a desperate bid at making small talk. He'd been saying how stark and beautiful the Sky Kingdom was. At least, that's what she thought he'd said. She seemed to be lacking in her usual focus.
"You're the Prime Minister of Calambria and the High Marshal of its armies are you not, Prince Daniel?" she asked, already knowing the answers.
"I am, Princess," he said, "though by accident of birth as much as for any other reason."
Catherine, who had studied the political leaders of the other kingdoms, knew this to be untrue. Calambria was the largest and strongest of the Seven Kingdoms. Unlike the Sky Kingdom, its politics were complex and often murky. The parents of Prince Daniel and his older brother King Arron had died mysteriously when the boys were fourteen and fifteen years of age. It was widely rumoured that the young Daniel had held Calambria together in the turmoil that followed and then taken the necessary steps to ensure his brother sat on the throne a year later. It was even more widely rumoured that, in the years since, Prince Daniel had done most of the work of running Calambria, while the King had spent his time in less savory pursuits.
"I understand that you serve as assistant to your Chief Librarian and are already a scholar of note," the Prince continued. "As well as a poet of substantial talent and growing renown," he took a sip of his wine.
Catherine blushed uncontrollably. What's wrong with me? She thought. Prince Daniel hasn't even smiled at me and, if the stories are true, he's one of the most dangerous men in all the kingdoms! Here I sit blushing like an empty headed girl.
"Perhaps, I can make a claim to scholarship." Catherine replied, hoping everyone wasn't staring at her flushed face. "But not many people have read my poems."
Prince Daniel looked at her for a moment, and then, quite unexpectedly, he smiled. Catherine thought the way it changed his face was remarkable. It was, she had to admit, a very small smile.
"Looking into your eyes," he quoted, his voice pitched so that only Catherine could hear him, "was like seeing the sun rise after the longest night of winter."
It was a line from a poem Catherine had written two years earlier.
"I can't believe you've read that," Catherine exclaimed, shocked and a more than a little embarrassed. "It's a terrible bit of romantic nonsense that I didn't even put my name to!"
"I liked it," Prince Daniel said, still at a volume for Catherine's ears alone. "Discovering the poem's authorship took me almost a year," he added and this time Catherine found herself entirely incapable of not returning his smile. "Perhaps later, you would do me the honour of dancing with me?"
"I don't usually dance," Catherine confessed.
"That's all right," Daniel said, "I never do."
***
Across the table from Catherine, sat Alexandra flanked by the Princes Darryl and Jan, who were entertaining themselves in a contest of insincere and extravagant flattery, entirely at her expense. Alexandra, who would have been quite comfortable in a face-to-face confrontation with a giant timber wolf, was completely out of her element. Prince Darryl would complement her eyes and then Prince Jan would top this with outrageous complements about her hair. The two, obviously intoxicated, young men had begun to work their way towards less proper areas of discussion and were enjoying Alexandra's discomfort immensely.
Most of the table was out of earshot, or oblivious, but Laura, who was also sitting across from them, was not. She was growing increasingly distressed for her sister. Finally, she had had enough.
"You two should be ashamed of yourselves," Laura told them. The two princes looked across the table in surprise, but showed no sign of shame. "Princes should behave better!"
"I don't think your tiny sister has met many princes" Prince Jan pretended to whisper to Alexandra, his voice more than loud enough to be heard across the table. Prince Darryl chucked his agreement.
"Perhaps the little one is upset because we've neglected her," Prince Darryl loudly whispered in mock conspiracy behind Alexandra's head.
Now Laura's face was also bright red. The girls were unfamiliar with rudeness, especially coming from young men of supposedly good breeding. While not intimidated, they nonetheless found themselves unarmed for such a battle. The confrontation drew Catherine out of the wonderful conversation she'd been enjoying with Prince Daniel. Before Catherine could figure out what to say, Daniel spoke.
"I'm afraid you ladies will find that a mere title does not make a man princely," Daniel said. He didn't raise his voice, but it carried above din in the noisy hall regardless.
"It's been a long time since we were all together at school," remarked Prince Darryl with a sneer. He punctuated the remark by draining his goblet.
"Yes, stony face here is an old friend from our academy days," Prince Jan continued, drunkenly saluting Daniel with a large turkey drumstick and taking a bite.
"Circumstances at home forced me to leave early," Daniel said. "Still, I remember my lessons well."
He looked at the other princes. Daniel smiled a smile which was not at all like the one Catherine had received earlier. Despite their drunken states, both Jan and Darryl took note of it.
"It seems," Daniel continued, "that the two of you have forgotten lessons you've already been taught." He paused, "Perhaps, a reminder is needed."
For a long moment no one spoke. Both princes gave Daniel a look of pure hatred. Then Prince Jan stood.
"I think I'll do my drinking elsewhere," he said.
"Me too," agreed Prince Darryl and together they left the table.
"You see," Daniel said to the three princesses, "they didn't even excuse themselves."
***
As one dance ended and another was about to begin Kristina made her way off the dance floor as quickly as she could manage, given the small limp she'd developed. Laura and Julia had just collected glasses of punch and she secured one of her own before anyone else could ask for a dance.
"I think my feet might be broken," Kristina told her sisters with a grimace. "Prince Darryl stepped on both at least a dozen times."
"It would seem he isn't much of a prince by any measure then," said Laura. Her sisters looked at her surprised. Laura rarely spoke ill of anyone. "Alex and I had some unpleasantness with Darryl and his pretty friend at dinner," she continued. Laura went on to recount the incident at the feast.
"Where is Alex?" Kristina asked, looking around the room.
"She has retired early," giggled Julia.
"I suppose one can only hope for so much," Kristina said. "She did show up and she wore a gown." She paused before adding, "Well, mostly at least."
"I don't see Sophie either," Kristina continued.
"She had to go check on an experiment or something," answered Laura. "She said she'd be back before midnight."
"What sisters we have," lamented Kristina, not very seriously. "I'd have thought if anyone was going to duck out, it'd be Catherine."
"She's danced almost every dance with the scary prince," said Julia giggling again. "I think everybody else is too afraid to cut in."
"I noticed," said Kristina "and don't call Prince Daniel that Jules. He danced one dance with me and he was very polite. We seem to be short on decent princes around here this evening."
"He is very courteous," Laura began, agreeing with Kristina, "but he's also a bit scary."
***
The King stood next to Kristina on the dais, watching the dancers, as the musicians struck up an old waltz. The hour approached midnight which would mark the official end of the celebration. With his arm around Kristina's shoulders the King whispered into his eldest daughter's ear.
"A rather lean crop of potential suitors, wouldn't you say?"
"Father," Kristina exclaimed, "you shouldn't say such things."
"You disagree?" the King asked with a chuckle.  He raised one eyebrow questioningly.
"No," Kristina replied, "you just shouldn't say it out loud."
Father and daughter both laughed.
"It doesn't matter anyway."
"How can you say that?" asked Kristina, no longer laughing. She'd long accepted that the duty of any royal child included a marriage for political gain. That the heir to throne's match was the most important such union, went without saying.
"You've shouldered adult responsibilities long before today," her father explained. "Now that you are almost officially one, I'll tell you the secret that all heirs to the Kingdom learn on their eighteenth birthday." 
Kristina looked to her father expectantly.
"Scholars of the lowland kingdoms have spent generations trying to figure out the Ballantine family's long term plan. They've tried to piece together why certain marriages were made and political alliances were formed. None has yet figured it out."
 "What is our long term political goal?" asked Kristina. As heir, one of her chief areas of study had been the history of the royal houses and the political intrigues that went along with them.
The King leaned close again and his beard tickled Kristina's ear as he whispered the answer.
"We don't have one."
Kristina was shocked. She looked into her father's face to see if he was joking.
"Does that mean_," she trailed off unable to complete the thought out loud.
"That you may marry whoever you please," the King finished for her. "Yes Kris, you can marry for love. I know I did."
***
The ball was officially over. At midnight, everyone toasted Kristina and offered their birthday wishes. The musicians played quieter and slower music as the guests left the hall.
Catherine stood off to one side with Daniel and the two watched silently as others made their way out through the tall doorway. It was one of the few times all evening, Catherine realized, that they weren't talking. Daniel seemed to be an expert, or at least knowledgeable, on every imaginable topic. Catherine had rarely met anyone so well read or of such vast experience. That Daniel was only three years older than she herself made it even more extraordinary. Catherine had brought up a few obscure topics in an attempt to determine if there was anything, about which, Daniel didn't know. By the end of the evening it had become plain that there might not be such a topic. Catherine looked over at Daniel and found he was staring at her. She blushed, yet again, under his penetrating gaze.
"I'm sorry if I've made you uncomfortable," Daniel said. He was smiling the small smile that Catherine was starting to believe belonged to her alone. "That's the last thing I'd want to do."
Say something you idiot, thought Catherine. Her tongue seemed glued to the roof of her mouth. Say anything.
"I've had a lovely evening Prince Daniel," Catherine finally managed. "I do hope that we may be friends." Well that was something at least, she thought.
The smile slipped from Daniel's face and was replaced by a mask of cold formality. "I'm afraid I could never be your friend Princess Catherine," he said in a brittle voice. "Thank you for a pleasant evening."
With that he made a small bow, turned neatly on his heel, and walked from the hall. Catherine stared after him, with tears in her eyes threatening to break free. Having seen Daniel leave, Sophia, who had returned to the Hall for the birthday toasts, walked over to join Catherine. 
"You seemed to have had quite a night," Sophia began and then stopped when she saw the unshed tears. "Cath are you OK, did Prince Daniel behave improperly?"
"No," Catherine assured her tonelessly, "he was entirely polite."

Chapter 4 - Treason
All six sisters had gathered in Kristina's bedroom for a more intimate birthday party before going to sleep. Each of them had given her a small, but thoughtful, gift. The sisters were sprawled out on the bed or in one of the comfortable chairs by fireplace and were discussing the evening's festivities. Before proper gossiping could begin, one of their maids announced that the Chancellor was outside and wished to speak with them. Kristina, asking the maid to admit him, wondered at the purpose of such an unusual visit.
"Highnesses, I am sorry to interrupt," Hailgard began. The chancellor paused, clearly overcome with emotion.
"Hailgard, what's wrong?" asked Kristina. She was concerned seeing the solid man so distressed.
"It's your father, Princess Kristina," Hailgard said. "The Royal Physician believes he's been poisoned."
The rest of the girls were on their feet at once, each of them denying Hailgard's claim.
"Be quiet," commanded Kristina. Hearing the tone in her voice, her sisters obeyed. "When did this happen? We were with Father less than an hour ago."
"The Royal Physician believes it happened at the ball," answered Hailgard. "I was with the King afterwards and we were discussing the events of the evening. Then he turned red in the face and couldn't speak. I was close enough to catch him when he collapsed, but I couldn't wake him." Hailgard was clearly shaken by the incident. "I called for the Royal Physician and we moved him to his chambers," Hailgard's voice broke and he looked at the girls with sympathy in his eyes. "The Royal Physician said it would be best to fetch all of you now."
"Fetch us for what?" asked Julia. "What can we do to help?" 
Her older sisters remained quiet for a moment and then Laura took Julia's hand and squeezed it gently.
"We can be with him Jules," Laura explained, "so he isn't alone."
***
The sisters were in the King's chambers. Laura and Julia sat at his bedside holding the hands of their unconscious father. The other girls were on the far side of the room in deep discussion with Hailgard and the Royal Physician.
"Surely, there's something more you can do?" Kristina demanded of the physician.
"Princess, I've done all I can," he said. "This poison is like none I've ever heard. The King's body isn't damaged in any way I can see. Most poisons attack the internal organs and give outward signs that can lead to diagnosis and antidote. The King is simply and inexplicably dying. It's as though his very life essence is being drawn away. At this rate, he won't last the night."
Catherine, who was listening to the physician's dire prognosis, jumped up from her chair and dashed for the door of the chamber.
"Where are you going?" asked Alexandra, as her sister shot past.
"To the library," replied Catherine, over her shoulder, without slowing, "I've just remembered something." With that she was out the door.
"I don't know what she hopes to find in the library," Alexandra said.
"Princess Catherine is an able scholar," the physician noted. "She's been among my best pupils. That being said, I've already looked in all the books and scrolls about poisons that the Sky Keep contains in search of an answer."
"So there's no hope?" asked Alexandra
"There's always hope," he replied. "Often it's better to have something to do to keep the mind occupied. The waiting can be an unbearable thing."
For the next hour, the five sisters, the Royal Physician and the Chancellor sat in quiet vigil with the dying King. Startling everyone, Catherine came barging back in, red faced and out of breath. She was clutching a large, leather bound, book to her chest. Catherine crossed the room and set the book on a reading table by the window. Everyone came over to the table to see what she had brought.
"Catherine, that's a book of magic from Master Drake's office," Sophia declared, scandalised. "I'm not allowed to even look at the books from those shelves yet. I won't be allowed to read that one for years according to Master Drake."
"As assistant to the chief librarian I have access to any of the books in the library," Catherine explained. "Including those in the private offices. Master Drake said there was no harm in me reading them since I have no magical ability. For me, the knowledge in those books can never be more than theoretical. For you Sophia, just reading some of those things could be very dangerous indeed. At least until you're fully trained."
"Have you found something to save Father?" asked Kristina.
"Maybe," Catherine answered, flipping through the pages. "It's a terrible time for Master Drake to be away at the Conclave of Sorcerers."
"What have you discovered, Princess?" asked the physician.
"I think that the reason you can't discern the poison is because it's magical in nature. I remembered reading something in one of Master Drake's books, but that was over a year ago, so it took time to find again. Ah, here," Catherine said.  She stopped at a page covered in illustrations of terrible spiders and skulls and she read aloud. "The venom of the Death's Head spider is one of the most deadly of known poisons. The victim once infected by the spider's venom will continue to feed his or her life energy to the spider until one or the other is killed. Geographical location has no bearing on the lethality of the poison. No person has ever been moved far enough from the spider to stop, or slow, the venom's deadly effect."
"So we need to find this spider and kill it," said Alexandra with renewed hope. "Where are these spiders to be found?"
"They live only in the Dell of Halros," replied Catherine. Several of the others gasped in shock. In a world of frightening magic and terrifying creatures, few places had a name fouler than "The Dell" as it was generally known. 
"But that's over two weeks journey just to get there," exclaimed Alexandra, "not counting finding the spider and killing it! We don't have that kind of time. Do we?"
She looked to the physician and Catherine with desperate hope. That hope was dashed when both shook their heads at the same time.
"How is this better than not knowing anything at all?" cried Julia. She ran back to her father's bedside to take up his hand once more.
"What we need most is more time," said Sophia. She was looking determinedly at Catherine, "I can think of one way to buy Father all the time in the world."
It took a moment for Catherine to realise what she was suggesting.
"No" Catherine replied at once, "that is far, far, too dangerous to even consider, let alone do."
"Catherine, how can anything that might save Father be too dangerous to consider?" asked Kristina.
"Because Father would never want his life purchased at the price of Sophia's," answered Catherine.
"He would not," interjected Hailgard. "Your father and I have been friends since our youth and I know with certainty he would far rather die."
"I think you're all being overly dramatic," said Sophia. "Catherine, I may be young, but Master Drake says I am the most gifted student he's ever taught. It's true, you'll have to do the technical parts of the spell, since I haven't seen it, but I have the power necessary to complete it. Together we can do it!"
Catherine remained silent for a long time.
"Is Sophia right?" asked Kristina. "Can you buy Father the time he needs?"
"Maybe," answered Catherine, "but it's incredibly risky."
"I'm willing to take the risk," Sophia told Catherine, who wasn't just her sister, but also her closest friend and confidante.
Catherine embraced Sophia in a rare outward show of affection.
"Of course you are Sophie," she said holding her close, "it was never your courage that was in doubt."

Chapter 5 - Spells
The Kings bedchamber was lit with hundreds of candles making it as bright as noon on a sunny day. The King lay upon a pallet on the floor in the centre of the room. All the furniture, except his huge bed, had been removed by the servants. The walls and the floor of the room were now covered in mysterious runes and arcane symbols of incredible complexity. Catherine was busy checking her work for the third time as the rest of her sisters watched in quiet awe from the doorway.
"Did you know she could do that?" Alexandra asked Sophia in a hushed voice.
"No, I don't know if Master Drake would be able to do such a perfect job of it," replied Sophia, almost reverently. "If Catherine had the Gift to go along with her intellect, I think she'd be the greatest sorceress who ever lived."
"I've triple checked everything," Catherine called, looking up at Sophia. Her concern was obvious to her sisters. "Were it possible, I'd check it a hundred more times, but Father can't afford that."
"I have faith in you Catherine," replied Sophia. She found that she meant it. "After studying for five years I could never have imagined doing all this."
"I just wish I could take the risk myself," said Catherine.
"We each have our part." Sophia waved her arm in a gesture that encompassed the entire, rune covered, room. "I don't know what most of this means, or does, but that's the central rune isn't it?" She pointed to a large and especially intricate rune marked on the floor above the King's head.
"Yes, that's where you'll need to focus your magic," Catherine answered. She embraced her sister tightly and whispered in her ear, "I'd tell you to be careful, but we both know that ship has sailed."
As Catherine carefully left the room, Sophia knelt at her father's head and began to meditate. Outside the in the hallway, Catherine could see her sisters were full of unasked questions.
"It'll be a brief time before Sophie has readied herself and I can see you have questions," Catherine said, with a tired smile. "I'll tell you what I can."
"What is this spell?" asked Kristina. "Sophia wouldn't speak of it."
"What's it going to do?" continued Alexandra.
"How long will it last?" Laura asked.
"How will it save Father?" finished Julia.
"Did you practice that?" Catherine answered with a question of her own. "I'll answer your questions in reverse order. The spell won't save our father, only buy him time so we can do so. It will last, as far as I know, until the end of time itself. The spell will surround Father in a kind of bubble, inside of which time doesn't move or maybe even exist. As for what the spell is; well, you've all known of it since you were old enough to have bedtime stories. It's the 'Diamond Sleep' that if tales are to be believed, kept our very own ancestor, Princess Eleanor, in a sleep that lasted a thousand years."
Catherine's sisters fell silent. Amazement and disbelief chased each other across their faces. Finally, Kristina spoke.
"Isn't that one of the Five Great Spells?" she asked in a whisper.
"It is," answered Catherine with a whisper of her own.
"Hailgard would never have gone along with this if he'd known," said Kristina "And, as acting ruler of the Kingdom I can't allow it either. Father wouldn't want Sophia to take such a risk."
"She's the only one who can," said Catherine. "Wouldn't any of you take her place if you could?"
"Of course we would," Kristina replied, clearly torn, "but I still must forbid it."
"Oh, Kris," Catherine said. There were tears in her eyes. "It's too late for that. Can't your feel it? Sophia has already summoned her power."
The five sisters returned to the doorway to find Sophia still kneeling with her eyes closed at the King's head. The runes and symbols had begun to glow unearthly silver and the candles had been extinguished. For the next hour, the intensity of the silver glow increased until it became unbearable to look into the room. The five sisters turned away from the doorway, but none was willing to move away from their father and sister. Suddenly, the hallway was swept by a powerful wind that rushed past the five princesses and into the bedchamber as though the room itself had drawn a breath. In that instant, the bright glow from the room was gone, leaving only darkness and silence. Alexandra snatched a wall lamp from the hallway and dashed into the room. Her sisters followed close on her heels.
Inside the King's bedchamber they found Sophia, lying unmoving, on the floor beside the King's pallet. The King was surrounded by a glowing crystalline nimbus of silver light which proved to be impenetrable. The sisters carefully moved Sophia to the Kings bed and relit some of the candles. Then Kristina left the chamber to order one of the King's guards to fetch Hailgard and the Royal Physician.
***
"The King, as far as I can tell, is now in an unchanging state," proclaimed the Royal Physician as he examined King Alain through the crystalline shell surrounding him. "If we can rely on the stories, he should now be quite safe, if rather inaccessible." The physician came over to the King's bed to examine Sophia for a second time. "Princess Sophia appears to be suffering from simple exhaustion. I've seen a similar result when Master Drake has cast a particularly difficult spell. Given her youth, and strength, I expect her to make a full recovery." Then he added, "At least physically."
"What about her hair?" asked Laura. It was a something that everyone was wondering. When the sisters had found Sophia on the floor she'd seemed uninjured, but not unchanged. Thick streaks of gently glowing silver hair now ran through the black.
"Master Drake would be better able to answer your question," the physician said. "My best guess is that Princess Sophia summoned more magic than she was prepared to deal with and this is the result. What the effect is beyond her hair colour is yet to be determined. I'll stay with her until she wakes."
"I'm awake now," said Sophia. "Did it work?"
After some relieved hugging, they told Sophia that the spell had been successful. She then fell back into a deep slumber. The Royal Physician took his leave and promised to return at the next morning.
Kristina looked around the room at her sisters and the Chancellor. 
"We've bought time. Now we need to make plans and find answers," she said. "To begin with, we must keep Father's condition quiet. Only a few of the servants and his guards know. We need to keep it that way." She looked to Hailgard.
"I'll make sure of it Highness," Hailgard promised. "We can tell everyone the King has gone on a hunting trip, but that won't fool whoever is responsible. As I see it, we've at least six strong candidates for this foul deed."
"Yes," agreed Kristina, "but finding and punishing the guilty will have to take second place to curing Father." Everyone nodded their agreement with this. "Also, the guilty party will most likely believe Father to be dead and may show themselves through their actions."
"Your Highnesses, I should excuse myself and speak to the guards and servants," said Hailgard, "before loose lips can flap."
With Kristina's nod of dismissal he left the bedchamber.
"We have planning to do, but it would be better started after some rest," suggested Laura.  She punctuated her suggestion with a yawn. The rest of the sisters, except Sophia, followed her with yawns of their own and it was decided that sleep was in indeed in order.

Chapter 6 - Plans
Late the next morning, Catherine and Sophia met for breakfast, as they normally did, in the small sitting room that connected their bedchambers.
"Do you feel any different?" Catherine asked. "Are you sure you should be out of bed?"
"I'm a little tired still," admitted Sophia, "but if I sleep all day, I'll be up all night. I've been changed in some way by the magic. It's a hard thing to define. I can't put my finger on what's different, but I feel? fundamentally altered."
"I shouldn't have agreed to it. Whatever happened to you is my fault. Maybe I got the spell wrong."
"No, it was perfect," insisted Sophia, "I was inside of it. If it had been flawed, I wouldn't be here now. Probably, the whole keep would've been destroyed." 
The two sisters ate in silence for the rest of their breakfast. Not having any need for unnecessary small talk was a quality they shared.
***
The six princesses and Hailgard agreed to meet in the King's council chamber at noon to make their plans. The council chamber was a relatively small room dominated by one large table with seating for twelve. Lamps hung from the high beamed ceiling and the room smelled of old leather and beeswax. The walls were covered in large maps of the kingdom and ancient drawings of the castles that guarded the passes. The side board had been laid with food and drink to sustain the small council meeting there that day.
"The emissaries from the lowland kingdoms are quite put out that Father has gone on a hunting trip and won't be seeing them off," said Kristina, still tired from her lack of sleep.
"Did any of them act strangely when you told them?" asked Catherine.
"If you mean, did any of them reveal their criminal behavior?" Kristina replied. "Then, the answer is no."
"I suppose it was too much to hope for," Catherine said with a wry smile.
"And now we need to make our plan as to what comes next," Kristina said, looking to Hailgard.
"I think we can assume some things without knowing the identity of the responsible party," Hailgard began. "It will likely be believed by our enemy that the Kingdom is now without proper leadership." He looked around the table at each princess. "We, in the Kingdom, know the intelligence and strength of our royal family, but those from the lowlands will likely give small credit to your abilities."
"Being underestimated gives us a tactical advantage," said Alexandra.
"Yes," agreed Hailgard, "provided we are swift enough to make use of it."
"The first thing that needs to be done is finding and destroying the spider that gave the venom to our enemy," stated Catherine.
"Why do you say 'gave' the venom?" asked Julia. "Wouldn't they have drained some from its fang the way that the Royal Physician gathers snake venom for his antidotes?"
"No," explained Catherine, "these aren't spiders like the ones that make their homes and spin their webs in the ceilings of our castle. They're creatures of dark magic and cunning. The Death's Head spiders are intelligent and as big as a large dog. I expect our enemy has struck a bargain with the one whose venom now resides in our father's veins."
"So it will need a spear for killing it, rather than a boot," exclaimed Alexandra. "I can be ready within the hour!"
"A spear at least," continued Catherine, "but that's hardly the end of what we must do."
Catherine and Sophia shared a knowing look that wasn't missed by Kristina.
"What more is there that you two haven't told us yet?" she asked.
Catherine and Sophia seemed to communicate silently for a moment as if deciding who would have the unpleasant task of answering the question. It was Sophia who spoke.
"When we've dealt with the spider," Sophia said, "we will still have to free Father from the spell."
The room was silent for a time. Laura spoke first.
"Will it require another spell as dangerous as the first?" she asked. Her eyes strayed to the glowing silver locks in Sophia's hair.
"No," answered Catherine. "It will require a dragon."
"A dragon!" spluttered Kristina. "A dragon! I hope this is a bad joke Catherine? No one has even seen a dragon in what? Four hundred? Five hundred years? And after we find this dragon, what next? Will we need one of its magical scales to end the spell?"
Kristina, who had risen from her chair during her tirade, plopped back into it with arms crossed.
"No," Catherine said unperturbed by the outburst, "we'll need its fire."
Everyone, except Sophia, stared at Catherine. After another long silence Laura spoke again.
"I thought that in the stories Princess Eleanor was woken by the first King Roger's kiss," said Laura. "You know, true love's kiss."
"Well he probably kissed her afterwards," said Catherine, "which definitely makes for a nicer story. The true account is recorded in one of the oldest scrolls in the library."
"So how did he wake her up?" asked Julia. She was growing impatient with having to sit still and quiet for such a long time.
"I was about to tell you," replied Catherine. A bit of irritation crept into her voice. "According to the scroll, our father's namesake found, woke and bested the Golden Dragon. Then he got it to free Eleanor from the spell with its fiery breath."
"I hope you'll forgive me for saying so, Highness," Hailgard said. "But that sounds as much a bedtime story as the version with the kiss."
"I agree that it does, but the record was written by a very reputable historian of the day," Catherine shrugged. "It's not as though we have anything else to go on."
"Hopefully," Sophia added, "Master Drake will have returned from the Conclave of Sorcerers by the time we've dealt with the spider's venom. Then we can see if he has any other ideas for ending the spell."
"I thought he wasn't due to return for two months," Kristina interjected.
"That was before I cast the spell," Sophia explained. "Every wizard, witch, sorcerer, sorceress, and petty practitioner of the Arts will have sensed that spell. Those of Master Drake's calibre will know its general location and what it signifies. If he isn't already on the road home, he soon will be."
"We can't wait around for him," declared Alexandra hammering her fist into her palm. "There's a bug to squash!"
"For once, I agree with Alexandra," said Kristina. "We must go after the spider at once."
"Highness, you can't all just leave on a quest. A Ballantine must stay to rule in your father's absence. It would make no difference if it he really was away hunting. You would still be needed here," Hailgard said.
Kristina was about to argue the point when Laura overrode her.
"The Chancellor is right Kris," she said. "You're needed here, to hold the realm together, and make sure there's still a kingdom for Father to wake up to. It's your duty."
"I hate having to always be the dutiful one," Kristina huffed.
"You also hate sleeping on the ground outside," said Alexandra. She smiled at Kristina. "Spider hunting is obviously more my skill-set anyway."
"I do hate sleeping outside," Kristina conceded. "Make sure you jab it once for me."
"I'll arrange a dozen of our best knights to accompany you on the hunt," Hailgard promised.
"No, they'll only slow me down and draw attention we don't want," argued Alexandra. "Besides, I'm the best tracker and hunter in the Kingdom and you know it!"
"I agree we don't want to draw unnecessary attention," Kristina said, "but you won't be going alone. The spiders are magical creatures and you don't know if an arrow or spear can kill one. That means Sophia will need to go."
"I'm going too," said Laura, surprising everyone.
"That's crazy," Alexandra burst out. "I can see the possible need for Sophia, but Laura wouldn't hurt a fly. Let alone a giant spider. You felt sorry for this big dumb cat that tried to eat me!" she accused Laura, shaking her leopard skin cloak.
"I think Laura should come," Sophia spoke up. "She has a way with wild creatures and nature that none of us can match. We might need that."
"I still think you should take guards with you," objected Hailgard, "A few of them won't draw any undue attention."
"We'll collect Allan on the way, if it will make you feel better," Alexandra suggested, hiding a grin. "He's almost as good a hunter and tracker as I am.  And, I hear, he's handy with a sword."
"He's barely more than a boy himself, Princess. Still, adventuring in the wilds does seem to be the only thing he's actually good for," Hailgard grumped. "Just keep an eye on him and don't let him do anything too reckless. He's the only son I've got."
Alexandra just smiled up at the Chancellor and promised nothing.
"Well, that's settled then," Kristina said. "You three can leave as soon as you have everything prepared. We'll just say that you're going up to the hunting lodge to be with Father."
"I'm going to the library to see if I can discover where we can find a dragon," said Catherine. "I just hope the information is in there somewhere."
"What about me?" Julia asked, unable wait any longer to be remembered.
"You're staying here," answered Kristina. "Try to stay out of trouble."

Chapter 7 - Leave takings
By mid-afternoon, Alexandra, Laura and Sophia were waiting in the Sky Keep's courtyard, packed and ready to travel. Alexandra was an experienced traveller who had, by the age of sixteen, traversed the entire kingdom several times. She'd spent many days training with the King's Rangers, learning things most princesses never even wondered about. When asked about his daughter's unladylike behaviour the King had always laughed and told the questioner that the Sky Kingdom already had a surplus of more traditional princesses. Alexandra had arranged their provisions and four stout mountain ponies. The fourth pony would carry the extra baggage they'd need.
"Alex, you know I'm not much of a rider," said Sophia looking at her pony dubiously.
"It's only a pony," replied Alexandra. "Besides, we won't be able to ride for much of the journey anyway. You'll probably miss it when we have to leave them behind and you've been on foot for a few days."
"I think they're wonderful," said Laura. "My pony's name is Snowflake. I asked one of the grooms."
Laura petted Snowflake's nose on the white patch of hair that had prompted his naming.
"Yes I'm sure you did," said Alexandra, rolling her eyes.
Laura was well known for adopting any stray animal that came within reach. In the Sky Keep, it was common knowledge that every cat in the castle would stop by Laura's room at least once a day for visit.
"We aren't going to get very far today are we?" asked Sophia, looking up at the sun's position in the pale cloudless sky.
"No," replied Alexandra, speaking quietly, so others in the courtyard wouldn't overhear, "but we can make it to the hunting lodge, where Father is supposed to be, and where I believe Allan is. Regardless, it's on our way and it will be one less night sleeping outside on the ground."
"Since when have you minded sleeping outside on the ground?" laughed Laura.
"Never," admitted Alexandra grinning, "I was thinking of my more delicate siblings."
At that moment Kristina and Julia came out the main doors of the keep and made their way across the courtyard to join them.
"Are you all set?" Kristina asked Alexandra.  She looked over the ponies and her sisters in their travel clothing.
"Yes, we'll pick up other gear at the lodge. I think people might wonder why we're leaving here armed to the teeth otherwise."
Kristina and Julia embraced the others and Alexandra, Laura, and Sophia mounted their ponies.
"Safe journey," Kristina said, "and good luck."
With that, the travellers set off.
***
The start of their journey brought the three princesses out of the main gate of the Sky Keep and onto a wide road. It was the only wide road in the entire kingdom. Most of the passes had just enough room for a single wagon to travel, but here at the centre of the kingdom, all the roads became one which passed the Keep. It led down the south side of the valley to the town of Lakeside. The girls travelled down and through the town and were greeted warmly by many of the citizens. They skirted the downtown area and the market. Then they took a much smaller trail out town, which led them up and out of the valley on the far side. The trail cut back and forth as it made its way higher and higher. For a few miles it passed by small terraced farms cut into the side of the valley. Soon the trail left all signs of civilization behind and plunged into a thick forest of fur trees. The trail was well travelled and the girls had no difficulty following its track. Just as the sun began to set behind the mountain peaks, Alexandra led the ponies off onto a side trail. This path, while smaller and less travelled, was equally well maintained. As dusk truly fell, the ponies rounded a bend and the royal hunting lodge came into view. It was an old heavy building, built of timber and stone, that looked like it had grown slowly up from the forest floor. The lodge had a warm solidity, enhanced by the light coming from the lower windows and the smoke rising from the main chimney.
As the princesses approached the lodge, a muscular young man of middle height came from around the back with an armload of cut firewood. He stopped in his tracks when he saw the three riders. In the dim light it took a moment for Allan Hailgard to recognise his unexpected visitors. When he did, a broad grin broke out on his plain, honest face.
"Alex," he called out, "I expected you'd miss my fine companionship soon enough. But coming back after only a day and a half? I must be better company than I thought!"
"I assure you, I could have managed longer," Alexandra replied with a chuckle. Then she continued more seriously, "We're here on Kingdom business Allan. We should talk inside."
"Of course," answered Allan. He set the firewood down on the lodge's broad front porch. "I must be something of a fortune teller. I made a ridiculous amount of food for dinner and it's almost ready now."
"Fortune teller? or greedy pig?" Alexandra mused. "Yes, definitely one of those."
Allan laughed and came to stand beside Laura's pony.
"Do you need any assistance dismounting, Princesses?" he asked Laura and Sophia.
"Yes, thank you," answered Laura. She offered her hand to Allan who helped her down off the pony.
"What about you, Princess Sophia?" Allan inquired moving over beside Sophia's pony.
"I think I can manage, thank you," Sophia replied and proceeded to dismount. Her boot caught in the stirrup and she fell. Allan caught Sophia on the way down. Holding her easily with one strong arm he disengaged her boot from the stirrup with the other.
"Are you alright, Princess?" he asked, holding Sophia in his arms.
"Yes Allan, I'm fine. I think you can put me down now," Sophia replied.
Allan set her on her feet.
"You do know that I'm a princess, too? Don't you?" Alexandra asked Allan.
"Really?" He looked at her with mock surprise, "I'd never noticed. If you ladies would like to go inside, to freshen up, I'll see to your ponies and gear and serve dinner shortly."
***
After Allan housed the ponies in the small stable behind the lodge, he brought the girl's baggage upstairs to their rooms. Alexandra and Laura had already washed and gone back downstairs to the great room. Allan walked briskly down the long hallway. Sophia stepped out of a doorway from one of the washing rooms, drying her face with a towel. The two collided, and for the second time that day, Sophia found herself being held in Allan's arms.
"I'm sorry Princess," Allan released Sophia. "I guess I was walking too quickly."
"I should look where I'm going," Sophia said. She held up the towel for evidence, "I'm fairly certain the fault is mine."
Outside, Sophia's hair had been tucked into the hood of her riding cloak. Now, it was down and Allan saw the softly glowing silver that streaked the black. His hand came up of its own volition and touched one of the streaks.
"What happened to your hair?" Allan asked. When he realized what he was doing, he hastily removed his hand. "Forgive me, Princess," he said with a mortified expression.
"It's a part of what we need to tell you Allan," Sophia answered quietly. Then self-consciously she asked, "Do you think it's ugly?"
"You could never be ugly," Allan said with surprising vehemence. Then he seemed unable to meet her eyes. "Forgive me Princess, I should get dinner ready."
Allan made a quick escape back down the hallway and down the stairs.
***
The four diners sat at the one end of a long, rough-hewn, table in the hunting lodge's great room. Dinner comprised a rich venison stew filled with large savoury chunks of meat. Fresh bread, hard cheese and apple cider filled out the meal. They decided business would be best discussed on full stomachs, so initially there was little conversation. When the eating had slowed, Alexandra decided it was time to bring Allan up to speed. She told him of the events that had led to the quest to heal their father. Allan was predictably outraged over the Kings poisoning and promised to do all he could to help.
"The Dell of Halros is no place to travel lightly," Allan said when Alexandra finished her tale. "Just getting there is a dangerous journey."
"But you've been there before," prompted Alexandra.
"You've been to the Dell?" exclaimed Laura and Sophia together.
Allan was silent for a full minute before he answered.
"As Alex already knows, I travelled to the Dell of Halros a little over a year ago," His voice sounded as if he were remembering something unpleasant. "Whatever stories you may have heard, don't come close to doing it justice. Not all the creatures or people who live there are evil, but the ones who aren't are still very dangerous. It's far too risky for the three of you to go there."
Alexandra made to interrupt him, but Allan raised his hand to stop her.
"Even you Alex, with all of your skills and knowledge of the wilds, would find yourself hard pressed to survive."
"We have to go," said Alexandra. "We won't let Father die or spend eternity imprisoned. You know that I'm as good a tracker and hunter as you are. Together we can keep Laura and Sophie safe."
"Alex, I'm not suggesting leaving the King to his fate. You know me better than that. Let me take up this quest. I'll kill the spider and you three can stay here in the Kingdom."
Allan's tone suggested he felt this to be the reasonable course of action.
"Hiding, safe, while the Kingdom is under attack?" Alexandra sneered. She was growing visibly angry now. "I think you know me better than that." 
"What if magic is needed to kill the spider?" Laura asked. She spoke calmly, to head off rising emotions. "What will you do then?"
"There's no lack of magic in the Dell, Princess," Allan replied. He looked down at the table top again. "It's the sort of place where bargains are often made to secure its use."
"Those sorts of bargains come at high cost," Sophia disagreed. "Too high a cost."
"Father thinks of you as the son he never had Allan," added Laura "He wouldn't want to be saved by such a bargain.  You've always been like our older brother. This is a risk that should be shared between us."
Her sisters nodded their agreement.
"Besides," continued Alexandra, "we are going whether you come or not."
"I'm coming," sighed Allan, "as if I'd let you go on your own."
***
With the three sisters having gone to bed, Allan went through the motions of closing up the lodge and preparing supplies for their journey. He was in the great room, banking the fire in the massive stone fireplace, when he heard someone behind him. Allan turned and was surprised to find that Sophia was standing in the middle of the room watching him.
"Is there something you need, Princess?" he inquired, looking at the floor.
"Why don't you call me Sophie anymore," she asked him "You're always so formal now, as if we hadn't grown up together in the Keep."
"You are a princess, Princess," Allan responded after a moment.
Sophia stayed silent for so long that Allan finally looked up to confirm she was still there.
"Why did you disappear last year?" she asked, holding his eyes with her own. "You left without a word to anyone. Your parents were worried. We were all worried. Now instead of continuing your studies, to follow in your father's footsteps as chancellor, you live alone in the wilds."
"There's no dishonour in being the Royal Huntsman, Princess," Allan replied. "It just wasn't possible for me to continue living in the Sky Keep any longer."
When he finished, he looked down again.
"Alexandra said you wouldn't tell her why you went to the Dell last year," Sophia said, when no further explanation seemed to be forthcoming. "There aren't many reasons for decent people to go there. I've heard some visit the witches seeking love potions and such. Of course, love is one of the few things magic has no effect on."
"I found that out the hard way, Princess," Allan said. He spoke so quietly she almost couldn't hear the words.
"You really went there for a love potion?" 
Allan met her eyes for just a moment with a look of terrible sadness on his face.
"No Princess, I went looking for just the opposite. I'd best turn in now. We have an early day tomorrow."
Sophia stood watching the embers in the fireplace for a long time after Allan had gone.

Chapter 8 - Secrets
After seeing her sisters off, Kristina returned to her father's study for a private meeting with Hailgard. The King's study took up the entire top floor of the largest tower in the castle. It was a circular room with three fireplaces and windows looking in every direction. The Chancellor sat behind a massive oak desk and was poring over documents when she entered. He looked up from his reading when he heard her.
"Good afternoon, Highness. I take it the others are away?"
"Yes," Kristian replied. "I wish I was going with them."
"I understand," Hailgard said, "but I'm afraid there's no shortage of important work to do right here." He proffered a small stack of documents from the pile. "These are the matters that can't be put off."
She accepted the pile and sat down to read them. When she finished reading the documents, she looked back at Hailgard, who had continued to work his way through the piles of paper.
"I'm not sure I feel confident about making some of these decisions," Kristina said.
"That's understandable. It should have been many years until these sorts of decisions fell on your shoulders. However, you are of age, the heir to the throne, and given present the circumstances, our leader. I assure you; far less capable and less experienced monarchs have managed to get by under similar circumstances."
"I plan to do better than just 'get by'!"
"Exactly," Hailgard said. "I will, of course, give you all the advice I can. But like any leader, the final decisions must be your own. The King had many things scheduled for the coming weeks.  I'll postpone everything I can. For some things that won't be possible."
"Father isn't the sort to disappear hunting when there's work to be done," Kristina pointed out. "We'll need a better explanation for his absence at some point."
"I've been considering it," Hailgard agreed, "and I've come up with a workable lie. We'll say that now that you've reached the age of majority, the King wishes to let you gain experience by ruling. Most will believe that explanation considering his acceptance of your sister's diverse interests and studies. You will simply take his place at court and in the upcoming negotiations."
"I expect some will be quite upset," Kristina mused, "and others will be delighted at the prospect of negotiating with an untried girl."
 "Having taught you much of what I know about political intrigue, general disappointment may be forthcoming."
Kristina smiled her thanks for his confidence.
"I still wonder if we should have sent at least a few guards with Alex, Sophie and Laura," Kristina said, changing the topic. "Allan is a very capable man and a skilled warrior, but will he be enough to protect them? The few times I've seen him since last year, he hasn't seemed like himself. Why would someone with his talents become the Royal Huntsman?"
"I don't agree with all of my son's choices, Highness," Hailgard answered, after brief consideration. "But he's more capable than you may realize, and the Royal Huntsman has several duties only a very few people know about."
"What are those other duties?"
"My wife will explain them to you, over dinner tonight, Highness. It's not my place to say." 
Kristina was now extremely curious, but having known Hailgard her entire life, she knew he had already said all he was going to on the matter.
***
Kristina sat across a small table from the chancellor's wife in a private dining room that made up part of the Hailgard's suite of rooms. Elaine Hailgard was a petite, elegant woman with the sort of unshakeable poise Kristina had always admired and tried to emulate. She was, Kristina felt, the perfect match for the chancellor. Elaine was soft and refined in a way that offset Hailgard's rugged solidity. After the Queen's death, Elaine had become the closest thing that she and her sisters had had to a mother, and she had filled in many of the gaps in their upbringing that the King was unequipped to deal with. Kristina thought of her as an unofficial aunt, in much the same way, as she regarded her son Allan a brother. After the servants had set the table for dinner, and set out platters of food, Elaine dismissed them so they could speak privately.
"It's been too long since we two had dinner together," Elaine began as she poured wine for Kristina and herself. "I wish happier tidings had prompted it."
"Yes," Kristina filled her own plate with food, "but I've been able think of little else since your husband told me a few hours ago that we needed to talk."
"Oh?" Elaine queried with one raised eyebrow.
"Yes, he implied you had secrets to tell that even the chancellor of the realm didn't know. It made me wonder." Kristina paused and ate a small morsel of food.
"And what did you wonder?" prompted Elaine.
"About you of course, and I wondered why the chancellor's wife, who has no official functions I know of, would have such secrets to tell."
"And what did you conclude?" Elaine asked with a smile.
"Obviously, that you are more than you appear. I suppose subconsciously, I've always wondered why a woman of your intelligence was content to spend so much time working on embroidery and attending tedious garden parties. I haven't been able to figure out what you've really been doing."
"First, you're not supposed to be able to figure it out," Elaine said. "If it was obvious, I wouldn't be very good at my job. Second, my husband has sworn oath's to take the secret to his grave, so he couldn't tell you himself. And third, it's a secret that typically, only the ruler of Sky Kingdom is privy to. Due to our current situation, it's necessary to tell you prematurely."
"My curiosity is sufficiently piqued at this point," Kristina said dryly.
"No doubt," Elaine laughed. "My role in this kingdom's government is to obtain information. More specifically, to organize a group of individuals who gather information in all the kingdoms. I then analyse the information and inform the King about events that may affect the Sky Kingdom." 
Kristina stared open mouthed at the kindly woman she had known all of her life.
"You're the Kingdom's Spymaster?"
"I am. A spy you suspect, isn't a very good spy."
Kristina ate in silence for several minutes while she considered this revelation.
"Leaving that for a moment," she eventually continued. "What exactly are the extra duties of the Royal Huntsman?"
***
After a long, and informative, dinner with Elaine, Kristina returned to her bedchamber to find Julia waiting there. Julia was pacing about restlessly and she voiced her concerns as soon as Kristina shut the door.
"What am I supposed to do?" Julia demanded. "Everyone else has something important to do. You're running the Kingdom, Catherine's looking for a dragon and the others are off on an adventure. I want to help too."
Kristina could see her youngest sister was sincere in her desire to help. Unfortunately, she couldn't think of how Julia might contribute to the problem at hand.
"Even with everything that's going on you still have to continue your studies," Kristina began.
"School work!" Julia shouted, cutting her off. "You're telling me that I should do school work?"
"It's important that things appear to be normal," Kristina explained. "And that it's business as usual across the Kingdom. People might wonder why you suddenly stopped your studies."
"You don't think I'm good for anything," accused Julia. Her face was approaching the same red shade as her hair.
"That's not true," answered Kristina.  She experienced a bit of guilt because Julia's words did have a little truth to them. "I'll talk to Catherine. She's supposed to take over your schooling next year anyway. Maybe you could help with the dragon hunt while pretending to study down in the library."
***
The next morning Kristina went down to the library to speak with Catherine.
"What exactly, am I supposed to do with her?" Catherine asked, looking up at her from a table littered in old books and scrolls.
"I don't know. Turn her into your assistant or continue her studies in such a way that she doesn't realize that she's doing school work." 
Catherine gave her an unimpressed look.
"You do understand that I'm busy looking for the proverbial needle in the haystack?" Catherine inquired with uncharacteristic surliness.
"I do," Kristina replied, forcibly calming herself and keeping her own irritation in check, "and I assume you realize that I'm running the Kingdom and trying to keep Father's condition secret. Should we just let Julia run loose and allow her to fill her time as she sees fit?" Kristina looked hard at her younger sister.
"No, when you put it that way your logic is irrefutable. Send her down and I'll figure something out."
***
Julia found Catherine in her tiny office next to the library. Although it was early morning, it was obvious that Catherine had either gotten up very early to work or had spent the night beneath the Keep. Catherine was surrounded by books, scrolls and maps. They were spread about her, filling the small room in a way, Julia thought, most uncharacteristic of her extremely organized sister. The door was ajar, so Julia let herself in, as far as was possible, given how full the room was.
"Kris said you had stuff I could do to help out," Julia stated. She looked around the room. "I'm guessing it might involve tidying?" She smiled at her older sister. Catherine looked up distractedly for a moment and then returned her smile tiredly as the words registered.
"No, I don't have any tidying for you to do," she said. "Frankly, I can't think of anything you would have less aptitude for."
"That's funny. What am I going to do?"
"I considered giving you busy work to keep you out of trouble, but I'm going to assign you a real job instead. There are so many documents to search through, that I really could use some help. I can't involve the Chief Librarian or any of the staff because of the secrecy involved."
"What do you want me to do?" asked Julia.
She was already dreading having to read old books about history.
"I thought I'd start you on the books that are most to your tastes. I think they're less likely to offer answers than the memoirs and histories, but I could be wrong."
"What books are you talking about?"
"The storybooks and fairy tales. They often have a grain of truth hidden in them. The challenge is finding it."

Chapter 9 - The Seventh Pass
Six main passes cut through the Sky Kingdom and connected it to the lowland kingdoms. There was another pass which was rarely spoken of. It had no name other than the Seventh Pass, and it led almost directly north out of the Kingdom. No traders traveled its length, and the road had never seen improvement at the hands of the Royal Engineers. The Seventh Pass did, like the other six, have a castle guarding and, most often, blocking the way. The six castles which controlled entrance from the lowland kingdoms were held by one of the six barons or baronesses of the Sky Kingdom. Each was responsible for their castle's upkeep and for maintaining a small army to stand guard.
The North Keep, the small castle blocking the Seventh Pass, was maintained solely by the Crown. The Seventh Pass led to the Vale of Halros which could perhaps have been considered a small seventh lowland kingdom, except that it had no central leadership. The Vale of Halros was vast mountain valley that flattened and widened as it approached the North Sea. Despite its northern latitude the Vale was warm year round. Volcanic activity and countless hot springs maintained an almost tropical climate there. Jungle and swamp were the dominant forms of vegetation and many strange creatures, found nowhere else in Arros, inhabited them. Two other passes led into the Vale. One led from the kingdom of Jesal to the east and the other from Gorth to the west. Despite the opportunity to avoid the tolls charged by the Sky Kingdom, no legitimate trader would have chanced such a dangerous route with his wares. A small amount of less than legal traffic did move through the Vale from time to time. Between the southern tip of the Vale and the sea, lay the Dell of Halros. The Dell, a deep crater, had a frightful reputation even within the Vale itself.
***
Before the sun rose, Allan had saddled and packed the mountain ponies for travel. His own horse was tethered with them in the stable yard. He'd woken the girls an hour earlier and set out a cold breakfast for them to eat while he finished the preparations. Typically, Alexandra had eaten her breakfast on her feet and joined him in preparing for their journey. She eyed the gear tied to the saddle of Allan's horse. Weapons of every kind were in evidence and the spears gave his horse a porcupine-like quality.
"Good to see you're taking this seriously," she said.
"It is serious. I've even packed my light armour, and you know how much I hate travelling in armor."
Allan had dressed in the greens and browns of the King's Rangers. The colours were chosen to blend into the forest and disappear from view at need.
"What kind of knight doesn't like armour?" Alexandra teased. "They'll take away your 'Sir'."
"The kind of knight who likes being able to move quickly and silently. We may be forced into a stand up fight at some point and I like to be?"
"?prepared," Alexandra finished his sentence. "Yes, I know Allan. It could be your middle name."
"'Good preparation is halfway to success'," Allan quoted, suppressing a grin. "Besides someone around here needs to be sensible."
"If only we had someone who was actually funny."
***
After locking up the hunting lodge and getting everyone sorted out on their mounts, the party of four travelled back down the small trail that led to the lodge. They picked up the larger trail the girls had been on the day before and headed north again. The trail continued to wind through alpine forest climbing higher and higher into the mountains. As they climbed, the trees thinned out and the surrounding forest grew rockier. The weather was pleasant, and the sisters rode side by side and talked where the trail permitted it. Allan maintained his position out in front, alert for possible dangers, although the Sky Kingdom was a relatively safe land to travel. The Kings Rangers, who were responsible for policing, made short work of any bandits that managed to sneak into the Kingdom. The greatest danger came from fierce predators that lived in the mountains, but few would have dared to attack a party of travellers. Allan maintained his vigilance, if only as practice for the dangers that lay ahead.
The first days of the journey passed without incident and the travellers fell into routine. At regular intervals along the trail campsites were cut out of the forest. The campsites, always placed near a source of water, either a stream or spring, had simple log shelters constructed for the use of any traveller in need. The party started out each morning with the rising sun and travelled until dusk each evening. Plans and stories were shared around the campfire, and super, the only hot meal of the day, would be cooked and eaten. Usually, the group would turn in early, after the evening meal, in anticipation of another long day on the trail. This routine continued until the seventh evening after leaving the hunting lodge. The travellers were seated on split logs, arranged as rough benches, around a fire pit. Alexandra voiced her concern.
"Allan, I felt like we were being watched all day today," she said. She held an, as yet, untouched bowl of stew.
"That's because we were," replied Allan, his spoon hovering halfway between bowl and mouth. "I'd suspected we were being followed since yesterday, but I only confirmed it this afternoon." He set the spoon back in his bowl.
"When you went back to hunt for rabbits?" asked Laura.
"Yes, I didn't want to worry you unnecessarily if I was wrong," Allan continued. "When I was certain, I said nothing because I didn't want anyone looking back and letting our followers know that we knew."
"Did you get a look at who it is?" asked Sophia.
"No, I only caught a glimpse of them before they disappeared into the trees." Allan answered. He was obviously unhappy about it.
"They'd have to be quite skilled to avoid you," noted Alexandra. 
"I slowed down this morning to see if it was just another traveller or travellers and to give them the opportunity to pass by us," Allan explained further. "Whoever it is, also slowed down and matched our pace."
Allan and Alexandra shared a knowing look.
"Do we run or set a trap?" Alexandra asked.
"Wouldn't it be terribly risky for three girls and one man to fight an unknown number of enemies in the middle of nowhere?" asked Laura. "I don't think I'd be much good in a fight."
Sophia nodded, including herself in Laura's assessment.
"That would be true on a battlefield," began Alexandra in an instructive tone, "but we'd do what the Rangers always do when outnumbered by bandits. We'd pick a spot along the trail with high ground that favours us, and that gives us a good vantage of an open narrow length of trail below."
"And then what?" asked Laura.
"We'd wait till they moved into range, and fill them full of arrows," Alexandra said.
"Since we don't know how many there are, or their intentions, I say we keep watch and continue forward," Allan said. "We're only two days out from the North Keep. If our pursuers are content just to follow until then, we can send soldiers from the garrison back down the trail to deal with them. Otherwise, who knows how long it will take for us to flush them out."
"Do you want first watch or second watch?" Alexandra asked.
"I'll take second," answered Allan.
After finishing his bowl of stew he wasted no time in heading to the covered shelter, climbing into his bedroll, and falling fast asleep. The sisters stayed and talked quietly by the fire after Allan had left.
"I don't know how he can just go to sleep," Laura said. "I don't know if I'll be able to sleep at all tonight."
"It's just part of being a soldier, or a Ranger," Alexandra explained. "You take sleep and food whenever you can get them."
The three sisters watched the fire in silence for a time. Then Alexandra retrieved her bow from the shelter and strung it. She slid a long knife into her belt, slung her quiver over her shoulder and returned to the fireside.
"I'll be nearby in the forest," Alexandra told her sisters. "Follow Allan's example and get some rest. You never know when you'll have to go without."
She slipped silently into the forest.
Laura and Sophia sat by the fire for almost an hour without speaking. Finally, it was Laura who broke the silence.
"What's going on with you and Allan?" she asked Sophia in a whisper.
"I don't know what you mean," answered Sophia, staring into the fire.
"You two avoid each other as much as is humanly possible, given our circumstances," Laura continued as if Sophia hadn't spoken. "You both avoid looking at each other when you can. It's just strange. You used to be so close when we were younger. I know for a fact you cried yourself to sleep every night for a week when he disappeared last year."
"It's complicated," Sophia eventually answered. "We should do as Alex suggested and sleep."
Her tone made it clear that their conversation was finished.

Chapter 10 - The North Keep
Neither Alexandra nor Allan saw anything suspicious during the night, and the travellers broke camp the next morning as they had on the days previous. A quiet settled over the group and no more than a dozen words were spoken during the day. They kept careful watch again the following night, but there was nothing and no one to be seen. Alexandra's feeling that they were being watched hadn't diminished, and Allan was inclined to trust her instincts. It was with relief all around when the party reached the North Keep late in the afternoon on the ninth day of their journey. The gate guards regarded the strange party curiously but, recognising Allan and Alexandra, let them pass unchallenged.
The North Keep itself was a relatively small castle which filled the narrow pass from one steep mountain slope to the other. Its position was so strong that attackers would have been hard pressed to take the castle even if it was undefended. A handful of soldiers would make such a task near impossible. The Crown always maintained a full company, consisting of thirty of the Kings Rangers, to be prudent. The post was a dull one, since only a handful of travellers used the route over the course of an entire year. Thus, the job of guarding the North Keep fell to a different company of Rangers every six months. Inside the small courtyard they were greeted by the captain of the company guarding the pass. The captain was a tall, lean man of somewhere between thirty and forty years of age with a long scar running down the left side of his face. As they dismounted to speak with him, he bowed to the princesses.
"Your Highnesses," he greeted them with a broad grin, "I think it's safe to say that the North Keep has never seen such beautiful visitors." He paused dramatically and looked at Allan as if only just noticing him. "Oh, hello Allan," he finished with an even broader grin.
Allan returned his grin and the two men shook hands.
"This ugly fellow is Jared Frostbane, captain of the Wolf Company." Allan said turning to Laura and Sophia.
"It's nice to meet you Captain," Laura said. She giggled as he kissed her hand with some extravagance.
"I'm pleased to make your acquaintance," followed Sophia, keeping her own hands back out of easy reach.
"Hello, Jared," Alexandra said, shaking his hand firmly.
"Good to see you again, Alex," Captain Frostbane replied. He called two of his men over and instructed them to stable the traveller's mounts.
"Dinner, such as it is, will be served in a half hour," the Captain told the travellers as their horse and ponies were led away. "I'll send hot water to your rooms so you can wash up, if you like, in the meantime."
This seemed like a fine idea and another soldier led the girls to their rooms. Allan stayed behind after they left. Jared Frostbane looked to him enquiringly.
"I can't tell you everything," Allan said. "We'll have a quiet talk with the ladies after dinner, but there is something that should be addressed now."
The Captain's jovial grin disappeared as Allan told him about the unknown pursuers.
"I'll send scouts back down to check the trail," he assured Allan. "You can leave this with me. It will be taken care of."
"I know," Allan replied clapping him on the shoulder. "I'm just glad it's your turn on guard up here."
***
Laura sat between Allan and Sophia on a bench that stretched the length of a long trestle table. The table was full of off-duty soldiers eating their evening meal. Alexandra was seated at the other end of the table and was engaged in a boisterous conversation with half a dozen of the men. Laura didn't hear what Alexandra had said, but it brought uproarious laughter from her companions.
"Alex seems to know everybody here," Laura said to Allan.
"She does, the Wolf Company is one of the units she's trained with."
"I suppose I knew that she went out and trained with the Rangers," Laura mused. "It just seems surprising, they all seem to_" she paused.
"Treat her like one of their own?" Allan finished. Laura nodded. "Alex had to work hard for that respect. These are hard men, who often have a dangerous job to do. Alex had to prove that she could keep up, and do the work like any of them. Most of them have seen her track bandits or dangerous animals, and live rough in the wild for weeks on end. There have been women Rangers in the past, but not many. Most consider Alex to be at least an unofficial Ranger."
"I suppose, I've never really understood why Alex would want to do all those things," admitted Laura in between bites of her dinner. Allan looked at her without answering. Laura studied his face. "I take it you have a theory," she prompted.
"I do, but let's keep it between us, all right?" he waited for Laura to agree before going on. "I believe that she's searching for the Queen and all the travelling and the training is towards that end."
Allan said the last quietly, so it wouldn't carry past them. Laura was distraught by his explanation.
"But Mother disappeared almost ten years ago. If she were alive, she'd have come home long before now."
"I know, but no body was found after the avalanche. I think against all reason, Alex still hopes and searches." He shrugged, "Maybe, I'm wrong. It's not something we've ever talked about. It's just my theory."
Laura ate the rest of her dinner in thoughtful silence.
***
After dinner Alexandra, Sophia, Laura and Allan met with Captain Frostbane in the small office used by each commander of the North Keep's garrison. A cheery fire crackled in the fireplace and additional chairs had been brought in so they could sit around the Captain's desk. After pouring a goblet of hot mulled cider for everyone, The Captain sat down behind the desk and waited politely for the others to begin. Alexandra looked to Allan and he indicated that she should start.
"Jared, we're here on Kingdom business," Alexandra began. "We can't tell you much. It's the sort of thing where, the fewer people who know, the better."
"I've been a soldier most of my life Alex," Captain Frostbane replied. "I'm well accustomed to doing my job while not having all the information."
"We need to go into the Vale," Alexandra continued. "We'll need some supplies and most of all, discretion."
The Captain looked around at each member of the group, pausing on Laura and Sophia.
"I can only assume you've explained how incredibly dangerous the Vale of Halros is," he began, looking hard at Allan. Allan nodded grimly, and the Captain went on. "That being said, knowing you and Alex as I do, I'm sure the situation is dire for you to take such a risk?"
"It is," confirmed Alexandra.
"I'll help you in any way I can," Captain Frostbane said. "I can send some of my men with you."
"I think stealth is our best option," replied Allan. "The smaller the party, the better. A couple of men won't make much difference if we draw dangerous attention in the Vale anyway."
"We were followed on our way here," Alexandra told the Captain.
"Allan informed me when you arrived. I sent two pairs of scouts down the trail, but no word has come back yet. I assume you're planning on crossing into the Vale tomorrow morning?"
"Yes, there's no time to waste," Alexandra said.
"Your supplies will be ready at first light and your mounts will be cared for until you return," Captain Frostbane promised, still looking concerned.  It was clear that he had more questions, but he kept them to himself.
"Must we leave our ponies behind?" asked Laura. She'd become very attached to her mount.
"The trail gets a lot rougher on the other side, Highness," he told her. "Also, a lot of the things that live in the Vale are fond of the taste of horse flesh. I'm afraid that your feet will have to carry you from here."

Chapter 11 - A Letter
Julia sat in the middle of her bed surrounded by books. Each of them contained fantastic stories about Elves, dragons and the Little Folk, who had inhabited all of Arros, before humans set foot on the continent. Many of them were beautifully illustrated works of art, and periodically, Julia found herself lost in the pictures. Each time, she would remind herself that she had an important job to do and that her father needed her help. Then, at least for a time, she'd return to reading the stories. Catherine had told her to read any stories that mentioned dragons at all, and more specifically, those about their fabled ancestors King Roger the First and his Queen Eleanor. Julia looked up from a particularly riveting story, filled with bloody battles, when she heard Kristina enter her room.
"How goes the search?" Kristina inquired, looking at the books spread across the bed.
"The stories are mostly interesting," Julia told her, "but I haven't found anything useful yet."
"I don't expect it will be easy," Kristina consoled her. "Historically, avoiding dragons was far more popular than finding them. How does Cath seem to you?" she asked changing the topic.
"Grumpy," Julia summed up with a single word. Then she considered the question more carefully. "Weirdly grumpy," she elaborated. "I mean, she's usually distracted, but she doesn't seem like herself and I think she might be sleeping nights in her office."
"It must be the stress of everything," Kristina mused. "She seemed off when I spoke to her earlier. I wanted to make sure it wasn't just me."
***
With Sophia gone, and Catherine strangely out of sorts, Kristina and Julia had taken Sophia's place each morning at breakfast in the little sitting room. Catherine's mood this morning was particularly dark. Kristina decided it was time to find out what was going on.
"Catherine, I know you're worried about Father and our sisters too, but you mustn't let it wear you down so. Things will work out, and I'm sure you'll find the answers you're looking for."
"If you can't find the answers, nobody can," agreed Julia.
Catherine looked up from her own thoughts and glanced at her sisters guiltily.
"I am, of course, worried about Father and our sisters and the whole kingdom," Catherine began. "I'm sorry I've been moping. You don't have to worry about me. I've just been being foolish," she finished with a sigh.
"Catherine you're the least foolish person I know," Kristina assured her. "You usually confide in Sophie, but since she's away, maybe Jules and I can fill in for her."
"Very well," said Catherine. "I've been carrying this for the last seven days, unable to open it." She produced a letter from a pocket in her dress and handed it to Kristina. The letter was well worn and crumpled, but the other girls saw the wax seal was still unbroken.
"This is Prince Daniel's seal isn't it?" asked Kristina. "It's similar to the royal seal of Calambria."
"Yes. It was left for me the morning after your birthday party. With everything else that was going on, I didn't notice it until the following day."
"Why haven't you opened it?" asked Julia, intrigued.
"You and the Prince seemed to get on very well," added Kristina. "At least until the end."
"I told you. I've been a fool," Catherine explained. "I've been too afraid to read it."
"You read Master Drake's forbidden spell books and you're too afraid to read a letter?" asked Julia in disbelief.
"I don't think it's the same sort of thing at all," explained Kristina "Is it?" 
She gave Catherine a probing look.
"No," Catherine replied looking into her lap, "would you read it for me?"
Kristina was surprised. Catherine had never asked for her help with anything.
"Are you sure?" she asked. Catherine didn't look up, but nodded mutely. Kristina broke the wax seal and began reading aloud.

Dearest Catherine,

I have tried to speak with you directly, but your Chancellor has informed me that you are indisposed and will not be available to see visitors before I must leave. I wished to apologize for any hurt I've given you. I've been awake all night, unable to sleep, seeing only the tears in your beautiful eyes. I am also, writing to apologize for the half-truth I told you at our parting. When I said that I could never be your friend, it was only half of the truth. The full truth is that I could never be only your friend. I hope you will find great happiness, but I couldn't bear to see you in another's arms. Catherine, I would only ever envy and hate the man who wins your heart. This is something no true friend would do. I've always known that dangers must be faced on any journey. I never would have dreamed a man could survive them all and yet be forced to leave his heart behind in the High Passes.

Should you ever need my aid in any matter, I'm yours to command.

Daniel

When Kristina finished reading, Catherine was still sitting, head bowed, with her hands in her lap. Kristina reached over and squeezed Catharine's hand. 
"Cath are you OK," she asked.
Kristina didn't know what reaction such a letter might bring. Catherine looked up at her sisters. Tears streaked her cheeks, but she was grinning so broadly it looked as if her mouth might split her face in two. 
"Yes, thank you," Catherine replied with a laugh. "I feel much better now."
She took the letter back from Kristina, folded it carefully, and returned it to her pocket. Catherine stood up and wiped away her tears with her sleeve.
"I have a dragon to find," she said happily and headed for the door.
"What about Prince Daniel," Julia exclaimed.
"He'll wait," replied Catherine over her shoulder, "men like that do." 
And with that she was gone.
"Wow," said Julia.
"Wow, indeed," agreed Kristina taking sip of her tea.

Chapter 12 - Stave
Captain Frostbane saw the travellers off at the northern gate early the next morning. Once again, he shook hands warmly with Allan and Alexandra and wished them good luck and a safe journey. Each member of the party now had a large pack to carry. Allan also carried a long spear, as a walking stick, in addition to the sword at his side and the bow slung over his shoulder. Several knives poked out of his clothing and his boot tops. Alexandra carried a smaller spear for her walking stick along with her own bow. The other girls had simply been armed with belt knives for their own, hopefully unnecessary, protection. After saying goodbye to the Captain, the group headed north down a trail that looked no different from the one that had brought them to the North Keep. Sophia paused and looked back when the castle's massive iron gate clanged shut behind them with distressing finality. She shifted her pack on her on her shoulders and moved to catch up to the rest of the group.
"You were right," she said, coming alongside Alexandra and hiking up her pack again. "I miss the pony already."
Alexandra laughed, "Look on the bright side Sophie, when you run out of food and water, the pack will be almost weightless."
"How is that 'the bright side'?" laughed Laura.
"I'm not sure," admitted Alexandra, "pep talks are really more your thing."
"Allan, the Vale doesn't look much different from the Kingdom so far," Laura said looking around her as they walked.
"This isn't the Vale proper yet," explained Allan. "This is just where border of the Sky Kingdom is. We'll reach the uppermost edge of the Vale of Halros tonight. When we get to the Vale, you'll know."
"You're not much for pep talks either," Alexandra informed Allan. "Maybe we should save our energy for walking." 
The travellers did just that. Allan took the lead and Alexandra took the rear guard position with the others walking in between them. Not counting sore feet, tired backs, and more frequent rest stops, the journey that morning was uneventful and no different from travelling in the Sky Kingdom. Late that afternoon, the surrounding landscape changed. The pass the trail cut through widened gradually and descended. In places the decent was quite steep, and much care was needed to navigate the trail. Progress slowed and even more energy was expended to move forward. After descending a particularly treacherous section across a cliff face, Allan called for a rest on a wide open ledge that afforded them their first real view of the Vale of Halros. A vast green valley spread out below them. It widened out into the distance as far as they could see. Sitting with their backs to the cliff face, and passing a water skin back and forth among them, the sisters listened as Allan pointed out landmarks.
"That is the Vale of Halros," he swept his arm from one side of the valley to the other. "You're lucky. It's unusually clear right now. We'd normally just have a view of dense fog from up here."
"Is it my imagination or has is gotten warmer," asked Sophia after taking a sip of water.
"It isn't your imagination, Princess," Allan replied. "It will get hotter as we move forward. Even without the usual fog, our view is still diminished here by the heat shimmer from the Vale."
"It looks pleasant and green from up here," remarked Laura.
"It's green certainly," Allan said. "The vegetation here is thick and lush like nothing you've ever seen. It's not the least bit pleasant. Look out to the farthest point you can see."
He pointed into the distance.
"Do you mean where that big dark smudge is," asked Alexandra.  Her eyes were keener than the others.
"Yes, that's the Dell of Halros. The worst part of the whole place and where we must go."
"It only looks a few days travel from here," remarked Alexandra, judging the distances.
"When you see the jungle and the swamp up close you'll double that assessment," Allan assured her.
"It's late afternoon. Should we consider camping up here, for one last night of relative safety?" Alexandra asked.
"I think we can do better," replied Allan. "A friend used to live nearby. If he still does we'll impose on his hospitality."
"You never mentioned a friend in the Vale before," accused Alexandra.
"No," Allan said, "he doesn't want people to know he's here. I promised to keep his secret. That's all I can say. His story isn't mine to tell."
"Well," Alexandra said, climbing to her feet, "let's go meet your mystery man and hope he has something good cooking for dinner."
***
The travellers continued their decent along the main trail for another hour. The trail cut through alpine forest that would have gone unremarked in the Sky Kingdom, except perhaps for the fact that the trees were generally much taller and the undergrowth thicker. They were still well above the valley's floor when Allan led them off of the main trail and onto an unmarked side trail that less keen eyes would have missed. This trail ascended back up into the mountainous side of the valley, and even Allan and Alexandra were exhausted when it finally opened into a small clearing. In the clearing stood a modest, but well-constructed log cabin next to a babbling brook. A kitchen garden filled most of the remainder of the clearing. Allan led the travellers toward the cabin's front door. Halfway across the clearing, they were stopped in their tracks by a voice from the forest behind them.
"I'm not one for uninvited guests," the deep voice said. "You might want to think about turning around and heading back to wherever you came from." Alexandra's hand strayed towards the knife on her belt. "I wouldn't do that miss," the voice warned. Her hand froze at her side. "Wise choice," the man continued.
Careful not make any sudden movements, Allan turned towards the speaker.
"Hello Stave," he said, "I guess I was under the impression that I had a standing invitation."
"Allan Hailgard," the voice from the forest shouted in surprise, "you of all people should know better than to sneak up to my cabin, unannounced, at nightfall!"
A huge man with a loaded crossbow materialized from the forest's edge. Alexandra was impressed when she realized that he didn't make the smallest sound when he moved. The man lowered the crossbow and stepped out of the tree's shadows. The sisters got their first look at Allan's friend Stave. Big was far too small a word to describe him, Alexandra decided. Stave stood a head and a half taller than Allan and had shoulders and arms like the Sky Keep's blacksmith. Alexandra guessed him to be about the same age as her father, but he had the weathered face of a man who had lived a lot of his life outdoors. He walked over without another word and picked up Allan in a bone crushing hug. Allan looked like a little boy in his arms. Stave set Allan down and turned to the sisters.
"Three beautiful women this time Allan," Stave said with a grin. "I'm not sure if that means you're moving up or down in the world."
"What does that mean?" Sophia asked the big man intently.
"I don't think we have time to tell everyone else's stories," Allan interrupted Stave's reply.
Stave saw the expression on Allan's face and changed the topic.
"You should at least introduce me to your lovely companions," said Stave.
"I'm Alex," Alexandra took the initiative and extended her hand.
Stave shook her hand firmly, but not painfully.
"I'm Laura," said Laura, smiling.
"It is a pleasure to meet you Laura," Stave gently shook her tiny hand.
"I'm Sophia," said Sophia last and a little coldly.
Laura noticed that Stave's smile slipped for just an instant, when Sophia gave her name, but quickly reasserted itself.
"It is a pleasure to meet you as well, Sophia," he said when she didn't offer her hand. "You are all welcome guests in my home. I don't suppose anyone would like dinner?" 
He chuckled at their simultaneous affirmations.
***
The interior of Stave's cabin was simple and well ordered. Everything had its place, and except for a surprising number of books, he seemed not to own any possessions which didn't have a practical use. While Stave prepared dinner, Allan and the sisters sat and rested after their long tiring day. The cooking food filled the cabin with delicious smells and more than one stomach rumbled in anticipation. Alexandra, who was less tired than her sisters, asked Stave if she could be of help in preparing the meal. Stave looked up from cutting vegetables on the kitchen table.
"I've seen much of this world," he said with a sly grin, "and travelled all the lands at one time or another. I've seen incredible wonders and spectacular beauty." He paused for effect, "But never have I seen a princess who could cook!" 
"Well now you have," Alexandra said. "I also know what the pointy end of a knife is for." She grinned up at him showing her teeth.
Stave found this hilarious and laughed until he shook and tears ran down his cheeks. When his laughter subsided, he set the knife next to the uncut vegetables.
"Thank you, Alexandra," he said, "for the help and the laughter."
Alexandra took over cutting the vegetables while Stave went to turn a roast of meat, spitted over the fire, in the cabins stone fireplace.
"How did you know she was a princess?" asked Laura from across the cabin. "We didn't tell you when we introduced ourselves."
"It wasn't a complex puzzle to solve, Princess Laura," Stave basted the roast with melted fat and spices. "Your names are not uncommon, but in combination they are telling. Also, I know this layabout Allan here, and who he is. Finally, that same layabout is quite the chatter box and so I've heard a lot about all of you, from the horse's mouth if you will."
 Alexandra snorted.
"You're very well spoken for a simple mountain man," Sophia accused. She looked at Staves shelves of books, "And remarkably well read." 
She let her statement hang and looked to Stave for his explanation.
"I think you will find most people are more than they initially seem if you get to know them, Princess Sophia," Stave said. "I've found that appearances are often deceiving. Perhaps a time will come when I will tell you my entire story. Unless I miss my guess, you have other more pressing concerns at the moment."
Stave's tone was polite, but made it clear the topic was closed for discussion.
"How long have you lived here?" asked Laura changing tack.
"Oh, I've been in this cabin for coming on twelve years or so," Stave answered. "I could be a year out on that. They all sort of blend together after a while."
Laura watched Stave place unbaked loaves of bread on a stone shelf that ran the length of back of the fireplace. He looked over at her as if he could feel her eyes on him. Stave raised a quizzical eyebrow.
"I didn't mean to stare," Laura apologised. "It's just that, there's something so familiar about you," she trailed off frowning.
"I think you'd remember meeting me, Princess," Stave laughed. "I tend to make an impression."
***
Stave and his guests sat around his kitchen table. The centre piece was a huge roast Stave informed them had come from and unfortunate moose that had crossed his path. The roast was surrounded by platters filled with fresh bread slathered in butter, bowls of vegetables from the garden outside, and hard cheeses contributed by his guests. Stave had even dug out a couple of dusty bottles of mead he'd been 'saving for a special occasion'. The dishes and utensils were of a rough sort, but the food was cooked and seasoned to perfection. It was a late supper and the hungry diners put a good sized dent in the food before slowing.
"This is delicious," Alexandra said, taking another big bite of the roast.
"I'll accept the compliment and ignore the surprise in your voice," responded Stave with his seemingly ever-present smile.
"Arandish," Laura said aloud to no one in particular, "these spices are Arandish. We used to have roasts and stews spiced just like this before Mother _," she paused and looked around. "Well anyway, I knew I recognised the smell from somewhere."
"You've lost almost your entire accent," Sophia said to Stave. "I couldn't place it before, but now? one of the Northern cities I'd guess?"
"You have a good ear, Princess," Stave said.
"No," Sophia went on, "I just heard it a lot as a child."
"I think that's enough prying into our host's past," Allan chastised. "When he wants you to know his secrets, he'll tell you himself."
"I'm far more interested in your secrets anyway," Sophia told Allan. She glared at him. "Who was the beautiful woman Stave mentioned when we arrived?"
Allan stared down at his hands. Alexandra and Laura shared a surprised glance. Sophia was rarely emotional about anything. In fact, not being emotional was a large part of her training for membership in the Conclave of Sorcerers.
"Stave already knows the whole story," Allan said still looking at his hands. "I'll tell it to the rest of you after dinner."
"A sound plan," Stave agreed. "Let's not let this food get cold."

Chapter 13 - Allan's Secret
When everyone had eaten their fill, Stave brought down large cushions from the sleeping loft under the eaves of the cabin and arranged them around the fireplace.  Once they were all settled, Allan began.
"My story is fairly embarrassing and filled with my own stupidity. So I'm going leave out some of the names of those involved. I'll include every detail that might affect our quest." 
The listeners waited silently for him to continue.
"A little over a year ago, I realised I had fallen in love with a young woman from the Keep. I guess I'd always loved her to some degree, but this was different. She was the first thing I thought about when I woke each morning and the last thing as I drifted off to sleep each night. I think she loved me too, but as a friend or maybe a brother." Allan paused for a moment, "Beyond that, she had already had commitments that would make our being together impossible. After a time it became unbearable, seeing her most days, and keeping my feelings inside. I tried to work longer hours, to avoid her, but inevitably she would end up in the same hallway or stairwell with me. It got to where I couldn't sleep and I forgot to eat for days at a time."
"Periodically, the Kingdom sends scouts, or more accurately spies, to the other realms, to study the current conditions and report back to the Crown. Such a mission to the Vale was long overdue and I volunteered to go. The King and my father were not keen on the idea, but I convinced them that I was the right person for the job. I packed up and headed north. What I didn't tell them, was that I had another agenda of my own."
"I travelled throughout the Vale and gathered the intelligence as per my official mission. I also searched for a magical solution to my own situation. The beautiful woman Stave spoke of is a young witch named Mariven, who I met on my travels. She seemed sincere in her desire to help me. Looking back, I can't believe how stupid I was." Allan paused again to gather his thoughts. "I made a bargain with her. She agreed to do everything in her power to free me of my love in exchange for five years of service. I learned afterword's that magic has no effect on love and that everything in her power amounted to nothing at all."
"You traded five years of your life just to stop loving someone?" Alexandra asked. She didn't try to hide her incredulity.
"I thought it a small price to pay, compared to living a whole lifetime without what I wanted most. When I realised I'd been swindled, I tried to leave. Mariven bound me with her magic and kept me chained for almost two months. She became obsessed with the idea of making me hers, permanently. Every day, she alternated between kindness and torture. I would still be bound in the yard outside of her home, if Stave hadn't freed me and gotten me away from her. I owe him my life."
"You've repaid the favour since," Stave said. "Regardless, we're friends. It's impossible for friends to ever owe each other anything."
"That's the short of my story," Allan continued after a moment. "On the positive side of things, I have a far better knowledge of the Vale than I led you to believe. On the negative side, I have a powerful enemy here who both desires and hates me to a fairly spectacular degree."
"You're our friend too," Alexandra told Allan, "and you always will be."
 Laura nodded, but Sophia just stared stonily into the fire.
"Shouldn't we make our next plans and get some sleep?" asked Laura, yawning in spite of herself. "I assume we'll be making an early start again."
"No point in staying up any later tonight Princess," Stave told her. "A big storm is blowing in." As if to prove his point, wind rattled the windows at that moment and heavy rain fell on the roof of the cabin. "You won't be going anywhere tomorrow."
***
Stave surrendered his vast bed in the sleeping loft to the three sisters and he and Allan laid bedrolls on the floor in front of the fireplace downstairs. The girls lay warm under heavy blankets and listened to the driving rain on the roof above them. Alexandra rolled over to speak with Laura who had the middle position between her sisters. She could just make out her face in the darkness.
"Who do you think she is?" Alexandra whispered, not wanting their conversation to carry downstairs.
"If you can't figure it out, it isn't my place to say," answered Laura in a whisper of her own.
Alexandra was quiet for a time, and then she whispered, "Well, I'm pretty sure it isn't me."
"Seriously?" Laura managed to add her exasperation to her whisper. "He doesn't avoid you. And you don't have other commitments that keep you from being together."
"I was just double checking," Alexandra continued. "I'd feel pretty stupid not to have noticed Allan was in love with me after all these years. I've never thought about Allan that way, but he's easily the best man anywhere near our ages in the whole kingdom. If Allan loved me like that, I'd break the other commitment. I mean, who wouldn't want a man like Allan?"
She sounded genuinely puzzled.
A choking sob came from Sophia. Alexandra propped herself up on one elbow so she could look over top of Laura. Even in the near darkness she could see Sophia had been crying. Sophia looked back at her, thick strands of her hair glowing gently silver and her eyes lit from within by pale violet light.
"Some commitments aren't easily broken," an anguished Sophia whispered. Then she turned her face away from her sisters and pulled the blankets up over her head.
Alexandra looked back to Laura, her mouth forming a silent "Oh". 
***
The heavy rain continued unabated throughout the night and into the next day. The sisters woke to the smell of frying bacon, onions and mushrooms. Following their noses downstairs, they found Stave by the fire manning an enormous skillet. Allan was setting the table for breakfast and he waved them over to sit. When the girls had seated themselves, Allan poured each a cup of hot tea. Laura took a sip of hers and made a sour face.
"What kind of tea is this," she asked Allan, staring into her cup.
"It's brewed from the leaves and berries of a bush that grows in the Vale," Allan answered. "You don't drink it for enjoyment."
"I should say not!" exclaimed Laura. She felt a need to scrub out her mouth.
"It will keep you from contracting the sleeping sickness and fevers that the mosquitos in the jungle and swamp carry," Allan explained. "I've seen what those diseases do to a person. Trust me. You need to drink the tea."
"It's better to get it down before you eat, Princess," Stave assured Laura. "Otherwise the taste sticks in your mouth all day."
He emphasised his point with a grimace.
***
A half hour later, not a scrap of food remained in Stave's skillet and everyone was contentedly full. Laura noted gratefully that Stave had been correct and that breakfast had stripped the foul of taste of the tea from her tongue. A new pot of much tastier tea had been brewed. While drinking the tea around Staves rough table, they made plans to the backdrop of the still falling rain. As talk moved toward the details of their quest, Alexandra gave Allan a meaningful look. Having spent so many hours together, no words were necessary for Allan to understand her concern.
"Stave can be trusted with our secrets," Allan said, answering Alexandra's unasked question aloud for the benefit of the entire table.
"I appreciate your hospitality," Alexandra said, "and I mean no offence." She looked to Stave, "But we don't know anything about you." 
Sophia nodded, but Laura just stared at the big man.
"I vouch for him," Allan said. "He doesn't want me to tell his secrets, but I know them. Stave can be trusted for several reasons, but right now, I'm just asking you to trust me."
When Allan finished he looked to each of the girls in turn.
"I trust him too," said Laura, smiling up at Stave.
The other girls looked at Laura. For all of Laura's kind and gentle nature, she was known to be an exceptional judge of character.
"I don't know why, but I'm certain he'd defend us to his last breath and that he'd die before he betrayed anyone."
Stave appeared to grow discomforted by Laura's assessment and her smile grew broader.
"Isn't that true?" she asked him.
"It is," Stave grudgingly agreed, "but don't go telling people. You'll spoil the perfectly good reputation I've been working on for the last twelve years."
"Well, I trust the two of you," Alexandra said to Laura and Allan. "So that's good enough for me. Let's figure out our next move." 
Allan told Stave about the reason for their visit to the Vale of Halros and Stave offered his help in completing their mission. The three sisters and Allan accepted the big man's offer. That settled, Allan continued.
"I know the way to Dell," Allan said "and it's a dangerous trip. But, we can deal with, or preferably avoid, most of the dangers. What I'm not sure about is how we'll find the specific spider once we reach their territory. We've been taking this one step at a time so far, but we certainly won't survive long just blundering around in the Dell."
"I can track anything," Alexandra boasted.
"But how will you find the correct spider?" asked Stave. "There are an awful lot of them in there."
Alexandra didn't have an answer to this question and there was a thoughtful silence that was eventually broken by Sophia.
"I can find the spider," she said, looking down at the table top. "I can point towards its general direction with my eyes closed."
"How is that possible?" asked Laura.
"When I cast the spell," Sophia explained. "I formed a bond to both Father and to what I feel certain is the spider that was killing him. It's as if fine string runs between them and I'm somewhere in the middle holding on to it." She self-consciously touched her silver hair as she spoke. "The connection to Father has become fainter and fainter as we've moved north and the one to the spider has become stronger. I'm not sure what we'll have to do when we get there, but I can find it."
"Well that certainly simplifies our mission. Now we just have to get there in one piece," Allan concluded.
***
The rest of the morning was spent discussing the route they would take and Allan and Stave gave the girls a basic primer on the many dangers they would face. When there seemed little more to say, the meeting broke up and Stave set out a lunch of cold meats, bread and dried fruit. The storm finally ended after lunch, and as quickly as they had blown in, the grey clouds were replaced with sunshine. Allan and Alexandra decided to escape the confines of the cabin and see if they could hunt up something for dinner. Sophia took one of Staves books from a shelf and settled into an overstuffed leather chair at the far end of the cabin so she could read in the sunshine, now streaming in through the window. Stave opened cupboards and started filling the table with supplies for their journey. Laura kept him company.
"Can I help with the packing," she offered as he stacked more and more supplies on the table.
"You'd be a big help just keeping an old man company," Stave said. "Have a seat there and we can talk as I pack. I get lonely for good conversation up here sometimes."
"You're not that old," Laura laughed, "and luckily for you, conversations are my specialty."
"Excellent," Stave said as he stuffed a wool blanket into a sack. "Start us off."
"Our Mother was Arandish like you," Laura began. "She told me once that she had saltwater in her veins. I was three at the time and I thought she was being literal. Although she loved us and Father dearly, I think some part of her always missed the sea. Especially living about as far from either ocean as you can get." Laura hesitated a moment and then went on, "I guess what I'm asking is, up here in the mountains, don't you miss the sea?"
"Every day," Stave replied, his hands pausing in their work. "But these mountains have a different kind of beauty and all the harsh unpredictability of the sea to boot. On Arandel, you'd be a Keeper of the Stories for sure," he finished returning to the task at hand.
The Arandish people had kept their oral tradition of passing down the history and stories of their people long after they had adopted the written word. The Keepers of the Stories were always women chosen for their exceptional memories.
"My mother was teaching me the Stories before she_," Laura stopped, overcome with emotion.
"I'm sorry about your loss, Laura," Stave said. He reached across the table and gently squeezed her shoulder. "Your Mother was a fine woman," He added.
Laura looked up in interest.
"You knew our mother?" she asked.
Sophia's head came up at the other end of the cabin as she too became interested in the conversation.
"We came from the same city," Stave answered offhandedly, "everyone who knew her spoke very highly of her." He shrugged, "I'm afraid loss is just a thing we have to learn to live with. Unfortunately, some learn it young. The sun is out. Let's speak of happier things."
"You could be a raider right out of the old stories," Laura said changing the topic. "All you need is an axe and shield and a longship."
"It's been a good five hundred years since any of my kind," Stave paused and then nodded to Laura, "our kind, did any raiding along the coasts of Arros. Although, that reminds me," he crossed the room and reached up above the high upper cupboards, his hands searching for something. Stave took down a very large and ancient looking battle axe. It was a bearded axe of the type that Arandish raiders had used to terrorise the lower kingdoms for hundreds of years before they had settled into domestic life on the island of Arandel. He held up the axe to show Laura before propping it next to the front door.
"It's just like Foe Cleaver, the magic axe that the Great Reaver, Eric Ironhelm himself, carried into battle," Laura exclaimed.
"Well, it is an old axe that's been passed from father to son in my family going a long way back," Stave conceded with a laugh. "It may not be the Foe Cleaver," he continued, "but it is very sharp."

Chapter 14 - The Vale of Halros
Alexandra and Allan returned from hunting, later that afternoon, with a half dozen rabbits between them. Stave cooked stew for dinner and everyone turned in early, anticipating long days of travelling and poor sleeps ahead. Breakfast the next morning was a cold affair, and the now expanded party set out from the cabin as the first rays of daylight lit the dark forest. The descending path was little more than a deer track. As they made their way to lower elevation, the air became noticeably warmer and damper. Cloaks were removed and tied to packs, and the girls, who had lived their whole lives high in the mountains found the air unpleasantly moist and thick. Alpine forest gave way to rain forest which soon became dense jungle. The trees, vines and undergrowth on both sides of the trail grew so thickly that the travellers could only see for a few feet into the jungle. Even with the sun high in the sky, the canopy of treetops kept the jungle floor in near darkness throughout the day.
 	In spite of the heat, damp and biting insects, the princesses were surprised to find that the jungle was full of beauty. Many of the plants were colourful and flowers bloomed all around them. Butterflies comprising all hues of the rainbow flitted about, although none came close enough to touch. The sounds of birds and unseen animals surrounded them as they walked.
"It's hard to believe all this beauty could be so dangerous," Laura said to Stave.
"Not everything here is dangerous," Stave said, "but plenty of it is. Not knowing the difference will get you killed."
He stopped and gestured for the rest of the party to stop as well.
"I'll show you an example of what I'm talking about. Here, look at this pretty little bush," Stave pointed to a broad, waist high, bush growing at the side of the trail. It had shiny green leaves and was covered in enormous golden flowers with bright red centres. Small, tasty looking, yellow fruit hung from many of its branches.
"Allan, if you would do the honours," Stave said. Allan nodded grimly and approached the attractive plant with his spear extended out in front of him. Using the full length of the spear he reached out and touched one of the flowers. The entire bush convulsed and the large flower closed, with surprising speed and strength, tight on the tip of his spear. Branches with other flowers flexed towards the spear and soon a dozen of them had clamped about the end of the shaft.
"Each flower has a poison needle inside of it," Stave explained. "The poison rapidly dissolves flesh. One would be enough to kill a human being. The others make sure of the job. The plant then draws in its victim and absorbs the nutrients." 
As Stave finished speaking, the bush released the spear and returned to its former shape.
"It can tell that Allan's spear has no food value," Stave explained. "Remember, touch nothing, no matter how pretty, or fragrant or helpless it seems."
The big man headed down the trail again.
***
After the morning's demonstration the sisters were careful to stay in the centre of the path. Except for being tired, sweaty and harassed by mosquitos their journey continued without incident until mid-afternoon when Stave once again called a halt.
"Why are we stopping here?" asked Alexandra. "This bit of jungle looks the same as every other bit we've passed."
"Time for the second lesson of the day," answered Stave.
"What is it?" asked Allan as he moved forward to see for himself. He looked down the trail which widened up ahead. "Oh," was all he said after a brief inspection.
"Oh, what?" asked Alexandra, looking down the trail.
"Look carefully," Allan answered. "What's different about the trail where it widens out?"
All three of the sisters looked down the trail in an attempt to solve Allan's riddle.
"I don't see anything," said Sophia after taking a good look.
"Me either," said Laura, "but something feels wrong here." She was thoughtfully quiet for a moment and then went on, "There's something waiting up there. It's hungry, but also very patient." She shrugged.
"That's an accurate assessment, Princess," Stave told her. "Allan once told me that you are closely tied to the earth and its creatures. I see now it's true."
"The vines," Alexandra said, interrupting him. "This is the only part of the trail we've seen where vines cross the path. Their pattern isn't random either. It just looks random at first glance." She looked to Stave for confirmation.
"Correct," Stave said pleased, "those aren't vines at all. They are, in point of fact, the tentacles of a Vale kraken. It's laid them across the trail waiting for a careless animal or traveller to pass. Once its prey is in the middle of them, they will become very animated indeed. It cuts off escape and drags its victim to almost certain doom."
"How do we get past it?" Alexandra asked.
"It just needs a little encouragement to get out of our way." Stave set down his pack and grasped his big axe in two hands. "Observe," he told them walking softly towards the closest tentacle.
When he was a single pace away, Stave raised his axe, as if he were about to split a piece of firewood, and brought it down, severing the tentacle. Blackish blood sprayed from the wound and the rest of the tentacles thrashed wildly in the air. A high pitched squeal erupted from the jungle off to one side of the trail. The tentacles retracted in the direction the squeal had come from and something heavy could be heard dragging itself away into the jungle still calling out in pain. Stave waved the rest over to where he stood.
"You see," he said pointing down at the severed tentacle. "Even up close, it looks like a thick vine. On the bottom there are tiny suckers just like an octopus from the sea. The krakens aren't fast, but they are very strong and very patient. This one may have been waiting here for weeks."
"You spotted it easily enough," pointed out Alexandra.
"That's true," agreed Stave, "but this was a young one and not so clever. The older, smarter, krakens pull themselves up into the trees and dangle their tentacles down among real vines. You can find one wrapped around your neck before you know it."
***
As the day wore on, the sisters began to dread spending the night in the dangerous jungle. Allan and Stave had assured them the day before that however dangerous the jungle might be in the day time, it paled in comparison to the night when most of its predators hunted. They felt a sense of relief when the thick vegetation suddenly gave way to bare rocky ground and a wide clearing opened up in front of them. The clearing was several hundred yards across and steam rose from the many hot springs scattered about it. Notwithstanding the smell of sulfur heavy in the air, it seemed a fine place to the tired travellers.
"We'll camp here tonight," Stave told the others as they skirted the hot pools of water and made their way to the centre of the clearing. "Most of the creatures in the jungle rely on stealth and camouflage to hunt. This is the safest campsite we'll find."
Stave stopped near the centre of the clearing at the remains of an old campfire. Not far away was a stack of cut firewood.
"Good," Stave said, "no one has burned the wood I gathered the last time I was through here."
"Do you travel down here often?" Alexandra asked.
"As little as possible, but sometimes I need supplies from Snakewood, the town we'll being staying in tomorrow night. I assure you, if I could do without, I'd never come here or visit Snakewood."
After carefully checking the woodpile for snakes, Allan built a small campfire in the well-used fire pit. Stave showed the girls a pool of hot water nearby that was just the right temperature for soaking tired feet. The sisters sat around its edge with boots and stockings carelessly discarded around them. After a brief soaking Alexandra pulled her boots back on and went to find out what Stave was doing a few steaming pools away. When she got there he was lowering an oilskin sack tied to middle of a long thick branch, into the bubbling water.
"What's in the sack?" Alexandra asked.
"Our dinner. Some of these pools are just right for soaking your feet. Others, are more than hot enough to cook our food. It makes less of a food smell this way and less likely we'll attract something unpleasant from the jungle."
"What's for dinner?" Alexandra asked. She was feeling hungry at the mention of food.
"Oh, mostly eyeballs and worms," Stave grinned. "Fear not, I've seasoned them with the finest dirt."
"I can see why you and Allan get on so well," said Alexandra with a disgusted snort. She turned away without saying more and went to sit by the campfire.
***
Dinner turned out to be a sack full of ham, potatoes, carrots and other vegetables that none of the girls recognized. They sat around the small campfire and ate as dusk fell. The campfire Allan built was only for light, comfort and perhaps small protection from animals. None of the fire's heat was required or desired since the damp air in the clearing was already warm. Even the rock on which they sat was warm to the touch. Soon after the eating had ended, the yawning began.
"As there are enough of us," Stave proposed. "Two of us should stand guard. I'll take the first watch with Laura and the last with Alexandra. Allan and Sophia can take the middle watch. We'll always have at least one experienced fighter in each group."
"That sets you two to our one," argued Alexandra. "It hardly seems fair. Especially considering your_," she paused and Stave looked at her sharply.
"My, what?" he asked.
"Declining years," Alexandra finished, keeping a straight face.
"We're an odd number," Stave continued, "and we'll balance out the sleep as we go." He frowned at Alexandra, "You disrespectful children should sleep while you can."
***
Allan, who was no stranger to keeping watch or to interrupted sleep, awoke as soon as Laura touched his shoulder. He rolled out of his bedroll, already fully awake.
"Any excitement?" he asked Laura, pulling on his boots.
"No," she answered quietly, shaking Sophia's shoulder. "Not unless you count all the eyes staring at us from the jungle or the frightening noises in the night."
Stave and Laura took to their blankets as Allan and Sophia moved away from the fire to keep watch on the dark jungle. As Laura had said, bright sets of eyes, both yellow and green, could be seen staring at them from the darkness. Allan and Sophia sat without speaking for the first hour of their watch. Finally, Sophia broke the silence.
"I'm sorry Allan," she said.
"What do you have to be sorry for, Princess?" Allan asked.
"I'm sorry I was rude to you two nights ago. I had no right to be angry with you. I'm sorry that you had to leave home. I'm sorry I swore oaths when I didn't fully understand what the cost might be. I'm sorry that you suffered two months of torture because of me. I'm just generally sorry," she trailed off.
"I'll accept your apology for the rudeness, although it isn't necessary," Allan said. He stared out into the night. "But it isn't your fault I left home or that I made foolish choices after doing so. Mariven tortured me because she's a fairly awful person. As for the rest, I don't think you can apologise for being_," he stopped.
"For being what?" Sophia asked when it was clear Allan didn't intent to finish.
"For being you," he whispered into the night, "For being bright, and kind, and beautiful. For being?perfect."
Membership in the Conclave of Sorcerers required putting aside all close relationships and dedicating oneself wholly to the study of magic. Sophia had practiced long hours of meditation and various mental exercises, every day for the past five years, to still her feelings and develop the control necessary to be a responsible sorceress. She had had only had a single lapse of emotional turmoil the previous year when Allan had suddenly disappeared. Listening to him now, she could feel cracks forming in the wall she had built around her heart. Sophia calmed herself and repeated the mantra she'd learned for dealing with times of unexpected stress. When she felt in control again, she responded to his words.
"Allan, no one is perfect."
"I know that," Allan said, his sudden intensity catching her off guard. "Intellectually, I know that no one is perfect. My mind tells me you aren't perfect. The problem is my heart,'' he continued with a terrible earnestness. "It's certain you are."
"I can't Allan," Sophia said, the steadiness already gone from her voice. "I've apprenticed myself to the Conclave. Even a princess can't walk away from that."
"I would never ask you to," Allan said, looking at Sophia. "Becoming a sorceress has been your dream since you learned you could light a candle with the power of your mind. I would never try to take away your dream. I left, and I stayed away. I would have stayed away for good if your father hadn't been poisoned. You don't have to worry. When this is over, you won't see me again."
Allan looked back out into the darkness. Sophia had no idea what to say to that, and they finished their watch without speaking another word.
***
At dawn, the party ate a cold breakfast and broke camp as quickly as possible. The town of Snakewood was most of a day's journey and no one was keen to sleep in the deep jungle for a second night. Sounds of hunter and prey had punctuated each of their watches and little imagination was required to picture what the deep jungle was like after sundown. The day's march was without incident, although Stave stopped several times to point out plants and other creatures that posed a potential danger. After a long sweaty day of walking the travellers arrived at the town of Snakewood.

Chapter 15 - Snakewood
Laura thought that "town" was a generous name to give a place like Snakewood. A vast clearing had been hacked and burned into the jungle and ramshackle homes had been erected in its midst. At the edges of the town were small farms which didn't appear to be very prosperous. Great hairy pigs and goats, of a sort the girls had never seen before, made up the only visible livestock. As the group passed by one of the outer fields, a cruel looking man who was even dirtier than his pigs stared at them. The man gave no greeting and his eyes followed them hungrily.
"I wouldn't want to come here on my own," said Laura. 
A few more of the people working in the fields had stopped whatever chore they'd been doing and watched the party pass in silence just as the pig farmer had done.
"It would likely be the last trip you took anywhere," Stave told her. "Most of these people are deciding if you three are a big enough prize to risk confronting Allan and I. Three young girls would bring a good price at the market."
"People are sold here?" Laura asked. Her outrage was written across her face.
"Everything is sold here," Stave explained. His voice was thick with disgust. "You survive in the Vale by being too dangerous to be worth anyone's trouble. We shouldn't have any issues in Snakewood. I've spent the last twelve years convincing folk around here that I'm far more trouble than they want."
The group made their way past the outer homesteads and into the centre of the town. The buildings had obviously been built without any sort of plan, with many of the streets terminating abruptly in dead ends. The streets in the town were paved with dirt or mud and were frequently covered in refuse. In the centre of the town was a market square surrounded by buildings that, seemingly against the laws of physics, climbed two and three stories. Dark and dangerous looking alleyways left the square in all directions. The people going about their business in the square gave the travellers the same measured appraisal as those outside of the town.
"Sleeping in the jungle tonight seems more appealing by the second," said Alexandra, examining the town's unsavoury looking residents. 
"The inn is safe enough," Allan assured her. "Stavros, its owner, has a vested interest in maintaining order there."
"Aye," continued Stave, "even the kinds of traders who come into the Vale for their filthy business want to sleep the night without having their throats cut. Stavros makes his living by providing a small radius of law and order around his premises. As long as we can pay, and we can, we'll be as safe as anywhere in this cesspit of a valley."
"Well, you certainly make it sound nice," Alexandra said. Stave chuckled and his laughter brought more stares from the town's residents.
Allan and Stave led the girls to Stavros's inn on other side of the market square. The inn was the largest and best constructed building in town. Unlike most of the other buildings, no other structure had been allowed to be built up against its side or back walls. Strangely, the inn had no sign marking its purpose. When Laura commented on this, Stave explained that Snakewood wasn't a place enough strangers passed through to require advertising. A large, fierce looking, man sat on a stool beside the entrance, guarding the front door to the inn. The man had a remarkable number of visible scars and the facial tattoos commonly warn by the warriors of Gorth. He took his time looking the travellers over.
"Been a while Stave," the big man drawled lazily.
"Not long enough for me Fletch," Stave replied with none of his usual friendliness.
"Always so high and mighty," growled Fletch. "And I was going to make you a good offer for one of your girls here, too." Fletch flashed a rotten toothed grin when he saw Alexandra put her hand on the handle of her long knife. "This feisty one, I think," he went on with a leer for Alexandra.
"Not for sale," Stave lifted Fletch from his seat by his collar and held him against the wall of the inn with one powerful arm. "These are my nieces, come to visit their old uncle," Stave went on, twisting Fletch's collar in his grip and cutting off his air. "You can spread the word. The hand that so much as touches one of them will come off." Stave held the head of his big axe in front of Fletch's eyes and then unceremoniously dropped him back on his stool.
"Stavros doesn't like people attacking his staff," Fletch panted to get his breath back.
"He also doesn't like his staff trying to do their own deals on his premises. Maybe you should tell him about it." 
Fletch said nothing, but he gave Stave a look of purest hatred.
"Why don't you do your job and open the door for us," Stave continued. "I could use a drink."
Fletch got up off the stool and roughly pulled the door ajar. Stave went inside, followed by the girls.
"Someone's been looking for you Allan," Fletch said in a low voice as Allan made to follow the others. "I think she'll be very interested to hear that you're back." Allan didn't acknowledge Fletch, but was followed inside by the sound of his spiteful laughter.
***
The interior of Stavros's Inn, the princesses were surprised to discover, was neat, clean and well kept. Stavros himself proved to be a heavyset Sutlunder with a quick smile and clever probing eyes. They secured two rooms on the top floor and the girls were relieved to see that their door could be locked from the inside with a heavy bolt. After leaving their gear upstairs the companions returned to the common room for supper. They claimed a table away from the door and ate a large meal of goat stew and fresh bread. The food was also surprisingly good, but there was something off-putting about the inn's other customers. When drinking in the common room began in earnest, the entire group decided they would prefer an early bedtime to the company available downstairs.
***
Sophia awoke in the middle of the night from a dreamless sleep. She woke with the strange certainty that there was something important she needed to do outside of the inn. Careful not to waken her sisters, she rose, dressed and quietly left their bedroom. She made her way down the main staircase and crossed the floor of the now empty common room. The doorman Fletch still sat on his stool, but was now keeping watch on the inn's front door from inside. Fletch didn't say a word as Sophia approached. He simply stood up, unlocked the door, and held it open for her. Sophia strode out into the moonlit night without noticing the cruel expression on the doorman's face. She walked for a time through the dark town, down crooked streets and dark alleys until she reached a particular alleyway several streets over from the inn. It was at this point that Sophia truly woke.
Sophia looked around in confusion. She had no recollection of leaving the inn and didn't know where she was. As she attempted to gain a sense of direction, the sound of footfalls came from the alley behind her. Turning about, she found herself face to face with a beautiful young woman who looked to be several years older than her. At first glance the woman's eyes appeared to be light blue in colour, but as Sophia looked into them they changed to the same violet colour as her own eyes. Sophia knew who the woman was.
"I'd heard that witches can hide the violet," Sophia began, her voice far steadier than she felt. "I always wondered if it were true."
"Hello Little Princess," the witch said. "I've wanted to meet you for a while now."
"That's funny, Mariven," Sophia replied. "I only just recently learned of your existence and I was rather hoping not to make your acquaintance."
"We don't need to squabble," Mariven went on as if Sophia hadn't spoken. "I've come to claim my rightful property. That's all there is to it. I merely called you out to see what all the fuss was about." Mariven looked Sophia slowly up and down and then grinned slyly. "Frankly, I just don't see it."
"Allan isn't your property," Sophia said. She looked Mariven in the eye, "And he never will be!"
"What is it to you anyway, Little Princess," Mariven asked, her cruel smile growing broader. "You've sworn yourself to the Conclave and all of their ridiculous rules. You may not know what a man or the magic is for, but I do. You don't want him, but no one else can have him either. Is that it?"
"Allan is a good man. Just because I can't be with him doesn't mean I'll leave him to the likes of you."
Mariven gestured with her right hand and Sophia found herself bound by invisible bonds and pressed to her knees.
"You may be a princess up in the mountains, foolish child," Mariven spat, "but you're nothing here." 
There was a dull thud and Mariven collapsed to the ground in front of Sophia like a puppet whose strings had all been cut. Alexandra was standing behind her. In her hand was a stick as long and as thick as her arm.
"Wrong Witch," Alexandra said looking down at Mariven's still form, "she's my sister."
***
The dark alleyway provided Alexandra and Sophia with a length of dirty old rope and a loosely sealed barrel that stank of rotten fish. After tying up the unconscious Mariven they unceremoniously dumped her into the barrel. Alexandra tapped the lid of the barrel back into place with her stick.
"That sure does stink," said Alexandra.
"How did you find me so quickly?" Sophia asked.
"When I tell you I'm the best tracker in the Kingdom, it isn't boasting. It's a fact. Although, tracking someone down a muddy a street isn't really any challenge."
"Thank you," Sophia said.
"Can you use magic to get the smell off?" Alexandra asked, looking at the barrel.
"As far as I know, that's not something you can do with magic."
"Good," said Alexandra. She was grinning with a vicious delight.
***
The next morning the travellers ate a breakfast of hot porridge in the inn's common room. The doorman Fletch was nowhere to be seen when they left the inn shortly thereafter. Stave commented on his suspicious absence to Allan.
"I don't think you have to worry about him," Alexandra told Stave.
"Why is that?" Stave asked.
"I think he may have cut himself in the night," Alexandra explained. "He may be hiding from us to avoid worse."
"What's going on?" Allan demanded.
"It all started when I woke up last night and found Sophia missing," Alexandra began. She told them how she had gone downstairs looking for Sophia and been confronted by Fletch, who had refused to let her out of the inn. "He grabbed me," she said, "and not in a nice way either."
"What did you do?" Laura asked.
"I showed him what the pointy end of a knife is for. Then he let me go. I reminded him of what old Uncle Stave here promised to do to anybody who touched us." She looked at Stave admiringly. "I think your reputation here in town is solid. Fletch only had to consider that for a second before he made a run for it."
Next she told them about tracking down Sophia and their encounter with Mariven.
"Well, I'm sure she's free of that barrel by now," Stave said when Alexandra finished. "So that will be one more monster to watch for."
They travelled north from Snakewood and headed back into thick jungle along a wider and more travelled trail.

Chapter 16 - The Fever Swamps
The jungle north of Snakewood was indistinguishable from that which lay to the south of the town. The trail had been cleared recently and it took the travellers lower into the Vale. As the group went further north, they encountered water with greater frequency. The jungle became damper, and by mid-morning everyone had wet boots from fording the many streams and small rivers.
"Even after Snakewood, I'm not looking forward to sleeping in this," Laura told Stave, waving her arm to encompass the surrounding jungle.
"Oh, we'll get a break from the jungle before nightfall," Stave said. "We'll be sleeping under the open sky tonight."
"That's nice. Is it another spot like the one with hot springs?"
"I'm afraid not. Our reprieve will be provided by the Fever Swamps. They're between here and the Dell. Then it's down into the Dell and the really dangerous jungle."
"I find it hard to believe it's worse than this," Laura said.
"It is hard to imagine," agreed Stave, looking around. "I'm afraid it's a 'seeing is believing' sort of thing."
***
The travellers entered the Fever Swamps with no warning. The jungle didn't gradually transition into marshland, but instead ended abruptly as though a giant had marked its edge on a vast map. In a matter of steps they went from walking under a tall canopy of trees to treading a soggy zigzagging trail which wended its way through reeds and bulrushes. The vegetation in the swamp grew far taller than any man, and they found visibility was actually worse than it had been in the jungle. The furthest distances that the girls could see were forward down the trail and back. All three sisters stopped when they heard a loud buzzing sound approaching from the east side of the trail.
"What is that?" Sophia asked. She looked in the direction the noise was coming from.
"You'll see," Allan said.
A few seconds later, just as it seemed that whatever was making the noise must soon come racing out of the swamp to their right, two huge dragonflies flew over the group. The dragonflies flew so low that Alexandra could have reached up and touched one with her spear. The three sisters stared in the direction that the dragonflies had gone.
"Those dragonflies had wings wider than Stave with his arms outstretched," said Laura. She still stared off in the direction that the insects had gone.
"The bugs grow big in the swamp," agreed Stave. "Dragonflies are harmless to us and they eat a lot of the bugs that aren't. It's the giant centipedes you really have to watch out for. They can take a full sized human if they have the advantage of surprise."
The group continued onward. Stave and Allan had warned the girls earlier about staying on the path. The swamp was filled with sink holes and quick sand which could swallow even the most careful traveller. Just getting lost in the vast swamp would likely lead to death from starvation, or thirst, as the mucky water was unsafe to drink. That assumed the person managed to avoid the other dangers long enough to die of natural causes. Late in the afternoon the ground rose slightly and they found themselves travelling up a gentle incline. For the first time in hours, there was solid ground under foot and steps could be taken without making a squishy sound. To everyone's relief the group soon found themselves at the top of a sandy knoll with a few small trees growing on it. Looking out across the swamp it felt as though they were standing on an island in the middle of a vast ocean of reeds.
As the rest of group sat down at the top of the sandy mound and looked out over the swamp, Stave ran a rope between two of the trees and draped a fine net over. When he was finished, the net formed a tent-like structure.
"What's that for?" asked Laura.
"Shelter for us to sleep under," Stave said. He drove a last peg into the ground and tied off the netting.
"It doesn't look like it will keep much rain off," said Alexandra. She came over to have a better look.
"None at all," laughed Stave as he tested the tautness of the netting. "It's to keep the mosquitos back."
Alexandra poked a finger through one of the holes in the netting.
"I don't think the holes are small enough for that." Alexandra wiggled the finger at Stave. She pulled her finger free and killed a mosquito, which at that very moment was biting her neck.
"I'm afraid we'll have to live with the little ones," Stave said. "They're an irritation, but the tea will keep us safe from the fevers. This is for the big ones that come out at night."
"Just how big are these mosquitos," Alexandra asked, looking again at the sturdy netting.
"About as long as your forearm. You can kill a few of them with your knife or spear, but if a swarm comes?" He didn't bother to finish. It took little in the way of imagination to figure out what a swarm of giant mosquitos would be like.
***
Stave handed out a cold supper and the group gathered around the top of the knoll to talk.
"Tomorrow we'll reach the Dell itself," Allan said. He took out a scrap of tree bark he'd picked up earlier in the day. "I'll draw a rough map to give you an idea about the lay of the land."
Allan pulled out a thin piece of charcoal and began drawing. He drew a rough circle and then lowered the map so that the girls could see what he was doing.
"The Dell is almost perfectly round. Some claim it was formed when a star fell to the earth. I don't know about that, but it certainly is a big hole in the ground. Four rivers flow into the Dell and divide it into four sections." He added the rivers to his map. "The rivers fill a lake at the centre. The water in the lake boils and steams continuously and creates a permanent mist."
Allan paused and drew a symbol in each section on his map.
"This northernmost part is claimed by the Dark Elves," he continued. "This bit to the west is held by the witches. Southwest here is the territory of the Little Folk and to the southeast, the spiders. The trail we're on now will bring us down about here." Allan pointed to the southern edge of the Dell in the territory claimed by the Little Folk.
"Are the Little Folk dangerous?" Laura asked, looking at Allan's map.
"Very, but they aren't aggressive. If we leave them alone, they will likely return the courtesy. The spiders will certainly hunt us for food. The witches can be bargained with, but hopefully we won't see any of them or go anywhere near their village, which is about here." Allan pointed to the western shore of the lake at the centre of his map.
"What about the Dark Elves?" Alexandra asked. "I didn't think any still existed."
"A few survived the Great Purge," Stave assured her, "and they have a deep hatred for our kind. But they never leave their territory, and we'll do what the spiders and the witches do and not trespass there."
Allan glanced at Sophia and then continued, "I expect our spider will be somewhere in the centre of their territory. No one knows exactly where the main nest is. That's where Sophia will come in."
***
After they finished eating dinner, everyone crawled into the tent of netting. It was a little tight with the five of them inside, but the thought of falling asleep exposed to giant mosquitos made it entirely bearable. Allan warned the girls to be careful not to roll too close to the sides in the night.
"Those who are on watch," Allan explained, "must keep an eye on the sleepers to ensure they stay far enough back from the netting so that a mosquito can't reach them."
"How likely is it that any will come?" asked Alexandra.
"It's a certainty," Allan answered. "The only question, is how many?"
"One of the giant mosquitos might not kill a man," Stave told them, "two probably would. Three almost certainly would. Travellers have reported swarms as large as a hundred." He added more cheerily. "Not to worry. This netting has kept me safe on many nights."
"What if something bigger shows up?" asked Alexandra. "Won't we be trapped in here, unable to defend ourselves?"
"Nothing hunts the swamps at night except the mosquitos," Allan said. "At least, not for long."
The first mosquito showed up a short time later. The high pitched whine was heard well in advance of its arrival. In the moonlight Alexandra could see that it was the size of a large hawk. It buzzed all around the shelter, seeking a way to get at those inside. Finally, it settled on the netting.
"Should I stab it with my spear?" Alexandra asked Stave.
"No, it's not worth risking the possibility of damaging the netting."
As the night wore on, more and more mosquitos arrived and ended up clinging to the netting. The girls found it unnerving having dozens of the giant insects looking at them through the thin protective barrier. Any sleep they found that night was fitful. By the last watch, which had fallen to Stave and Sophia, the rest of the party had finally managed to fall asleep. When the first faint glow of daylight appeared on the horizon Stave nudged Sophia gently.
"There may be a bit of excitement now," he told her.
Sophia waited patiently to find out what he was talking about. Soon she could hear buzzing coming toward the campsite from several directions. When it grew a little louder, the mosquitos began to leave the netting and take flight. Moments later the buzzing became like thunder and more than a dozen of the giant dragonflies appeared from all directions. The mosquitos became frantic in their flight and the dragonflies flew swiftly about the traveller's shelter, snatching the mosquitos out of the air. The feeding frenzy was swift and brutal and soon all of the mosquitos had fled or were consumed.
"Quite something isn't it?" Stave asked Sophia. "A pearl diver I once knew described being caught in the middle of a school of fish when a group of sharks began feeding. I've always imagined it was something like that."
"How do you survive here at night without netting?" Sophia asked. She was a little shaken by the whole thing.
"You have to dig. You get a hollow reed from the swamp and you dig yourself a shallow grave. Then you cover yourself in the dirt and breathe through the reed. I did it once and don't recommend it. I fell asleep at one point and breathed in a nose full of dirt. The netting is a lot more pleasant."
As the daylight was beginning in earnest Stave and Sophia woke the others, and after eating and packing up the netting, the group continued north towards the Dell.

Chapter 17 - Into the Dell
The travellers stood at the edge of a massive crater looking into the Dell of Halros. The Dell stretched far into the distance and they couldn't see across to the other side. A fog of steaming vapour hung over the Dell like a wet blanket, but it was thin and the girls could see that the crater below was indeed filled with a tangle of thick green jungle. A path wound down a ramp of collapsed cliff face in front of them, affording entrance into the vast pit. Looking both east and west, no other break in the steep sides was visible.
"Are there any other ways in or out?" Alexandra asked.
"Yes," Allan said, "there's another one like this to the west and a climbable section directly north of us on the other side."
"This is where the trip gets really dangerous," he warned. "We make no noise we can avoid. No talking that isn't necessary and although you probably don't need the warning at this point. Touch nothing."
With that, he hefted his spear and headed down the steep trail.
Alexandra followed him, but Laura and Sophia both stood frozen looking out over the Dell. Stave, who would now take up the rear position on their march, looked to the sisters questioningly.
"Are you two unwell?"
"It's horrible," Laura said. "The whole thing is alive and full of hatred."
"It's full of dark magic too," Sophia added. "I wouldn't have believed so much evil existed in the whole world." She looked like she might throw up.
"It is a terrible place," Stave agreed, "but Allan and I survived it before. We will simply get the job done and then get out again." He forced a reassuring smile and tried to sound encouraging.
First Laura and then Sophia started down the steep trail. Stave followed behind. The brief attempt at cheerfulness slipped from his face.
***
Having made their way to the floor of the Dell the party travelled in absolute silence. While the jungle bore some resemblance to its cousin in the Vale above, the differences were immediately noticeable. It was darker and a heavy oppressive quality lay over the entire place. Every member of the group felt like they were being watched and the feeling was so strong that none of them doubted for a moment that it was actually the case. Flitting movements were seen from the corners of eyes and yet, no sign of anything could be spotted with any amount of searching. Tensions within the group were high by mid-day when Sophia signalled that they needed to stop.
"What's wrong?" Allan asked. His voice was barely more than a whisper.
"The spider is that way," Sophia answered just as quietly. She pointed off to the east.
"It is in their territory then," Allan said. "The trail forks not far from here. The left fork carries on north to the witches and the right fork, I've been told, leads to the spider nest."
"Why would anyone cut a trail leading to a bunch of giant spiders," Alexandra asked.
"They're forced to," Allan said. "Agreements exist between the witches, elves, spiders and the Little Folk. The rough men who keep these trails cut are twisted creatures owned by the witches and are left alone by the others. I'll explain more when we make camp tonight. It's easy to get into the Dell of Halros and much harder to get out again."
Allan turned back to the north and continued along the trail.
***
A short time later, the path did split, and Allan took the right fork without hesitation. The group now travelled in an eastward direction, although no sun was visible above to indicate this. After they had walked a couple more hours in the eerily silent jungle, the sound of rushing water could be heard up ahead. Alexandra noticed that Allan was frequently checking the left side of the path for something. Before she could ask what he was looking for, he cut north off of the trail along a side path. The rest of the group followed and found a small clearing cut out of the jungle. It was obvious that someone had built and regularly maintained the campsite there.
"It appears my information was correct," Allan told the others once they were all in the clearing. "This is a campsite, maintained by the Little Folk, for those who come to see the spiders."
"Why would the Little Folk do such a thing?" asked Laura.
"For payment," Stave answered. He unslung his pack and began to dig through it. He pulled out a small oiled-leather sack and held it up for them to see.
"Is it gold?" asked Alexandra.
"No," Stave shook his head. "The Little Folk have no use for gold. It's full of salt. There's no supply of salt closer than the sea and few traders come to the Vale so it's quite rare here."
"Salt?" Alexandra asked. "That's a strange thing for them to want in payment."
"You can use salt for more than seasoning your food," Stave gestured to Sophia. "Your sister here knows of a few other uses I reckon." 
Sophia nodded.
"Salt has several other uses," she explained. "It's an anathema to creatures of the spirit world, and a reasonable weapon against many magical creatures. Salt is also a necessary ingredient in some spells." She shrugged, "I doubt many of the Little Folk would be comfortable touching it, but I'm sure they have many uses for salt down here." She was shivering despite the heat.
"And so," Stave continued, "we can have as safe a night's sleep here, as is possible, for the cost of a bag of salt."
He walked to the edge of the clearing to a huge stump and placed the bag on top.
"What about the big predators that hunt here at night?" asked Alexandra. "Are you saying that pixies and fairies and sprites will keep them back from us?"
"I wouldn't underestimate any of those creatures," Stave told her. "But no, I imagine others guard this clearing. Some of the Little Folk aren't so little."
Alexandra looked back at the stump and found the bag had already been taken. Stave followed her gaze.
"Our payment has been accepted," he said. "If there's one thing you can say for certain about the Little Folk. They always keep their bargains."
***
Allan gathered wood from around the clearing and managed to light a campfire despite the damp conditions. Although it stayed warm out as evening fell, and no more heat was desired, the light from the fire provided a much needed comfort to the group. Laura had questions she couldn't ask during the day's silent march. As they sat around the fire eating cold sausages and hard bread, she addressed them to Allan.
"What I don't understand," Laura began, "is why anybody would come to see deadly giant spiders in the first place. There can't be so many people looking for exotic poisons that they would come all the way here to just to get them." She looked to Allan and Stave for an answer.
Stave gestured for Allan to explain.
"I didn't know you could take venom from one of the spiders and use it as a poison," Allan said obviously uncomfortable with the topic. "Most people who come here, come for a very different purpose. The Death's Head spiders have the ability to not only take life essence from someone. They're able to give it away. That's how they feed their young as I understand it. People come here to buy life essence from the spiders to extend their own lives."
"The laws of nature dictate that nothing can be created or destroyed," Sophia cut in. "Energy can only be moved from place to place, or changed from one form to another. If the spiders give away their life essence then it would shorten their own lives to the same degree. I find it hard to believe any creature would willingly make such an exchange, especially a spider."
"Like everything else here," Allan said. "It just comes down to paying the price required. The spiders require two lives for the price of extending a third."
"You mean two other people must sacrifice their lives for the third person to live longer?" Laura asked.
"That's exactly what I mean," answered Allan, "they don't typically do so willingly."
"Which is why there's a flesh market in Snakewood," Stave added. "The wealthiest and least scrupulous people of Arros have been making use of the spider's services for hundreds of years. Sometimes, they simply bring a couple of extra guardsmen for a trip to the Dell. Other times, the lives are purchased on route."
"You'd think rumour of this would've reached the kingdoms," said Alexandra.
"The kind of men and women who make use of the spider's services keep a tight lid on the information," Stave said. "It isn't something you'd want your neighbours knowing you've done. They also fear that a group of brave knights might have a go at ending the spiders for good, or that the kingdoms would finally have enough incentive to block the passes into the Vale permanently. As is the case with many such things, when rich and powerful people have an interest in keeping something quiet, it stays quiet."
The three sisters sat looking into the fire in shocked silence.
"Someone should put a stop to it," Alexandra said. She looked determinedly from Allan to Stave. 
"I agree," Stave said, "but it won't be the five of us. There are hundreds of spiders across that river and everyone else in this pit is getting a cut of the profits. We'll have enough to do just saving your father and getting out of here alive."

Chapter 18 - Conspiracy
Kristina and Elaine Hailgard sat sipping tea on the wide stone balcony off of Kristina's bedchamber. The balcony was on the western side of the Sky Keep and provided an excellent view of the town of Lakeside and the western half of the valley. Although unpleasant and unusable for the colder half of the year, the balcony was one of Kristina's favourite places to sit and think when the weather permitted it. As acting ruler, Kristina now met with the Kingdom's spymaster on a weekly basis to hear routine reports and important news. When the less important matters were out of the way, Kristina broached the subject about which she was most concerned.
"Have you found out anything regarding Father's poisoning?" 
"Nothing specific yet," Elaine told her taking a sip of her tea, "but it fits with a trend I've been studying."
"What sort of trend?"
"I have only circumstantial evidence at this point," Elaine conceded, "but something widespread has been going on across Arros for almost twenty years now. I think of it as the 'Shadow Conspiracy'," she chuckled. "Admittedly, it's a rather dramatic name but I believe it's real none the less."
"And how does Father's poisoning fit into this conspiracy?"
"I don't know. I only know that it fits a disturbing pattern. For at least the last twenty years, someone or some group has been attempting to undermine the stability of the Seven Kingdoms and Arandel. What I still have no idea about, is what their long-term goal could be."
Elaine frowned and took another sip of tea.
"What do you base all this on?"
"There are too many small things to tell you about in one sitting. However, just examining the recent history of the leadership of the kingdoms paints a disturbing picture. Your father is the latest on a growing list. Only six years ago, King Alastair and Queen Iliana of Calambria were assassinated."
"I thought the cause of their deaths was unknown," Kristina interrupted.
"That was just the official report. My sources believe they were killed by their own guards. Eight years ago, the entire royal family in Eastlund died of a 'mysterious' illness and a protectorate council of lesser nobles still rules that kingdom today. Ten years ago your mother died in an unfortunate 'accident'."
"But mother's death did nothing to destabilise the Kingdom," Kristina pointed out, "and she died in an avalanche which would be fairly hard to manage on purpose."
"Taken on its own, the Queen's death doesn't seem to fit," agreed Elaine, "and the impact here in the Sky Kingdom was mainly on those of us who loved her." She reached over and gave Kristina's hand a comforting squeeze. "Nonetheless, when you couple it with the disappearance of her brother Gareth the year before_"
"You have a power vacuum in Northern Arandel with no clear successor," Kristina finished. "And then a civil war that tore the island apart."
"Exactly, and the same nobles who now control Eastlund kindly gave the Southern cities the aid they required to win that conflict. Those are the most visible examples, but there are many more that would likely go unnoticed, except by someone with my widespread access to information. Lesser nobles and the heads of powerful trading families have been dying right across Arros, under suspicious circumstances, with improbable frequency."
"So the question is. Who has the most to gain from all of this?" 
"That is the question," agreed Elaine, "and while in individual cases there are obvious winners, overall I can't find any solid connection between them. Of course, there's always political infighting in the kingdoms, but the scope of it over the past two decades has grown out of all proportion."
"None of which gets us any closer to finding the person who poisoned Father."
"No."
***
Kristina sat on a chair set just below the throne in the great hall and tried to ignore the soreness in her backside. Her father had often told her jokingly that the most important talent a ruler required was being able to sit still all day in a big chair. Today she wondered idly if his words had, in fact, been a joke. Once, every two weeks, the King or Queen of the Sky Kingdom listened to petitions from its citizens and made judgements regarding disputes which fell outside of the normal legal channels. Kristina spent a long morning listening to requests for aid from farmers from a remote northern valley who'd suffered losses due to flooding during the spring thaw. The Sky Kingdom wasn't an easy place to grow crops or raise livestock, but the Crown supported local growers in the interest of not becoming entirely dependent on the lowland kingdoms for its food supply. Giving the farmers aid, in the form of food and help from the Corps of Royal Engineers, was the easiest decision Kristina had had to make. Many of the others were far less simple. After a brief reprieve during her noonday meal, Kristina was back in the hard chair and not looking forward to the afternoon ahead of her.
The herald announced the first of the afternoon supplicants. After the citizens of the Kingdom had a chance at being heard, foreign petitions were addressed. The first of these was the head of one of the largest trading families in all Arros. Many of those scheduled to meet with King wished to postpone their meetings until his return. As many more, new applicants, had materialised with the news that Kristina was handling the Kingdom's business. Eliot Maran was a prime example of this annoying phenomenon. The Maran's had far reaching interests, with factors and warehouses in all the kingdoms. Eliot Maran had submitted a proposal two days earlier and now wished to discuss it in person.
"Your Highness," the trader greeted Kristina, bowing low. "I hope you had a chance to look over the contract that House Maran put forward."
Eliot Maran had a cultured accent that had hints of the dialects of all the kingdoms, but could be ascribed to none. Well past middle age, he was lean to the point of being gaunt and was dressed in rich scarlet robes openly displaying his status and success.
"I did indeed browse that document last night," Kristina told the older man amiably. In truth, she had spent long hours reading the many clauses that the contract contained and discussing them with the Chancellor. "I'm afraid the Crown finds it unacceptable in its current form."
"Perhaps, Highness," the trader suggested smoothly, "I can be of help in explaining some aspect of the document. Such contracts are complicated and I would be only more than happy to lend my experience. I am of course, entirely at your service."
"Are you?" Kristina asked.
"Am I what?" Eliot asked. He was clearly confused and his practised smile slipped a little.
"Entirely at my service?"
"Well, it is more a figure of speech," he admitted.
"I see," Kristina said with a nod. She held the older man with her eyes. "Which clauses in particular were you offering to explain? Was it the section that would freeze your toll costs and taxes in the Kingdom for the next fifty years, or the sections that essentially give you a monopoly on all trade in a half dozen lucrative commodities?"
While the Maran's contract appeared to profit the Kingdom under superficial examination, a closer look had revealed much that was less than desirable in the fine print. 
"Your Highness, the proposal offers many benefits to both House Maran and to the Sky Kingdom," the trader continued with less confidence. "Those clauses are merely a surety for House Maran, to offset possible risks."
"Someone less trusting than myself might see this as trying to take advantage of an inexperienced young woman." 
"I assure you, House Maran has nothing but the deepest respect for your Highness." Eliot was now visibly perspiring.
"Oh, I'm not one to take personal offence," Kristina smiled sweetly. "But I would take an attempt to misdeal with the Kingdom very seriously. Even though I am an inexperienced young woman, signing something like this would be as irresponsible as say, closing our borders to a prominent trading house, for a year, in fit of pique," she paused and waited for the trader's response.
Several emotions passed across Eliot's face before he regained control of himself.
"Highness," he said in a conciliatory tone, "Perhaps there has been a clerical error in the drafting of that document. If I might take it back, I'll double check and resubmit it again with any necessary corrections."
"That seems like a good idea," Kristina agreed. "Sometimes misunderstandings can have unfortunate consequences."
***
Kristina and the Chancellor sat in two overstuffed leather chairs in the King's study and discussed all the decisions and judgements she'd made that day.
"I thought his head was going to explode when you suggested banning the Maran trading house from the Kingdom for a year," laughed Hailgard. 
"Well, given what it would cost us in goods and taxes it would probably hurt us almost as much as it would them. Still, it was very satisfying to threaten it. Of course, you can never tell what a volatile and inexperienced young woman might do," Kristina finished with a chuckle of her own.
"Hopefully, it will dissuade others with the same idea and reduce the nuisance petitions," Hailgard said.
"I suppose one can hope."

Chapter 19 - Ruth
Even with the protection of the Little Folk purchased, the travellers maintained their own watch. Several times in the night, the jungle's predators could be heard approaching the clearing. Each time, something else out in the darkness blocked their way. In some cases, it seemed to scare off the unseen creature. In others, brief struggles ensued, inevitably ending with the death wail of a great cat or other unrecognisable beast. None of the party got a very restful sleep that night. In the dim light of dawn they packed up and returned to the main trail.
Not much further along the trail the travellers found the running water they had heard all night in the form of a small, fast moving, river. A crude bridge made from four thick tree trunks lashed together provided the way across.
"This is the border of the spider's territory," Allan told the sisters as they crossed the slippery logs. "If what I've heard is true, there should be a large clearing down this trail where the spiders make their deals."
The party continued eastward for the rest of the morning travelling in absolute silence. The soft jungle floor absorbed their footfalls and no bird or animal could be heard to cry out in the canopy above them. As noon approached, Allan's promised clearing materialised. To everyone's surprise the clearing was already occupied. Two men, an old woman and a young girl were waiting in the centre of the clearing. Both of the men were dressed in clothing that marked them as Gorthmen. The older man, who looked to be about sixty years old, wore the fine clothing of a nobleman or possibly a wealthy merchant. The younger Gorthman was heavily armed and wore a long chainmail shirt and steel helm. He also had traditional warrior's facial tattoos. The old woman and young girl sat despondently on the ground. Both were clothed in little better than rags and were chained wrist and ankle. The men didn't appear pleased at the arrival of the travellers.
"You three stay well back of us," Stave told the girls. They cautiously approached the strangers in the centre of the clearing.
The nobleman called out as they came closer. "You must wait your turn," he said. He had a genteel Gorth accent. "We've already been here a day and a night and I won't have you jumping the line."
His guard rested a hand on the pommel of his sword and looked at Allan and Stave with distrust.
"It was my understanding that a spider is always waiting here for visitors," Allan said, looking about the clearing.
"I've never had to wait before," agreed the man. He appeared to accept Allan as one of his own kind. "Those bloody witches said that the spiders had been acting strangely, but really. Why, I've even brought top shelf merchandise." 
Allan made a show of looking over the old woman and the young girl. He raised an eyebrow quizzically.
"I don't know," he said. "One looks worn out and the other is quite small."
"Quality over quantity," the nobleman said. "The old one is a sorceress, of the Conclave no less, and the girl is of royal lineage."
"I think you may have been taken," said Allan, smiling at the nobleman. "All I see is a worn out old woman and a bit of street scum. I hope you got a good deal on them."
Irritated, the nobleman walked over to the old woman, grabbed her by the chin and forced her to look up at Allan. The woman looked tired and abused, but in no way broken. Her violet eyes looked into Allan's own.
"The witch who sold me these," the nobleman continued, "swore as to their authenticity. You know witches can't break an oath. I made sure it was very specific. I'm not saying the girl isn't illegitimate, but that only matters for inheriting. Not for my purposes," he laughed as though he'd told a funny joke.
Laura moved up to stand between Stave and Allan.
"Hello, Prince Duncan," she said to the self-satisfied nobleman.
Prince Duncan seemed appeared concerned at being recognised.
"Do I know you girl?" he asked. He examined Laura closely.
"I was a lot younger the last time I saw you," Laura said. "I believe you were negotiating a trade agreement for timber with my father. You told me I could be a princess of the Little Folk as I recall."
"Ah, Princess Laura," Prince Duncan was now obviously very displeased. He took his first real look at the other girls. "Princesses Alexandra and Sophia as well, unless I'm mistaken." His eyes darted to his man at arms.
"I wonder what your nephew would think of this?" asked Laura. Prince Duncan was the uncle of the current King of Gorth.
"Princess Laura, that is something we'll just never know."
Prince Duncan drew his sword as he spoke and swung it at Allan in the same motion. Allan deflected the blow with the shaft of his spear and pushed Laura back with his other hand. Then Allan spun swiftly to the side as Prince Duncan attempted a thrust to his midsection and made a quick jab with his spear. The head of Allan's spear drove deep into the older man's chest. Prince Duncan spat out a mouthful of his own blood. The Prince staggered back from Allan and with a malicious grin he drove his blade into the side of the old woman as he fell. 
"Good work, hero," was the last thing he said before he died.
The arms-man had moved quickly back and now held the young girl with his sword to her throat. He looked around at the party nervously.
"I'm going to take this girl as a bit of insurance," he told the group, holding her in front of him as a shield. "We're gonna go now." He edged around the clearing towards the trail that had brought them there.
"Leave her and you can go free," Stave said, hefting his axe.
"I don't think so," the man said. He moved his sword a little and blood ran from a small cut in the girl's throat. Strangely, she didn't cry out at her injury. "You're gonna do exactly as I_" The arms-man cut off as an arrow seemed to bloom like a maroon and black flower in his right eye. He fell to the ground instantly dead. Alexandra lowered her bow. Her hands were shaking uncontrollably.
***
Allan had bandaged the young girl's throat, but she hadn't responded to any of his gentle questions. Sophia and Laura attempted to make the wounded sorceress as comfortable as they could.
"Is there anything we can get for you?" Sophia asked the older woman.
"No child," the woman replied, "I'm afraid I've only a short time left now."
"Don't say that," said Laura, "you have to fight."
"I saw the look in the big Arandish man's eyes when he examined my wound," the older woman continued. "That one has seen his share of battle wounds I'm sure. I know what that look means. Better this than feeding some foul spider."
"How did you get here?" asked Sophia.
"That's a long story," the woman said, "so I'll make it short. I'd always wanted to study the creatures of the Vale and more specifically those down here in the Dell. This is the last refuge for many magical beings that once walked freely across all of Arros. Much of our knowledge of the Little Folk, for example, is only hearsay now. I came here to learn about them first hand. I'm afraid, with my notes lost to those witches; it's all been for nothing."
"If you tell me as much as you can, I'll carry the knowledge back to the Conclave," offered Sophia.
"I don't have the time for that," the old sorceress said. "Still, I may at least be able to repay you for trying to rescue me. I've learned things about the spiders over this last year. They may be of use to you. Why did you come here?"
"Someone has been poisoned with spider venom," Sophia told her. "We're here to kill the spider and release its hold on the victim."
"Oh, child," the sorceress said with genuine sympathy, "no one could have survived as long as it must have taken you to get here from the Sky Kingdom."
"He's being kept alive with a spell," Sophia said. "The spider can't drain his essence until the spell is ended." 
The old sorceress inspected Sophia.
"Old Drake is always bragging about his new apprentice," she laughed, surprising both Sophia and Laura. "Are you the one who cast that spell two weeks ago?"
"I am."
"That old bugger will be insufferable now," the sorceress smiled despite her obvious pain. "At least, I won't have to see it."
She lay back again.
"I'll try to tell you the things that will be of most use," she promised. "First you can't just kill the spider. It will already have drained away a good deal of life essence. If you kill it now, with the victim in stasis, that life essence will return to the universe. So, you'll need to capture the spider, and hold it, until the spell is reversed, then force it to return the essence to its victim." She saw the distress on the girl's faces. "I realise that will be a lot harder than just killing it. But otherwise, the victim will likely be much older and closer to death than they were before."
"Second, you must understand that there are different classes of Death's Head spiders. That awful man, Duncan, wasn't wrong about the importance of the quality of the spider's victims. They are, very much, what they eat. The spiders can feed on any life, but they only gain sentience when they feed on intelligent life. The most powerful and dangerous spiders are the ones who have gotten the life essence of someone like us," she looked pointedly to Sophia. "Those spiders gain not only intellect, but magical abilities as well. Once every generation, the witches give one of their own to the spiders in exchange for other concessions. The resulting spider-mage always rules the rest of them. If one of you is bitten, it's essential you immediately kill the spider. Otherwise, it will run off, and finish you from a safe distance."
"How do we kill the spiders?" asked Sophia.
"Like the little ones," answered the sorceress. "In spite of their unique abilities, they die like any other bug. I'm afraid that's all I know of them that might help."
"Do you know anything about that little girl," Laura asked.
"Not much," replied the sorceress her voice growing weaker. "The witches had her as their prisoner before they captured me a few months back. She's never said a word in my presence. I'm not sure if she's truly mute or too traumatised to speak. Tell old Drake that Ruth will wait for him on the other side."
With those final words Ruth closed her eyes and passed quietly into death.
***
Stave and Allan dragged the bodies of the two Gorthmen a short way into the jungle. Ruth's body was moved with more care, but without the tools to bury her or enough dry wood for a pyre, they were forced to simply cover her in Prince Duncan's cloak. Laura, Sophia and the silent young girl ate a quiet lunch while Alexandra stood alone, staring blankly into the jungle. Allan and Stave shared a knowing look.
"Why don't I go talk to her," suggested Stave. "Keep an eye on the rest and have something to eat."
"Are you sure?" Allan asked worriedly.
"Yes, I've had this talk a few times."
Stave walked over to stand beside Alexandra. For a while, he kept her company.
"It's a hard thing," he said finally.
"Yes," Alexandra replied without looking away from the jungle.
"It was the right choice," Stave said. "That little girl would be dead for sure if you hadn't stopped him."
"I know. I guess I thought it would be more like killing a bear or a mountain lion."
"It isn't."
"No," agreed Alexandra. "How do you get used to it?"
"You don't," Stave answered, setting his hand on her shoulder. "On the day you've gotten used to it, you're no longer you anymore. There are people who make a choice, to defend those who can't defend themselves. Others, like those two," he gestured towards the jungle where the men's bodies lay, "give up their right to live when they take another's. Killing has to be the last option you take, but sometimes it's the only one you're left with. You should have something to eat before we push on," he gently steered Alexandra towards the others, "and have a look at the little girl who's alive because of you. Sometimes, that's what you have to hold on to.

Chapter 20 - Spiders
"People rarely travel past here," Allan said, looking about the clearing, "at least not willingly. Those who have haven't returned to tell any tales. We must cut our own path now. Sophia will lead us from here."
"It's close," Sophia said. She pointed northeast. "I can sense the spider much more strongly now. I can't be certain, but based on the strength of the connection, I'd guess it's less than a quarter as far away as we walked this morning."
"That will still mean hours of hard travel through this jungle," Stave said. "We'll have to bring the little girl with us too. We can't leave her here."
"All right then, Sophia is up front with me," Allan told the group. "Then Alex, Laura, our new friend and Stave. No talking, and periodically check above in the trees for spiders." He looked to Alexandra, "Anything in the trees is yours."
The group followed Allan and Sophia from the clearing and for the first time they travelled the dark jungle without a path to follow. The going was slow and tensions were high as they expected to find themselves surrounded at any moment. Strangely, there were no spiders to be seen. After more than an hour and half of hard travel through the undergrowth, the ground suddenly rose up steeply in front of them. Sophia tugged on Allan's sleeve and indicated that she needed to tell him something. The rest of the group caught up, and they huddled together to make as little noise as possible.
"It's right ahead of us," Sophia said in a whisper. She pointed past the berm in front of them. "I think it must be just over this little hill."
"It's not alone," Laura whispered as soon as Sophia had finished. "There are a lot of them over there, all gathered together. They aren't like normal animals." She wore a queasy expression, "I can feel their hatred and hunger from here."
"Can you tell how many?" Allan asked.
"No, it doesn't work like that," answered Laura, "but I'd guess over fifty."
"That's a lot," Stave said. "One of us needs to scout ahead and access the situation."
"I'm the logical choice," whispered Alexandra.
Her eyes challenged Stave or Allan to disagree. Neither did, and the rest of the group settled to the ground quietly as Alexandra moved forward alone. When she neared the crest of the berm she dropped onto her stomach to lower her profile and slithered up the last few feet. Cautiously, she raised her head above the crest and had a look. What she saw took her breath away.
Below her lay a bare circular hollow, a hundred paces in diameter. Huge spiders filled the hollow. They moved around in an endless circular procession. At the centre of the hollow, the object that held the spider's attention glowed softly silver in the dim light of the jungle. Alexandra studied the glowing object and saw it was another of the spiders. Its legs were curled up tight up against its body and it was wrapped in glowing cocoon of light. Alexandra made a rough count of the spiders and then slowly moved back to her companions. The group reformed their earlier huddle to hear Alexandra's news.
"I count seventy spiders, give or take," Alexandra told the others "They're circling another spider that appears to be encased in the same magic shell as Father. It's like they're worshiping it or something."
"The spell must have somehow travelled back down the connection between Father and the Spider," Sophia said. "It couldn't be killed now if even if we still wanted to. We're going to have to steal it."
"We'll need a distraction," Alexandra said. "There's no way we can fight all of those spiders. One of us will have to draw them away and give them something to chase."
It was obvious to the others she referred to herself.
"You're not going to go running off on your own with seventy odd spiders in tow," Allan said. "You don't know enough about this place to separate from the rest of us. It's too dangerous. It takes experience and time to learn how to keep your sense of direction down here."
"The plan isn't entirely without merit," Stave objected, "we could split up into two groups. The first group to draw the spiders away and the second group to kidnap the one we came for. Alexandra and I can be the distraction."
"I'll come with you," Laura told Stave. "I can feel the spider's presence, at least a little distance away. You'll need that to escape them or know if they're moving to surround you." Both Stave and Alexandra objected to this idea, but neither could argue with Laura's logic.
"That means you to carry the spider, and Sophia to watch your back and to keep an eye on our young friend here," Stave whispered to Allan. "We aim to meet back at the clearing."
"Fine," Allan agreed, "but the first one there only waits a half hour, then leaves a sign, and heads back to the campsite across the river. This seems like a reckless plan."
"Perhaps it is," Stave said, "but it would appear that most of the local spiders are gathered right here. If we come back later, they could be anywhere."
Stave took a few minutes to empty his large backpack. He and Allan transferred the supplies they deemed most necessary into Allan's smaller pack which Stave then hoisted onto his own back. Allan picked up Stave's empty pack.
"Give us five minutes before you move in," Stave told Allan, shaking his hand. "Good Luck," the big man turned to Laura and Alexandra, "We stay close together. Nobody separates from the group. Clear?" He looked hard at each of the girls until they agreed.
Stave moved off to west, staying below the crest of the berm, with Alexandra and Laura following.
Allan turned to the nameless little girl. "You stay here when we go in, and we'll come back this way and pick you up again," he told her trying to sound both confidant and reassuring. The little girl shook her head. Her eyes were wide with fear. Allan considered for a moment, "OK, you stick with us, but if I say run, you run."
***
Allan, Sophia and the little girl had moved up to the edge of the hollow to the same spot Alexandra had used to observe the spiders. Although they had only been waiting a matter of minutes for the others to create a diversion, it felt like much longer. Below them the spiders continued their strange spiral dance. Sophia took the opportunity to study them. The spiders were covered in spikey green hair so dark that a casual observer might have mistaken it for black. Each had a gray mark on the centre of its back which bore a striking resemblance to a human skull. The spiders came in all different sizes. Some were as small as a house cat and a few were so large they could have looked Sophia in the eye. The vast majority of the spiders were somewhere in the between these extremes, and most were about the size of a large dog or wolf. No wolf had ever seemed so deadly.
A shout came from the west side of the hollow. It was followed by three arrows fired in quick succession from the jungle. Each of the arrows found a mark and one spider dropped dead in its tracks while two others thrashed about in anger or pain. The previously silent spiders let out a series of hisses and clicking noises, and on mass, charged off westward into jungle. Only the dead spider and the two wounded ones remained.
"Wait here," Allan told the girls. "I'll wave if the coast is clear."
Allan pushed up off of the ground and moved swiftly, but cautiously towards the nearest injured spider. The spider seemed to take no note of his approach and he dispatched it with a quick thrust of his spear. The last remaining spider turned to face Allan from halfway across the hollow. Despite a deeply buried arrow in its midsection the spider appeared to be entirely mobile and scuttled towards Allan rather than retreating. The spider leapt at Allan covering the last dozen paces easily and would have knocked him to the ground had he not been expecting the attack. As soon as the large spider left the ground Allan swiftly knelt on one knee and set the butt of his spear in the ground. The spider's own weight impaled it upon Allan's spear. Allan pulled the spear free and stabbed the third spider as a precaution before waving Sophia and the little girl into the hollow. Together the three approached the glowing spider at the centre of the clearing.
"Will we be able to move it?" Allan asked Sophia looking down at the glowing arachnid.
"We should be able to," she replied. "Princess Eleanor was moved several times during her thousand year 'sleep'."
"I guess I'm lucky it isn't one of the big ones," Allan said as he arranged Staves empty pack next to the spider. "Or that its legs aren't splayed out."
Moving the spider turned out to be an easy task. The magical shell was quite slippery and Allan was able to slide the spider into the mouth of the pack while Sophia held it open. That accomplished, Allan fastened the pack closed as best he could and squatted down. With a mighty heave he pulled the pack up onto his back.
"Is it heavy?" Sophia asked.
"Maybe eighty pounds," Allan replied adjusting the pack straps, "the lumpiness is worse than the weight," he finished with a smile.
"We should get out of here," Sophia said, looking around.
"We'll follow our own trail back to the clearing," Allan said. "It looks like we may have gotten the easy part."
***
Stave, Alexandra and Laura were drenched in sweat. After Alexandra had feathered the three spiders in the hollow they had run westward through the jungle at what could only be considered a reckless pace. Periodically, Alexandra turned back, firing arrows at the pursuing spiders. She'd been remarkably successful, given the conditions she was shooting under. But after the first hour, her quiver was empty. Her archery, while probably only stopping a dozen or so of the spiders, taught the others caution. This allowed the three humans to stay ahead of them. Several times in the chase, spiders had attempted to circle ahead and cut off their escape. Laura's nature sense had saved them as she pointed out the locations of spiders lying in wait. Staves big axe had made short work of them, and except for some minor cuts and scrapes, the three had avoided serious injury. Stave turned their course southward as they ran, and impressively, they reached their destination with no undue searching.

Chapter 21 - The Foe Cleaver
"We need to get to the centre of the clearing and fight from there," Stave told Alexandra urgently. "Otherwise, they'll be able to drop on us from above."
The three backed into the clearing, followed closely by the spiders. The spiders, apparently in no hurry, surrounded them and blocked all possible escape. Stave hefted his axe and stepped forward.
"Alex," he said, not taking his eyes off of the spiders, "stay in the centre and protect Laura. You'll have to get any that make it by me."
He glanced back to see Alexandra raise her spear in salute. Then Stave raised his great axe and gave a mighty battle cry. The runes inscribed on the axe glowed red as Stave charged the nearest of the spiders. For the first moments of the battle, princesses and spiders alike watched frozen, in stunned awe, at the raging giant Stave had become. Stave slew the closest three spiders without slowing. His axe cut through their hard carapaces effortlessly and foul green gore flew in every direction. Despite the terrible damage Stave had wrought, the spiders were still confident in their superior numbers and continued coming. 
Stave moved around the clearing like a mad man and killed every spider that came within reach. However, periodically one would make it past him. Alexandra killed the first spider, thrusting her spear into its open maw when it leapt towards her. As she used her boot to free the spear, she heard Laura scream behind her. Laura had been knocked to the ground and was attempting to fend off another spider. With a leap, Alexandra brought her spear down through the centre of the spider's back and pushed it in until the monster stopped moving. Laura wriggled back out from underneath the spider, regaining her feet. 
"Alex down," screamed Stave from across the clearing. Alexandra dropped flat and felt the wind from his axe as it whirled through the space she had just occupied. She looked behind her and saw a leaping spider almost torn in two by the axe. Stave raced by and retrieved his weapon. He looked around for a moment and then helped Alexandra to her feet.
"They seem to be backing off for a moment to regroup," Stave said. "I expect they'll be back soon for another try. Are either of you hurt?" He asked looking them over.
"I'm alright," said Laura. She wrapped a bandage around her arm. "It's just a bad scratch."
"I'm fine," added Alexandra, looking at Stave. She squinted down at his right leg in the dim light. "Are those thorns in your leg?" she asked pointing at three long, ugly looking, black thorns protruding from Stave's thigh.
"That's not good," Stave said. He collapsed to the ground.
The girls rushed to his side. Alexandra pulled the thorns free and threw them away.
"The spiders will be back soon," Stave said urgently, "so listen carefully. Those were Adderthorns." He looked around the clearing. "Over there," he pointed to a bush with shiny purple leaves surrounded by dead spiders. "I must have brushed up against it in the fight."
"Are they lethal?" asked Alexandra.
"No," Stave replied, "but my legs are already numb and in a few more minutes they'll be entirely paralysed. It will last a couple of hours at least. You two need to leave me. I'm a big meal, and maybe enough distraction for you to escape."
"That's not going to happen," Alexandra said.
"We're staying to protect you," Laura agreed. "That's what family does."
Alexandra looked at her questioningly.
"Do you want to explain or shall I?" Laura asked Stave.
"You see too much," Stave grumbled, "just like your mother. You might as well tell it while we still have time."
"I've had suspicions ever since we first met," Laura told Alexandra, "and when the runes on his axe glowed red, I knew for sure. That axe isn't like the Foe Cleaver. It's the genuine article, and the only people who can wield the Great Reaver's axe are his direct decedents. The last decedents of the Great Reaver were Mother and her older brother Gareth."
"Gareth Ironhelm has been dead these last twelve years and he must stay that way," Stave said. "Is that clear?" 
"If that's what you want, Uncle Gareth," Laura said with a smile and kissed him on the cheek.
"So this really is a magic axe?" Alexandra asked looking at the grim weapon.
"It is," replied Stave. "That axe can cut through steel armour like paper and it makes you very, very strong. It releases a boundless rage from within and will let its wielder fight on even if horribly injured. If I hadn't thrown it, the thorns wouldn't have affected me until I set it down."
"According to the stories that has its downside too," Laura added.
"Oh, yes" agreed Stave, "many of its wielders have fallen dead after winning a battle. Some of those who held it too long went mad from the bloodlust. Magic always has a price," he finished with a shrug. After a moment Stave went on. "Family or not, you've got to go. You can't hold the clearing. All you will accomplish by staying is dying here with me. At least if you run, my death might buy you time."
Alexandra had been studying the Foe Cleaver while Stave spoke. She looked up at Laura with an expression her sisters had seen so many times they'd given it a name? "Alex has a plan".
"What are you thinking?" Laura asked with trepidation.
"Aren't we also direct decedents of the Great Reaver?" Alexandra asked as she picked up the huge axe.
***
Just as Stave had predicted, the spiders returned within the hour and more had arrived from deep in the jungle to swell their ranks. As dozens of the spiders approached, Alexandra had stepped forward fearlessly, axe in hand. Laura had taken up Alexandra's spear to stand guard over the now immobile Stave in the centre of the clearing. Within the first few minutes of the spider's attack, it became obvious that Laura's limited fighting skills would not be needed. A few minutes after that Laura stood relaxed, leaning on the spear, and talking with her newly found uncle as though the two were watching a sporting event.
"It's somehow both terrible and beautiful," Laura said to Stave, watching Alexandra move about the edge of the clearing. "Like a deadly dance."
"Yes," agreed Stave, craning his head for a better look, "it's as if one of the fabled shield maidens out the old stories just jumped from the prow of a longship and into our midst."
As he said this, Alexandra killed two spiders with one long sweeping stroke and leapt to crush the head of a third with the butt the axe handle.
"I saw my father, your grandfather, wield the Foe Cleaver once as a boy," Stave mused, "and he was quite fearsome. He was a big bear of a man like me, but it was nothing like this. Alexandra has such natural speed and grace, and I'd guess a lot of fencing practice?"
"Oh, yes," Laura said. She was watching the fray in rapt fascination. "Alex started harassing our arms master for lessons as soon as she could swing a stick."
The combination of the strength imparted by the magic of the axe, and Alexandra's speed and training proved more than enough to hold back the spider's assault. Unlike Stave, Alexandra bellowed no battle cries. The only sounds to be heard were the hissing of the enraged spiders, the whir of the axe head as it flew through the air and sickening crunch of the spider's carapaces as they died. When more than half their number lay dead about the clearing the spiders began to flee. First, a few at the outer edges slunk away. This was followed by a mass retreat when their companions realised they were being abandoned. Alexandra made as if to follow the fleeing spiders into the jungle.
"Alex, come back," yelled Laura when Alexandra took a step out of the clearing.
Alexandra stood still and after a brief hesitation turned back toward her sister. She was covered head to toe in the nasty green gore that made up the spider's insides. Her face wore an enraged expression.
"There are still some left," Alexandra explained angrily. "I have to kill the rest of them too."
"That's the axe talking," Stave whispered to Laura "you'll have to talk her down. Very. Carefully."
"They're gone Alex," Laura said. She walked across the clearing to Alexandra. "We need you here. You need to set the Foe Cleaver down now. The fight is over."
Alexandra stood silent for long time, axe at her side, now fighting an internal battle. Finally, a spasm passed across her face and she let the axe fall. Alexandra sunk exhausted to the ground next to it. 
"I think I could sleep for a week," Alexandra said panting, on hands and knees. "Oh, and I hurt too."
***
Darkness had fallen by the time Stave regained the use of his legs. The three exhausted companions were forced to spend the night sitting back-to-back in the clearing without the comfort of a proper dinner or a fire. After a night that seemed to last forever, they slowly got to their feet with the first haze of morning light. Stave spent a time looking around the clearing. Finally, he threw up his hands in defeat.
"I can't tell if Allan left a sign or not," he looked to Alexandra. "You see anything?" 
"No," Alexandra said. "If any sign was here we've trampled it a dozen times over at this point. What do you want to do?"
"I think we head back to the campsite," Stave said. "We'll just have to hope for now. If they aren't there, we'll come back and search." He didn't look very happy at the prospect.
The three headed back towards the territory of the Little Folk. This time Alexandra took the lead. Once they were back on the trail she checked the ground carefully. She stopped abruptly and grinned back at Stave.
"Sign?" he asked hopefully.
"Three people walked this way yesterday," Alexandra said with a grin. "A man of medium build, carrying a heavy burden, a smaller person likely a woman, and a child with bare feet."
Stave and Laura returned her grin, and the three pushed forward with lighter hearts.
***
By midmorning a joyful reunion was taking place at the campsite of the Little Folk. Laura recounted their adventures of the previous day and introduced a surprised Sophia to her uncle. Allan, who'd been privy to Staves secret for the last year, was unsurprised. He was amazed by the tale of Alexandra's prowess in battle. 
"We didn't see a single spider on the way back," Allan told them when it was his turn. "I left our usual sign in the clearing and we continued back here. If you've had enough of a break, we should get moving now. We can just make it out of the Dell by sundown."
Everyone was exhausted, and no one moved at Allan's suggestion.
"Will the spiders cross the river?" Laura asked. "Would we be safe staying another night here?" Her weariness was obvious in her voice.
"Normally I'd say the spiders wouldn't trespass on Little Folk territory," Allan answered. "Even if they did, the agreement bound to this campsite would probably protect us." He paused meaningfully and pointed to Staves big, spider filled, pack. "But we may have just stolen their deity, and we used the last bag of salt last night."
"That settles it for me," Stave said, and with new urgency he pushed himself up onto his feet. "Let's get out of here."

Chapter 22 - Sophia's Choice
Every member of the small party was exhausted by the time they made camp just beyond the upper rim of the Dell of Halros. The campsite afforded no cover, but they were too tired to seek a better one. For the first time since the travellers had entered the Vale, the sky was entirely clear and bright stars filled the heavens above. They gathered around a campfire, nursing the many cuts and bruises that the previous days had produced. The indomitable Stave simply handed out hard cheese, bread and apples for a cold supper. In the middle of eating their frugal meal, Alexandra, Laura, Stave, and the mute girl fell into a deep sleep and slumped over where they sat.
"Allan," Sophia hissed, "we're in trouble."
Allan looked up sleepily from across the camp fire.
"Don't worry, Princess," he began with deep weariness in his voice. Then seeing the concern on Sophia's face he continued more alertly, "What is it? What's wrong?"
Sophia pointed to the others. "This isn't a natural sleep," she said. "Someone has cast a spell on us."
"Why aren't we asleep?" asked Allan.
"You are awake because I want you to be," said a voice from the darkness. "And your Little Princess is still awake because of what she is," Mariven finished angrily, walking into the circle of firelight.
Allan and Sophia found themselves unable to move as if bound by invisible ropes. Mariven walked over to Allan. 
"I could have made you happy," Mariven said coldly, looking down at him. "I would have loved you like your drab little princess never could."
"You don't know what love is," Allen said.
"Maybe not," admitted Mariven, "but I do know about ownership, Allan. And you belong to me." She knelt down in front of him and drew a curved, evil looking dagger from her belt. "My mother taught me that some things should be done with the magic," she held up the dagger in front of his face, "and other things should be done by hand."
Mariven finished by driving the dagger into the centre of Allan's chest. Blood pumped in a horrifying torrent from the wound.
"No!" screamed Sophia from across the campfire.
"Don't worry, Little Princess," Mariven said, not looking away from Allan's face, "I have plans for you too." She smiled at Sophia, "I plan on making use of you for a very long time. You're just brimming with all that magic and you have no idea what to do with it. You're like a reservoir of great depth and I'm going to enjoy draining you dry," Mariven chuckled cruelly. With a wave of her hand she released the bonds that held Allan and he fell limply on his side unmoving and unbreathing. "Now, I release you from your oath my foolish Knight," Mariven said. She bent down to retrieve her dagger from Allan's chest.
Sophia stared, through tear filled eyes, at Allan's still form. His lifeblood leaked into the earth in a slow trickle, and she knew that he was gone. A damn burst inside of Sophia. In studying the magical arts, Sophia had spent years learning to control and suppress every strong emotion. At the sight of Allan lying dead at Marivens's feet, all the passion she'd spent so long fighting to control washed away her restraint in a heartbeat. Sophia's own sisters wouldn't have recognised the face that looked up at Mariven.
"No," said Sophia, her voice shaking with rage. Mariven looked up from cleaning Allan's blood from her dagger.
"I don't require your agreement Little Prin_ ," Mariven cut short seeing the look on Sophia's face.
"No," said Sophia again. In the depths of her rage she found a strange clarity. "NO," she screamed gathering her will. Sophia drew in her power, not in the slow, calm, organised way she had learned from Master Drake, but rather, in a mighty rush. A small analytical part of her mind was staggered at just how much power she was holding, but she wasted no time on such concerns. With an almost casual distain she negated the spell that held her bound and stood up.
"That's not possible," Mariven choked. "No one could hold so much." 
Sophia absently noted that the campsite was lit bright with silver light. Somewhere in the back of her mind she realised she was the source of the illumination. At the moment, the part of her mind that usually ran things was only a bit of background noise. Another part of Sophia's mind, which had been fighting to get out for a very long time, was now fully in control. With the magic had come a thousand new senses. It felt as though Sophia could touch and hear and taste all of existence. Mariven raised a hand and Sophia felt the witch gather her own power. Green flames shot from Mariven's hand and engulfed Sophia.
"No," Sophia said. She extinguished the flames with little more than an absent thought. Sophia raised her own hand, and with flick of her wrist, threw Mariven, stunned, to the ground. She walked around the campfire and knelt beside Allan's body, placing her hand on his wounded chest.
"No," Sophia said a final time. Acting on instinct alone, Sophia infused Allan with her power. She closed up the wound and repaired his injuries.
"You can't bring him back with any amount of your magic," laughed Mariven hoarsely. She still lay unmoving on the other side of Allan's body.
"That's true," Sophia said, "but I've learned a lot recently from studying spiders."
She left one hand on Allan's chest and grabbed hold of Mariven's bare ankle with the other. The witch screamed wildly for a few seconds before passing out.

Chapter 23 - Master Drake
As the sun was setting that evening, a lone rider arrived at the gates of the Sky Keep. The rider was an older man with white hair and a close cropped beard. He was covered in dust from the road and his horse had been ridden to exhaustion. Master Drake, sorcerer of the Conclave and advisor to King Alain had returned. The guards at the gate hesitated only a moment before recognising the old sorcerer and granting him entrance. A stable boy in the courtyard took his horse, and he instructed the boy to take his baggage to his rooms. As Master Drake reached the huge front doors of the keep, he was greeted by an old friend.
"Hailgard," Master Drake said, shaking the chancellor's hand. "I hope you haven't been waiting at the door every night for my return. I've missed you too, but I'd hate to think my absence has driven you to this." He flashed a tight grin.
"I hadn't actually noticed you were gone until yesterday," Hailgard grinned back. The grin slipped from his face, "We need to talk. Many things have occurred in your absence."
"Yes, I'd surmised as much. Hence my early and exhausting return."
The two men entered the keep together as Hailgard quietly told him of the events of the past weeks.
***
An hour after sunset, Kristina, Catherine, Julia, Hailgard and Master Drake gathered in the King's bedchamber. The King still lay unchanged and entombed in the centre of the room. Master Drake completed an exhaustive study of the King's condition. 
"You seem to have gotten the spell right," he said to Catherine "Everything appears stable and correct."
"I checked it three times," replied Catherine, "but it was very complicated."
"It was an incredible risk to take," Master Drake said. "Sophia has vast potential, but I doubt there are three members in the whole of the Conclave who would dare such a thing."
"Our father was dying," interrupted Kristina. "Wouldn't you have taken the risk if you'd been here?"
"I'm not sure I would," answered Master Drake. The others looked at him surprised and Kristina opened her mouth to speak. Master Drake held up his hand to forestall her. "Please, hear me out, Princess," he continued. "To begin with, I'm not sure that such a fantastic solution would have occurred to me. That spell, as far as I know, was cast only one other time. That was over two thousand years ago by the most powerful sorcerer who has ever lived. Next, there's no small amount of doubt as to the authenticity of the spell book Catherine used. Although, I'll grant you, it seems to have worked. Finally, every person who has ever cast one of the 'Five Great Spells', has come to a dark end. Such precedents are not to be taken lightly."
"Do you think we did the wrong thing?" asked Catherine.
"Your brilliance and Princess Sophia's bravery have been proven beyond question, by the result alone," he gestured to the King. "What remain unknown are the greater consequences that will most certainly follow."
"Sophia said she felt changed afterword," Catherine said. "And some of her hair was turned to silver."
"Hailgard informed me of this, Princess. The ultimate danger from magic is that it can change who you are. The members of the Conclave set most of their rules to avoid just that. Our slow complex preparations protect the caster by channelling the magic through the spell rather than the sorcerer, or sorceress, themselves. This keeps the magic itself from taking control. A physical manifestation, such as a change in hair colour, is likely just a small external sign of a far more serious internal change." 
"Will Sophie be OK?" Julia asked.
"I hope so, Princess. I'm afraid with some things you have to wait and see. Perhaps, she has merely overreached her abilities a little and the effects will pass."
Even as Master Drake finished speaking, the glowing nimbus surrounding the King flared blindingly bright and everyone in the room was forced to shield their eyes. The flash only lasted a few seconds. When the girls and Hailgard lowered their hands, they found Master Drake lying prone on the floor. He raised his head, an expression of dread on his pale face. Hailgard and Kristina moved quickly to help him to his feet.
"What was that," asked Kristina when Master Drake had seemed to have recovered.
"A spell," he answered. "An impossibly powerful spell, cast somewhere far to the north of us. I must do a few calculations to pinpoint the location more accurately."
"If it caused a backlash here," Catherine began, recalling what she'd read in Master Drake's books about magic. "Does that mean Sophie cast the spell?"
"I'm afraid so."
Catherine considered all she knew of magic.
"What kind of spell could cause a backlash from so far away?"
"None I know of," Master Drake admitted. He looked at Catherine and she was shocked to see fear in his eyes. "I think that Sophia may have just cast the Sixth Great Spell!"

Chapter 24 - The Sixth Great Spell
Allan woke as if clawing his way out of a long deep sleep. A variety of strange sensations came over him as he realised that he was lying on his back, in a field, under a starry sky. His shirt was half off, and strangest of all someone was sprawled on top of him weeping. He raised his head saw that the weeper was Sophia and that inexplicably her hair was now entirely silver. Across the campfire he could see that their other companions were still fast asleep.
"Sophie, what happened?" Allan asked.
Sophia's head shot up, and in other circumstances, Allan would have found the look of surprise on her face to be comical. Adding to the surreal quality of the whole experience, Allan found himself being thoroughly kissed. Coherent thought became impossible for the next few minutes. Eventually, through some unspoken agreement, the kissing ended. Sophia made no move to get off of Allan and the two stared at each other nose-to-nose.
"I love you, Allan," Sophia said, "and not like an older brother, either."
"You know I love you. But what's changed? How can we be together?"
"Everything has changed. I don't think that not being together will be an option for us, ever again."
"What does that mean?" 
"I don't understand everything," began Sophia, breaking eye contact and focusing on the tip of Allan's nose. "For a time I seemed to. Now I can only remember pieces."
She paused, hesitant to go on.
"Tell me what you know, Sophie," Allan prompted, "and we'll go from there."
"Well, you were dead," Sophia stopped again and rapidly blinked her eyes. Allan felt her warm teardrops land on his cheeks.
"All of the way dead? Or, nearly dead?"
"All of the way dead. When I realised you were gone, it hit me. I would never be able to tell you. Never be able to talk to you or see you again. I worked so hard to put away my love for you and then in an instant it was loose. A lot of other things came out with it," Sophia hesitated yet again and Allan smiled his encouragement for her to continue. "Everything I've been taught says that what I did was impossible, but it was like some other me took over and did what was necessary to get you back. For a time, I knew everything. Now, it's all gone again."
"But how did you do it?" Allan asked. He wasn't entirely sure he wanted to know.
"I don't remember exactly how," Sophia explained, "but I repaired your heart, put life essence back into you, and I called you back."
"You gave me your life essence like the one of the spiders?" 
"I gave you some of mine," Sophia admitted. "A little, to tie us together, so I could funnel more into you. Mostly, I took it from Mariven. She had just killed you and it seemed like a good idea at the time."
"I'm not complaining," Allan said, "is she??" he hesitated.
"Not dead, but a lot older than she was this morning. Mariven's kind live for hundreds of years, and I only took one human lifetime for you. It is justice, and more mercy than she deserves, but I suspect it still counts as dark magic."
"How will this affect your becoming a full sorceress?"
"I don't think that joining the Conclave is a possibility any longer," Sophia answered, looking into Allan's eyes again.
"I'm sorry," Allan said.
Sophia put two fingers on his lips to quiet him.
"In the moment I saw you die, I finally understood what really mattered," she said. "And I knew what I wanted most."
She kissed the tip of his nose.
"What did you mean when you said that not being together wouldn't be an option for us now?" Allan asked.
"There are consequences to what I did, and things we'll have to live with for the rest of our lives. I'm not sure yet what all of them will be, but some are already in effect."
"Such as?"
"You know how poets and minstrels speak of two hearts beating as one? Our hearts actually do. I fixed your heart, but to make it work again I had to twin it with mine. So in a very real way we share the same heart now."
"That's all right," Allan reassured her, "you've had my heart for a long time anyway. What else?"
"We're bonded to each other on an even deeper level than that. I believe that that bond will continue to grow over time." She reached up and pinched her right earlobe. Allan's eyes widened as he realised that he could feel a gentle pinch on his own earlobe.
"Wow," Allan said with amazement in his voice. "I've never even heard a story about something like that."
"Yes, you have," Sophia said looking a little embarrassed. "It's usually a cat, or an owl or a hawk."
"I'm your familiar?"
"It's more like we're each other's." 
Allan was silent for a moment until another thought occurred to him. "Does that mean you that put your mark on me? That is how it works isn't it? With some sort of branding involved?" 
Sophia blushed deep scarlet.
"Not on purpose," she began and then stopped.
Allan was laughing, shaking both of them. When the fit had passed he asked where his telltale mark was. Sophia ran her hand through his close cropped hair and then grasped a strand of her own silver locks. She held it up in between their faces.
"We're a matched set," she said by way of explanation.
"Anything else," Allan asked with a wry smile.
"I'm afraid so," Sophia said. She stared hard into Allan's eyes. Allan felt a strange sensation in his mind as if someone were tickling his brain. Faintly, he heard a voice speaking in his mind. The voice was Sophia's, and it said I love you my Allan, this is why we will always be together. With her voice came more than words. Allan felt her love for him and her underlying fear that he didn't really love her in the same way. All of this was coupled with her insecurity that maybe she wasn't worthy of such love.
"You see," Sophia said. "We will never have any secrets or be able to lie to each other ever again."
Allan said nothing. He looked into her eyes and sent his own thoughts on the matter. Sophia's eyes went wide in astonishment.
"Oh, my Allan," she cried hugging him close. Sophia's voice was full of relief and joy. 
***
After the trying times of the last few days, Allan and Sophia let their companions sleep through the night rather than waking them from Mariven's sleeping spell. Over breakfast they told the rest of the party about the events of the night before, leaving out the more personal details.
"I realise it's the least of what happened," said Laura looking from Sophia to Allan "but I can't get over your hair."
"Princess," Stave told Laura with mock seriousness, "it's always only a matter of time until a woman gives a man grey hair. This gets it out of the way up front."
He winked at Allan and laughed at his own joke. Laura rolled her eyes to let him know what she thought of his humour.
"Ha, ha," Laura continued after Staves interruption. "It's just that it makes Sophie look a little older, but Allan looks younger."
"That's because I am a bit older," Sophia shrugged, "and Allan is, technically speaking, less than a day old."
"Exactly how much of your life did you give me?" Allan asked.
"Just a few years," Sophia said. "Besides, it evens us up. Now we won't have to wait to get_," Sophia broke off mid-sentence, embarrassed.
"Wait to get what?" Laura teased.
Alexandra coughed out the sip of water she had just taken.
"I'm all for the not waiting," Allan reassured Sophia "but I'm not as keen on you living three of four fewer years."
"I expect I'll live exactly as long as you live Allan," Sophia replied, "and you'll live exactly as long as I live." She smiled a small smile, "I told you, we're a matched set now."
No one spoke for a few minutes as they considered this revelation. The silence was finally broken by Alexandra.
"What's that over there?" Alexandra asked Sophia.
Sophia looked in the direction Alexandra had indicated and received a sharp pinch on her bottom. She jumped with a squeal and Allan hopped on the far side of the campfire. They both glared at Alexandra.
"That will never get old," Alexandra said through her laughter. When she'd finished laughing Alexandra moved on to more serious business. "What are we going to do about her?" she asked, pointing at Mariven.
The witch was bound, gagged and blindfolded at the edge of the campsite.
"It's dangerous to leave such an enemy behind," suggested Stave. He made his point by miming the cutting of his own throat.
"We can't kill her in cold blood," exclaimed Laura. She looked up at Stave, "Could you?"
Stave seriously considered her question for a moment and shook his head. "No, I suppose not."
"We have to do something with her," Alexandra said.
"We'll have her promise to leave us alone," suggested Sophia.
Alexandra, Stave and Laura all looked at her incredulously.
"It'll work," she insisted. "If she swears on her power, she can't break the promise without losing her abilities. She'd never risk that."
"No time like the present," Allan said.
He went over to Mariven, sat her up and removed her blindfold and gag. Mariven looked quite different from the last time Alexandra had seen her. Instead of the beautiful young woman she had been, Mariven now looked like she had aged four decades. She glared up at the entire group. Sophia came to stand over her.
"You've been listening," Sophia said, "so you know the deal. We require a pledge of your good conduct in exchange for your release. Otherwise, you'll force us to take more drastic measures."
Laura and Alexandra shared a look, both were surprised by the ice in Sophia's voice.
"Worried I might curse you Little Princess?" Mariven asked. She showed no fear despite the position she was in. "I offer my pledge freely. I will not harm any of you or cause harm to be brought to you. I swear it on my magic." She smiled pleasantly up at Sophia.
"You can cut her loose now," Sophia told Allan.
Allan drew his belt knife and cut Mariven free of the ropes securing her hands and feet. Mariven rose slowly, rubbing wrists and ankles.
"You gave that pledge awfully quickly, Witch," Stave noted.
His distrust was thick in his voice. Mariven laughed a cruel laugh and sneered at Stave.
"The Little Princess spared my life last night when she might have easily taken it," answered Mariven "For that alone I relinquish all claims of vengeance and ownership of young Allan here. He's tainted goods now anyway." She smiled again looking from Sophia to Allan. "The best part is, I don't need to curse them. She's already done a far better and crueller job of it than I could ever have managed."
Mariven laughed uproariously and vanished from sight.

Chapter 25 - A Dragon Hunt
For two weeks Catherine had been searching through the all the dusty storage rooms and rarely opened archives of the Sky Kingdom's library, and she had yet to find a single concrete lead. Part of the problem was the sheer scale of the task. Except for the Royal Library of Calambria, the Sky Kingdom had the largest collection of written material anywhere in Arros. For the last thousand years, the monarchs of the Kingdom had, universally, added to the collections during their reigns. Unfortunately, for much of that time the library itself had been understaffed and a large portion of the collection had simply been stacked somewhere, instead of being properly catalogued. Now, even with the return and assistance of Master Drake, the search was moving a snail's pace. All of this, combined with the possibility that there might be nothing of value to find, had worn down the normally patient Catherine. After weeks of fruitless searching, she found her first clue by accident.
***
Julia had come down to the library to get fresh reading material and to make sure that Catherine ate dinner. She had to traverse several dusty storerooms and travel down a half dozen hallways, cut out of the rock, to find her. Catherine was staring at an ancient looking door set into the back of the deepest storeroom. The door wasn't large, but looked impressively heavy and was wrapped in dark iron. Someone, Julia assumed Catherine, had wiped away centuries of dust from the central panel of the door. There was gilded dragon forged into the ironwork. It was the same gold dragon that adorned the crest and flag of the Sky Kingdom. Catherine was staring at the door deep in thought. Julia walked up behind her and poked her head around Catherine's shoulder for a better look.
"Are you only going to look in there now?" Julia asked, causing Catherine to jump in fright. "I mean, I'm no scholar," Julia continued, examining the door. "But I'd have started with the door with a dragon on it."
"And here I thought you might not be of much help," Catherine replied, looking down at her youngest sister.
"It seems kind of obvious," Julia smiled up at her.
"I only discovered the door this morning, and I found it by accident." Catherine pointed to a large, and somewhat precariously stacked, pile of crates on the other side of the room. "All of those boxes were piled up against this wall. If I hadn't knocked one over trying to get at something else, this door would still be hidden."
"Nobody knew about it?" Julia asked. She had grown bored with reading stories, but a secret door was another matter.
"No, not even the Chief Librarian or Master Drake."
"Well what are you waiting for?" Julia demanded. "Open it up and let's see what's in there!"
Catherine gave her sister a withering frown.
"I wish I'd thought of that. Oh no, wait I did, and I've spent all day trying to get this open."
"Is it locked," Julia inquired, examining the door handle, "or stuck?"
"I don't know, I've had a number of the Keep's tradesmen come down to try to open it. As you can see there's no visible key hole. I had the head of the Locksmith's guild come up from Lakeside to have a look anyway. He couldn't find any mechanical locking mechanism or a secret lock."
"Maybe it's a magic lock," Julia suggested, "and you need special words to open it." She turned to the door and raised her hands "Open up door," she commanded dramatically.
Nothing happened. Catherine laughingly embraced her. When she'd finished laughing Catherine continued on with the rest of her story.
"I had Master Drake examine it hours ago. He couldn't sense any magical spell holding it shut, but he said that iron and magic don't mix well either. So it's hard to tell for sure. It's not impossible, just unlikely."
"So what's holding it shut?" Julia asked. She was now a little disappointed in the door.
"David, our master carpenter, says the door might just be wedged shut," Catherine said. "Wood can swell with substantial force. It's also possible that rust is holding it tight. He came back down and oiled all around the door and the handle and the hinges. He told me it's best to let it soak overnight." She paused briefly and then continued, "Master David will be back in the morning with a couple of strong apprentices to try again. You can come back with me then if you like."
***
After breakfast the next morning, both Julia and Kristina went down to the library with Catherine hoping that the dragon door would lead to the information they needed. When they reached the storeroom it was full of vigorous hammering. With their master looking on, two burly young apprentice carpenters were striking the door in various places with large wooden mallets. When they saw the princesses enter, the tradesmen stopped what they were doing and made polite bows.
"I'm having them try to loosen up any rust or grit that might be causing the door to bind," the master carpenter told the girls. "We're ready to try to get it open when you give the word, Highness," he told Catherine.
"Please make another attempt then Master David," Catherine said.
"Of course Highness. It would be safest if you moved back a ways." 
The sisters moved to the far end of the storeroom to give the men room to work. One of the apprentices grasped the door handle and gave a mighty pull. The other apprentice placed a steel pry bar into the narrow crack on the handle side of the door and attempted to gain leverage. After several minutes of huffing a puffing, the door was still well stuck. Master David examined it.
"It hasn't moved a hair, Highness," he told Catherine. "I think if you want to see what's behind, we'll need the blacksmith to cut through the door itself. Or masons, to cut away some the stone around the frame." He rested his hand admiringly on the intricate door. "Be a shame to damage such old and fine craftsmanship. On the other hand, a door that doesn't open isn't much good to anyone."
Catherine considered for a moment before answering. "I suppose you had better make the arrangements with your fellow craftsmen," she told him. "We need to see what's past this door."
The carpenters gathered up their tools, bowed again, and left the girls alone in the storeroom.
"That was disappointing," Kristina said, taking a better look at the door and pulling experimentally on the handle to no effect.
"Yes, I was sure we would discover something exciting," agreed Julia. "Maybe treasure or a sleeping dragon back there." She touched the image of the dragon in the centre of the door and received a powerful jolt of static electricity. "Ouch," Julia cried pulling her hand back from the door. "Your stupid door just bit me," she scowled at Catherine.
"That's strange," Catherine said. She looked from the door to Julia "It never gave me a shock and I spent almost an hour cleaning it. Why don't you have a go at opening it?"
Julia frowned at Catherine, still cradling her sore hand. "Sure," she said, "those two muscly boys couldn't pull it open, but maybe I can?"
"Humour me. What harm is there in trying?"
Julia didn't answer, but tentatively grasped the door handle, expecting to be shocked again. When nothing happened she braced her feet and pulled as hard as she could. The door opened without any resistance and she fell backwards into Kristina, knocking both girls to the ground. Catherine moved to the doorway excitedly ignoring her sisters who were now in a heap of arms and legs on the floor.
"Is there at least some kind of treasure chest?" Julia asked getting to her feet and offering Kristina a hand.
"We don't need treasure," Kristina said, standing up and brushing off the dust from her dress. "We need a dragon."
"I'm afraid we've found neither," Catherine said. "There isn't even a room back here. Just smooth rock behind the door. It's like they hung a door that goes to nowhere."
Kristina and Julia stood on either side of Catherine so that they could see for themselves.
"That is incredibly disappointing," Kristina said, looking at the smooth rock wall.
"What are you two talking about?" Julia asked her sisters, confused. "What about all that golden writing and that map?" 
Catherine and Kristina turned as one towards Julia.
"What are you talking about?" Catherine asked. "All I see is blank wall of rock."
"Me too," confirmed Kristina. Julia looked at her sisters faces to see if they were playing a joke on her. However, they both appeared to be entirely serious about not seeing what was so clearly written behind the door.
***
"So you're saying there's writing there that only you can see?" Master Drake asked Julia, looking at the smooth rock wall. "But that you can't read?" 
Julia, who was sitting on a box of books, nodded.
"Well," Master Drake went on "I can't feel any magic at work here, but that doesn't mean there isn't any. It may be of a sort I'm not familiar with. Possibly, it's some of the Old Magic."
"Why would only Julia be able to see it?" Kristina asked.
"I don't know yet," he shrugged "maybe a spell was triggered when the door shocked her."
"What good is writing she can't read and map that only she can see?" Kristina asked.
"We should be able to determine that in short order," Catherine said from the hallway. She had returned to the storeroom with a blank piece of parchment in one hand and a stick of charcoal in the other. "We can't see what's there, but Julia can copy it for us." She handed the Julia the parchment and charcoal.
"You'll have to tell me the result later," Kristina told Catherine. "I have other duties I need to attend to."
***
Kristina, Catherine, Julia, Master Drake and Hailgard met in the King's council chamber for their noon meal. In the middle of the circular table was a large piece of parchment covered in script and a detailed map. Julia had spent the rest of the morning copying the symbols and the map with Catherine's assistance. Although Catherine couldn't see the original, she had taught Julia many of the techniques used by scribes to ensure a manuscript was accurately duplicated. It had been a long morning for Julia and she felt she now knew far more about the art of cartography than she had ever wanted to. Everyone had inspected the parchment and now they discussed what to do with it as they ate lunch.
"You're certain that the language it's written in is the high speech of the Old Imperium?" Kristina asked in between bites. Both Catherine and Master Drake nodded. "And we don't have a dictionary or any means of deciphering it?" Kristina continued with her mouth half full of food.
"I'm afraid not Princess," Master Drake said. "By modern standards, I'm something of an expert concerning the language and history of the Old Imperium. Sadly, that amounts to knowing part of the alphabet and less than one hundred words. While that allows me to recognise this for what it is, it's nowhere near enough to translate it."
"Do you recognise any of these words?" Hailgard asked the sorcerer.
"Only one, which is repeated a few times in the text," Master Drake answered, breaking a small dinner roll in half, "Dragon."
"At least, that gives us hope, and makes finding out what the rest of it says worthwhile," Catherine suggested.
"So we just need to find someone who can read it," Julia said. "How hard could that be?" The rest of the diners just gave her looks which said it would likely be very difficult indeed. "What?" she asked the table in general, "aren't there some dry old scholarly types somewhere, who spend their days speaking in dead languages, we could ask?"
"Ignoring for the moment your comments about dry old scholarly types," Master Drake began. "The only existing works written in Old Imperial, I know of, are kept under lock and key in the Royal Library in Calambria. The royal family of Calambria has kept this knowledge to themselves almost back to the fall of the Imperium. As I understand it, they've used it as their personal family code for the last thousand years. They hardly even bother protecting correspondences since none of the other kingdoms has a means of deciphering them anyway. At least, that's the rumour."
He looked to Hailgard.
"I believe rumour and truth are the same in this instance," Hailgard said. "Not that we would ever take a peek at Calambria's documents anyway," he finished and took a sip of his wine.
"Of course not," agreed Master Drake taking a sip of his own wine. "So you see," he continued a moment later. "Unless, we can convince the Chief Librarian of the Calambrian Royal Library to risk his own execution and lend us a codex." He paused and then chuckled, "Or we can convince a member of the Calambrian royal family to translate it for us, we are again at an impasse." 
Hailgard chuckled at the ridiculousness of the old sorcerer's suggestions.
None of the sisters were laughing. Two of them, were looking at Catherine. Kristina's eyes promised that they would have a private talk later.
***
Kristina went to visit Elaine Hailgard that afternoon and found her, as was commonly the case, working on a large piece of embroidery and entertaining a number of other noble born ladies.
"Princess Kristina," Elaine greeted her, "what a wonderful surprise."
"I am sorry to drop in unannounced," Kristina told Elaine, and, indirectly, the other ladies. "I was hoping I could ask your advice on a private matter."
"Of course, my dear," Elaine smiled a sweet motherly smile. "I'm always here for you."
The other ladies promptly excused themselves from the Hailgard's siting room and soon Kristina and Elaine were alone.
"What's going on?" Elaine asked, her smile dropping as quickly as the door was shut.
"You have dossiers on all the important nobles of the lowland kingdoms don't you?"
"You never know when a bit of dirt will come in handy."
"Good, I need everything you have on Prince Daniel of Calambria."
***
Elaine took Kristina to a small office concealed behind a false bookcase. She apologised for the clich as the bookcase slid out of the way to reveal a doorway. She then gave Kristina the surprisingly thick folder of documents comprising the Kingdom's intelligence reports on Prince Daniel. Elaine waited patiently without speaking for the hour it took Kristina to peruse the reports.
"So pretty much every single rumour about Daniel is true," Kristina said closing the folder.
"Impressive, isn't it." Elaine replied with genuine admiration in her voice.
"That's one word," Kristina agreed. "Frightening might be another. I find it amazing a fourteen year old boy could be that brilliant and ruthless."
She stared down at the folder.
"If he'd been any less of either, he and his brother would be dead now," Elaine said, taking the folder back and refiling it.
"And he has no vices," Kristina went on, "No secret women? No unsavoury habits?"
"None my people have been able to determine. Of course his brother the King has enough for several men, so I suppose it may all balance out."
"It's strange that such an honourable man would protect another who seems to have none at all."
"Family," Elaine explained. "You don't get to choose your family. May I ask why you are suddenly so interested in the Prince?"
"He's expressed an interest in Catherine."
"Ah, your birthday feast," Elaine exclaimed slapping her hand on her desk. "I couldn't figure out why he'd come. I thought all of that dancing with Catherine might have been covering for something else."
"Do you think he could have had a part in the poisoning?" 
"It's my job not to trust anyone, but if you're asking my opinion then I would say no. There's no evidence Prince Daniel has ever done a single dishonourable thing. You know, I've been completely unsuccessful in getting someone close to him."
"Why is that?"
"He has the best defence you can have to spying," Elaine explained. "His people love him."
***
"You don't have to ask," Catherine said as Kristina stepped into her bedchamber that evening. "I've already composed a short letter to Daniel asking for his help."
"Well he offered it, and we need it," Kristina said. "What did you tell him?"
"That's between Daniel and me."
"Cath, it's kind of important to the Kingdom. You know I wouldn't pry into your personal business, but this touches on matters of State and Father's life."
Catherine considered this for a minute and then picked up a folded, but as yet unsealed letter from her writing desk and handed it to her sister. Kristina read the short note to herself.


Daniel,

If you meant the words in your letter then I must indeed ask a favour of you. Enclosed are a few lines of text which I am unable to translate. Discovering their meaning is of great importance to me. With regard to that thing which you left behind, I would gladly care for it indefinitely if that is what you wish. You have my word; it will find no truer guardian.

Yours truly,

Catherine.

"Catherine," Kristina exclaimed. "I think it's traditional to let the man propose. I guess it's a good thing he's so far away or I might have to post a guard to keep you from sneaking into his room!"
Catharine angrily snatched the note back from Kristina who burst out laughing. Catherine joined her when she realised Kristina had only been teasing.
"I think it's a ridiculously romantic note," Kristina told her younger sister, "If you're sure." She paused and looked Catherine in the eye, "I mean, I wouldn't want you to do this just for the Kingdom."
Kristina was unable to finish saying this while maintaining a straight face.
***
The next day Catherine went down to the town of Lakeside. Although she was typically the least visible of the Sky Kingdom's royal family, many of the townsfolk still recognised her and waved in greeting. She took her letter to a tall stone building on the west side of town. A sign hung above the street out front displaying a large grey and black bird with wings wide spread in flight. It was the crest of the Courier's Guild. A doorman politely opened the front doors and Catherine went in. Inside, was a large open front room mostly filled with a long desk staffed by several busy looking guild members. Catherine, who had handled correspondence for the Royal Library in the past, knew where to go. She took her letter up to a small wizened old man at the end of the long desk.
"Ah, Princess Catherine," he bowed, "how wonderful to see you again."
"Thank you, Master Travis. I have an urgent letter that must reach Calambria as soon as possible."
"Where in Calambria is it going, Highness?" asked Travis.
"The Capitol, to Prince Daniel," Catherine informed him. "As quickly, as possible," she reiterated.
"That will be by grey hawk," Travis said. "Pigeon would be a lot less expensive, but we would need to transcribe your letter to a much smaller scroll."
He looked at her questioningly.
"No, it needs to go, like this, unopened. It's official Kingdom business."
"Very well, Highness," Travis accepted the letter from her, "It will arrive in the Prince's hands within the week."

Chapter 26 - Out of the Vale
The party travelled the same route, in reverse, on the journey back to Stave's cabin. They made camp at the same sites and faced only the everyday dangers that the Vale's swamps and jungles contained. The only exceptions were a two night stopover in Snakewood, due to a protracted thunderstorm, and an attempted robbery as they left. A dozen armed townsfolk had surrounded them on the way out of town and demanded the "treasure" in the big backpack that Allan and Stave had been taking turns carrying. Instead of putting up a fight, Stave had simply dropped the big pack to the ground and told the would-be bandits to help themselves. The townsfolk had only needed one look at the pack's contents to decide that the travellers could keep their "treasure".
With those exceptions, the return from the Dell was almost pleasant by comparison to the northward journey. The little girl was surprisingly happy despite the trauma she must surely have suffered, and they bought her new clothing and boots during their stay in Snakewood. Although she still hadn't spoken a word, the little girl had somehow become very much a member of the group over the days of travel. Perhaps, most surprising, was the friendship that had developed between Stave and the little girl. The silent child was always at his side, and would help with any camp chore Stave happened to be doing. Alexandra joked that the girl had become Stave's "young apprentice" and she did seem eager to learn all that the big man had to teach about the Vale.
The biggest influence on the mood of the group came from the happiness of Sophia and Allan. The joy that they had found in each other was infectious and seemed to make the dark jungle a little brighter. The travellers from the Sky Kingdom spent their last night in the Vale of Halros much as they had spent the first. Back at his cabin, Stave, with the help of Alexandra and the silent little girl, cooked a veritable feast, and for the first time in weeks everyone felt safe and content. After tucking the little girl into the big bed in the sleeping loft, the rest of the group sat downstairs around the fireplace and discussed what they should do with her.
"I think we should bring her back to the Sky Keep with us," Laura said. "The Kingdom is far safer than the Vale and I'm sure we can find a place for her there."
"My mother might take her in," suggested Allan. "She always wanted another child, particularly a daughter of her own."
"I think that sounds like a good plan," Stave agreed. "I have to say that child has grown on me in the last week. She doesn't complain and is quick to help out. Someone must have done a decent job of raising her. At least until she found herself in the witch's clutches."
"I hope she'll be able to tell us her story someday," Laura yawned.
***
The next day Stave walked with the travellers down to where the main trail and the path to his cabin met. He also carried the heavy pack, to give Allan some respite, since Allan would have to carry it all the way back up to the North Keep on his own. He set the pack on the ground and turned to the others.
"This is as far as I go," Stave said.
Allan shook Staves hand and each of the sisters gave their long lost uncle a hug. Laura added a kiss and few tears to the mix.
"Are you sure you won't return with us," she asked one last time after Stave set her back down on her feet.
"No Laura, your uncle Gareth has to stay dead and gone. Come back and visit and I'll tell you the whole story. Besides, your father and I never really got along." He rubbed his jaw ruefully. "A bit of an oil and water sort of thing."
"I'm sure he's forgiven you the broken nose after twenty years," Alexandra said. "He isn't the kind to hold grudges. Even if it is still crooked."
"He's a good man," Stave agreed. "A younger, stupider, me just never saw it." He became serious for a moment and looked hard at Alexandra. "I don't have an heir of my own and I don't expect I ever will, so before I forget. In front of these witnesses of noble birth and descendant of the Great Reaver, I hereby name you, Alexandra Grace Ballantine, heir to all that I have, or have right to."
"You mean your cabin?" asked Alexandra with a grin.
"Well, mostly the axe," Stave said, returning her grin, "and maybe a few other odds and ends."
"We'd best get going," Allan said, hoisting on the big spider-filled pack.
The mute little girl moved over and stood beside Stave. She wrapped one tiny arm around his big leg.
"I think she wants to stay here," said Laura looking from the little girl to the giant man.
"Yes," the little girl said softly, ending her long silence.
"We'll give it a try," Stave said, looking down at the child. "If she changes her mind, I'll send word through the guards at the North Keep."
Stave and the little girl watched until the travellers were out of sight and then he turned and looked down at his tiny charge.
"You have a name little chatter box?" he asked his new ward.
She looked up at him and shrugged.
"Until you tell me otherwise, I'm going to call you Lissel. It was my sister's name and you look just like she did when she was nine or ten. Would that be all right with you?"
"Yes," little Lissel answered with a happy smile.
"It's too late in the day to do any real work," Stave said looking up at the bright morning sky. "I guess I might as well show you my favourite fishing spot instead."
Lissel put her small hand in Stave's and they headed back up to the cabin together.

Chapter 27 - Traitors
The three sisters and Allan began the hard climb out of the Vale of Halros. Although travelling uphill from Stave's cabin to the North Keep was less treacherous than travelling the trail downward had been, it was even more tiring. Alexandra, who had now taken the lead, set a slow pace both for safety and because of the heavy burden that Allan carried. When they reached the upper edge of the Vale and were back in the Seventh Pass, Alexandra called a halt. Laura seemed in good form, but both Allan and Sophia slumped to the ground exhausted. The two of them stared at each other with serious expressions and Allan shook his head emphatically several times.
"That's really kind of rude," Alexandra pointed out to the two of them, after she had taken a sip of water from her water skin. "I mean, I assume I wouldn't want to hear most of what you two say to each other. At least based on the stupid grins and embarrassed blushing. But I'm guessing this," she waved a hand between them, "isn't any of the usual smutty stuff?"
"Alex," Sophia said indignantly, "there isn't any smutty stuff!" She glanced at Allan and both of their faces went red.
"Obviously," Alexandra said. Laura giggled in between sips of water. "So what were you discussing so seriously?"
"I was telling her to stop helping me," Allan said, "but she's very stubborn."
"I'm not sure someone like you is allowed to call other people stubborn," Sophia smiled fondly at Allan.
"Helping you do what?" asked Laura.
"Carry the pack," Allan explained. "She's been lending me her strength to help carry it and now she's exhausted."
"You can do that?" Alexandra asked. "What else can you two do?"
"I didn't know we could do this," Allan replied. "Did you know?" he asked Sophia.
"Not until I tried today," Sophia shrugged. "I told you more things were likely to crop up as our bond became stronger. Anyway, it was the sensible thing to do. You're our best fighter and our main protection. If you're completely exhausted when something happens, how will you defend us?"
"That actually makes sense," agreed Alexandra. Then she looked at Sophia. "But you should probably stop now that we're past the hardest part. You look terrible and I don't want to have to carry you."
***
Once they were in the pass proper, the party moved faster and they reached the tall iron gate of the North Keep well ahead of sundown. Allan had informed the girls earlier that the gate wouldn't be opened after darkness fell, even for the King himself. Everyone was looking forward to hot food and a mattress, however hard it might be. Alexandra hailed the guards, and they opened the gate immediately for the travellers. On the far side of the tunnel that cut through the Keep's northern wall they were once again greeted by the Wolf Company's captain, Jared Frostbane. 
"I see you've returned intact," he said as he looked over the party. "Allan, I like what you've done with your hair. No doubt silver will be all the rage at court this year." He winked at Alexandra. "You look worn out. Do you want one of my men to take that for you?" he gestured to the big backpack.
"No," Allan said, "I've carried it this far, I can manage a little farther."
"Very well," the Captain said. "You're in the same rooms as before. The Sergeant here can at assist your Highnesses at least." A weathered looking ranger with sergeant's stripes relieved Sophia and Laura of their packs and led them off to their quarters.
After seeing that the spider was safely stowed in his room, Allan collected the princesses and they went together to the mess hall. Dinner was only just beginning, and the four were the first to receive their supper. A short time later, Captain Frostbane collected a heaping plate of food and joined them at the long table.
"It isn't good," he said, looking at his plate, "but there's lots of it. Without getting into details, which I know you can't, can you tell me if your mission was successful?"
"It was," Alexandra said. "Did your scouts find any sign of our pursuers?"
"No. They backtracked most of the way to Lakeside, but found no sign of them."
"We'll need our mounts ready to go at first light," Allan told him in between bites of food. "I think we'll borrow four of your men just to be safe."
"I'll see to it," Captain Frostbane assured him. They continued eating while the Captain told them several humorous stories. Eventually, Sophia had eaten all she was hungry for and couldn't stop yawning.
"I have things to check on," Captain Frostbane said, "and you look exhausted, Princess Sophia. May I escort you back to your room?"
"I don't think that's necessary, Captain" Sophia told him through yet another yawn.
"True," he laughed, "but it's on my way."
***
A short time later, the Captain and Sophia were at the door to the quarters the princesses had been assigned.
"Thank you for the escort Captain," Sophia said. "Will you see us off in the morning?"
"I'm afraid not, Princess," the Captain said, sounding regretful.
"Why not?" asked Sophia.
"I think I'll let Sergeant Tucker here explain," Captain Frostbane smiled crookedly.
The grizzled sergeant, who had carried their packs, appeared from around the corner, just down the hallway. He walked over to them, looked down at Sophia, and without warning, punched her in the face.
***
As he was finishing his dinner with Alexandra and Laura, Allan suddenly felt pain in the left side of his face causing him to cry out. At once, most of his connection to Sophia disappeared. It wasn't until the connection was gone that he realised that they were, at least to some extent, in each other's minds all the time now. Laura and Alexandra looked at him alarmed.
"It's Sophia," Allan told them, getting up from the table "She's in trouble." 
Laura and Alexandra followed him from the mess hall. They made their way across the North Keep's courtyard towards the building that housed their sleeping quarters.
"Allan," Laura said, half running to keep up "You have a big ugly bruise forming on your cheek."
"I know," Allan said. "I'm repaying a debt."
***
When Sophia regained consciousness, she found herself tied up hand and foot. She was being carried over someone's shoulder and her jaw hurt horribly. Sophia tasted blood in her mouth and she tentatively explored with her tongue for broken teeth. Despite a splitting headache, she could hear Allan in her head calling to her desperately. The pain in her jaw was diminishing rapidly and this helped Sophia concentrate on him. Allan, she called to him with her own thoughts. Allan's calls ceased immediately, and Sophia knew that he was listening. Captain Frostbane is a traitor. I'm his prisoner and he's taking me to the roof of the Keep. There are at least two other men. Sophia cleared her mind and moment later she heard Allan's fierce response.
We're coming.
***
Alexandra and Allan dashed up the stairs and onto the wide flat roof of the North Keep. The rooftop was empty except for two ballistae covered by canvas tarps and five other people standing by the northern edge. Torches in iron brackets lit the roof and Allan and Alexandra had no cover under which to approach stealthily. After a brief glance at each other, an unspoken agreement passed between them and the two walked forward boldly. Halfway across the rooftop they were stopped by the sound of Captain Frostbane's voice.
"I think that's far enough," he said. He was holding a bound Sophia out over the edge of the crenellations. "With too great a distraction I might lose my grip. I had hoped to do this one at a time. Oh well, I suppose sometimes plans change."
The three other soldiers spread out to either side of the Captain and Sophia. They had drawn their swords.
"Why are you doing this?" Alexandra asked.
"I've moved up as far as is possible here in the Sky Kingdom," the Captain said. "Other opportunities have presented themselves, and if I'm being entirely truthful, for a simply ridiculous amount of gold."
"I can't believe an entire company of Rangers would betray the Kingdom," Allan said.
"No, of course not." agreed Captain Frostbane, "But I don't need the whole company, just the good sergeant here and a couple of new recruits. Now, I'll need you to set down your sword and those knives and kick them over here. Seeing you standing there armed is making me so afraid that my grip is slipping." He smiled and leaned Sophia further out over the edge.
"Put her down," Allan said coldly.
"You first," replied the Captain.
Allan threw down his sword and the knife in his belt. Alexandra dropped her own long knife.
"Good," Captain Frostbane said. He set Sophia back onto her feet on the rooftop. "Now kick them over here."
Allan kicked his sword and the knives across the roof.
"As much as I appreciate the cooperation," the Captain said, "and as much as I genuinely like both of you. I'm afraid that my instructions regarding you are explicit." He grabbed Sophia by a handful of her hair and placed the point of his short sword to base of her skull. "I will make it both quick and painless if you let me," he offered. 
The three other soldiers moved cautiously towards Allan and Alexandra spreading out to cut off any escape down the stairs.
Sophia's eyes found Allan's across the rooftop. I will always love you Allan, she sent to him. Time seemed to slow down to a crawl as Allan desperately accessed the situation. Survival for any of them was unlikely, saving Sophia impossible. The fear in the pit of his stomach grew into something greater and suddenly he felt as though he were filled with a thunder storm that wanted to burst him apart. Without conscious thought, he threw that storm at the approaching soldiers. To his amazement, the three men were swept from rooftop and hurtled out over the crenellations behind the Captain and Sophia. They appeared to hang there briefly before plummeting the hundred feet to the ground below. Friend and foe alike were staring at the space the soldiers had occupied.
"Let her go," Allan said.
"I think I'll just leave now," Captain Frostbane replied. He was clearly shaken by what had happened. He maintained a tight grip on Sophia and backed around Allan and Alexandra towards the stairwell. At the top of the stairs he shoved Sophia to the ground and dashed down the steps. Alexandra scooped up Allan's sword and gave chase. Allan ran to Sophia and untied her. He could hear Alexandra cursing loudly from the bottom of the stairwell. Soon, she returned to the roof.
"He locked the bloody door," Alexandra said. "That traitor is getting away."
She was shaking with rage. Allan was sitting on the top step holding Sophia tightly.
"It could be worse," he told Alexandra, kissing the top of Sophia's head.
"What happened?" Alexandra asked Sophia "I though you couldn't use magic if your hands are bound."
"I can't," Sophia replied. 
Allan looked up at Alexandra. His once hazel eyes were now pale violet.
***
A short time later, Laura and four soldiers who's loyalties Allan and Alexandra had been certain of, opened the stairwell door and came running up for a belated rescue. A brief search of the keep revealed that the guards at the north gate had been struck down from behind and the Captain had already made his escape into the Vale. Sophia and Laura were sitting in the mess hall, nursing cups of hot tea, late that evening. Alexandra collected her own cup and joined them.
"Sergeant Smithson confirmed the identities of the men working with Jared," she told them after taking a sip of her tea. The sergeant had been one of the four soldiers that Laura had been sent to find and he was now the ranking officer within the Wolf Company. "Sergeant Tucker was a twenty year veteran, but the other two only joined the company the day after we went north into the Vale. Jared told the other men they were here for special training. No one seems to have spoken more than two or three words to either man."
"And they arrived just after us?" asked Laura.
"Yes," Alexandra said. "Sergeant Smithson says that Jared never ordered any scouts south to look for our pursuers. Allan thinks, and I agree, that those men and our pursuers were probably one and the same."
"So what's the plan now?" asked Laura.
"We continue south in the morning," Alexandra shrugged. "Sergeant Smithson will take over as acting captain here and promote two of his corporals to sergeant. We have bigger things to worry about. Still, I wouldn't have believed that any of the Rangers would turn traitor."

Chapter 28 - Daniel's Reply
Ten days after posting her letter to Prince Daniel, Catherine received his reply. She was in her office pouring over the map Julia had copied, attempting to make sense of it, when she was interrupted by a knock at her door.
"Come in," Catherine said, still staring at the map. One of the royal guardsmen opened the door.
"Highness," he said, "there's someone here who wants to speak with you. Chancellor Hailgard told me to bring him to see you right away."
"Thank you, please send him in," Catherine told the guardsman. She was curious to see who it might be. A tall knight wearing Calambrian colours entered the office and made a polite bow. He looked to be a year or two shy of thirty and Catherine thought he had the look of a man who had seen fighting.
"Princess Catherine?" the knight inquired. Catherine nodded the affirmative. "I am Sir Jeremy, Baron of Tollan, and captain of Prince Daniel's guard. My Prince has sent me to bring you a message and a gift." He offered Catherine a sealed letter and small parcel wrapped in purple velvet, tied tight with gold ribbon.
"Thank you, Sir Jeremy," Catherine accepted the items from the tall knight.
"Regarding the gift," Sir Jeremy continued, "my Prince told me to remind you that, although he will come with all possible speed, you mustn't wait until the last minute if you need to use it."
The knight shrugged to show that he didn't know what the words meant.
"Will you be remaining here for a time before you return?" asked Catherine.
"Yes Highness, I'm instructed to bring back any message you might have," Sir Jeremy smiled tiredly. "Also, my horses will need rest before they can be ridden again. My Prince ordered haste and so I have been alternately riding three swift mounts."
"I appreciate your haste," Catherine said getting up. She opened her office door and addressed the guardsman who was still waiting outside. "Please tell the Chancellor that Sir Jeremy will need rooms in the Keep. Also, please inform Princess Kristina that I have received word from Prince Daniel of Calambria."
"At once, Princess," the guardsman saluted and led the tired knight away.
***
Kristina and Julia arrived at Catherine's office a short time later. Catherine was holding the small velvet wrapped package as they let themselves in.
"What's that?" Julia asked, looking at the richly wrapped package.
"A present from Daniel," Catherine said. She looked up at Kristina, "I've waited for you before opening his letter. I have to admit, I wasn't going to wait much longer."
She set down the still wrapped package and broke the letter's wax seal. Catherine read aloud to her sisters.

My Dearest Catherine,

It was with both surprise and delight that I received your letter. I must confess, when I made my offer of aid, I had intended something more like slaying a dragon for you rather than translating a strange old poem about one. I don't know if you were aware of the fact (although it wouldn't surprise me), but given my brothers disinterest in scholarly pursuits and the unexpected passing of our chief librarian last year, I may be the last living soul able to read the words you sent. Translated into the common tongue they say:

Only one born with eyes to see, can find the Golden Dragon.
Only one who is pure of heart, can wake the Golden Dragon.
Only one with a dragon's cunning, can best the Golden Dragon.
Only the blood of a generation, can bind the Golden Dragon.
The path begins at the story's ending.

I am uncertain what this strange poem means (given your family's history, I do have guesses) and I hope you will tell me of it the next time we meet. I wish to make permanent your offer of guardianship as soon as possible. I will return to speak with your father as my duties allow. That will I fear, not likely be before the snows fall.
Yours truly

Daniel

P.S. I am sending you my most trusted friend and an old bauble that has been in my family for a long time. At need, do not hesitate to make use of either.

"Do you know what any of those verses mean?" Kristina asked Catherine.
"I'm pretty sure it means he's coming to ask Father's permission to marry Catherine," Julia interrupted. "Although, it seems like an awfully roundabout way of saying it."
"Yes, I picked up on that part," Kristina said. "I meant the parts about the dragon." She looked back to Catherine "What do you think?"
"Well obviously I'm going to say yes," Catherine said.
She was rereading the letter to herself.
"About the translation," Kristina said more slowly and with increasing volume.
Catherine looked startled and a little embarrassed.
"Sorry," she said "my mind must have wandered. I'm not sure what the verses mean, except possibly the first one. Only Julia can, quite literally, read the writing on the wall. I think that may be because of her unique eyes. Legend has it that the first Queen Eleanor also had the 'Eyes of the Dragon'. It's a trait that has been passed down in our family for over a thousand years."
"It would be nice if I had these ugly yellow eyes for a reason," Julia said.
People had been staring at her strange eyes all of her life. Although, as a member of the royal family, no one had made fun of them to her face, Julia had always felt uncomfortable being so obviously different.
"There is nothing ugly about your eyes," Kristina told her, putting an arm around her shoulders and squeezing.
"Thanks," Julia said. Then she turned back to Catherine. "So are you going to unwrap that or not."
"Yes, you can even stay to see what it is."
Catherine untied the intricate knot that held the gold ribbon in place. With the ribbon removed the velvet proved to be a small pouch with a drawstring at the top. Loosening the drawstring, Catherine emptied the pouches contents onto her desk. A delicate gold necklace poured out of the pouch. Hanging on the necklace was a large purple gemstone held in the centre of an intricate gold disc. Ornate symbols ringed the disc. The medallion looked to be of ancient design.
"That's pretty," Julia said, looking down at the many facets of the gemstone. "It looks old too."
Catherine stared silently at the medallion and turned it over in her hands.
"Does that necklace have some special significance," Kristina asked.
Catherine nodded. She was still looking at the medallion.
"It's probably the oldest and most valuable treasure in all of Calambria," she said, so quietly they almost couldn't make out the words. "This medallion belonged to Ariana the last empress of the Old Imperium. She used it to call her lover, the Duke of Calam for aid and thereby escape the Empire in its last days."
"No way," Julia said leaning in to have a closer look. "I just read about that the other day in one of those story books. Before he gave her the medallion, the Duke pricked his finger and stone ate the blood somehow. Then later, Ariana put a drop of her own blood on it, when the first earthquakes stuck the Empire. He sensed she was in trouble, all the way across the ocean, and he came and rescued her."
"That's the story," Catherine agreed.
"It's also why the Calambrians have always thought they were better than the rest of us. Since their royal family is descended from the old Imperial royal family." Kristina added.
Her tone implied that she disagreed with this assessment.
"Do you think Daniel put his blood on it?" Julia asked.
"That seems likely," Catherine said. She slipped the chain over her head and tucked the medallion out of sight under the front of her dress.
***
Catherine waited three days before giving Sir Jeremy her reply, both to Daniel's letter and his gift. Mostly, this was so that Sir Jeremy could properly rest himself and his horses after their days of hard riding. But it was also because Catherine wanted to compose the perfect response. When she was happy with her letter, Catherine sought out Daniel's Captain. She asked one of the Sky Keep's guardsmen to find Sir Jeremy and bring him to her office at his earliest convenience. Sir Jeremy knocked at her open door a short time later.
"Please come in, Sir Jeremy," Catherine told the tall knight. "I trust you are now well recovered from your journey here?"
"I was entirely recovered after a day. It's really the horses that do all the work, and that need more time."
"Yes, of course," Catherine agreed. She offered Sir Jeremy her letter. "Would you please take this to Prince Daniel upon your return?"
"I would be honoured to, your Highness. My Prince has instructed to me to assist you in all matters. Is there anything else you would have me do?"
"Not that I can think of," Catherine smiled. "Although, should my honour need defending in the near future I'll be sure to inform you," she laughed.
Sir Jeremy laughed along with her.
"Princess Catherine," he said, when he'd finished laughing, "I wasn't sure what to expect when Daniel told me of you. If I may say it, I think you are what my Prince needs most."
"And just what is that exactly?"
"A truly good woman," Sir Jeremy said. Catherine blushed at the compliment, but Sir Jeremy hadn't finished, "Daniel has spent much of his life surrounded by those who wished to use him or bring him down. Some simple happiness is long overdue."
"Daniel wrote that you are his truest friend," Catherine probed.
"I am, your Highness. Having a Lord, who is also my trusted friend, and a man I would follow by choice, is the thing I'm most grateful for. I know that the court of the Sky Kingdom is unusually transparent, but in Calambria being able to trust anyone who isn't close blood is a rare thing."
"Would you tell me a story about Daniel?"
Sir Jeremy smiled broadly and seated himself across the desk from Catherine.
"Normally," he began still grinning, "I couldn't tell a proper story about Daniel. He's a very private person. But, my Prince made such a point of placing me at your command. Well, how could I refuse?" Sir Jeremy laughed again.
For much of the afternoon Sir Jeremy told Catherine story after story about her future prince. Listening to the stories, several things became clear to Catherine. The first was that Sir Jeremy and Daniel were indeed close friends. A few of the stories he told from Daniel's childhood were fairly embarrassing and Sir Jeremy told them with a relish that only a close friend or sibling would have had. The second thing Catherine realised was that there was even more to Daniel than she had known. Many rumours of his ruthless leadership had reached the Sky Kingdom and Daniel had the reputation of a man to be feared. Hearing a recounting of the same events from Sir Jeremy, with all the details included, painted a picture of Daniel as simply a young man forced to make hard choices and do what was necessary. As afternoon wore into evening, Catherine thanked Sir Jeremy again for carrying her message and for telling her about Daniel.
Sir Jeremy left the Sky Keep the next morning.

Chapter 29 - Eyes to See
Julia was restless and could no longer sit in her room reading stories despite how exciting some of them were. Rain had been falling since the night before so she also found herself confined inside the Sky Keep. After wandering the castle's hallways and stairwells for a time she eventually found her feet taking her downward to the library to see what Catherine doing. She found Catherine sitting with Master Drake at the end of a long table next to one of the tall windows, cut out of the cliff face. Water ran in rivulets down the window and greyish daylight lit her sister and the old sorcerer as they spoke. Seeing the parchment she'd painstakingly copied on the table between them, Julia turned around quietly before she was drawn into their, she had no doubt, dull discussion. Unfortunately, before she could take a single step in retreat, Master Drake called out to her.
"Ah, Princess Julia," he said loudly, "come, join us. A fresh perspective might be just what we need."
Grudgingly, Julia walked over and sat next to Catherine.
"We've been discussing the translation from Daniel and the map for hours," Catherine told her.
Catherine looked exhausted.
"I don't know what I can add," Julia said. "I'm not any kind of scholar."
"Nonsense," Master Drake said. "Sometimes when you hit a dead end it's another set of eyes that you need." When Julia looked up sharply, he looked into her golden eyes and smiled kindly. "No pun intended."
"This is what we've come up with so far," Catherine began. "The first verse is most likely about you, or rather, someone with your special eyes. After all, if you wanted to keep this map a secret only someone in our family could find, I can't imagine a more secure method."
"I haven't actually found the dragon," Julia said. "I only found an old poem and a map we don't know how to follow."
"It's still more than any of the rest of us has accomplished," Master Drake pointed out.
"The next lines, concerning waking and besting the dragon are, we suspect, instructions for dealing with it," Catherine continued. "If we consider our family's history, and the stories about the first King Roger, then we can see the similarities to how he is said to have gotten a dragon to help free Eleanor from the spell."
"What about the next line with the blood," Julia asked "and binding the dragon?"
"'Only the blood of a generation, can bind the Golden Dragon'," Catherine quoted.
"Yes, that one," Julia said, "That sounds like an awful lot of blood." Both Catherine and Master Drake smiled and Julia felt she must have said something particularly silly. "What?" she asked annoyed.
"We believe," Master Drake explained, "that it means all the current generation of your family must be present to accomplish the binding. After freeing Eleanor from the spell your ancestor, King Roger the First, took the Golden Dragon as the sign of his house. However, that dragon was never seen again. This would imply that Roger restrained the dragon somehow."
"So all six of us need to go and find the dragon?" asked Julia.
She was now very interested in the conversation.
"Yes," Catherine said. "You don't have to be so excited about it."
"I'm just excited you can't all leave me behind for once. How are we going to find the dragon? Have you figured out the map?"
"No," Catherine said, "we've got a map, but we know none of the landmarks shown on it. To make use of it we need to determine at least one of these landmarks to orientate the rest of them. Master Drake and I believe that is what the last line is for. Unfortunately 'The path begins at the story's ending' isn't very helpful."
Julia sat thoughtfully for a moment and then hesitantly shared her ideas with the others who, she was certain, were much smarter than her.
"The story would probably be the story of Roger and Eleanor wouldn't it?" Julia began. When the others both nodded, she went on with renewed confidence. "What if it isn't a tricky riddle at all," Julia paused again, unsure of herself.
"Go on," Catherine encouraged, "what are you thinking?"
"Well, you know that really old book about Roger and Eleanor? The one you wouldn't let me take up to my room?"
"She's talking about the original copy of Roger's Tale," Catherine told Master Drake.
"You let Princess Julia handle it?" Master Drake asked with a hint of reprimand in his voice.
"Cath made me wear gloves," Julia said indignantly, "and I wasn't allowed to eat while I read it."
"You aren't allowed to eat while you read any of the books from the library," Catherine told her sister with far more than just a hint of reprimand in her voice.
"We're moving off topic," Master Drake said. "What is it about that book you remembered?"
"The picture on the last page," Julia said. "It looked a little like the map I think, and that would technically be the story's end, wouldn't it?"
Master Drake and Catherine shared a brief glance and the old sorcerer shrugged.
"I'll get my keys and come back with the book," Catherine said, rising from her seat and heading for her office.
"Why is that book so special?" Julia asked when she was gone. "I mean, the pictures were beautiful, but it definitely wasn't the nicest version of the story I read, and I read a bunch of them."
"Two things at least come to mind," Master Drake told her. "The first is that it's very, very old. It may have been written while Roger and Eleanor still lived. The second," he paused, pursed his lips, and looked at Julia appraisingly before finishing, "is that that manuscript has no illustrations. At least, there were none I ever noticed."
The two sat waiting silently until Catherine returned with the book in question. She set it on the table in front of Julia. As Julia reached out to turn the cover, Catherine caught her wrist and dropped a pair of small white gloves on the table in front of her.
***
As with the wall behind the dragon door, the illustrations in the ancient book proved visible only to Julia's unique golden eyes. Once again, Catherine fetched parchment and charcoal and had Julia copy the illustration on the last page of the book to the best of her ability. Julia discovered that having the "assistance" of both her sister and Master Drake was even less enjoyable than just having Catherine looking over her shoulder had been. Eventually, Julia felt she had produced as good a facsimile of the books final illustration as she was likely to accomplish in any amount of time.
"That's it," she told the others, "my drawing doesn't have the colours, but otherwise I think it's close."
"You've done a fine job," Master Drake told her, examining the drawing.
The image showed a stylized scene with a tall waterfall and two distinctive mountain peaks in the background.
"Do you recognise this?" Catherine asked him, "I can't place it, but there's definitely something familiar about it."
"I not only recognise this place," the old sorcerer said, "I've been there. Although, it was forty years ago, during my misspent youth. You recognise it, Princess Catherine, because you've read Count Gregory Haily's travel journals. He drew from almost that same angle. You have to picture this with a city built up on either side of the river at the base of the falls." 
"Of course," Catherine exclaimed, "it's Tearfel, in northern Arandel. Those mountains would be the Twin Sisters. Julia is this little star right here in the saddle of the mountains on the original illustration?"
"Yes," Julia said double checking to be sure, "and it's the same symbol as I drew on the bottom edge of the map!"
"Then, it would seem the path really does start at the story's end."
***
Late that afternoon, Julia, who hoped a reprieve from the Royal Library might finally have come, received a summons there from her older sisters. She found them, sitting across from each other, at the desk in Catherine's office. The desk was empty for the first time in Julia's memory, except for a small, black, leather bound book. Embossed in gold leaf on the book's cover was the gold dragon of the Sky Kingdom. Both of Julia's sisters looked up at her expectantly when she arrived.
"Hi Julia," Kristina said "I hear you've had quite the day down here."
"Yeah well, eyes to see and all that," Julia said with a smirk. "I don't think I've ever seen this book before." 
Something about the jet-black leather and brilliant gold dragon was mesmerising.
"It's been kept locked up in the Royal Vault for the past thousand years," Catherine said. She handed her the white reading gloves "This book is known as Eleanor's Journal, although no one knows why. It's referred to once in one of the oldest histories, which claims it holds great secrets. No one has ever been able to find any such secrets."
"So you want me to look at it with my fancy eyes," Julia laughed pulling on the gloves. "I'll look, but I'm not doing any more drawing today."
"I just want you to have a look."
Julia gently opened the small book and flipped through its pages. Although the book wasn't large the paper was of a type that was so thin it was almost transparent. When she'd looked throughout the book, she closed it and set it back on the desk.
"I can't read this," she told Catherine pulling off the gloves and dropping them next to the book, "and there are no illustrations I can see."
She shrugged apologetically.
"It was a long shot," Catherine told her, trying to hide her disappointment and not succeeding. "Perhaps, someone will solve this puzzle in another thousand years."
"If that's all you wanted then I'm going to go have dinner now," Julia said and left the office.
Catherine stared at the book.
"Don't let it get you down," Kristina said, after Julia was gone. "Maybe it really is just a book of blank pages that nobody ever wrote in. For all we know 'Eleanor's Journal' may be nothing more than a thousand year old hoax."
"Lots of people have believed so. I guess I wanted to be the one to finally solve this mystery."
***
Julia met the Chancellor in a stairwell on her way up to dinner. He was coming down as she raced up the steps two at a time.
"Hello, Princess," he greeted her. "I understand you made yet another significant contribution today."
"It wasn't anything that anybody with yellow eyes couldn't have done."
"Never the less," Hailgard argued, "it moves us a huge step forward."
"Maybe," Julia conceded, climbing up past the Chancellor, "but Catherine is getting crazy about the whole thing now."
Hailgard raised a quizzical eyebrow and Julia felt the need to explain further.
"I mean, if I can't read five lines of some old dead language. What makes her think I can read a whole book?"
Without waiting for his reply, she continued on her way up to dinner.

Chapter 30 - The Travellers Return
After more than a month away from home Alexandra, Sophia, Laura and Allan rode wearily through the front gates of the Sky Keep. All four had their cloaks drawn tight about them and their hoods up for a small measure of relief from the steady drizzle that had followed them for the last three days of their journey. The only fanfare they received was a salute from the gate guards as they passed by. Alexandra noted that one of the guardsmen had dashed off at the sight of them. By the time the travellers had dismounted and passed their mounts and baggage off to the stable boys, the Chancellor had arrived to greet them at the Sky Keep's tall front doors.
"It's a relief that all of you have returned safely," he told them as they stepped inside out of the drizzle. "Were you successful in your mission?" he asked in a quieter voice.
"That's hard to answer without telling the whole story," Alexandra said. She shook water from her leopard skin cloak.
"I understand, Princess," Hailgard said. "I won't keep you here standing in wet clothing. Shall I arrange a meeting in the council chamber in an hour?"
"That sounds like a good plan," Alexandra agreed. "Please make sure there's hot food too."
"Of course," said Hailgard chuckling. His laughter cut off when the other travellers lowered their hoods.
"Allan," he exclaimed, "what happened to your hair." Allan met his father's eyes. "And your eyes?"
"As Alexandra said, it's a long story, and not one to tell in a hallway." 
Hailgard stared at his changed son for a moment and then looked at Sophia's entirely silver hair.
"Very well," he said finally, placing a hand on Allan's shoulder. "Your mother will obviously want to see you without delay. We'll meet in an hour, Highnesses," he told the girls. "What's in the pack?" he asked Allan.
"Father," Allan said with a tight grin, "everyone knows you can't visit the Dell and not bring back a spider or two."
***
Laura had just changed into some wonderfully dry clothing when Julia came barging into her room. Julia raced over and embraced her tiny sister so vigorously that the two came near to toppling over.
"I just heard that you were back," Julia panted. "I ran all the way up from the library."
"It's good to see you too," Laura said, looking up at her youngest sister fondly. "Where are Kris and Cath?"
"They were in the library too," Julia replied, "but apparently it isn't dignified for princesses to run. So I came on ahead."
"Are we under attack?" Alexandra asked. She entered Laura's room with Sophia right behind her. "It sounded like a cavalry troop just raced down the hallway."
Julia gave the newcomers hugs of their own, and after embracing Sophia she gently grabbed a handful of her hair.
"So the rest went silver after you left?" she asked. "Master Drake said that your hair thing might be kind of a big deal."
"It is a pretty big deal," Sophia agreed placing her hand over Julia's, "but nothing for you to worry about. You'll hear the whole story soon."
Julia looked closely at Sophia. Her golden eyes were unusually intense.
"You seem older," Julia said, "and different too."
"It will all get explained at the meeting," Alexandra assured Julia.
"That's fine. You can wait to hear about what you missed while you were gone."
"I doubt it's as exciting as any of our news," Alexandra said.
She patted Julia on the top of her head.
"You're probably right," agreed Julia, smirking, and heading out the door. "I doubt you'd be interested in secret magic doors, dragons, invisible maps, or love letters from princes anyway."
***
The sisters were gathered in the council chamber. After they'd finished reuniting with one another, each helped themselves to something to eat from the sideboard and sat down at the table.
"The meeting isn't supposed to start for another few minutes," Kristina began "so we can enjoy a bit of a proper family dinner together first."
"It is good to be home," Laura said. "I may sleep all day tomorrow in my big beautiful bed."
"Yes you should get what rest you can," agreed Kristina.
"You say that like we may not enjoy our beds for very long," Alexandra noted.
"It's possible," Kristina said. "We must make our plans when we have all the information out on the table."
As Kristina spoke, Allan entered the council chamber behind her. He dished up a plate of food for himself and took the empty seat next to Sophia.
"Princesses," he said by way of greeting "It's good to see you again."
"It's good to see you too, Allan," Kristina said, taken aback at his appearance.
"What happened to your hair, and your eyes," Julia asked from across the table. "You look kind of like Sophia now."
Allan and Sophia shared a warm smile. Kristina looked from one to the other.
"I defiantly want to hear this story," she said.
At that moment Hailgard and Master Drake entered the room.
"I think Princess Kristina, that we will save time and confusion," the Chancellor suggested, "if we tell our news in reasonable order."
***
For the next couple of hours, each group told the other about their activities over the past month. Many questions were asked and this stretched the time it took to tell everything. When there seemed nothing more to tell, Kristina decided that it was time to move on.
"As far as restoring Father goes," she began, "we are now halfway to accomplishing our goal. We have the spider in our possession and it's locked securely in the vault. We also have the translation from Prince Daniel and it gives us at least a clue as to where to begin with the map. However, we are no closer to knowing who poisoned Father in the first place or why. Is there anything I'm missing?" 
"I'm afraid that there is, Princess," Master Drake told Kristina, "there are matters I must, as a member of the High Council of the Conclave, bring up, no matter how much it saddens me personally to do so."
"I thought the Conclave stays neutral in inter-kingdom politics," Kristina said.
"And so we do," Master Drake went on, obviously unhappy at what he was about to say. "The issue is not the King's condition, but rather the situation with Princess Sophia and Sir Allan."
Master Drake paused and looked sadly at Sophia as if unsure how to continue. Sophia smiled kindly at her mentor and finished for him.
"What Master Drake is saying," Sophia told the rest of them, "is that I can no longer be his apprentice and that he can't associate with me. Also that, as a self-professed practitioner of dark magic, the Conclave must cast me out entirely. Allan is now, by the standards of the Conclave, in the same category. Possibly, they may consider him a witch."
"I am sorry Sophia," Master Drake said.
"I knew the consequences, and I made my choice," Sophia said. "I would make the same choice again."
"There are other consequences beyond just your membership," Master Drake said, turning back to Kristina "While the Conclave doesn't mettle in the politics of the kingdoms it has maintained standards of compliance that have been in place since the Great Purge."
"No," shouted Catherine. She rose angrily to her feet on the far side of the table.
"It's been almost a thousand years since the sanctions have been used," Master Drake said, pushing past Catherine's outburst, "but the laws are still in place and most members of the Conclave agree with them wholeheartedly."
"And what laws are those?" Kristina asked the old sorcerer.
"He wants them to be banished," Catherine said angrily, glaring at Master Drake, "or executed."
"I want nothing of the sort," Master Drake protested. "Sophia could be no dearer to me if she were my own daughter and Allen is the son of my closest friend. Even if I turned a blind eye, it wouldn't make any difference at this point. Many others felt the spell Sophia cast to save Allan. I've already received a dozen letters asking what I know."
"And what have you answered?" Kristina asked.
"Nothing yet," Master Drake replied. "Until today, I technically didn't know anything for sure. From this point on, I can no longer pretend ignorance."
"What do we care what a bunch of Sorcerers and Sorceresses in the other kingdoms think anyway?" Julia asked "It's not like they can make us do anything here."
"The Conclave of Sorcerers holds a lot of sway in some of the kingdoms," Catherine explained to Julia. "At the time of the Great Purge, agreements were made between the kingdoms. Any realm proven to be supporting dark magic would be at best ostracised by the others and at worst, forcibly liberated."
"So they either close their borders or attack us?" Alexandra asked.
"It's never happened," Catherine said, "but yes, the mutual agreements between the kingdoms and the Conclave amount to just that."
Her explanation was followed by an uncomfortable silence.
"I will have to meet with the other four members of the High Counsel and discuss the matter," Master Drake said breaking the silence. "I fear my single vote will not affect the outcome."
"Couldn't they just wear the Bracelets of Binding?" Catherine asked the old sorcerer.
The ability to use magic typically manifested itself at puberty. Magic users in the Seven Kingdoms were given a choice when they discovered that they had the gift. They could join the Conclave and adhere to its strict rules, or they could accept a set of enchanted bracelets which could not be removed. The bracelets acted to block the individual's ability to use magic and allowed them to stay in the kingdoms legally and live ordinary lives. Most chose the Conclave and the privileges that came with membership.
"No," Master Drake told her, "I don't believe that would be an option for Princess Sophia and Sir Allan." He looked to Sophia who shook her head. "They are bound by magic and that bond now keeps both of them alive. Cutting either or both off would result in their deaths."
"Well I'm not banishing my sister and I'm not going to let anyone execute them," Kristina said. "You'll have to a wait until Father is able to give his decision on the matter."
"I'll buy you time to restore the King," Master Drake told Kristina. "It would seem that Princess Sophia will be necessary to bind the dragon again, regardless of what comes after. I don't think that any of the High Council would be so eager to see them prosecuted that they would want a dragon set loose on the Arros to do so. It will then become an issue for the King to address."
"It's late," Hailgard said. "And some of you have already had a long day on the road. I think we should all think and sleep on what we've learned and continue tomorrow."
No one disagreed with his suggestion.

Chapter 31 - The Next Step
The following morning, with everyone better rested, they met again in the council chamber, to figure out what their course of action should be.  When everyone was settled in, Kristina began.
"It seems to me our next step is finding Roger's dragon," she said, looking around table. When no one objected, she continued, "Thanks to Julia, Catherine and Master Drake we now know where to start. The biggest challenge will be figuring out how the six of us can take a several months long voyage to Arandel and not have people notice. Already, I'm sure plenty of people are wondering at Father's absence."
"It's now little more than a month and a half until the first snows fall," Hailgard pointed out. "Once the passes are blocked, all traffic with the lowland kingdoms will stop for six months. Since the King is entirely stable, I suggest waiting until the first flakes fall, and then travelling to Eastlund Castle.  From there a disguise can be used to travel across Eastlund to one of the port cities. Next, passage on a ship to Tearfel will need to be secured. Ships sail right up the river to Tearfel. From there, it should just be a matter of hiking into the mountains and following the map.  Of course, things rarely end up going so smoothly."
"Will we be able to find a ship's captain willing to sail the winter seas?" asked Catherine. "Storms and sea serpents are at their worst at that time of year."
"It will unquestionably have to be on an Arandish ship," Master Drake answered, "but the Arands sail throughout the year.  The price of passage will likely just be much higher."
"What story will you tell those who wish to see Father for the months we'll be gone?" Kristina asked Hailgard.
"I believe in six weeks' time, a new lie with a little truth in it would be best," he said. "I will say the King has fallen ill and is too sick to receive visitors. The snow will shield the Kingdom from any outside threat, and it should give you a more than adequate opportunity to find the dragon and achieve a cure. I'm less certain how to explain where all of you have gone." 
Everyone considered this thoughtfully for a few minutes.
"Jennifer's birthday party," Alexandra suggested to no one in particular.
"Brilliant," Kristina said. "And as the Chancellor pointed out, it has a bit of truth to sell the lie."
The other girls were nodding in agreement, but the three men looked confused.  Kristina, seeing their puzzled expressions, explained.
"Every year Jennifer Easton, Barron Davin of Eastmarch's daughter, invites us to her birthday celebration.  We never go because it's so close to the first snowfall that we'd risk being trapped at Eastlund Castle for the entire winter."
"And because she's very annoying," Julia added. Kristina frowned her younger sister into silence.
"She is quite annoying," Kristina agreed after a moment. "This year we'll ignore all of that and attend the party."
"An excellent excuse, Highness," Hailgard told Alexandra. "But there are still other important issues we need to address.  The first, is keeping you as well protected as is possible.  Eastlund and Arandel may not be as dangerous as the Vale of Halros, but this journey will still be fraught with risk.  Also, we don't have any real idea about who our enemy is.  If an assassination attempt can be made here, and there are traitors among us, then we must take all the precautions we can."
"I will go with them," Allan said.
"I understand your wish to do so," Hailgard replied. "But your hair and your eyes will now make you conspicuous wherever you travel.  Added to Princess Sophia's matching appearance, it will make you stand out all the more."
"There are dyes that can be tried for our hair," Allan argued, "and witches can make their eyes any colour that they choose.  Possibly, we can figure out how to do so."
"Allan has to come with us," Sophia said firmly. "Our bond continues to grow. I don't think we can move ten miles apart from one another, let alone hundreds.  Just being at different ends of the Keep has already become slightly uncomfortable."
"Akin to a very powerful bonding with a familiar," mused Master Drake.
"Yes, exactly," Sophia said. "One way or another, we must stay together."
"Hats and hoods will go a long way toward disguising our hair," Allan added. "Another warrior or two might also be a good idea, depending on how we travel. Stealth will serve us better than extra swords."
"We have six weeks to consider how we might disguise ourselves," Kristina said. "Hopefully, in that time, one of us will come up with something workable."
***
That evening, Alric and Elaine Hailgard sat together on the comfortable sofa in their sitting room. As had been part of their daily ritual for the three decades they'd been man and wife, each quietly studied the documents which formed a cornerstone of their respective professions. Periodically, one would ask the other's opinion on a trade agreement or matter of politics, but the real reason for their evening "meeting" was that even after thirty years of marriage, Alric and Elaine were still very much in love. Elaine was finding it hard to focus on the reports in front of her. Finally, she set them back onto the stack on her end table and stared at her husband. The Chancellor, feeling the weight of his wife's eyes, set down his own papers and turned to look at her.
"Well?" he asked.
"What are we going to do about Allan?"
The question had been worrying Elaine from the moment their only son had returned so very changed by his most recent adventure.
"I don't know how much we can do. It may be something which is simply beyond our abilities to affect."
"I refuse to accept that," Elaine said. "For the last twenty years we've done a large share of running this kingdom. I'm not going to let a bunch of self-satisfied, and self-serving leaches like the Conclave banish my son and I'm certainly not going to let anyone execute him."
She stared fiercely at her husband, daring him to contradict her.
"No one is going to execute Allan," Hailgard promised her. "It's one more reason why it's so important to cure Alain and restore him to the throne. I expect he'll feel the same way about Sophia. They are, as she puts it, 'a matched set' now. Besides, those rules were made a long time ago, and not all the Conclave members are so bad."
"The good ones are few and far between," Elaine argued. "Drake is a good man and there are likely others. But I read reports from all across Arros. I assure you, Drake is the rare exception, not the rule."
"It will be for the King to decide," Hailgard said. "I'd trust Alain's judgement with Allan's life as I trust it with his own daughter's. We couldn't even convince him to let any of the girls be fostered with other families or travel out of the Kingdom. I don't think we have to worry about him throwing Sophia or Allan to the Conclave."
"Maybe," Elaine replied, "but there'll be a lot of pressure from some of the lowland kingdoms. What will he do if he has to choose between our children and war?"
"He'll do what's right for the Kingdom. The same as you or I would."
"That's exactly what I'm afraid of," Elaine said.
She moved over so he could put his arms around her.
***
Allan and Sophia were both in bed. Although those beds were on opposite sides of the Sky Keep, they were still very much together. Speaking directly to each other's minds had become effortless since Allan's transformation on the roof of the North Keep. Sophia called out to Allan gently in case he was already asleep.
Allan, are you awake? She sent.
Yes, he replied. I've been thinking.
Me too, what have you been thinking about?
You know. The usual. Banishment and being burned alive, that sort of thing.
His thoughts conveyed an undertone that told her he wasn't worried, and a warm feeling that Sophia could later only describe as what a smile feels like.
This is serious, she sent, and Allan felt the reprimand that came with the thought.
I know, Allan answered somewhat more seriously. But, we have so much still to figure out and to do to save your father. I just don't see any point in worrying about our situation ahead of time. Besides, the worst that's likely to happen is we'll be banished from the Seven Kingdoms. The Conclave doesn't hold sway everywhere, and we can find somewhere else to live if we must. Allan sent reassurance along with his words.
That only leaves the Vale of Halros and Arandel, Sophia sent back. Allan could feel that she wasn't particularly trilled with either prospect.
The Vale isn't so bad in the south where Stave lives, and we don't really know what Arandel is like. Although, soon we'll find out! Either way, it doesn't matter.
How can you say that?
Because, Allan replied with so much certainty and love it stunned Sophia, it will be with you.

Epilogue
Although the meeting at the Dell's round lake was months ahead of schedule, all three of the conspirators were on time.  Elf, witch and fairy met for the second time in as many months. The ancient beings wasted no breath on greetings and certainly had no pleasantries to offer one another. Galienth, High King of the Dark Elves, and last of his line, began without preamble.
"Our plan seems to have moved off course," he said.
"Yes," agreed the witch, "the girl's spell was unexpected. Still, the Mountain King has been taken out of play, possibly for good."
"And what of her other spell?" asked the tiny Fairy Queen. "Its power was almost unprecedented. Second only to the Great Devastation, I believe. To say it was surprising would be something of an understatement."
"How is your youngest daughter?" the Elf King asked the witch. His voice carried an undertone of cruel delight.
"My daughter has learned a costly lesson about patience and carelessness," the witch replied. "They took the spider with them," she went on. "It raises the possibility that the King's life might yet be saved."
"If memory serves, they will still require the aid of a certain dragon," the Fairy Queen told the witch. "If you've done all you claim to have done, then binding him again will prove quite difficult."
"I removed the last link in that chain weeks ago," the witch said.
"Well then," Galienth smiled, "things may work out even better than planned."

End of Book 1

Appendix
People
Kristina Eleanor Ballantine - The eldest princess of the Sky Kingdom and heir to the throne.

Catherine Ballantine - The second eldest princess of the Sky Kingdom. She is also the Assistant Chief Librarian of the Royal Library and known for her intelligence.

Alexandra Grace Ballantine - The third eldest princess of the Sky Kingdom. She is the most travelled of the sisters and a skilled tracker.

Laura Elisabeth Ballantine - The fourth born princess of the Sky Kingdom. She is the smallest of the sisters and has a strong affinity to the natural world.

Sophia Ballantine - The fifth born princess of the Sky Kingdom. She has the gift of magic and is apprenticed to the Conclave of Sorcerers.

Julia Ballantine - The sixth born of the princesses. She has rare golden eyes that only occur every seventh generation in the Ballantine family.

Alain Roger Ballantine - The King of the Sky Kingdom and the father of the princesses.

Stave - A mountain man who lives in the Vale of Halros and who is friends with Allan. He was originally from the island of Arandel.

Allan Hailgard - Son of Alric and Elaine. He holds the post of Royal Huntsman and is a Knight of the Sky Kingdom. Allan is also a childhood friend of the princesses.

Alric Hailgard - Chancellor of the Sky Kingdom. He is more commonly called by his family name.

Elaine Hailgard - The wife of Alric Hailgard and the Sky Kingdom's spymaster.

Master Drake - The sorcerer who is training Sophia and an advisor to the King. He is also one of the five leaders of the Conclave of Sorcerers.

Daniel Calam - The younger brother of King Arron and the next in line for the throne of Calambria. He holds the posts of Prime Minister and High Marshal.

Mariven - A young witch from the Dell of Halros.

Jared Frostbane - A captain in the King's Rangers and the leader of the Wolf Company.

Jan Aspry - A prince from Jesal who is second in line to the throne.

Darryl Ell - A prince from Sutlund who is second in line to the throne.

Additional Information
The Five Great Spells - The five most powerful spells known to the Conclave of Sorcerers. One of the five is the "Crystal Sleep", which places a person or thing inside a stasis field.

The Great Purge - The name given to the years of war and persecution which drove all non-human magical races out of the seven kingdoms of Arros. The last remaining safe haven for these peoples was the Vale of Halros.

The Great Devastation - A spell cast by the first and the last alliance of the magical races of Arros. The spell resulted in the destruction of the Old Imperium and the deaths of the majority of its castors.

The Conclave of Sorcerers - An organization of spell casters which controls the use of magic in the Seven Kingdoms. All magic users must join or give up the use of their abilities.

The Old Imperium - The fallen empire, where most of the human population of Arros originated.


Dear Reader,

I hope you enjoyed The Spiders of Halros. For more information, better maps, and excerpts from Book 2: The High Priestess you can visit my website.

http://www.pdkalnay.com/the-arros-chronicles.html

If you enjoyed this book, please recommend it to a friend or better yet, two friends.

Thank you,
Peter Kalnay

