

Achilles vs. Mecha-Hector
A Bronzepunk Adventure

Jesse Beeson Tate

Copyright  2015 Jesse Tate
Distributed by Smashwords
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted by any means - electronic, mechanical, photographic (photocopying), recording, or otherwise - without prior permission in writing from the author.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for you own use only, please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. If you choose to ignore this warning, may the Di Inferni nibble on your bones for all eternity.
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com
Learn more information at:
www.AuthorTheHun.com
www.facebook.com/AuthorTheHun

CONTENTS
Acknowledgments
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Intermission
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
About The Author
Appendix

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
Thank you to all my friends and family who supported me on this strange journey of discovery, but most especially for Emily

And Scout

Chapter 1
"Cease! Cease! The omens portent murder this day! The gods are displeased!"
"No, fucking shit, of course there's going to be a murder. There's a bloody war going on outside the gates."
Hippolytus, the High Priest of Apollo, looked miffed. "Listen," he said, "I know your job is to charge out the gates and start hacking a bunch of filthy, sheep shagging Greeks to death and not to say think, or reason, but just give me a moment to explain."
Strax grunted and spat at his feet. Generally, most priests would consider this an assault on their august body and therefore subject to the harshest punishments that their simple little minds could think of. But Hippolytus was a former soldier with the Prince's Guard. He simply spat back and continued.
"Stop the duel!" He walked out onto the parade ground. Or what was left of the parade ground. Twelve years of war had reduced it to a flat piece of dirt, strewn with bits of battered bronze and dead grass. The Greek warriors that had assembled for the contest began murmuring amongst themselves.
"What's all this about?" This was Menelaus, the Spartan king and impotent bastard who had started this war. "I came here expecting some black Trojan blood to be spilled." Cheers greeted his pronouncement. My own entourage started hissing and booing. Strax spat again, the thick yellowish wad flying high into the air then landing on the grass a few scant feet from Menelaus. I always wished I could do that. Perhaps Kalkeus could upgrade the muscles in my mouth. After the duel
"In fact, I think your vaunted warrior is afraid to face Greek weaponry!" More cheers. "The mighty Achilles, known from the Pillars of Hercules to the gates of the Hellespont for his bravery will-"
"Oh shut it," Hippolytus said. He hobbled over to the Greek contingent. His bad leg always troubled him this time a year. The cold contracted the metal in his leg or some nonsense.
"Now listen. Haul out some of your effete boy humping priests and they'll concur. The omens are all wrong. Blood is going to be spilled, but not in sacred combat. It'll be in defiance of the gods' will for those on earth. Someone who the gods decreed to live will have his cord cut short by the hand of the Fates."
Now Menelaus began to look concerned. He inclined his head minutely at a subordinate who ran off back towards the Greek camp. It occurred to me that in the epics, the speaker would just skip ahead to the next bit of action. Not so in real life. The two camps stood there in silence. Hippolytus leaned heavily on his staff to keep the weight off his bad foot. The Spartan king inclined his head again and a coterie of slaves hurried to set out chairs, a table, and a small feast in front of him and his retinue. He gave no indication that the lame priest of Apollo should join them, or at least sit down.
"Strax, grab my weapons."
"Axe and spear, sir?"
"I think those shall suffice."
"Yes, sir." The grizzled old warrior shouldered the burden. His eyebrows went up when he saw me grab three stools and the sacrificial brazier. We walked over to Hippolytus and I arranged them around the brazier. A few strikes of my fingers set it smoking again. Hippolytus sat down gratefully. Strax rummaged in the pack and brought out a thick loaf of field bread.
"Daphne claimed she put some hazelnuts in it," he murmured as he pulled the bread into three pieces. We ate in silence. There were hazelnuts in the bread, not many, but enough to remind me of a time when they were plentiful. Before the siege had started and with it, my new job: Champion of Troy.
"Hippolytus, are the omens really that bad?" I asked. He stopped chewing and stared at me. He was a gray, thin man with wispy hair that settled around his head as if attempting to hide his baldness. Green eyes stared at me from under the bushy eyebrows and weathered skin of a former soldier.
"By the golden hairs on Apollo's shiny ass, there are going to be some very bad days ahead of us. Not just murder either. Something much more terrible." Strax swore under his breath and made a sign to ward off evil. Then he resumed eating.
"That bad, eh?" He leaned forward towards me.
"Send your family away from the city. Send them to Egypt or the Punic colonies. The Greeks have long since given up on the blockading anything but food caravans. Daphne too, Strax. Send her as a handmaiden to Helen or Cass. A small band with a few guards will have no trouble at all."
Strax made to say something, but a commotion from the Greek contingent interrupted him. "Make way for Lord Achilles!" These Greeks and their insistence on having heralds to shout their names for the whole city to hear. Not to mention all the standard bearers and people to carry their armor and weapons. I had Strax. We split the equipment between us, and if we needed to move through a crowd we just shoved them aside.
The twits at Menelaus's table scampered to their feet as the Greek warrior approached. Achilles may have been the ugliest man alive at that time. The bastard had a face like a bullfrog and the physique of a bull. He was quick, I'll grant that readily, but he was built like a stonemason. His face been boyishly handsome once. These days it was like the wreckage of a once fine galley: all broken and battered by time and relentless fighting. His hair was vaguely blonde with thick gray tufts infesting it. He was a few years shy of me yet his pallor and stoney demeanor gave the impression he was far older. Scars crisscrossed his arms where they showed from the armor; including a few from me. He was not the best swordsman out there, but he was unrelenting in his attack and completely impervious to pain. These days his face held a permanent scowl. It only deepened when he saw the scraps from the Greek table. Menelaus attempted to meet his gaze, but had to look away after a few moments.
"The Lord Hercules deigns us with his presence," Strax muttered.
"Careful, that man is a demon," Hippolytus said. He was walking towards us now.
"Prince Hector."
"Lord Achilles."
One of his party hastily fetched a chair from the table for him and he sat down heavily. One of Menelaus's servants brought him a platter filled with food.
"This is what they eat at the tents of the great lords," he said, "I prefer simpler fare." He let the plate fall to the ground. I glanced at Strax, who shrugged and rummaged in his pack once more. This new field loaf was divided into four pieces amid much muttering from Strax. Achilles contributed a small skin of Cretan wine. I wasn't concerned if it was poisoned. The man was not subtle enough for something like that.
Hippolytus went through the proper rites and we fell to our food. This may seem odd, that mortal enemies such as we would sit and eat together, but it was not so uncommon in those days. The cycle of war and peace meant men were foes one day, friends the next, depending on whose client you were. I had fought alongside many of the besieging Greek lords on more than one occasion and I was confident it would happen again.
A few minutes of uneasy silence pervaded while we ate. Strax and Hippolytus kept glancing at me. What they were looking for was beyond me, but every so often they gave each other knowing looks of intrigue. Finally, Achilles belched and brushed the crumbs from his armor.
"What's this I hear about the omens being wrong for a duel?" he asked bluntly. An arrow wound to his throat had reduced his once fine voice to a rumbling croak. My brother was never the best archer. Or the bravest warrior, since he had shot it from the walls instead of venturing into the field of battle. By some great miracle Paris had been able to find his mark from such a great distance. It was by an ever greater miracle that Achilles survived it.
"Our good priest of Apollo has seen ill omens," I replied. He nodded sagely.
"The omens are a tricky business. I couldn't rouse any of the priests from their mid-afternoon slumber, but I am inclined to believe you. Something is wrong in the air. Some foulness pervades this land." He looked over the now desolate parade ground as he spoke and let his gaze settle on Menelaus. The Greeks had all forgotten their own meal and were now unashamedly watching our little picnic party. From the ramparts on the walls behind us, Trojan heads did the same. I could spot the Royal Family despite the distance. They were decked out in all their finery and attended by a small horde of servants. The throne of the King had even been hauled up atop the walls. It sat beneath a brilliant reproduction of the banner of our long lost homeland, Gnosis. Or what we assumed to be the banner of that lost city; the shroud of time obscured the true origin of the design.
The King seemed absent, but I spotted my garishly dressed prophet siblings, Helenus and Cassandra. Both had declined to utter a single prophecy about this duel; instead they had muttered vaguely about the will of the gods above and below. They were strange pair; how Helenus could be made Chamberlain was beyond me. The King seemed fond of him though.
"That could be the latest cycle of dead," Strax said. "You Greeks didn't bury them deep enough, and the scavengers have gotten to them." Achilles's laugh was a low rumbling gurgle that seemed to resonate from the disfigured scar on his throat.
"Ah, Strax, when this unpleasantness between our nations is over I look forward to beating the war drum again with you. But no, not that. Not anything tangible." He scanned the skies over us as if watching for an omen from the gods. After a moment, he shook his head.
"This duel has to happen soon," he said. "Agamemnon is losing his grip on the assembled nations. The only thing keeping them tied together is his promise to loot your treasury and the thought of seeing your blood on the sand again."
"I've already consented to this duel, despite the protestations of my closest advisors, I might add," I replied. "But who understands the will of the gods? Hopefully the sight of me cutting your head from your shoulders will finally convince your kings to go home."
"We shall see. That dog Menelaus wants it to be as soon as possible, no matter what the gods decree."
"Then perhaps he should fight it in your stead."
At this Achilles laughed again; I shuddered at the noise. "I would be your sword bearer and strap your armor if it meant getting to watch you gut that pathetic little lizard. If only. No, it must be we. You and I. My men require it of me and your honor of you."
"Then we must not delay it too long. We shall take augers again in three days. If the gods are pleased then it shall go forward." Hippolytus concurred with my plan. It was best not to bug the gods too many days in a row. Achilles rose from his chair and stretched.
"Well, time to get out of this armor. Keep your boys inside the wall and I'll restrict mine to the camp," Achilles said. "That should help keep the peace until our duel can be arranged."
"Agreed." I inclined my head minutely to him; he did the same then turned on his heel and walked away. I didn't see any point in staying either. We shouldered our burdens and marched back to the gates. I banged on the tiny portico and a nervous looking guard finally let us in.
"M-m-messge for you m-m-m-my Lord," he sputtered. I couldn't blame him for being scared. My appearance did that to a lot of people. I would have to discuss more natural features with Kalkeus at the temple. There had to be some way to cover the metal mechanisms that allowed me use of my left arm. At least the armor covered the worst of my legs and back. The wreckage of my spine was enough to unnerve the toughest of men.
I glanced at the message and cursed. The King wanted to see me immediately in the throne room. This didn't bode well for me; the duel had been touted as the final battle of this miserable siege. A great banquet had been planned and many of our last food reserves had been broken into to prepare the King's feast. The city was already draped in the bright finery to prepare for my victory. The King had proclaimed the end of the war.

My brother, King Paris of Troy, did not like to be wrong.

Chapter 2
I found myself in Paris's throne room faster than I would've liked. The place was much gaudier than it had been during my father's reign. For one thing, the somber banners of Trojan victories past had been replaced. My brother was never the most competent swordsman, or bowman, or statesman for that matter, and so he had replaced them with banners depicting spectacular hunts and chases. None of them depicted him, but rather they were the generic types most often found in the houses of wealthier merchants. The throne itself was more opulent, despite the scarcity of precious metals due to the war. It was a brilliant, golden affair with the massive Trojan lion engraved on its back. The eyes were red rubies with the black onyx claws, sharpened to a point. Why, I don't know. I'd sat on it once and didn't find it to my taste. A seat cushion would've made it tolerable at least.
I suppose Paris was never the best decorator either. So what was he good at?
Wooing barely nubile Greeks was the big one. Cadging free drinks at whatever dive he happened to be slumming in at the time. Convincing idiots that he knew the proper course of action in times of crisis. The first and last talents were firmly to blame for the army of incensed Greeks camped outside our town for the past twelve years. Well, partially to blame at least
"Hector!"
A small compact bundle of energy sideswiped me and nearly brought me to the ground. Steam billowed from my rear exhaust port as my stabilizers kicked in. I looked down into the most beautiful eyes in the whole world. Helen of Sparta, or Troy now I guess, looked up at me with a look of utter adoration. She was a smallish girl, with elfish features and radiant black hair that complimented her green eyes. I suspect she was also a little simple in the head, but I didn't hold that against her. Unlike most inbred Greek royalty she was kind hearted and caring of even the smallest creatures. Especially the small creatures. Her insect collection was extraordinary and expansive.
She disengaged hastily at the last puff of steam. "You must have Kalkeus reroute your exhaust to someplace more discreet."
"The rear hole was already conveniently in place, Helen," I replied. I couldn't help but smile at her. The Queen of Troy dressed in the clothes that one of poorer temples would place on their acolytes. The modesty of dress only enhanced her famed beauty. She could reduce the most hardened man in the army to muttering idiocy while in her presence.
"I suppose, but perhaps it could come out your ears, like in the farce plays," she said, brightening at the thought of such childish entertainments. Her eyes twinkled mischievously. I signaled over her shoulder for her guard to make themselves scarce. They were all gray bearded veterans, over fifty years of age, with many battle scars and physical deformities. Paris may indulge in more than his own fair share of philandering, but he'd be damned if his Queen was going to as well. The captain of the detail tapped his nose knowingly as he walked away. What was left of his nose anyway. Silas had grappled with Ajax the Greater in the early years of the war. He walked away alive, walking being almost a miracle in itself, but he bore a permanent reminder of the encounter on his face.
She graced them each with a smile as they trooped away. One and all smiled as if the goddess Aphrodite had just lifted her skirt to them. Those men of the Maiden's Guard would die before they would let anything happen to her. On her bad days even I had to difficulty getting past them.
We were finally alone in the great expanse of the throne room. Statues of my ancestors made an even row to my left, but being dead, they hardly counted anymore. Helen began idly playing with the hem of the simple white dress; her countenance suddenly serious.
"Is something on your mind, my Queen?" I asked. She was easy to read.
"Paris is in a foul mood. He watched from the ramparts the way you and Achilles just sat there and ate instead of fighting."
"Hippolytus read bad omens, so we agreed to postpone the duel." I attempted what passed for a shrug these days.
"Oh, I know that, but my husband is still very angry about it."
"Where is he?"
"In the gymnasium with his weapon trainers." I had to try hard to hold in a laugh at the thought of him training with sword and shield. Instead a little gust of steam exited my port hole. She laughed, like the twirl of a rustic pan flute. You couldn't really blame this girl for the war. She had been perhaps fifteen when my brother had wooed her away from dour Sparta with promises of wealth and adoration and the good life in Troy. Well, the good life had lasted a year, until the black dots of the Greek ships sailed over the horizon. The mediocre life had last another two years, until she had found out about Paris' assortment of mistresses. These days, they put on a good show for the common folk, but in truth, Helen of Troy may have been the loneliest person I knew.
"I suppose I should go and find him," I said wearily. "Wish I'd thought to bring Hippolytus so he could explain the omens."
"It wouldn't matter. He would have insisted on it anyway."
"The people of Troy need their champion back." I said. It was an all too familiar mantra I had picked up from my brother and his cronies. They would whisper poison in his ear, as they had done for the past three years, ever since my father abdicated. Even Cassandra whispered less doom than they did.
"And you need to stop listening to others. The rest of my kinsmen will leave eventually. They've seen how some of their fellow rulers have lost their kingdoms. The trickle of departing armies will turn into a flood. There is no reason for you to pick back up the mantle of Champion just yet," she told. Her voice betrayed her true opinion of that notion. I turned to face the row of statues; they were all past champions and heroes of Troy. Most were armed and generally carried some bloody body part of a now dead foe. All wore the disapproving looks that centuries of war and pillaging had engraved on Trojan faces. They offered no guidance to me except perhaps to shave my beard. Our carvers could never master the intricacies of our hereditary facial hair.
"Menelaus is putting the pressure on Achilles to finish the job he botched the first time. Paris is likewise telling me to reclaim my honor and the honor of Troy."
"Ignore them," she pleaded. Her hands gripped mine into a fist. My own were massive and gnarled compared to her delicate white fingers. Dice and swords were the only thing I could ever handle with care. Hers looked like they could spin gold from sheep shit and twine. I had to break away from her grip. It brought back too many memories.
"I can't. Those two Kings are far too likeminded to give up. Perhaps they should fight instead." This last phrase was said in jest, but it still brought silence to Helen. Mentions of her ex-husband always made her uncomfortable. I regretted bringing him up at all. During the last of our semi-annual peace conferences the bastard had claimed her head on a pike would end the war forever. The barely audible sob that escaped her lips had brought my blood to a boil. In my anger, I had hurled a plate at him and concussed the pompous ass. In the ensuing fight, Strax had bundled her over his shoulder while we fought our way back to our battle line with the rest of the Maiden's Guard. Strax had vowed never to wash the hand that touched her royal bottom. He relented after his wife threatened to chop the offending hand off.
"Come," I said, extending my arm to her, "Let's go watch your husband get the tar beaten out of him by his trainers. I think we both could use a laugh." I was careful to extend my mostly meat side to her which she took with all the grace of a true Greek princess. With that, we promenaded through the throne like some happy pre-siege couple on our way to the banquets. I tried to ignore the heat of her small body against mine and the euphoria that swept over me.
We kept the conversation light as we strolled through the halls of the palace. I let her carry the conversational burden for the most part. Inevitably her bug collection came up; she recited the names of all the butterflies and beetles and vermin now safely encased in the glass. She also expressed her characteristic sadness at having to take their lives.
"You've stopped speaking, brother-in-law," she said, snapping me out of my reverie. "Do you wish to discuss something else?"
"No, no please keep going. It's nice to hear someone talk about something besides the war."
"Well, I had Apollodorus open a side gate for me so I could continue chasing a very rare looking butterfly" Her voice turned to a drone as we approached the gymnasium where my brother trained. My insides were gradually turning to ice. I could hear his voice in my head. By not fighting the duel, I had let my people down. Children would starve because of me. I could feel my muscles tensing, the complex rotors and gyros kicking into overdrive.
"Hector. You're hurting me." I looked down and saw I had been squeezing Helen's waist against mine. It wasn't a protest. She didn't raise her voice. Her eyes met mine and the fire inside reignited. I pulled her towards me as gently as I could. We kissed. The passion melted my insides and turned my muscles to liquid. I fought off the torrent of heat that tried to engulf us both. It was an inferno that burned more fiercely than the furnace inside me. Hotter than the spokes of Helios' chariot. Brighter than the love of my wife and child, consumed by the fires of war and pestilence. The passion gave way to an engulfing sadness as their last strangled cry echoed in my head.
We broke off and my head sunk into the crook of her neck. She wrapped her arms around my head and cooed softly while I cried. Great racking sobs were muffled by her dress and her own muted words. We stood there for what seemed like ages. It must have only been a minute. She brought my head up level with hers.
"It must be awful," she whispered. "To carry so much."
Speech would not come to me. I could only stare in her eyes, lost.
A polite cough brought us back to the palace. It was my brother and the King's Chamberlain, Helenus. The oily little snake at least had the decency to look discreet.
"The King shall see you now, sir," he intoned solemnly before the slightest laugh slipped from his girlish mouth. His eyes turned towards Helen. He didn't bother to hide his lust. I quickstepped the distance between us until my face was mere inches from his.
"A toadying, lickspittle like you should have to the decency to bow to your Queen and Crown Prince and give them their proper titles." His eyes fairly blazed in fury, but he began to bow. His joints creaked as he descended into the low obeisance not normally demanded from members of the Royal Family, as if his body was trying to defy the orders of his brain. Helen had put on her most imperious face.
"See that you don't forget again," she said regally then turned and walked away. She threw me a gentle, sad smile as she strode down the hallway and disappeared from sight.
Helenus made to get up, but I placed a mailed boot against his neck.
"Keep your eyes off her, lech," I said. "Or I'll rip them out and feed them to my hounds."
He remained silent except for the gritting of teeth. I made to walk away, but stopped short at his inaudible muttering. I stooped down next to him. "You'll need to speak up," I growled. I gripped his hair and brought his face up from the ground.
"Always keeping her for yourself, Your Highness." he repeated, much louder this time. With a flick of a metal enhanced wrist I smashed his head into the ground. I rose and walked away from his unconscious body.
"Lord Helenus has had an accident," I told the first gymnasium attendant I saw. He rushed off to fetch others. I should've just killed the wretch. Maybe it would've distracted Paris from the real point of our meeting. I heard the racket of swordplay from one of the interior rooms. The King would be there, practicing his gods-awful swordplay.
I began to wish I had come armed for this meeting.

Chapter 3
Four men surrounded him. Each held their swords with the practiced ease of hardened fighters. They slowly moved to encircle him. He lashed out at the one to his right. A quick side step and the counter attack pushed him towards the left attacker. He wheeled and brought a vicious downward stroke towards his opponent. Nothing, but air. A kick to the back of his leg brought him to his knees. As one, four swords whistled towards his head to end the fight.
They all stopped an inch short of his skull. Then they withdrew their weapons, bowed formally to the King, and stepped away. The King stood and handed off his sword to a page. He then took each man by the hand and said a few words to each. He smiled and joked and gesticulated his arms in wild gestures, as if making fun of his own swordplay. I'll admit Paris had gotten better about hiding his emotions. Barely. I could still see the rage in his eyes. Those men better hope the peace held, or they'd be leading the next charge to take the Scamander back. He was still a shit swordsman though. The trainers departed and I approached the King.
"Sire," I said, bending at the waist for a stiff, somewhat formal bow. Paris signaled to me to approach him. Then he started walking away. I followed him with a sigh. He snapped his fingers and clapped his hands in an arrhythmic fashion. It looked like one of those capering Greek dances performed during the Dionysian festivals. Apparently, it meant something to the palace attendants since they appeared like a flock of ravens and began setting out multiple tables. Heaped atop these were food and drink in excess. A large map was placed on another; it was to this that Paris walked. This was the second time today that I had witnessed this sort of spectacle induced with a simple snap of royal fingers. My own humble fingers were not so adroit, though the fingers of my metallic left hand could spark a fire and even disguise a small blade between the index and middle knuckles.
"Take a look at this," Paris said. He pointed a bony digit at the map. I glanced over it quickly. A typical map of the known world with our various colonies helpfully painted a light red.
"What am I looking at, brother?" I asked. This conversation was off to a surprisingly civil start. Perhaps he had breakfasted with some of his mistresses this morning. Behaving like a degenerate eastern autarch always put him in a good mood.
He slammed in fists down on the table. His eyes fairly blazed at me.
"The stakes of your duel with Achilles, you pacifist wretch!"
"The omens" I sputtered, caught off guard by his outburst. The palace attendants began to slowly sidle out through their hidden doors behind the tapestries and pillars. I envied them greatly.
"I couldn't care less about the damn omens. Hippolytus is a drunkard and a charlatan who Father kept around because he was the only priest who didn't jump ship back to the Greeks." He was referring of course to the fact that we imported most of our gods and their priests from the various Greek spheres of influence. When war had struck, nearly all of them had returned home before the blockade was fully in place. Many simply took up residence in the Greek encampment. Hippolytus had declined to defect out of some misguided loyalty to the Royal House of Priam. Or to our wine stocks at least.
"And because he saved Father's life," I replied testily. Paris rolled his eyes in exasperation. The anger drained from his body. He snapped his fingers again and several liveried servants placed a large, wooden facsimile of the throne behind him. It was carved from Levantine cedar wood, with a painted Trojan lion on the back in imitation of its jeweled counterpart. He sat down and stared at me wearily. The look in his eyes was the same one Father had affected during the early years of the war.
"That was him doing his duty, no more. We don't reward the cook for cooking our food adequately or the Tender of the Royal Backside for wiping our asses especially well. Father never could see that. Discipline was never what it should've been, here, or in the provinces."
"I surmise you wanted to discuss something more than Father's imperfect reign?" This conversation was already bringing my blood to a boil. Especially that last sentiment. As if Paris knew anything about discipline. I could count on one hand how many times he had ventured beyond the walls into armed combat. Hell, the Tender of the Royal Backside was still expected to fight with his regiment against the Greeks.
"Yes," he replied. "Here's the long and short of it: you're going to fight Achilles and hang his severed head from the Bronze Gate for that whole pack of Greeks to see. Then you're going negotiate the harshest terms imaginable. All their weapons, women, slaves, and horses are to be brought into the city. Then you're going to gather up the remains of our army and depart Troy on a new multi-year campaign."
This last one grabbed my attention. "Where?" I asked, my eyes fell to the map wondering what nation had grabbed my brother's fancy. Probably someplace with better wine vintages than strategic value to the kingdom. Strax and Hippolytus would be pleased.
"Everywhere. All of our colonies. We will need to reestablish Trojan authority in many places. For twelve years these people have lived off our largess, yet what have they contributed?"
"Besides men and weapons?" I asked, not entirely sarcastic. When my father had risen the banner of war over the Citadel, the colonies had answered our call. Supplies, men, weapons had poured into the city in preparation for the greatest pitched battle in history. Being involved in the greatest siege in history had come as a shock to many of them. Executions had been needed before the desertions stopped.
"Ha! As if the pitiful rabble that came ashore twelve years ago was equal to the prosperity these colonies have had thanks to Troy," Paris said. His eyes had steel in them and seemed to glaze over while he spoke. "For years now, our colonies have refused to aid us in our time of need. When was the last shipment of metals from Latium? Horses from the Thracians? The whole fleet of the Punic colonies could overwhelm the broken down wreck of a Greek fleet in no time."
He did have a point there, as distasteful as it was to admit it. Our colonies were always a bit penurious during the best of years, but as the war dragged on they had become borderline rebellious. The Exarch of Iberia had even gone so far as to declare themselves an independent nation. Served them right when some tribe of scruffy Keltoi had wiped them from the face of the earth a few years later. Not that we could've been any help to them even if they had stayed a part of the Trojan Empire. At best, we would have had a day of mourning for them. Still, that would've stilled the bloodshed in our part of the world and given everyone an excuse to carouse afterwards. Drinking all night wasn't worth the effort if you had to fight with a hangover the next day.
"And all of this hinges on you slaying that damn Achilles," Paris concluded, while I mused on in my head about recent events. "I'll play along with your three day waiting period, but get the point across to Hippolytus that the omens will be favorable for a duel. No more delays."
"Yes, sire," I said. I bowed again and made to depart.
"Wait." I turned to face him again. His face had gone blank. Whatever fire had kindled while discussing rebellious colonies had extinguished itself. He looked rather small in the overgrown chair. It was during these sorts of moments that it occurred to me that he was the younger brother and yet he sat on throne.
"You should go to see Father soon," he said. I turned away from him, as if to stare at the gymnasium walls. They were bare of any decorations, just a few windows to let in the sunlight from the courtyard. It was one of the few places to escape the radical redecoration endeavors of my brother.
"He doesn't want to see me like this anymore," I replied. I flexed my muscles and activated the upgraded features of my new body. Gyros whirled and gears turned audibly inside me. I let my cape fall to the ground so my brother could witness the meshwork of metal that made up my spine and ribcage. When I faced Paris again, his pallor was as pale as a corpse. I stared at him until he couldn't meet my gaze anymore. He swiveled his head to the side and coughed loudly into a balled fist. An attendant cautiously crept forward with a handkerchief, but Paris waved him away.
"Just so, the physicians claim he is becoming more and more unresponsive. This might be the last time before the end." Our eyes met and for a brief moment we were no longer King and Champion. We were Brother and Friend. The only enemies we fought were mock pirates on the walls of the city. The wall guards cheering us and pretending to be dastardly villains or damsels in distress. I remembered thinking it would always be like this. Brothers in arms against the world. These days we were still locked in a struggle against the world, but I no longer knew if Paris still had my back.
"I'll go see him after the duel. For now, there are things I need to see to," I said, bowing my way out of the room. In three days' time, I would be too busy with the negotiations and departure preparations to see him. Or I would be dead and burning on a pyre in the Citadel. Dead for good this time. Either way, I wouldn't have to deal with my father. Let the old King stay in his wing of the palace with his nurses and physicians and concubines.
Let him claim his son had died before the walls of Troy.

Chapter 4
The sounds of mock combat chased me into the halls of the palace. I debated finding Helen again and telling her of my meeting. She was too emotional though. Her own opinions of Paris would shade her counsel, as would our latest interaction. Same for Strax and Hippolytus; they would insist on going to the nearest tavern. All the while my steps slowly led on the path the gods intended for me. I marched as if in a trance through the frescoed hallways of the palace. The bright colors no longer leapt out to me like they had when I was younger. Gods and monsters. Heroes and battles. I had obsessed over these in my youth, but now they passed by in a blur. I didn't ascend the steps to Helen's apartment or seek out the armory where Strax and Hippolytus would be. There would be no warm compassion from Helen or debauched revelry with Hippolytus and Strax.
Instead, I found myself standing before the door that led to the laboratories of Kalkeus. This was the diversion the gods had chosen for me today. The cold calculation of the Hephaestian priest and the inferno of his forges where I had been given new life. Kalkeus was my creator and resurrector. The fire was where I was born again.
I opened the door and began the descent.
The familiar sulfuric and metallic ash greeted my nostrils immediately. The old ironmongerer must still be working. Generally he kept nocturnal hours, but in pursuit of a project he would be awake for days on end. It was a wonder he had never fallen asleep headfirst into a burning forge. The laboratory was housed in one of the many subbasements of the palace. He had been brought here by my father decades before while he had been touring the Mediterranean. Most inhabitants of Troy didn't even know he existed except in folk tales about a mysterious mechanical man that lived below the city and stole children and ate rats. This was how Kalkeus preferred it, rats and children aside. Working in complete anonymity was his style. He had largely lived off the good graces of my father, but still he contributed when necessitated by outside circumstances. He had built wondrous mechanical sets for my father's theatricals and brilliant war machines that hurled stones and pots of burning pitch great distances. The Greeks still moved their forward camps every so often to avoid the depredations of his nefarious contraptions. Paris had largely let them fall by the wayside, content to wait out the Greek army or negotiate an end to the war, once I slew Achilles.
The floor of the laboratory was cluttered with spare parts and the other detritus of abandoned works scavenged for other projects. These too were usually abandoned and scrapped, thus beginning the cycle again. The inventor completed maybe 1 in 100 projects yet the completed one was usually so wondrous that it made up for the lack of progress on others. I had long since learned never to ask him what he was working on at the moment. An hour later it might lie abandoned in some corner along with a new design for armor, a self-cleaning chamber pot and a device intended to fly men great distances. All across the dingy stone walls were mathematical scribblings and geometrical drawings of future projects. The glow of the forge gave them a disturbingly lifelike quality as the shadows danced across them.
The strange blocky devices that lined the walls were still flickering with life, but the lab was otherwise empty of any human presence. I began calling his name, straining to make myself heard over the roar of the forge fire. I waded through the floor debris towards the door to his small living quarters. I pushed my way in, still calling his name. I stopped myself short. Inside the small apartment was a thick pool of blood in which rested the hacked, dismembered and nigh unrecognizable corpse of Kalkeus.

Aulus, the palace doctor, examined him, careful not to step in any of the blood pooling on the floor. Strax, Hippolytus and myself stood off to the side passing a wineskin amongst us. The doctor was certainly practiced. He cracked one eye open, felt for a pulse at his wrist and neck, and finally began to prod at the great wound itself. His eyes narrowed and he began to prod it even more, muttering to himself constantly.
Finally, he stood straight and began to remove the kidskin gloves from his long fingers, one digit at a time. He made a gentle tsk tsk as he tucked them into the belt that held his ample girth firmly in place.
"Well, doc, what's the verdict?" Strax asked. His iron gray eyes looked genuinely mournful. When Kalkeus taught him to load and fire the wall catapults, it had been one of the happiest days of his life. Not the least because he had been allowed to throw a used public chamberpot at a parade maneuver in the Greek camp. Just a few feet to the left next time
"He is most certainly dead," Aulus announced. He bowed briefly to me and then exited the room at his usual stately waddle. Hippolytus grunted some small blasphemy about useless Greek physicians. It brought a smile to my face even while I contemplated the dead body of my creator before us.
"I'll have some servants from the Temple take him to the Egyptian quarter," Hippolytus said. He had brought the skin of decent wine and was the principal suspect in its rapid demise.
"What's there?" Strax asked.
"Better physicians than Aulus. Those crazy old Egyptians made a whole religion out of death and preparing bodies for the afterlife. They know plenty about the means of killing, even if they never could fight a half decent war."
"Good, let me know the costs for a full physical examination of the body. Any chance they could tell us what kind of weapon was used?" I asked. Strax grunted again and spat.
"A sword makes that kind of wound. No need for any Egyptian mummery to tell you that," he said.
"Yes, but what kind of sword?" I asked, patient.
"What do you mean?"
"Is it the kind favored by the cavalry? The infantry regiments? The Palace Guard, the Prince's Guard? All of these favor their own style of armor and weaponry. It's terribly inconvenient for armorers."
"You have a point, I suppose," he conceded begrudgingly. Strax was a good squire, if a little unimaginative. He generally handled most of his problems by skewering them on the tip of his sword. If that didn't work, he tried with his axe. After that, he moved onto various assorted gut punches, shin kicks, and eye gauges. He didn't play nice with problems; life had taught him the folly of that line of thought.
"I'm sure they could. They have most of the state contracts for mortuary houses." Troy was cosmopolitan enough to warrant various quarters. The Aethiopians even had their own quarter. Two streets plus a food stand next to the Ivory Gate, and they were inordinately proud of it. Plus, they made damn fine food and didn't gauge the prices like most Trojan food sellers.
"Find the best one in the district. We'll take the body there and talk to someone more knowledgeable than Aulus," I instructed him.
"Not hard," Strax muttered. "That old quack thought amputation was the cure for everything. Even the Long Itch." He laughed at his own joke for a moment then sobered up when no one else joined the revelry.
"So what do we do now?" he asked. Hippolytus looked meaningfully at the now empty wineskin. I shook my head.
"No, not just now. We need our wits about us."
"Why?" Strax asked.
"Because we're going to figure out who killed Kalkeus," I said. They looked at me as like I was possessed by the gods. Maybe I was. Some nagging feeling in the back of my head kept directing me to find the murderer.
"Why would we do that?"
"Well, someone has to. He was a royal subject. We're supposed to protect them or failing that, avenge their deaths. To do that, we have to figure out who knocked him off." They seemed to understand our task. Perhaps not the Why of it, but at least that it needed to be done. If only to humor a Prince of Troy.
"So besides taking the body to an expert. What else do we need to do?" Hippolytus asked.
"I don't know. I once met a man in the Latium colony who did this sort of thing as a hobby. He was a drunken old elitist, but he was damn good at figuring out low dealings like this."
"So then let's follow his example and limber up our minds." Hippolytus drained the last of the wineskin into his mouth then burped lightly. Strax grabbed the bag roughly and peered into its empty abyss. He let it fall to ground with a mild grumble. Hippolytus briefly alighted to the hallway to instruct his attendant on what to do with the body and no doubt to order another skin of wine. They both looked to me for instruction.
"Fine, we'll sit down with some wine in a bit," I told them. "But first let's look around here. We'll each take a corner." We spread out and started rummaging through the junk that littered the small apartment. Kalkeus was equally messy outside the laboratory; the only difference being that most of the stuff in here was still in its theoretical stages. Doodles written in the margins of paper, strange charcoal sketches tacked to the filthy brownish wall, bizarre wooden models resting in a pile next to the fireplace, all of these indicated the fantastic way his mind worked. None of these inventions would ever see the light of day now I supposed.
"What are we looking for?" Hippolytus asked. He was searching through the drawers of Kalkeus's desk. It was piled high with papyrus with only a little space in the middle for anyone to use it as a writing platform.
"I don't know, just anything that might tell us who he saw last night or enemies he might have had or just anything at all honestly" I was trying to remember my time in Latium with that old thief-taker. The only thing that came to mind was the sheer quantity of wine we imbibed. That, and his sarcastic, impudent slave and bodyguard; that was a bastard who could fight as well as his master could track down criminals. They made it seem so easy. Drink, drink, fight in the streets, drink, drink, question some important politician, drink, drink - Eureka! Mystery solved.
"I still don't understand who would want to kill him." Strax had picked the corner where Kalkeus had kept his food. Most of it in various states of rottenness.
"The man had no enemies. If he did, we would have had guards posted at his doors constantly." I pulled a design for some sort flying machine off the wall. Underneath it was another scrap of papyrus. I pulled the scrap from the wall.
"Hey, I found something!" It was a small doodle for some hybrid hammer/spear. More importantly though was that it was doodled around some loopy, spiraling writing.
Meet tonight at Falernia's to discuss final preparations. Come disguised. Let no one see you. Burn after reading.
"Thank the gods Kalkeus never wasted any papyrus."
"Falernia's? Who would want to meet there?" Hippolytus asked. Madame Falernia's was the most notorious bawdyhouse in the Trojan territories. It was official policy that soldiers were not allowed to go there. Of course it was unofficial policy that the official policy was a load of shit; if a man wanted to spend his hard earned pay there, then so be it. Nothing kept up morale quite like the occasional regimental parties at Falernia's.
Strax barked a laugh. "Most men in Troy who can afford it. At least those that can dodge their wives. Obviously you've never been there." I doubted he had ever been there either. His wife kept him on a short leash.
"Hardly, a man of my dignity has a reputation to maintain," Hippolytus said stiffly. He drew his formal robe around him as if he was about to make a speech. Instead he burped contentedly and pulled a miniature wineskin from his robe.
"Ha! Now that is a fine jest," Strax commented as he grabbed the skin from him. He drained half in a gulp, then handed it back to the priest. My own throat was getting parched from watching these two drunks ply their trade.
"All right, let's go to Falernia's and see if anyone remembers anything." Both agreed heartily with this new idea. Murder may be an affront to the gods and a very serious matter, but a trip to Falernia's was enough to lighten any mood. As we exited the palace complex my two companions burst into a bawdy old marching song. The lyrics consisted solely of ways to say 'prostitute' in different languages. It was an extraordinarily long song.

Chapter 5
Madame Falernia's establishment may have been the gaudiest building in Troy at the time. Traditional, stolid Trojan decor was generally whitewashed outer walls, with a few frescoes and decorations on the inside, most often centered in the entertaining rooms. For some reason this dull decorum was considered a sacred aspect of Trojan family life. I blame our poor ancestors who couldn't afford anything else. Whilst fleeing from the mainland of Greece all those long centuries ago, paint and brushes were relatively low on the list of essentials. Thus, when the fortunes of Troy were on the rise, the more conservative people claimed we should not give in to decadent Greek color and art and modest decorations that liven up the room a bit. The fashion battle still raged even in times of war. Generally, most kept the traditional whitewash look. Not so for Madame Falernia.
Amidst the comparative glitz and glitter of the Troy's red-light district, it stood tall and erect in its eye popping crimson paint job. All three stories were done up in this most intense color that served as a beacon to the revelers below, day and especially night. Sundown was approaching and the streets were beginning to thicken with revelers. I drew my hood up over my gray streaked black hair and kept my noble, hooked nose down to the street. Just another reveler looking for a good time. Just another reveler traveling with a priest and warrior whose marching song was now working through the Aramaic languages and traveling farther south with each passage.
"Kill the music, guys," I grunted from beneath my hood. The song finished to healthy applause from the drunken people in the street. "So much for discretion," I muttered.
"Relax, Hector," Hippolytus said. "These days in district no one cares who you are and where you come from. If your coin is good, then you could have just crawled out of the cheapest crib or the Royal Apartments. Either way, your money spends the same way."
"Fine," I said. I pulled my hood back. Other than a few eyebrows raised, no one seemed to care that they were carousing with royalty. "Hmm, I guess it's been awhile since I've come to this district."
"At least since your upgrades," Strax replied. Upgrades were most people's polite way of referring to the time when Kalkeus had dragged my corpse from the battlefield and performed whatever metallic sorcery was necessary to bring me back to life, the secrets of which were lost when he died. I'd asked him a few times before how he did it, but he would merely grunt and mutter something incomprehensibly mathematic. I gave up rather quickly.
"So what else have I missed in this district?" I asked.
"Well they stopped doing Two-For-One for new recruits. The rounds of conscription made everyone a new recruit at some point and the girls were starting to complain. Can't say I blame them too much." This was Strax taking a sympathetic view of the working girls. "Falernia also stopped doing bottomless wine pitchers. Too costly with the blockade tightening on foodstuffs."
That last one was cause for dismay, but Hippolytus and Strax had kept that famed Trojan stiff upper lip in face of such a travesty. Then again, with me, they had open access to the Royal Wine Cellar. The good stuff was untouchable for anyone except members of the Royal Family, but my father had bought mass quantities of the cheaper vintages for when the time came to entertain our less important allies. That might be why they had become so reluctant to aid the war effort. The exorbitant tributes probably didn't help any either. Or the conscriptions and garrison duties in foreign territories required by Troy for all colonial troops. Or the fact that most conscripts were required for at least ten years of service before they could petition to be released home.
"Oh my gods, our city treats all our allies like shit," I said, no longer able to contain this stunning revelation.
"You've just now come to this conclusion?" Strax asked. Even Hippolytus had a bushy eyebrow cocked at me. I felt my face flushing, but resisted the temptation to pull my hood further back over my head.
"Hector, that is common knowledge amongst the peoples of the Empire," Hippolytus replied cautiously. "Even before Iberia seceded we knew that rebellion was brewing somewhere."
"My knowledge of foreign policy ended largely when I got my upgrades," I said. "After that my father reserved most of his counsels for Paris." Their no doubt sarcastic replies were cut short as we entered through Madame Falernia's grandiose front door. The whole of the inside was one wide room extending all the way up to the ceiling three stories above. There were terraced balconies where a multitude of employees could be seen leading clients of both sexes to the rooms where the real action happened. On the central floor were dozens of tables where happy patrons refreshed themselves with wine and great piles of food. All of whom were served by barely covered women, decked out in jewels given to them by satisfied clients.
Madame Falernia herself was in the middle of the floor, beaming widely and calling out to various patrons as she made her rounds. She was an enormous woman from the colonies near Latium, who had arrived in Troy with the first, and only, wave of conscripts for the war. Through the help of several highly placed patrons, she had opened her house of pleasure to the stunned silence of our more conservative citizenry. Once they had regained their sense, they had vehemently protested to the King who had shrugged away their cries for her expulsion from the city. The hefty chest containing Falernia's first tax contribution to the treasury certainly helped King Priam make his decision to allow her to stay open.
Now, years later, she still ran the most profitable bawdyhouse in the entire Trojan Empire. At this point in her career she was nigh untouchable by the authorities. Not that she flaunted this. All safety and fire regulations were meticulously followed, while her bruisers were renowned for their abilities to quell fights almost before they happened.
A naked maiden approached us with the wide, professional smile all employees affected here. She was wearing one of those thin white skirts Egyptian slaves wear in the royal courts. She was bare from the waist up except for a multitude of chains and necklaces. I was rather amazed that one who was so young was already popular enough to warrant such an abundance of jewelry.
"Welcome!" she cried with hands upraised. "Welcome to Madame Falernia's Pleasure Palace, where all your dreams may come true. For a price!" She finished with a delightful giggle that belied the seriousness of that last statement. She could indeed make any of our dreams come true, but at a hefty price. Strax and Hippolytus even seemed quite nervous in her company. The girl placed a hand on Strax's shoulder and he just about jumped out of his skin.
"Thank you, we require a table, your best food and wine, and a moment with Madame Falernia when she can spare it," I dictated to her. Her eyes widened slightly, but her professional demeanor quickly took hold again. We must have serious money to demand audience with her boss. She led us through the press of the central floor. A small group of musicians played in one corner while a troupe of naked dancers gyrated to the music. We passed one of the floor stewards escorting several men carrying large amphora of wine back to the kitchen. He caught sight of my companions and spread his hands in a generous motion.
"Oh hello, Hippolytus! I'm surprised to see you here so early. I shall inform the bar to open a fresh amphora of wine and to get Phoebe ready and limbered." Hippolytus' face flared crimson in the dim light of the house.
"Eh, well, erm, not tonight I think. Business and such. Could you be so good as to summon the mistress of the house?" He managed to sputter this after a few seconds of abrupt coughing. Strax was nearly doubled over with laughter. The steward caught sight of him.
"And, Strax! It is a pleasure to see you here so soon after your last visit. I'll have your usual table set immediately. Would you care to view our new girls or would you prefer one from your usual stable?" he asked. Strax's laugh turned into a rough coughing fit. The steward dipped a fresh cup into a passing amphora and quickly handed it to the old campaigner. Strax took the glass and waved him away. The steward bowed low to us then carried on towards the back rooms.
I didn't bother hiding my grin from my two, now thoroughly embarrassed, companions. Our female guide didn't understand the proceedings, but she kept her professional smile and showed us to our table. Silence reigned for a few moments as we waited for our wine and food to arrive.
"So the High Priest of Apollo frequents Falernia's enough to be on a first name basis with the wine steward"
"Yes, well their vintages are better than anything outside the Royal Cellar," Hippolytus muttered. He took a long sip from his cup then settled into his chair with a pouty look on his face. Strax laughed at him from across the table. I turned to him.
"And you're here enough to warrant a 'stable' of women? A 'stable!' Is that a Greek unit of measurement?" This cut his laughter short.
"Well Daph has her knitting and reading clubs, and I have an occasional visit to Madame Falernia's," he replied sheepishly.
"Occasional" A busty Gallic looking woman tousled his iron gray hair as she walked by. He at least had the decency to look embarrassed.
"Exactly. It's important to have separate hobbies. Keeps a marriage strong." He seemed to be stubbornly sticking to this story. I suppose Daphne knew what she was getting into when she married him. No doubt she had a few hobbies of her own that Strax didn't know about.
"I'll keep that in mind," I replied. Thankfully our server appeared with several pitchers of wine and plates of food. We busied ourselves with them while Strax and Hippolytus ignored the many acquaintances who called out to them. No doubt they hoped that by coming here on their non-regular days they would avoid anyone who knew them. No such luck it seemed. I laughed as yet another scantily clad woman waved coyly at the pair. These two were here enough to merit "non-regular" days. Would the wonders never cease?
Nay, the wonders only increased. Sailing through the crowd like a trireme cutting through the waves was Madame Falernia herself. She had her mass of black curls done up in a tall tower, intertwined with nets of pearls and other precious stones, all of which complimented her yellow evening gown studded with even more jewels. While she was an inordinately attractive woman, one could not help but notice her robust biceps and other upper body muscles. This was a woman who could bruise a man just as effectively as any of the professional bouncers she hired.
This may have seemed an odd thing to notice, but it suddenly became much more pertinent the moment she saw us. From the folds of her billowy gown she pulled a brass tipped truncheon. Pointing it at us she cried, "Those three! Get them!" A swarm of heavily armed men hustled towards us with all manner of makeshift weaponry.
Strax and I jumped to our feet with what meager weapons we had brought with us. Hippolytus remained seated a moment longer to finish his wine.
"Such a shame," he sighed. "I haven't had a Judean wine this good in over a decade."

Chapter 6
"Such a shame," he sighed. "It is such a lovely vintage." He flung the cup at the nearest bruiser then followed it up with rock solid punch that laid the man out on the floor. Strax upended our table into the path of the next two. He charged them as they were brought down and would've gutted them with his knife had I not intervened. I gripped his cowl and yanked him backwards. He crashed into Hippolytus who was otherwise preoccupied with beating the pulp out of the man he had taken down with his cup. The last thing we needed was to start a fight in a whorehouse. Given the state of Troy, it would devolve into a full scale riot in minutes. I threw some punches in the direction of the men who surrounded us, enough to shatter cartilage, but not enough to kill. Most of them only held only truncheons, but I could see the glimmer of steel in some belts. It wouldn't take too long for those to come out.
I felt a sharp pain in my side and looked down at the knife hilt protruding from the side of my abdomen. A thin trickle of blood was seeping from its sides. The man who belonged to the blade looked at me with more than a little horror. I watched as recognition crept into his eyes.
Finally, someone who recognized royalty when he saw it. He backed away slowly then broke into a full run and disappeared into the crowd. The proprietress of the house appeared at my side. Her face matched that of the now truant knifeman.
"My Lord, I didn't know we were entertaining royalty tonight," she stammered. Her usual grace was presumably fleeing into the night with the erstwhile swordsman. She placed a hand on the hilt like it was the shoulder of a rich client. Upon realizing what exactly she was caressing she flinched back a step. She wheeled on her employees.
"Dunderheads! I wasn't talking about these three! I was talking about them!" She pointed to a portly, gray haired slave dressed in the Latium fashion and a young, well dressed youth who was presumably his master. They bolted with a squad of admonished bouncers on their heels.
"Damn Pseudolis and that boy of his," she muttered. "Always hanging here mooning after Phylia. Well, the jokes on him soon! Something for everyone indeed!" While she continued her monologue, I took the opportunity to pull the knife from my side. I let it fall to the floor with clang that silenced the whole room. The look of horror returned to her face like a flower blooming towards the sun. I stooped to pick it up. Pain slashed through my body and I almost keeled over with agony. I stood up in a whoosh of breath.
"Good workmanship," I commented. And it was. The blade itself was a brilliant polished bronze that was a slightly longer than the usual variant, carried by Trojan thugs and criminals. What really caught my eyes though was the handle. It was also elongated, but it boasted what seemed to be knuckle guards so that when one gripped it, the knuckles were protected. I imagined they could also be used as a weapon if needed. A punch with those knuckles would shatter bone easily. At the pommel of the hilt was what seemed a skinny spike, long and thin with a slight point at the end.
"That'd be good for getting bits of broken cork out," Hippolytus said, seemingly unaware that his knuckles were bruised and actively bleeding onto the floor.
"Truly, but I doubt that's what its for," I replied. "Madame Falernia, where was this knife purchased? It's like nothing I've ever seen."
"I couldn't tell you, noble sire," she replied shakily. "Roric had only worked here a few weeks. Came in with the last food caravan, but said he wasn't ready to leave quite yet."
I stashed the knife in my belt and proceeded to right the upturned table. Madame Falernia clapped her hands twice and a small horde of servants appeared as if by magic. They grabbed the table from my hand and whisked it away only for it to be replaced by another clean table. A white tablecloth appeared with a glass pitcher of aromatic wine and several small plates of food. Chairs materialized next and Madama Falernia indicated we should sit. All around us, the house bruisers were pushing the crowd back to give us some semblance of privacy. The band struck up a lively number and a posse of nubile Hittite women began a rather salacious dance. We rapidly faded from the minds of the customers. The mistress of the house joined us at the table.
"Now what can I do for the Royal Prince of Troy and two of my best customers?" she asked. She had regained her composure admirably. Her eyes remained glued to my wound though. I glanced down and saw it was still trickling blood.
"Tell me, fair lady, do you employ a doctor?" I was starting to feel weaker. I could feel my gyros slowing down as my stabilizers kicked in to help prevent me from slumping to one side. Strax hurried to my side and propped me back up. He pressed a dirty rag from his knapsack against the wound to staunch the blood. Through the haze I could see Madame Falernia clapping her hands again.
"I hope you've washed it since the last time you plugged a wound with it," I said through gritted teeth.
"I'll spit on it next time."
"Bastard. I've got to learn how to do that."
"Do what?" he asked.
"The clapping thing."
"He's talking less sense than usual," Hippolytus said. He had declined to race to my side. I couldn't blame him though. We had put a lot of walking in today and that foot of his was always in pain. Plus, the pitcher of wine was now his and his alone to enjoy.
"We should get him back to the palace," Strax said over my head.
"No, we didn't just come to guzzle wine and stare at dancing girls." My voice sounded distant in my own ears. I grabbed my cup and gulped some wine. It was quickly refilled by a serving girl dressed in that lovely Egyptian fashion of barely opaque cotton dresses. I clutched at it again, but only managed to knock it over.
"Hector" Strax rumbled.
"Who did Kalkeus meet here last night?" I asked, quickly before he could speak anymore. Wine and blood loss were duking it out over who could knock me out faster.
"Who?" She asked. Her demeanor seemed sincere, but whores are very well versed in that particular art.
"Kalkeus, the Royal Inventor."
"I know of no such man, sire." Again, with that damned sincerity. We were getting nowhere fast. I grasped at the first thought that materialized in my wine addled head.
"We found a note in his apartment saying to meet here."
I thought I saw her eyes give the merest flicker. "Many people come through my doors every night, most for pleasure, but an equal amount for business. We happily provide private tables and specially trained girls to ease these transactions. Last night was our worst night in months. The fresh levies are going off to their rotation today. Most wanted one last night of pleasure, which meant they were drunk, morose, and belligerent in equal measure." I groaned. I was supposed to be there to see them off to their levy camps behind the Dardian Wall. The levies were citizens fulfilling their obligation to Troy by performing wall duties and filling out the outlying citadels, while occasionally taking the field alongside the regular corps. More often they were fodder to distract the Achaeans from the main thrust of our army. Seeing them off was the least I could do for these men who were willing to die for the incompetency of the Royal House of Troy.
"Would you remember a portly man with a bulbous nose and graying hair like my friend here?" Hippolytus asked, jerking a thumb at Strax. He had finally broken his silence at the demise of his wine pitcher. "Except his hair is thinner near the top and he's a good deal portlier."
"Many such men last night would fit that description." Too true, outside of the army, most men in Troy were boys or elderly men. At the age of 16, boys were eligible for conscription into the army. Subsequently, there was a thriving business of smugglers willing to spirit these boys out of the city and out to the colonies or neighboring kingdoms. Or to the Achaeans. Some of the more unscrupulous handed them over to the Greeks, where they were promptly enslaved or placed in their own foreign conscript battalions.
"Many had hoods up or were otherwise hiding their features. Husbands are our most plentiful customers, behind soldiers and royalty, of course," she looked at me meaningfully. "Is there anything else that could identify him?"
"Hmmm other than the fact he was an ugly old toad?" I mused, "Well, he more than likely asked for coal and paper. The man couldn't help himself, he had to keep thinking and creating or else he'd probably explode. Do any of your customers ask for that when they visit?"
Falernia's face broke into a smile, "Ah yes, that one. One of our regular and more eccentric customers." she replied without even a moment's thought. "He spent an hour insisting he could fix our water systems and pipe it all the way up to the top floor. Probably would've done it too, but the girl he was with came and insisted someone was here to see him."
"Did you see who?" We were finally getting somewhere. Of course, by this point I had almost bled completely through Strax's rag. More wine would definitely help.
"No, another fight had broken out by that point and I was otherwise occupied." I still had no doubt she could handle herself in a fight just as well as any of her hired muscle.
"Which girl then?" Strax asked. I was glad he was taking lead on the questioning. It was getting harder and harder to think straight and it seemed like there were fewer lamps lighting than there had been when we came in. The place was dim enough as it was.
"Olympia, one of our Macedonian girls. Post-siege girl too, so she fetches a high price."
I swallowed; it was a struggle. "Could we speak to her?" I was surprised neither of my two friends/bawdyhouse patrons knew her already. Maybe they were quantity over quality guys
"So long as she is not working. I don't think she is. Most girls are taking a personal day after last night's business." She turned around, clapped her hands, and then spoke a few words to the slave who appeared.
"After we speak with the girl, can we please get you some medical help?" Strax pleaded.
"Yes, after. Now get me more wine."
Strax gave me a sour look, but complied. Strange to think that I had started my day on the martial fields before learning about the death of my friend, and now I was more than likely going to end my day unconscious on the floor of a whorehouse. I just needed to keep my wits about me for a few more moments.
Especially since a very attractive woman, who I had to presume was Olympia, was making her way over to us in the wake of the recently departed slave. I had to admit, Kalkeus had wonderful taste in women. The very sight of her reenergized me and set my heart to whirring. I grew red remembering Andromache. Then even redder remembering Helen.
"Olympia, come here, girl," Madame Falernia demanded.
"Yes, mistress?" She bowed demurely and kept her lovely brown eyes cast to the ground. Her blonde hair was tied back in high bun as if she had just thrown her hair up upon being wakened by the slave. The delicate cosmetics on face betrayed that lie. She obviously had enough natural beauty to go without, but it enhanced her prettiness to near Olympic levels.
Falernia gestured toward me, "Do you know who this is?" The girl nodded. "And did you entertain a certain older gentleman last night. Gray haired, bulbous nose, prone to drawing?" The girl went into deep thought. Obviously an unfamiliar exercise for her.
"And rambling. He could never keep any of his stories succinct," Hippolytus added. She looked at him with a frown. "I mean he could never" He stopped when I caught his eye and shook my head.
"Yes, mistress, I know him. One of my most frequent customers." She giggled; a high piercing sound that made my teeth grind involuntarily.
"He claimed he would free me one day." Another titter. More teeth dust drying my mouth.
"Well, he's dead now." That was the second time today I had been so cold while announcing his death. It obviously affected the poor girl. She flinched at my words and looked on the verge of tears. That pretty, empty head swiveled between me and Madame Falernia as if wondering who to seek comfort from. She settled on Hippolytus. The old priest exuded comfort and patronly affection. It's probably why sacrificial animals were so at ease around him.
She wrapped her arms around him and sobbed into his chest. The old lech behaved himself admirably. He made gentle soothing noise and patted her back platonically.
"Madame, would you give us a few moments with fair Olympia here?" I inquired. "We have a few questions to ask and they are of a sensitive nature."
"Heh, as if this were a house of philosophy and gentility," Strax chortled.
"We do offer those kinds of lectures and many of our girls are well versed in the latest treatises from all the fashionable scholars outside the Gates." Thunderclouds formed around Madame Falernia's head as she lectured Strax on all the amenities her house provided. The list was very impressive, as was her stern demeanor.
"My apologies, madame," Strax murmured as demurely as Olympia had.
"Accepted, Strax," she intoned. "Now kindly dismiss Olympia when you are finished with her. My girls need rest."
She bowed graciously, as if she were a Queen and we her subjects, and departed a stately glide. We turned back to Olympia who had disengaged from Hippolytus and was busy pouring herself a full cup of wine. She took a full gulp then burped ungracefully. Her demeanor had changed completely. She was no less pretty, but her eyes were craftier and much more worldly than before.
"So the old ironmonger is dead, eh?" she said. She no longer seemed so stunned. We three exchanged looks to check whether the others had noticed this also and then looked back at her.
"Yes," I said. "He was murdered." Again, the dispassion.
"Hardly surprising." She had begun picking through the leftover food on our plates. The wine must have brought out her hunger.
"In what way?"
"He hung around some pretty rough company," she said between mouthfuls of mutton. Strax and Hippolytus sat silently in awe of her transformation. Even Hippolytus' wine cup remained empty; a rare sight indeed.
"And was he with this rough crowd last night?"
"No." She sucked the grease from her fingers. "He was with the Koios the librarian last night. Just two of them. Kept their hoods up and declined any services. Amateurs. If they wanted to blend in then they should've gotten at least a few girls." Her laughter had changed to a throaty grunt that sprayed a bit of food onto the table. I felt myself entering the same catatonic state that Strax and Hippolytus were currently enjoying. This woman was incredible.
"What time did Kalkeus get here?" I asked.
"At our usual time, a few watches past sunset. Technically, it was my day off, but I made an exception for the old boy."
"It seems you were rather fond of him," I observed. Her face momentarily drooped in something resembling genuine sadness.
"His money was good, he didn't abuse me, and the wine he bought was topnotch. Most men couldn't even boast about two of those qualities. Plus, I meant what I said earlier. He was going to buy me my freedom and get me out of here."
"This doesn't seem the worst life," I said, looking around. "Many whores would be grateful to work in Falernia's."
"No, not here here. This city. Troy. He claimed he was going to get me out of the city with me."
We all took a moment to digest this new piece of information. "Looks like old Kalkeus was getting ready to defect," Hippolytus said dryly. The proclamation was like a hammer blow to my wine addled, blood loss affected head. I felt myself falling and struggled to right myself before giving in to the weight that pressed against me from all sides. I heard Hippolytus speak somewhere in the cloud above me.
"Tell me, fair Olympia, do you employ a physician?"
"Yes," she sounded even further away, "It was the man Kalkeus was with last night; he's a Greek physician employed by my mistress. Someone go get the Librarian!" I tried to make a remark about the quality of Greek medical care. Instead I was enveloped by darkness and knew no more.

Intermission
Drums. Like the sound of distant thunder. Like a canyon collapsing on itself. Drums.
The damn Achaeans loved their fucking drums. Not that we Trojans couldn't put on a good show with drums and horns and twirling little pan flutes. But we generally reserved them for celebrations, not funerals.
I turned to face my squire. The boy held my helm, polished to a sheen, under one arm. In the other he held my royal standard on its ash pole. His face was grim and held imperfectly hidden concern.
"My liege, you don't have to do this."
"Yes, I do. My people and my honor demand it of me."
"Yes, sire. And afterwards?"
"My helm please. Let us begin the day."
The streets were thronged with cheering crowds. From the lowliest beggar to the richest merchant prince, everyone was out to see me off. Brilliant streamers and banners hung from lines tied across the streets. Houses had been freshly painted, and it seemed that every flower box had been raided to shower me in petals. Our own procession included a platoon of horns, but over it were the sounds of the Achaean drums. They beat a slow, doom laden cadence that filled in the gaps between our own musical noise.
Doom
Doom
Doom
Doom. Doom. Doom. My doom. That creature Achilles would be parading through the camp right now. Unfair. He was a man just like me. Though they claimed he was the son of a goddess, I knew he was made of flesh and mortal bone. We had traded blows too often for me to think I could walk away from this alive. I would meet my doom and Troy would fall. Still, I waved and saluted my subjects as if assured of my victory. They would find out soon what bitter end Priam was leading them towards.
We approached the Bronze Gate where the Maiden's Guard stood the watch of the day. They formed up in thick ranks facing inward toward the city. They permitted myself and my entourage through, but gently prodded the crowd back. The citizenry gave one final cheer then dispersed themselves to find vantages over the wall. I accepted a salute from the watch captain and then began to limber myself up. The mood of the soldiers was oppressive. These men had squared off against Achilles and his Myrmidons many times in battle. As protectors of the Princess Helen's honor they saw it as their duty to place themselves against the best the Achaeans could offer. Achilles' hands were stained with many of their comrades' blood. If I were to fall this day they would fight tooth and nail to recover my body. The Myrmidons would do likewise if I were to slay Achilles. The fight over his body would be bloodier than any single day in the war.
A strange sight caught my attention. Lurking in the crowd within the confines of the guard was Kalkeus, the Royal Inventor. The little toad of a man almost never left his laboratory, especially on sunny days like this. I pushed my way through the milling throng until I stood before him.
"Noble Kalkeus, how good of you to show your support for the House of Priam this day."
He remained silent. His head scanned my whole body from my feet up, as if mentally sizing me up for a new tunic. Finally, he looked directly into my eyes.
"Son of Priam, you may think you march to your doom against the might of Achilles, but take heart. Your part in this war is far from over."
I could only stare in amazement at this strange pronouncement. He smiled widely and bowed his way back into the crowd. He was an odd little man, but I had more pressing things to concern me. Like those damn drums. Suddenly, they ceased their beating. The silence was so fierce it hurt my ears. I almost wished for their incessant noise again.
"It's time, sire." I turned at the voice, distracted now. My squire handed me my helm. I held it aloft for a moment while it caught then sun, then let it envelope my head in darkness. Those first few moments were the worst. My breathing intensified, echoing in the bronze helm until it was the only thing I could hear. As per custom, my squire gave my helm a harsh slap on the side. It cleared my head admirably. I turned to face the crowd.
"Open the gate!"
Soundlessly, as if by its own volition, the gate opened to reveal the martial grounds. The salt breeze filled my nostrils. It smelled faintly of campfires and Achaean filth. Leave it to the Achaeans to shit upwind of the city.
"Hector! Husband, wait!"
I turned to face my wife. She carried our child in her arms. He was sleeping soundlessly. I envied his ability to ignore the crowds and noise and drums.
"Husband, come back to me. Promise me I will hold you in my arms again."
I stared at her in silence through the slits in my helm. How could I promise her something like that? Against the Achaean, Achilles, I was a sheaf of wheat before the sickle. I opened my mouth to tell her this. From the corner of my eye I spotted the squat figure of Kalkeus again. Once again staring at me, measuring me for some bizarre purpose. A delicate palm pressed itself against my neck, the only exposed portion of my body.
"Husband, say you will I come back to me."
"Wife, I swear by the sacred Palladium of Troy that I will return to you. One way or another."
At this declaration our son awoke from his slumber. His brilliant blue eyes stared at me in horror. A loud keening erupted from him like the cry of dryad before a storm. I placed a greaved hand against his cheek to soothe him. He wailed louder. My helm. I must take off my helm. Let him know it is merely his father disguised in this false skin of bronze.
I took my helm off hand and leaned towards him.
"Son, light of my life, bearer of my name, it is I, your father. Cease your crying. Let me look on you before I face my mortal foe."
His cries only intensified. He clutched his face with small hands.
Of course, my mask. My mask remained. I would strip it away and reveal to him the real me. I gripped the flesh on the side of my face and tugged at my mask. The skin ripped away to reveal my metal bones beneath. His tears dried and a smile creased his handsome face. The tiny hand rubbed his face as if trying to tear off his own mask.
"My son, when I return I will teach you, and everyone Trojan, to live without a mask."
The drums from the Achaean encampment started up again. We shared a final smile then I placed the helm back on my head. This time, I welcomed the darkness that enveloped me.

Chapter 7
The damn drums. They weren't outside the walls anymore; they were inside my head.
"Fucking Achaeans," I croaked.
"Thank the gods, he's all right." That must be Strax. He sounded genuinely concerned.
"Never doubted for a moment." That would Hippolytus. He sounded drunk.
"He lost quite a bit of blood. The wine probably didn't help either." This was an unfamiliar voice. I debated opening my eyes to see where I was. The floor didn't feel like the usual dingy wood of Troy's whorehouses. I decided against opening my eyes, but I did ask for some more wine.
"Not until you can sit up on your own," the unknown voice said again. I decided at this point to open my eyes and then to break the neck of whoever it was, presumably the doctor Hippolytus had inquired about. I regretted it immediately. He looked less like a doctor and more like some bizarre aberration of nature; some weird cross between a baby bird and a man. He was obscenely skinny with strange grayish, molted skin. His bones seemed to jut out from his body at odd angles, like they were trying to burst free. His hair was the same grayish color as his skin and made a strange wispy nest around his large bald spot. But all of this combined could not hold a candle to what was strapped around his face.
It was like someone had strapped two of Kalkeus' stargazing devices to his head. The tubes got smaller as they progressed out instead of bigger though, ending in small points of glass. The whole contraption was lashed around his head in a bizarre network of leather straps that held further bits of metal and glass. He stooped down to eye level with my wound. The little tubes whirred and extended further out.
I let my eyes look beyond him for a moment. We were in a cold, bare space that appeared to be one of the wine storage rooms for the brothel. Amphorae of wine stood stacked and sorted in neat rows, all ordered by region and year purchased. One had already been broken into by my party. They were seated on stools scattered around the pallet where I lay. No natural light filtered into the room; instead someone had placed several torches in the wall sconces. This eerie light gave the physician an even more ghastly appearance.
"Hmmm," he said. His voice was almost disappointingly normal compared to the rest of him. "Clean entry point, penetrated about five inches into the tissue, but given the localized nature of the bleeding I'd say it missed everything vital. They tend to with you people." He reached into a dingy leather bag and pulled a long skinny piece of metal out. The tip appeared to be blunted, which was confirmed when he jabbed it into the wound. I yelped in pain and my eyes shot up into the back of my skull. Strax raced to my side as if to defend me from this doctor/abomination. Hippolytus was quicker though. Before the physician could say one more word, a long sacrificial knife was pressed against his jugular.
The man remained completely unfazed, but he did withdraw the metal wand. My vision cleared enough to notice he was looking straight at my eyes now. His lenses contracted and expanded in small, jerky motions.
"Or rather I should say the knife was deflected," he commented, "By copious amounts of metal casing. You're Kalkeus's boy." It wasn't a question.
"He, good Koios, is Prince Hector of Troy." Olympia was lounging in a corner of the room on the spare chair I noticed. Koios merely grunted and set to continue examining me. Not just the wound either. Using the small bloody wand, he prodded my various extremities, smiling every time he heard a clang; he even placed his ear against my heart to listen to it whir. He nodded for a moment, almost like he was keeping time with it, and then rose again. Seemingly this concluded his examination. He rummaged in his pack and brought out the tools for stitching wounds.
"Do you remember how you were born? How Kalkeus made you?"
"No." It was an odd question to ask, but apparently this Koios was familiar with Kalkeus and his work. I never supposed he had friends outside of the palace walls, but there was a lot I didn't know about him apparently.
"What do you remember from that day?"
"Pain. A fierce burning sensation that seemed to consume me. And that bastard, Antilles, not handing me my spear."
"Hmm, anything else?"
"No."
Details from that fateful day were rather sketchy. My memories of it were jumbled storms of thoughts, feelings, and half remembered gossip. Not all of it made sense to me, but the people I had asked about it had differing opinions. Plus, only Achilles himself knew about my final moments and he was loathe to discuss them. He was simplistic fellow interested only fighting and fornicating. The very fact he had slain me then had to face me again had thrown him off balance. These days he was polite, yet wary around me. In the time since my resurrection we had managed to avoid each other on the field of battle. I knew I could break his thick neck with hardly any effort, but something, deep inside me, said he was still important to this narrative. He had a part to play, just like me.
"You seem awfully comfortable with your situation," Koios commented. Strax barked a rough laugh.
"He wasn't always. Took a lot of wine to calm him down at first," he said. "Once he found out about his family we had to collapse a portion of the palace wall on him just to hold him still."
"I got over it. My family not so much. My wife is dead. My father won't acknowledge that I still live, and my brother just uses me to further his own ends." I managed to sit up a bit and took a long swig from Strax's cup to punctuate this bitter statement. It was water. The man knew me too well.
"Exactly. Very comfortable with your situation." The small, jerky whirring of his eyewear intensified as he finished the final stitch. He used his tweezers to tie an intricate knot at the end then stood up with a sigh.
"I suppose I should introduce myself," he said. "I am Koios, physician to Madame Falernia's fine establishment and curator of the Hermetic Library in the Egyptian Quarter."
"I didn't realize we had such an establishment," Strax said.
"Oh yes, quite a substantial one. Trojan records go back centuries. Most other libraries generally only extend as far back as its last sacking by barbarians," the man explained. "It had fallen into woeful disrepair as its last librarian had died quite suddenly in a most violent fashion. When Madame Falernia purchased this building she was offered it for a substantial discount. The owner was very eager to be rid of it. Being a great patroness of the arts, she wisely kept it open and appointed me its new steward."
"Yet you're the house doctor," I said.
"Oh yes, medicine is my first art, but I have long been an attendant and volunteer at the library before the siege began. I find it easy enough to balance both, considering most fights happen at night. My days are free for studying and caring for the knowledge contained inside it. Your friend Kalkeus was a frequent visitor, though he did enjoy the more worldly pleasures of Madame Falernia's."
"How do you know Kalkeus?" I asked, finally distracted by his battery of questions no longer.
"He was a seeker of knowledge," the main replied cryptically.
"Try again," Strax said.
"Soldiers, no respect for the finer arts of scholarship," Koios lamented. "Look," he said, "Kalkeus needed some help researching the religious practices of Troy. Specifically the elder gods of Gnosis."
"The Di Inferni? Why them?" The Kalkeus I knew wasn't particularly religious. Aside from his apprenticeship he generally steered clear of priests, Hippolytus excluded, but only because he was less stuffy than others.
"Something to do with the Palladium," Koios said. "Nothing he would explain in-depth to me."
"Well, the Palladium was a gift from the Olympians to us. A sign that they accepted our worship. The Di Inferni probably didn't think so highly of it." Koios chuckled appreciatively at this at comment.
"I can see why Kalkeus entrusted you to help recover the Palladium. You have a good head on your shoulders despite being one of Priam's whelps." I let the insult slide. Insults against the Royal House of Priam were all too common these days. If I instigated fights over every single one levied against us there wouldn't be any men left to levy into the army. His statement sunk in at last.
"Say again."
"So he didn't tell you?" Koios asked with genuine amazement.
"I know about the Palladium. It was stolen years ago by those dogs Ulysses and Diomedes. They parade it around at every opportunity they get. They say Helen helped them."
"But you know differently." Again, not a question. Strax stuck his nose into his wine glass while Hippolytus began examining the ceiling with great interest. Olympia simply looked confused.
"So I do. Now continue," I said stiffly. Koios pulled up a chair and sat before me. I attempted to sit up some more, but he pressed me back down with a bizarre hand. It felt like sweaty snake skin caressing me. I suppressed a shudder in deference to his fine needlework.
"Last time I spoke with Kalkeus, he was obsessed with getting it back. He said it affected the very foundations of the city. That our luck would protect us from our past. The man was always spouting nonsense, but he seemed more unhinged than usual."
"That could be why he was trying to desert. To recover the Palladium," Hippolytus said. He seemed marginally more sober despite the full cup of wine he still held in front of him.
"Could be, but why go to such lengths to rescue that old statue? I know it's supposed to be lucky, but quite honestly it's just an old statue we claim to be from the gods," I said, trying to recall the lectures from my history tutor. "Dardan probably claimed it was from the gods, then forced some poor slave to lug the damn thing around until we settled here and founded Troy." The poor bastard had died tragically after I left his care. My tutor that is, for all I know or care, Dardan lived to a ripe old age on the backs on his servants and peasantry.
"Oh Kalkeus claimed it was much bigger than that. The Palladium might be the only thing standing between this city and total destruction." Again, with that damnably normal voice. A portentous statement like that should be shouted, whispered, chanted Not said in the same fashion that one would order extra olive oil at the market.
"Why? It's just some statue of Pallas Athena. The bitch doesn't even bother acknowledging our pleas for victory anymore. The damn thing was so easy to steal because it was in some musty corner of the temple, which had long been abandoned when its priests jumped ship to their comrades over the wall." This might have been a simplification of the issue, but I was still at a loss as to why this statue had been so important to the old inventor. True, it was old and relatively venerated. It was also one of the few relics left over from the realm of legend, but saying it stood between Troy and destruction was assigning it a bit too much importance for my taste.
"It's said that the statue is Troy's luck, our divine protector. But do you know why it's called that?"
"No."
"Because it's shielding us from the gods we used to worship. From the very gods themselves."
"What are you talking about?" The man was babbling. Obviously he and Kalkeus had fed off these outrageous theories until it was an obsession. It had to be that. Otherwise, the implications were too terrifying to behold.
"The gods aligned themselves against us at the war's beginning. Everyone could see that plainly. They aren't our own. They are foreign gods from the mainland. We abandoned ours when we abandoned the old kingdom to the waves. Those sheepfucking Achaeans out there are their favored sons. We're just some upstart Easterners."
"And the Palladium protected us from them?" Hippolytus asked.
"Yes, Kalkeus was somehow able to twist it beyond its original purpose, to provide interference from the immortal Olympians. The gods are blocked by the gift they themselves gave to us."
"So if the Achaeans have it, why is it still protecting us?" Strax asked.
"Because those idiot's Kings can't figure out how to turn it off. Anything more complicated than a hole to shit in is too much for them. A complicated piece of machinery may as well be a foot stool for all the use they'll get out of it. Kalkeus had to dig deep into arcane arts of metalworking to configure it into a weapon against the gods. Aside from you, it was his greatest accomplishment."
"Then why rescue it?" Strax asked. He could see where this conversation was heading just as much as I could.
"Because it's still too important to leave in their hands. The gods are already on their side after all. The last thing they need is our luck as well. The moment the Palladium is turned off, you can bet the wrath of the gods is going to come down on someone."
"So where did I play a part in this?" It was my turn to speak now. I could tell this was some sort of fortuitous meeting. Perhaps the gods had pushed us together. Which gods I was uncertain. Not the Olympians. The old gods? The ones my family still secretly worshipped in those musty old cellars. No matter.
"I imagine he wanted you to rampage through the camp with some of your soldiers while he snuck in and grabbed the Palladium."I held back a snort of laughter. Perhaps this man was insane.
"Then he drastically overestimated my ability to commandeer troops. I may be Champion of Troy, but my brother Paris is the king and general of the army. I could probably get the Maiden's Guard to follow me without an order from Paris, but the other units would be too nervous. They don't have a powerful patron like Queen Helen to champion them. Even if I could commandeer that many troops, the Achaeans still outnumber us by a huge margin. We may be better trained, armored, and armed, but there's fifty of them to every one of us."
"Well, we have to figure out a way to get into the camp more discreetly then."
"Whoa, whoa! Don't drag me into all of this. I still have to figure out how who killed Kalkeus."
"He would want you to do this."
I could feel my mind shifting towards point of view. If the Palladium was this important then it was my duty to retrieve it, wasn't it? Maybe I should pass it off to the City Cohort. That bunch had dozens of informants and spies in the Achaean camp. Hell, it seemed like they came to me after every battle, bitching that one of my men had butchered one of their spies. Well, I say, if you're going to dress like an Achaean warrior on the field of battle, then you had to be ready for such eventualities like a Trojan sword through your neck.
"The Arcani could deal with it." Hippolytus and Strax made signs warding against evil. I resisted the urge to the same. Even to me they were scary.
"They were the ones who lost it in the first place." Koios said.
"They must be more incompetent than I thought," Strax muttered.
"No, just more susceptible to feminine wiles."
"Helen had nothing to do with it." The tone in my voice gave him a brief moment of pause. Once again the little eye lenses whirred in and out with sharp, faltering motions.
"Oh I know that as well as anyone," he said, finally. "But no, we keep the Arcani out of this."
"Fine, then how do we do it?" I regretted asking almost as soon as the words were out of my mouth. My two companions obviously felt the same way from the pained expressions on their face. Olympia merely continued to gorge herself on wine.
"We need to sneak into the Achaean encampment."
"Me lugging that great big statue will be rather obvious." I could only imagine carrying the weight of that chunk of wood all the way back to Troy. Presumably while Strax and Hippolytus fought off the entire Achaean nation. Presumably also while Koios was laughing his ass off at how easy it was to fool the Trojan prince into coming to the Achaean encampment to be captured. Olympia would probably be there too, but a woman like that would find a patron almost immediately. She'd be Queen of Crete within a month and worshipped in place of Aphrodite within two.
"A distraction is what we'll need. A way to get that statue out right from under their noses."
"Put on a show." This came from Olympia, who was reclining in her chair in a most unwomanly fashion. If she reclined any further back, and spread her knees any further, the whole city would get a look at her own furry palladium.
"Speak up, fair Olympia, all Hector's wine is making you slur your words," Koios said.
"Put on a show." She sat up and stretched her lovely features. "The Achaeans love plays and theatricals more than old Priam. Sneak in there as a theatrical troupe, and they'll give you the run of the camp."
"That's just ridiculous," Strax retorted. He pulled the wine skin farther away from her, ignoring her petulant look which swiftly turned to annoyance.
"No no, it might work," Hippolytus said. "If we can get in there with a good travelers wagon we would be able to haul the Palladium out. Ideally with the Achaeans not realizing anything until it's too late. Even if they find us out it'll be a lot easier to haul our asses out of the camp behind a team of mules. A rider on a fast horse might even make it to the gates first and alert the guard."
"It's not a bad idea, Hector," Strax concurred. He paused, "Well, it's a terrible idea, but it certainly could be worse. Plus, it would be a good boost to the people to recover the Palladium."
My head began throbbing again. Damn, there was no way out of this one. Even if Koios was just blowing smoke about its ability to protect us from the gods we could use the Palladium for its propaganda value."
"We would need to find a wagon and team for it," I said.
"Quartermaster owes me a favor. I'll take care of that," Strax said.
"Then we would need a way to get out of the city unnoticed and into the Greek camp as a play troupe."
"I'll go talk to the scouts and see where Achaean patrols have been heavy. If we just showed up at the gates of the Achaean camp it would be very suspicious," Hippolytus said. "We just need to go out to where the Achaeans patrol the heaviest and let ourselves be caught. They would escort us back into the camp and announce us to the whole camp."
"Well, we would need a play to put on," I pointed out. "It would look very suspicious if we claimed to be an acting troupe yet didn't have a performance to put on."
"I know just the guy," Olympia said. "Used to come in here all the time till he caught the Long Inch, and then Madame Falernia threw him out for good."
"Oh no, not him!" Koios moaned. "That crazy bastard will get us flayed for indecency. The Achaeans will cry sacrilege and throw us into the fire pits."
"Well, do you have any better ideas? Do you have a play laying around we could use?" Olympia asked angrily. She was rather pretty when angry. "It has to be him. He's probably the only playwright left in the city, and even if he wasn't, he's the only one crazy enough to help us."
Koios sighed deeply, presumably for dramatic effect.
"Good Prince, we must go find the playwright named Plautus the Bastard. He, as the lovely Olympia pointed out, is the only man who can help us."
"Why is he called Plautus the Bastard?" Strax asked.
"All shall be made known to you soon. Please go and ask Madame Falernia to have the large litter brought to the back of the house. And pack wine. Lots of wine for our future companion."

Chapter 8
I left Strax and Hippolytus to fetch Plautus the so called Bastard. Olympia and Koios accompanied them, ostensibly because they knew him and might ease the way for my companions. I had a sinking suspicion that those two would end up going with us to the Achaean camp. Whether they would make it out alive was a whole other matter. Then again, chances were pretty good that I wouldn't either.
I needed to finish up a little business first before I could go off gallivanting to rescue the Palladium. Something about how the Palladium was stolen sat wrong with me. It seemed like everyone in the city suspected Helen was involved, with the notable exception of anybody who was closer to the Palladium. It seemed like everyone in the Palace knew something I didn't. I needed to speak with someone who was an expert on what happened that night. By that of course, I meant the chief of the Cohort himself, Nicostratus.
In the aftermath of the Achaean invasion, the secret Cohort had completely reorganized themselves. They were no longer the refuge for the doltish sons of wealthy Trojans who needed a place to pack away idiot children. They were given a retired general as their chief and a plump war chest to provision themselves. Priam had used them to infiltrate the Achaean encampments and sow dissent and mayhem. My brother Paris used them to smuggle more harem girls in. I'm sure they had other uses, but my brother was loathe to waste such talent on mundane things like winning a war.
I sauntered through the streets, out of the seedy part of Troy and into a place full of the easy money of the merchant quarter. Their proximity to the underbelly of the city was no coincidence. The houses grew increasingly large and extravagant the closer I got to the heart of the district. This of course culminated in the grand market square, known simply as the Comitium. Here the wares of the world were available for purchase. Rare cloth from the four corners of the known world, precious gems the size of a roc's egg, and even the occasional shifty looking merchant with no noticeable merchandise. These were the drug sellers and weapon merchants, both illegal to the common man. This law was generally only enforced when the mood of the people was tense. They were liable to riot after poor battles or the loss an outlying fort. The tenuous link that kept the city fed also led to many a riot in the Comitium. If it was a food riot, the conscripts on duty were locked in their barracks while the professional soldiers put down any unrest. My father had learned the hard way that conscripts were awful for riot suppression and were more likely to join the looters.
Still, the Comitium could be called the heart of Troy. Its vast paved expanse was home to not just merchandise, but the most valued coin to the Trojan soul: gossip. This might be a good place to cull some information before speaking to Nicostratus. I just needed the right source.
Surrounding the open expanse were even more statues to Trojan heroes of old. Included in those ranks were multiple statues to Paris. Paris the Archer. Paris the Swordsman. Paris the Horse Soldier. Paris the Incompetent Fool. Maybe not that last one, but it was pleasant to imagine what it would depict if made. I stopped by a food seller's stall and ordered a steaming bowl of seafood soup. The price was outrageous, but the next food caravan had been quite a long time ago. I thanked the elderly gap toothed woman who generously provided me with an extra butt of bread before bowing low. I murmured my thanks and slipped more coins onto the stall while she was occupied with raising herself.
I scanned the crowd for any familiar faces. The patricians should be done with their afternoon deliberations by now. Most would retire here for the rest of the day unless specific business led them elsewhere. Most were Paris's toadies, bought by his bribes and promises of wealthy provinces to govern after the war was over, but there were some in the opposition parties of our fledgling assembly who kept their own counsel about the King. I saw one such man resting on the pedestal of Paris the Archer.
Herodion was taking his leisure in the shade provided by the statue. The remains of his sizable lunch were next to him. He burped contentedly as I approached.
"Hail, Hector, Prince of Troy," he said formally, raising a hand in the age old Trojan salute. I returned the salute, but enjoined him to stay seated. I sat next to him as he cleaned the space of food scraps.
"What news, noble Herodion?" I asked.
"My gout is inflamed again and I fear this winter sun is doing nothing to improve my cold," he said. His eyes were filled with mirth though so I took no notice of his complaining.
"I'm about ready to go see that Achaean physician who lives at Falernia's," he continued. "Not sure what good Achaean medicine is, but it has to be better than old Aulus. The damn fool wanted to amputate my whole foot! For one measly gout toe! I had to have my scribes fight him off with their scrolls and styluses. Thank the gods he didn't come with his attendants or we might have had a brawl right there in my home."
"I would definitely recommend visiting this doctor," I replied. I lifted my tunic a bit to show off the latest needlework applied to my hide.
"That's good stitch work," he said, bending low to allow his poor eyes to better admire it. "He ought to work in the Palace. Maybe old Priam would come out of his chambers if he had a decent physician taking care of him. Whores and scribes can only do so much for a man."
"Scribes?"
"Oh, yes," Herodion murmured. "He's writing a definitive history of the Trojan Empire. From the founding of Gnosis up to the present day. Claims it will end with your death."
This soured my mood spectacularly. Herodion was sharp enough to catch on.
"It's all just talk. The rumor started with a washer lady who cleaned his privy last week. She claimed he's already filled a whole wall with scrolls," he said "As if there's enough history to Troy to do that. What would he write about?"
"Wars make for good history"
"And peace for good philosophy," he finished. "Boring philosophy from a bunch of lazy Argives with more wool in their heads than in their clothes more like. We Trojans tend to make our wars quick and dirty and not so suitable for lengthy epics. Too efficient. This is the first war that's gone beyond a year or so. Even the Balkan raids were shorter."
"Once we destroyed Thebes that is," I said. "Then we did have seven martial princes who were more than happy to carry war to their gates personally."
"Truly a Golden Age," Herodion agreed. "But something tells me you're not here to gossip with a forum warrior like me." It was appropriate appellation for the portly old man. Herodion had never served a day in the armies as most of his contemporaries had. Instead, a rare birth defect afflicting his heart allowed him to go directly into foreign service for the kingdom. That was where a man like him could truly shine. Why hack a man to death with a great big sword when you could bribe him to hack his ally to death with his great big sword? By the time he retired from active service the man had prevented a score of wars with neighboring kingdoms. Usually by starting proxy wars with their neighbors. Once the two kingdoms were exhausted from beating each other, the Trojan army appeared on the horizon and subjugated both.
"No, I am not," I confessed. "It is a bonus though to speak with an old friend. What I came here for is some information about the night the Palladium was taken." He cocked a bushy white eyebrow.
"Odd topic to discuss with one who was farther from the action than you," he commented.
"I know, but humor me. It's good to get multiple perspectives on the proceedings," I explained. It was true to a certain extent. I knew vaguely what had happened that night, but I could use another analysis from someone not directly associated with it.
"Well from what I could tell the arcani were tasked with the protection of the Palladium as usual," he explained. "I've been doing some investigating of my own and have found there were a string of deaths to Palace Guards in the nights leading up to the theft. This probably should've alerted someone, but the arcani have grown lazy I suppose and you were indisposed that night." He said this last bit with a certain amount of politic, but it still struck me hard.
"Yes, it seems as if everyone in the Palace knows of my affair with Helen and yes I was with her that night," I said a bit stiffly. There was no use denying it anymore, especially since it seemed everyone knew about it to one degree or another. I always figured some people in the Palace would guess eventually.
"Yes, well that 'secret' is ensuring she gets the lion's share of the blame from the commons now that it's become public knowledge the Palladium was stolen. According to the stories I could ferret out after the fact from the surviving guards"
I cut him off with a hand. "Wait, guards were killed that night? I thought they were lulled to sleep by some godly aura."
He gave me a steady, hard look for a moment, and then turned away and blinked, "Hmm, is that what they're calling it these days? Well, this godly aura took the form of a beautiful brunette woman, with the loveliest emerald eyes, who approached the arcani on duty." He turned back to me. "She was swathed in rich clothing that hid her face, but most assumed it was good Helen of Troy."
"She was with me that night in her apartments. The sergeant of the Maiden's Guard can attest to that, along with the rest of her guard detail," I said. The mention of that night of passion brought back a flood of raw memories. It had been our last night together. Not for lack of passion or for lack of trying, but rather it was the night my wife discovered us.
"Exactly, but these men decided not to care who it was when she started sucking them off."
"What?!" I exclaimed. "Helen would never stoop to something so base."
"Keep your voice down," Herodion cautioned. "I never said it was her. In fact by that point most people in the Palace knew exactly what was going on between you two. Now back to the night in question, after theirehinteractions with this mysterious woman both guards fell asleep."
"So much for godly aura. I'm surprised they didn't ask her to run to kitchen to grab them a snack," I muttered, shaking my head. "Who is your source?"
"The third arcani on duty that night. He wasn't in the room with the Palladium, but posted outside of it. He claims he never saw a woman enter or leave. His comrades only fessed up after Paris had the irons put to them." He paused and uncorked a small skin of wine. I waved away the offer of a drink. Something told me I needed to keep my wits about me. After a shrug and a long gulp, he continued his story.
"Now, it appears the arcani have closed ranks around the whole affair. I couldn't get near anyone after that initial talk with the third guard. His superiors wouldn't let anyone near them, including any snoopy patrician investigators," he said with a smile.
"But you found a way"
"No, I never spoke to the three again. Paris had them killed immediately."
"Hardly surprising, but still rather harsh don't you think?"
"Not when you consider that these three men claimed Helen of Troy walked in there, debased herself to two commoners, and then colluded with the Argives to steal our most prized artifact," Herodion said. "He was protecting you, Hector. No doubt he was acting in the best interest of the kingdom too, but he moved so quickly before you could announce to everyone that Helen had nothing to do with it all. That would've brought some uncomfortable questions from all corners." The old bastard had a point. That sounded exactly like something I would do. Go charging into the bullpen, and then figure out I had left my armor and sword behind, but only after I was impaled on its horns.
"You're going after it, aren't you?" he asked suddenly.
"Why do you say that?" I asked, stunned.
"Because you're very easy to read, Prince Hector of Troy," he replied. "It's why I like you so much. Besides we need our luck back. Haven't you heard? The latest food caravans were overrun by the Myrmidons. Add that to the outlying citadels we lose faster than you can recover them"
"Plus an incompetent King," I continued. Herodion's eyes twinkled under bushy white eyebrows and then grew softer.
"Go easy on the boy. He was never meant for the kingship," he said. "You have to remember that you were supposed to be King, not him."
"I know," I replied. "He just makes it hard to like him."
"He has been living his whole lift being compared to his siblings," he said and took another swig. "Think about it. You were always the strong warrior. The boy who would be King and general one day. Cassandra and Helenus are the strange little prophets. They can be too strange to be around for long periods of time, but they have their uses. Even the half-siblings and royal bastards find purpose as the upper echelon of the army. What about Paris? Full-blooded royalty, but destined for what?"
"Exotic whores, far away postings to peaceful colonies, and an early retirement to one of the country houses surrounded by loyal soldiers ready to slip a dagger into his heart at even the first hint of rebellion," I replied. "Not a bad life for one such as he."
"Yes, but when compared against what was in store for you, it could hardly be considered a life at all," he said softly. I remained silent. After a few moments Herodion drained the last of his wineskin, stood up and stretched languidly.
"This is where I must leave you, my lord," Herodion said, fixing the skin back into his cloak, "Old men such as I need frequent rest. Besides my sister is forcing me to host her poetry reading with the other society ladies. I wouldn't want to miss such an event."
We both had a hearty laugh over this. I gave him my sincere thanks and watched as he walked away into the bustling crowd. He had given me much to mull over. A few answers yes, but also more questions. Time to go visit the City Cohort headquarters. Perhaps I could glean something from there.

The headquarters of the Cohort inhabited another one of those brilliant cyclopean temples our ancestors had been so fond of. It was the traditional domed roof supported by pure white columns with a multitude of stairs leading up to its entrance. It was quite a grand building for so small a force. Traditionally, the Cohort were the support arm of the patrician assembly. They were guards, investigators, and clerks for these august gentlemen. Their numbers stood in equal amount to the arcani, whom they considered their rivals. They were still a relatively new force within the city and were supposed to check the power of the arcani, who were wholly at the King's disposal. It had been Herodion himself who put them in charge of their present mission: checking the flood of smuggling and investigating thefts of vital stores. Some might snigger at the nitpicky nature of this job, but it was a vital one. Recovered goods were usually sold at market price by the Palace instead of the inflated prices set by the black market, and the ordinary people were the beneficiaries for once.
Upon entering the dusty, sparse interior I loudly demanded to see Captain Nicostratus. I usually tried to avoid this loutish behavior, but I had to admit, it got results. It also helped that I was a Prince of Troy and second only to the King.
I was hastily escorted into the central atrium of Nicostratus. The room was a sparse monument to old Trojan sensibilities. On the white plaster walls were various campaigns flags taken from various battlefields that Nicostratus had won in his soldiering days. There were two separate weapon racks, one it seemed for spears and the other for swords. His desk had a third, smaller rack for daggers. Otherwise the floors were bare of any rugs or other decorations. Nicostratus himself stood before the door to his landing, standing at parade rest and looking out over the city. At my arrival he turned around to attention and positively shouted a greeting.
"Hail! Prince Hector of Troy!" Aside from the volume, which threatened to deafen me, it was complimented by a perfect martial salute. I acknowledged both and indicated he should stand at rest. His spine and bearing loosened ever so slightly. The man suited the decor: a gray bearded former campaigner with no real life outside his work. He was a short, thin little man who stood perhaps up to my chin. Still, even with all my advantages, I would tread warily in a fight with him. Aside from his dour, conservative demeanor his other defining feature was his missing left arm. During a night of heavy drinking as a young man he had attempted the famed Minoan bull jumping feat. A mistimed jump had seen him gored through the left shoulder and dragged for dozens of yards before falling off. After regaining his footing, he directed his attentions away from bull jumping and had gone straight to bull fighting. Wielding his great shield one handed, he had bludgeoned the bull into submission and then, to the amazement of his equally drunk comrades, had let the beast go. From then on, he had declined to ever drink again and had taken the bull leaper as his personal crest. All of the clothing he wore carried that same sigil on it somewhere in remembrance of the life changing moment.
"Thank you, noble Nicostratus."
"Now, sire, tell me what brings you to my humble office," he said.
"I want to know how far along you are with the Palladium investigation. It has been quite some time." This seemed to catch him off guard, but he quickly recovered his impassive face.
"I'm afraid that is confidential information, sire," he informed me.
I raised myself up and squared my shoulders, the gears within me giving a soft hum as I did so, "As your Prince I order you to reveal the findings of your investigation."
"And by order of the Patrician Assembly, none of the Royal Family is to know about the findings so far," he shot back. I decided against sparking another governmental feud with the assembly.
I relaxed a little, "What can you tell me?" I asked. "Besides Queen Helen being a prime suspect?"
"Nothing beyond that."
"You'll need to do better than that." I looked down my royal nose at him and brought the heat into my glare. He returned the heat with interest. The wiry little man's attitude towards members of the Royal Family stood somewhere between mild annoyance and aggressive dislike, depending on the situation. I could feel the scale tipping towards the latter. Finally, with a sigh he gave in.
"Helen and Cassandra. Both are under investigation since they are the only two women of regal bearing with brunette hair."
"So why target Helen specifically?" I asked. "Cassandra is always muttering that Troy must fall or some such nonsense. Aiding the Achaeans would be a handy way of seeing that come to fruition."
"Orders from the Palace stated we were to do as much," he replied.
"From the King?" I asked sharply.
"No, not quite that far up," Nicostratus replied. "It came from the chambers of your Father. It bore his seal and the King's seal, so I had to assume it was with his blessing as well. I was ordered to focus my investigation on Queen Helen and not Princess Cassandra, who was apparently attending to her father at the time."
"Did you check-" He cut me off with an upraised palm.
"Yes, I double check the sources," he said. "This post may be a political one and an attempt to please the patrician assembly, but I certainly take it very seriously," he nodded toward the hall outside his door, "I had my men double check with the attendant scribes who confirmed she, Priam, and Prince Helenus were all together at the time. Princess Cassandra declined to be interviewed, though we able to track her movements during the hours leading up the theft."
I stood thoroughly chastised at his efficiency and detail to duty. Here was a man who attacked his investigation the way he would have attacked an enemy soldier on the battlefield. I almost envied his abilities. My attempts to at this sort of work had rapidly come to naught. I chose my next words carefully as he scrutinized me in turn.
"Nicostratus, you impress me with your methods," I began. "If only all public servants showed such dedication to the Royal House." His face soured at such obviously false praise so I decided to tone back a bit.
"And I know how difficult it is to keep your budget intact given the nature of the patrician assembly." That distinguished company of men was notorious for wanting all the trappings of a so-called modern empire, but were often unwilling to pay the costs. Currently, the Cohort was funded through contributions from individual members. Needless to say, the balance still often came up short, though Herodion was always willing to contribute to the deficient. The elder patrician may be generous, but he was not stupid. The Cohort always made sure he received a share of the loot they captured.
Suddenly, I had a rare moment of inspiration. "It seems to me that one of the greatest threats facing your neworganization is the lack of a Royal patron. Help me out in this investigation and I would gladly step into that role. The power of the arcani has grown too great since my father stepped down. We need something to balance them out. That something could be your Cohort."
He made to speak, but it was my turn to interrupt.
"I would never impede the pursuit of justice. If Queen Helen is aiding our enemies then she must die. I only ask that you keep me abreast of the situation and allow me certain latitudes. Such as first notice of any of your findings. I want to be there when you take down the perpetrator." Nicostratus seemed to look down on me from under stone gray eyebrows. This was quite a feat considering I was a great deal taller than him. Finally, the storm in his head seemed to clear, and he nodded ever so slightly.
"We must discuss the details of this venture later, my lord," he said. "I will tell you one last thing. We have received instructions from the palace to place Queen Helen in our custody. We would be carrying it out now if not for your unexpected arrival. We were ordered to carry it out discreetly with a minimum of fuss."
"If she has been under suspicion for so long, why wait until now to arrest her?" I asked.
"It is not my place to say. This carried the seal of your brother the King and your brother the chamberlain," Nicostratus replied. "I tell you this only as a courtesy."
"Where would you keep her?"
"The Clostra."
"No, not there. Put her anyplace else." It took all of my royal self-control not to cry out. That black pit would break her will within hours. It was where we placed our most dangerous criminals and traitors to the state. Peace treaties had been signed based only on threats of imprisonment there. It was more feared than the river Styx and the lands beyond. In the deepest dungeon below the Palace, in a place of singular darkness was the Clostra. It was merely a hole in the ground leading into an old cistern, but it carried a terrifying reputation. Prisoners were thrown in there as a punishment for the most heinous crimes against Man and Gods to spend their few remaining days amongst the decay of former prisoners. It had been at least a century since anyone had emerged from there to tell of what lay beyond the gaping maw of the Clostra.
"No exceptions can be made for traitors," Nicostratus calmly replied.
"Few thrown into that foul pit have ever come out and even the ones that do are afflicted with insanity and a fear of darkness. Queen Helen will die down there and you know it."
"No exceptions," Nicostratus repeated. He stood with his hands behind his back and his expression completely neutral. I briefly considered cracking him across the skull and throwing him into the Clostra. That well thought out and considered plan was interrupted by the arrival of Nicostratus's men. They saluted him formally; when they saw me, I thought their eyes would pop out of their skulls. In unison all four men dropped to their knees in a formal obeisance. I declined to explain that in times of war no formal bows were required for the martial princes. Instead, I told them to arise and explain their interruption.
"Messenger arrived for you, sire," their sergeant explained in that crisp, clear voice that veterans across the world had honed to an art form. He handed me a crisp scroll and then bowed again. Nicostratus dismissed them with another of his curt nods.
"You've whipped them into shape," I commented. "Hard to believe most of the Cohort has existed for so little time."
"Thank you, sire, but I do not wish to detain you," he said indicating the unopened scroll. I bowed in consent and returned his salute. As I exited the building, I perused the contents of the scroll. After a florid preamble I found the intent of the message.
Please join us in our father's chambers. We have much to discuss.
Cassandra
Helenus
Now this was unexpected. I generally only encountered those two oddballs at the family rites or in the paltry Royal Library. They were often there purloining books for their own private collections. The librarians had long since stopped trying to prevent the blatant thefts. Had they heard I was investigating the Palladium disappearance? If they had, then I knew they would rightly suspect my suspicions of Cassandra. I was Helen's alibi for that night. Cassandra? Her cronies would certainly vouch for her, but I couldn't trust them.
I cut through the crowd and made my way back to the Palace. I would get answers out of my weird little siblings one way or another.

I beat a fist against the doors of their chambers. After my father had abdicated the throne Cassandra too had declared her intent to abandon public life. Ostensibly it was to care for her poor, aging father, but she and Helenus always had ulterior motives for everything. A liveried servant opened the door and beckoned me in while performing a strange series of bows. The man was like no other palace attendant I had ever seen. He still wore the traditional black garb of palace servants, but had a small crest affixed to the shoulder. I grabbed him before he could bow again and stared at it.
It was a small pictogram of some sort drawn in black on a red background. It was a crude, offensive thing. I plucked it from his tunic and sent him to announce my presence. I stared once more at this crude affectation the twins had given their servants. Another one of their brief fancies. I didn't doubt it would change within the month to some other foul Thracian cult or Egyptian sand god or whatever was in fashion in Antioch. The only thing they loved more than their strange occultism was the fashion of foreign nations. Good old Trojan society was beneath them. They preferred the garb of those small, despot ridden city states in Parthia and Greece and who knows where else.
"Greetings, brother."
Cassandra and Helenus appeared amidst a pack of exotic birds. They were dressed in similar fashions and colors. Cass wore some caftan of purple and gold thread with plumes of ostrich feathers forming a fan behind her thick black curls. Helenus wore a similar garb, but it was a modified Trojan tunic hemmed with gold and dyed purple. His lustrous black hair was free from adornment, but that was generally true all the time. He was indecently proud of his hair and wanted everyone to know how lovely it was. They both wore that annoyingly serene look that drove me to madness whenever I tried to get straight answers out of them. I feared today would be no different.
"You wished to see me sister?"
"Yes."
"We very much wished to speak you."
"On matters of great import."
I gritted my teeth. They were doing that thing again. Matching the pitch of each other's voice and making minimal facial movements; this was to throw people off and make them unable to tell who was speaking.
"We have learned you are investigating the disappearance of the Palladium all too long ago."
"We wish you to stop."
"It is of great importance to the family that Troy not recover her so called 'Luck'"
"I'm afraid I can't do that," I replied. This caused twin grimaces to emerge from the serenity of their faces.
"Brother, do not make us have Father demand that you stop. His word is still law."
"Kalkeus was trying to find out what happened to the Palladium. He was killed for it and I intend to find out why."
"Kalkeus was a fool and a crackpot. His inventions that Father lauded so were affronts to the gods of Troy."
"We should have turned to them in our time of need, not some old heretic with too little sense to stop poking his nose where it wasn't wanted."
Helenus stopped, mouth agape, as if just realizing what he had said. Cassandra shot him a venomous look and then hastened over to me. She took me by the arm and turned me towards the garden at an easy strolling pace. Helenus remained behind us, his green eyes stewing. We walked along a garden path bursting with flowers and trees. It was almost funny that we walked through the gardens that Kalkeus had worked so hard to make a reality. He had perfected his irrigation methods here, and now water was pumped in from a massive underground cistern to provide green things in all seasons.
"Brother," she began. "Forgive Helenus, you know he never liked Kalkeus like the rest of us did." I shot her a harsh look that I hoped matched the one she had given Helenus moments before.
"I, at least, tolerated him," she corrected. "Kalkeus was always snooping around here. Always wishing to speak with Father. We denied that request of course; Father is far too unwell to see visitors from his past. More troubling though was the way the old inventor would look at the family chapel."
We stood in front of that same building now. We passed within and Cassandra hastily covered her head with an ornate veil. She had never been this pious around the Olympian temples. Within was the simple building where my family worshipped the ancestral gods. The walls and columns were a deep red with wooden carvings of the elder gods. Age had worn away any defining features of them and I hardly considered them sacred at all. They looked more like uncut wooden pillars than centuries old idols from a long forgotten city. At the front was a stone altar and an ancient banner our family claimed was from Gnosis.
It was a faded green color that had gone splotchy white in places. If you concentrated hard enough you could see a figure sheathed in armor, standing on a field of some kind. He held his sword towards the ground and his other arm was extended towards the sun in the fashion of the Trojan martial salute. I had been warned never to touch it, lest it crumble to dust. It was immensely old, and it remained one of the few things I liked about the chapel; it represented the core of Trojan beliefs in the arts of war and proper obedience to some higher power. What stood below the altar was less noble.
At first glance it was a merely a drain grate of some kind. These could be found everywhere in Trojan streets to help rid us of excess water and household waste. This one became more sinister once you noticed the sluices led from the top of the stone altar to exit at the drain. It was called the Black Gate and all the blood from sacrifices drained down there to appease the gods below. They were claimed by some to be the ancient gods of Gnosis who had followed us in our wanderings to our new home. They were then supplanted by the Olympian gods who granted us the Palladium as a gift. The luck it brought to our city ended the worship of the Di Inferni, with the sole exception of this chapel, where bizarre rites were held at every gibbous moon. These were sparsely attended at best. I had stopped providing excuses for my absence and merely abandoned them all together.
"What was he trying to find out?" I asked.
"I don't know, but once Helenus and I caught him trying to remove the grate over the Gate." We paused before that doorway to the world beneath. I looked down it and tried to fathom its distance. The twins claimed it extended all the way down to the home of the Di Inferni. Paris often claimed it was merely a very deep hole full of dried blood. It made me nervous either way. Kalkeus was trying to remove it? For what purpose?
"Perhaps he merely wished to see these little gods for himself? He always was a skeptic." Cass found nothing funny in this jest and her silence said as much.
"I would ask him myself," I continued. "But I fear his death prevents that. Cass, I believe he was killed because he was investigating the disappearance of the Palladium."
"Good riddance to that Achaean trash," Cass replied. "It was an affront to the ancestors of Troy who fought the Greeks for centuries and then had to seek refuge in their lands. We should have thrown it from one of Kalkeus' device towards the their camp. The gods would ensure it flew true."
"As if your little gods could do that," I scoffed. "You've been sequestered here too long, Cassandra. Get out amongst the common people of this city and here what they say about the Di Inferni. 'Don't you get dirty before dinner or the little gods will come for you.' 'Don't you eat another pastry or you'll be plump enough for the gods below to eat.' They have been reduced to mere bogeymen in the eyes of Trojans. In the war for supremacy over the heart of Troy, the Di Inferni have lost soundly. The Olympians are our new gods, and we are theirs. Let the little gods keep the tunnels and warrens underground."
"You may come to regret those words, brother," Cassandra spat. Her eyes blazed with fury. I feared she would attack me with those vicious, gilded nails of hers. I decided to zig where she expected me to zag.
"Where were you the night the Palladium disappeared?" This didn't produce the desired effect. Her rage cooled and she took on the look of a very satisfied Egyptian cat.
"I was here, Brother," she said. "I was in audience with noble Priam and all his attendants. Already his age was beginning to show at that point. I was reading him some epic verse to help ease his mind and allow him to sleep. I remember him distinctly asking for you, as his favorite son, to attend to him. I must admit my own voice is far inferior to your own. It broke his heart when I told him you were detained."
I grunted as if struck in the gut.
"Can anyone confirm that?"
"Why would they not?" she replied. "There were at least a dozen scribes here plus servants for refreshments and father's women of course. All can attest that I was here all night. Father insisted I keep reading for hours. Eventually he fell asleep, but it was a most fitful rest so I kept reading until the early hours of day, hoping to assuage him."
Dead end then. All in this wing of the palace were firmly under the thumb of her and Helenus. To defy them probably meant death.
"Then I must take my investigations elsewhere, sister," I said. "Thank you for your time and cooperation. Give my regards to Father."
"I will, Brother," she said. "Will we see you at the next family rites? The gibbous moon is upon us and the Royal Family must fulfill their obligations to our ancient gods."
"I think not, Cass," I replied. "I have much to do and very little time in which to accomplish it." I strode out the door of the chapel then paused. I stepped to the side of the door then peaked around back into the building. Cassandra was still in there, but now she crouched next to the Black Gate. She was whispering intently into the black depths. The woman was obviously crazy. Yet as I turned to go, if I strained my ears, I thought I could hear something whispering back.

Chapter 9
It was time to investigate the scene of the crime now. I needed to visit where the Palladium had been stolen. I left through one of the myriad side doors in the palace and hurried across the avenue towards the Comitium. The Temple of Athena had at one point been the center of worship for Troy. Then the war with the Achaeans came, and the priests and priestesses had abandoned the city. In the days following it was still occupied by the Palladium and the supplicants who came to beg it for fortune in life, love, and commerce. After the theft the whole building had been closed to the commons. The arcani were posted just inside to prevent squatters and looters. Usually, their reputation for viciousness was enough to keep people clear.
The building itself was done in the traditional Doric style. Huge, cyclopean columns supported a lavish marble roof. Age and weather had rendered the once brilliant white columns a dull, bone color. This gave the temple the appearance of some bizarre god's bones, bleaching in the sun. A massive statue of the patroness stood in front of the temple. She was in her warrior aspect and was lifting her spear in triumph over some unknown enemy. Graffiti and the dung of birds gave her a haggard appearance, as if she was no longer crying out in victory, but rather shouting to the heavens that she still existed, that she still required worship. We Trojans had resolutely ignored her pleas for over a decade now.
I passed beneath the pillared roof and into the temple proper. No lamps were there and the whole place was swathed in deep shadows despite the midday sun outside. Within the complex were various alcoves devoted to the goddess's multiple aspects. Since we had imported her from the Achaeans, the goddess had gradually subsumed quite a few old fashioned Trojan deities. My father had tried to reinstate the old gods of Gnosis when his reign first started decades earlier. Several days of riots later he had relented and confined the Di Inferni to the family chapel in the Palace. The statues and altars were coated in dust and disuse. Despite the cavernous interior, it seemed like my footfalls were muffled as if the silence was too deep here for one man's noise to make much effect, even with my added machinery.
In the darkness I approached the pedestal where the Palladium had once stood. It was empty now, but the signs that it had once been occupied were still there. Paris had ordered that no offerings were to be laid here anymore. It was a tainted site and was to be treated as such. There were plenty of footsteps in the dust around the pedestal, but that was to be expected anytime there were bored soldiers in the area. I bent to examine some of the footsteps. Definitely the iron shod boots of the arcani, but there were others too. One set went all the way around the pedestal multiple times. This one wore the soft leather sandals favored by Kalkeus to relieve his foot pain.
What had the old bastard been doing here? The Kalkeus I knew had rarely left his laboratory, yet now I was finding out he was visiting whorehouses, investigating temples, and even plotting how to rescue the most sacred icon in Troy. This was not the portly, reticent inventor I affectionately called 'father'. This was a man I didn't even know. But then, what did I really know about him? I had gleaned a little from the outside sources and a few tidbits from the man himself when he was deep in his cups.
He claimed to have been born in Troy during the reign of my grandfather. His parents were poor tavern keepers, but they had been a happy family. When they died shortly before his twentieth year they left him a meager fortune that they had been saving. He had always been fond of inventing, but never fond of the gods, to use his own words. Still, he studied with the priests of Hephaestus to learn their centuries of metal crafting lore. Supposedly, he had spent much time communing with the Di Inferni in the old rustic worship sites beyond the city walls. He claimed that just as the gods on Olympus used humans for their purposes, so was he using these for his own ends. Then he would usually shush me and go back to tinkering with my mechanical aspects.
I began to follow the one set of steps around the pedestal to the back. Worn clearly in the dirt were signs that the pedestal had been moved. Not just an inch or two, but several feet and then pushed back to its original place. How did a portly, wine besotted old man move this pedestal? I gave it an experimental push and it slid easily. Well, I was different. Kalkeus did not have metal enhanced strength like me. I pushed it some more, softly, all too aware that I should have run into some arcani by now. Below me was a gaping hole in the ground. Not a clean, constructed hole, but one with ragged edges and uneven sides like some colossal badger den. Nothing penetrated its Stygian darkness. This was a mouth to the river Styx itself. I pulled a bit of cloth from my pouch and lit it with my fingers. Once it caught enough, I tossed it into the black mouth to illuminate its cavernous fathoms.
It landed about five feet down and illuminated a bit more of the hole itself. There was a passage leading further into the darkness. I longed to jump in there and follow it, as Kalkeus surely must have done, but I had no torches or anything to help me. A slight scuffing of a boot on marble came from my left. I hastily placed the pedestal back in its original spot, and then turned to face the noise. My hand reflexively gripped my dagger hilt while I felt my muscles tensing and whirring. A hand fell upon my shoulder. I instinctively whirled and smashed an iron fist into the face of the offending hand's owner. Blood spurted from his nose and mouth as he flew backwards into a mass of men dressed in all black. Gauzy black scarves covered their faces up to their eyes, all of which were covered by strange goggles with red tinted glass.
The arcani had arrived. Like wolves, they tended to operate in large groups, sacrificing themselves recklessly to take down their target. Usually this target was an enemy King or champion striding around the battlefield. Apparently, I was their target this day. They charged at me en masse.
I smiled and charged back. If they were wolves, then I was an elephant with steel in my spine and most importantly, my fists. The force of my impact scattered them like lawn pins. I grabbed the nearest one by the scruff and hurled him into group charging me with swords drawn. They carried the curved, single edged makhaira, which was slightly longer than my own thick pig sticker. Unfortunately this was still resting in my chambers next to my bed. A sword flashed towards my face. I grabbed it by the blade, wincing at how it cut into my palm, then crushed the metal and broke it in half. A swift headbutt sent the man reeling, still holding the remnants of his sword. The advantage of their eastern style blade was that it was good for hacking a man to pieces. The disadvantage lay in trying to stab your opponent. I grunted as a swordtip nicked me in the leather of my armor. It had slid aside on my metal ribcage and not penetrated. Still, it hurt like the Fury's and I made sure my kick shattered the leg of the offending arcani.
Swords broke, bones shattered, and still they came at me. They had discarded their swords and were instead trying to pin me to the ground through sheer force of numbers. More and more seemed to be pouring in through the shadows of the temple. A sharp blow to the back of my head brought me to my knees, and from there to the ground, as their numbers took their toll. I tried redirecting any remaining power my arms. I got halfway up and then collapsed to the ground again. Same result for my legs. I was beat.
"Get off him," came an oily, familiar voice. Helenus, the rat bastard counted command of the arcani among his duties as chamberlain.
"Call off your dogs, Helenus," I croaked from under the press of flesh.
"Ah, Brother, so this is the madman who attacked the guards on duty and started this brawl," he said. He practically oozed satisfaction at my current state. His arcani started shifting off me.
"No, stay for a moment. Keep him restrained. I want to speak with him," he said as he bent low to face me. His eyes burned like the sun and his thin, almost feminine lips were curled back into a snarl.
"If I thought I could get away with it I would cut your throat right here," he said, "But our brother still has use for a freak like you and he is still King for now."
The 'for now' part did not escape my notice. I held my tongue though and planned my own little surprise for him. Like most dastardly villains, and by now I knew he was such, he had a penchant for hearing his own voice waxing poetic.
"I don't know what that bitch sees in you besides a broken wreck of metal and flesh," he continued. "She will come around once this war is over, and you are off on your grand war of conquest. Oh yes, I know all about that. Our brother has placed me in charge of your itinerary while he continues his sword training and dines with his harem. It even has the vote of confidence from our father as well." He must have read some unknown look on my face, the smug bastard.
"Oh yes, Father and I are great friends these days. Closer than we have ever been in fact. I keep him well stocked in life's little necessities, among other things. The Di Inferni are not penurious gods. They demand much that an old man has no access to and I am all too happy to appease our ancestral gods. They have promised me much once their day arrives again." Now he was just babbling. This seemed as good a time as any to make my move. Instead of pushing all my power into my muscles, I sent it to my spine and ribcage. The metal superheated in a flash that was accompanied by the howls of scorched arcani. The great weight lifted off me and I thrust the few remaining men off me in a great whirl of black cloth and rended flesh. I was on my feet in a flash and my right hand enclosed the face of Helenus. His knees buckled under the force of my palm.
"Whatever you have planned," I said. "I will ruin. For no other reason than you are a slimy worm who should have died under an Achaean spear by now. By whatever infernal gods you worship you still live to do mischief. Stay away from Helen and stay away from our father. When I have discovered who murdered Kalkeus I will deal with you."
Even through the agony of my grip he smiled. Damn, he was good at that. Perhaps he was one of those who received sexual satisfaction from pain and affliction. My hand felt dirty immediately. I shoved him to the floor roughly. He beamed triumphantly.
"So that is the errand that occupies your day. Why send spies to follow you when I could simply ask you, fool that you are," he cried. "Kalkeus stood in the way of powerful forces. Your precious Helen does the same. See that you find her before they demand her as the next sacrifice." The arcani swarmed around him and carried his broken form away in a whirl of cloth and shadow.
I watched them fade into the dark and then sat heavily on the pedestal, in spite of the blasphemy of such an act. That toad was involved with whatever Cassandra plotted; she was the brains of the operation, but he certainly held more power in the palace. They all spoke confidently of the power of the Di Inferni and how everything would change soon. Just what we needed, another religious riot in the midst of this war. The last one had given the enemy much time to fortify themselves in their camp until they were as impregnable as the walls of Troy. There was too much to do.
First though I needed to bandage my wounds and find my friends. We would decide what to do then.

Chapter 10
The door to my room burst open in a flurry of growls, mutters, and wine breath. It was Strax, and he had brought companions with him. I had retreated back to my quarters after the tussle with Helenus and the arcani. They had given me much to think about. Perhaps another visit to my father was in order. Perhaps I could catch him without Cassandra or Helenus there to loom over us like predatory birds. No time now though. Strax wrinkled his nose at the general odor in my room.
"I see Helen hasn't been by to clean lately," he said. Behind him were Koios, Olympia, Herodion, and a small pathetic looking man with jet black hair and the pale skin of one who spent most of his day inside. I ignored him.
"Herodion, I did not expect to see you quite so soon." He smiled merrily and bow toward me slightly. He had changed out of his formal tunic and was in what might be described as field gear. He must have pulled it from the war chest of his long dead son. The boy, for that was what he was, had died fighting pirates near Cyprus before the war began. Herodion had never quite gotten over his death. His wife had soon followed her son, leaving him alone aside from a few spinster sisters.
"Truly, as I did not expect to see you so soon either," he said. "But I ran into Strax accompanying this odd assortment of players to your chambers. When he explained their purpose I couldn't resist throwing my lot in with them. A chance to step beyond these walls is worth any amount of danger, as is any opportunity to avoid another dreadful poetry reading." I laughed heartily at this answer. Truly this man embodied all the great qualities of the Troy.
"A better reason than I can think of for going on this fool's errand," I replied. "Now Strax, introduce me to your friend here who I must assume is the noble Plautus." From the corner of my eye I could see Olympia rolling her eyes.
The wormy little man stuck out of a limp hand. It had been awhile since my time among the keltoi, but I remembered the general way about their handshake. I gripped his skinny forearm and gave it a vigorous shake. Evidently, Plautus was expecting something different for he yelped and leaped back a good two feet from me.
"Cretin!" he shouted shrilly. Strax slapped the back of his head harshly. It almost knocked the poor man to the ground. Luckily Olympia was there to catch him before too much damage was done. She gave him a soft pat on the head and cooed at him gently like a mother with her child. Beneath delicate black locks of hair a pale face smiled weakly at her. He had the skinny features and listless muscle tone of those dreadful statues to Apollo that were in fashion again. Not the manly ones of the Archer God, but rather the effete poet who looked like he was wilting in the sun.
"Didn't your mother raise you better? Don't talk to your Prince like that!"
"Easy, Strax," I said conciliatorily. "Playwrights are a delicate breed and I should have been aware. My apologies good Plautus. I am glad my companions were able to convince you to help us."
The man was still massaging his bruised forearm, but he raised his eyes with a sullen air and managed to mutter an apology of his own. I assumed that was the best I would ever get out of him. Paris would've had him flogged for insolence. I opted to turn my attentions elsewhere.
"Now where is Hippolytus?" I asked.
"Still seeing to the wagon train," Strax replied. "Once we got Plautus to agree to help us he was quite firm in all the provisions needed for our little performance."
"Yes, and we still won't have enough," whined Plautus. "If we're to put on a proper display of my show then we must have much, much more! We don't even have enough for all the main roles," he said shaking his head.
Before I could suggest we give up on this harebrained scheme, Herodion stepped forward. "It's been many years since I last stood upon a stage, but I saw enough during Priam's reign to be of some small use to you."
"A fan of theatricals is not quite the same as a trained actor," Plautus said disdainfully.
"I'll volunteer," Strax said. "So long as I don't have too many lines. I'll have Hippolytus round up a few of the old attendants from the Temple of Apollo. Not all abandoned the city. Most tried, but the blockade was rather harsh back then."
"That would be splendid! After all, theatricals of any kind are offerings to Apollo. The god will certainly be pleased to have so many of his acolytes involved." Plautus seemed to have come around fully to this idea. I was still waiting for him to display traits that gave him the appellation 'the Bastard.' All in good time I suppose.
"Yes, this is perfect," he continued. "We will have just enough characters to assign everyone a major role plus a few secondary roles if we have time. This play shall be remembered long after we are gone from their camp." The look in his face changed sharply. The twittering, dramatic little man was gone. There was an utter blankness to his face that seemed to imperfectly hide some sinister interior. He stepped forward into the light and the look was gone. The wan, effete look was back.
"How many people are we expecting on this little venture?" I asked.
"At least everyone in this room, plus Hippolytus and whatever attendants he can round up," Strax replied.
"Wait, wait. There is no reason for Koios and Olympia to get mixed up in all of this," I said. "They're innocent civilians. At least Herodion is part of the ruling class of Troy and obligated to her defense. These two are merely swept up in this tide."
"Well put, my Lord," Koios said. "But you must remember that we are also bound to defend Troy. Isn't that the purpose of the conscriptions? My own condition prevents me from doing anything to help the war cause other than treat the soldiers' various venereal diseases."
"And I plan on bagging myself a rich husband out of this escapade," Olympia said portentously. Everyone wheeled around to face her. She was now reclining in my favorite chair next to the embers in my fireplace. Once again she was splay legged and resting a bowl of wine on her belly. Strax murmured a curse behind me.
"Bag a rich husband?" Herodion asked. "My dear lady, if you are looking for some masculine protection I would be-
"Oh, not an old geezer like you," she protested. Herodion looked at a loss for words, obviously intrigued and horrified by this open tongued woman. Men of his rank were not used to this sort of treatment from their social inferiors.
"Not saying it wouldn't be bad," she amended. "Get your rocks off every now and again and inherit everything once you die. Not a bad life for girl from Falernia's, but not for me yet. I'm not quite ready to settle. If this little plan goes off well, then I'll be more famous than Queen Helen. Maybe one of your father's royal bastards will come calling after that. I'll keep your offer in mind though, patrician."
"Please do," Herodion murmured, clearing his throat. She gave him a friendly nod and went back to her wine. He was obviously smitten with this woman. Thankfully he was too worldly to give it much thought beyond the initial encounter. His eyes cleared and he shook his head to clear it up.
"As you can see Hector, we all have our reasons for going. You may as well go with it for now."
"I suppose I have no choice." I did have a choice of course. I could opt not to go. Or truss them all up with my sheets and go by myself. Both options held little appeal.
"Will you give me a few moments to prepare my things?" I asked them. "I would also like to take a quick bath to clear my head."
"Not a bad idea," Strax opined. He had been with me long enough to know when I desired a bit of peace. "We shall continue to the stables to help Hippolytus. Meet us there at your earliest convenience." I assented and they all bowed formally. Except for Olympia, she merely inclined her head from her position on my chair and then then hoisted herself up with a grunt. The whole bunch trooped out amidst much talking of plans, provisions, and parts for each person.
I sat heavily in my chair, reveling in the silence and trying to ignore the heavy perfume of Olympia. You'd think she was trying to hide a midden heap, not attract men with her scent. After a few moments my own pungent aroma of sweat, old blood, and just general unwashedness wafted over me. A good soak might help me clear my head enough to properly think this plan through. Everyone else seemed content to gallop straight into a wall. Someone should have a clear, rational head about what we were embarking on. Someone should also clean this room a bit. About the only thing in any sort of order was my weapons rack. Otherwise the floor was littered with clothes and dishes in varying states of disorder. It shamed me to have so many people see the Royal Apartments in such a state. I got down to my hands and knees and began stacking the dishes. In the opposite corner I piled the clothes and resolved to have the maids come in and do a full sweep, servants' gossip be damned. I even threw the curtains open to let in some moonlight. The room looked marginally better, but I was running out of time before the meet with our little expedition party.
I hastily stripped and grabbed my bath instruments on the way to my private washtub in the next room. As I entered I tripped the bell for the bellows servants to heat up the water being piped in. Kalkeus had invented and overseen the installation of these wondrous pipes all over the Palace. Before the war there had even been plans to install them all over the city for use by the common people. These days the metals were needed for armor and weapons.
The water was scalding, just the way I like it. I sunk gratefully into the water. My wounds stung in protest, but I ignored them, already awash in a wave of warm pleasure. Finally, a bit of peace after a long, strange day.
The door banged open.
I leapt from the bath at the sight of a heavily armed Warrior striding into my private bath. He was decked in full Greek war gear, complete with shining helm, spear, and shield, polished to a brilliant sheen. I was only armed with my strigil and the small bath caddy that held a few vials of soaps and oils. Seeing my nakedness and my meagre arms the man began laughing. I gripped the arching metal of the strigil, crumpled it, and bent it into a rough point. The laughter stopped.
"So, it's true what they say," he said, as he brought his arms to bear. "You are spawned from Kalkeus. It's not strictly what I'm here for, but let's see if you're just a tin soldier." He charged. I dodged to the side and watched as he lost his step on the slippery marble. He crashed into the bath heavily. The armor weighed him down to the bottom for a moment then he roared back to the surface. I slipped out of the bath in the opposite direct then turned to watch as he struggled. His iron shod boots allowed no purchase and he fell back into the water. By this point, the man had dropped his spear and shield and tried to crawl pitifully out of the bath. Once he had his body halfway out, I gripped him by the helmet and smacked him soundly.
"Motherfucker!" he shouted. I smacked him again. He hoisted the rest of himself out and fell to the ground clutching his head. I stood back and watched his agony. I still held the bent strigil; I debated internally whether to just gouge him in the jugular and end his misery. I held off for the time being. Finally he seemed to find enough strength to hoist himself to his feet. He was still a bit unsteady from the cracks on the skull I had given him. He made no move for the weapons or his shield.
"You fight well, son of Priam. Few have ever bested me in single combat." The hairs on the back of my neck began to tingle despite still being sodden. He couldn't be Achilles, the voice was all wrong for that. Diomedes? Ajax? He was big enough to be Ajax of Telamon, but far too calm to be that maelstrom of a man.
"Who are you?" I asked.
The man pulled off his helm to reveal what had to be one of the most scarred faces this side of the Hellespont. The sheer amount of martial scars that criss-crossed his face was staggering. A particularly ugly one stretched from his left temple down to the tip of his mouth. It pulsed an angry red and stretched his mouth up in a bizarre parody of a smile. He was certainly a seasoned warrior, but none I had ever encountered before on the fields before the city.
"Who are you?" I asked again. The man just laughed.
"Don't you recognize your patron God, warmonger?" He stood to his full height and seemed to turn on a godly radiance the filled the room. As if realizing he was blinding me, the light dimmed enough for me to stare in wonder at this god.
"Ares?"
"The one and only," he said magnanimously. "Wait, what's wrong?"
"I don't know, I thought you'd be more handsome. You did seduce Aphrodite and I imagine she has high tastes." Perhaps because I was standing naked in front of a god, my tongue was more free. Ares didn't seem amused.
"Yeah and I thought you'd have a bigger cock, but you don't see me bringing it up immediately." I made to grab a small towel to cover my insignificant manliness, but Ares burst into laughter again.
"You always were my favorite, Hector. A real hack and slash warrior with a good head on his shoulders to boot. Glad to see Kalkeus was able to do so much for you. Always a good lad," he said. "Your father never had much time for us. I bet he's regretting that now. How is the old bastard? Last we heard he had retired to write his memoirs or some history of some such." This statement struck me as odd.
"You don't know? I thought you gods could see everywhere in the world at all times."
"The Palladium, Hector," he explained. "With no priests left in the city and that Titan spawned piece of metal still activated, Troy and the surrounding environs is one big blind spot to us. Whatever blasphemy Kalkeus used to twist the Palladium is damn powerful. Even Hephaestus is at a loss for how he did it," he inclined his face toward me conspiratorially, "not that he'll admit it. Those stupid Achaeans didn't realize what a disadvantage they are at with it in their camp. We can't help them if we can't extend our powers into its protective radius. Even using our loyal adherents our knowledge of their camp is spotty. Seems all our priests do is laze around their tents and eyeball the pages."
"What about Hippolytus? Couldn't Apollo use him to see into the city?"
Ares laughed richly.
"Hardly, even if he still adhered to Apollo in more than name I'm sure he's too wine addled to be much good." A fair enough assessment of the old priest, though he really only took to the wine after they dismissed him from his regiment due to injuries sustained in combat. The priesthood could never keep him occupied quite like being a soldier.
"So how come you can just magically appear here? Wouldn't the Palladium keep you out?"
"Yes and no. I didn't just magically appear here, the Palladium's protective sphere extends across the entire city in a weakened form. I had to hump it into the city like a regular old peasant with the last food caravan. Once in here I had to get into the Palace and find you. Admittedly, my godly powers are pretty weak here, but I managed to walk through enough walls to avoid the guards and all the rest." He gestured toward his barrel shaped torso, "This armor set I'm wearing isn't reliant on Olympus either. So long as the people still burn offerings in my honor then I'll always be the universal warrior." In the blink of an eye the armor was gone and was instead replaced by what the eternal warrior might consider a leisure suit. The bronze was replaced by hard leathers and wrist straps of thin metal. The spear became a short leaf bladed sword that was thankfully sheathed.
"And if people stop going to war?" Not that this would happen anytime soon. Peace never stood a chance despite what the poets may say.
He shrugged. "I suppose I'll become a poet or lover or eternal father or some such nonsense. I'll worry about that later. We two have more immediate business."
"Such as?"
"Fixing the timeline," he stated plainly. "Getting Chronos to stop bugging us about the proper course of time and history."
"Say again?" More babbling. Just like Koios.
"Look, Hector, you've always been a pretty even-keeled fellow so take what I'm about to say in stride," the god began.
"Ok."
"Troy must fall."
I smacked him across the head. His eyes crossed and he nearly fell back into the bath.
"Don't do that again," he growled. There was literally fire his eyes.
"Sorry," I said hastily. I had almost forgotten he was a god.
"You punch harder than most men, I'll say that much," he replied, massaging his jaw. "Now listen. What Kalkeus did to you was a sin against the course of nature. Old Hades just about shit himself when your soul was snatched back by Kalkeus. Your death should've been the final blow to Troy. Instead, you come back harder, faster, better, and stronger than anyone could have ever imagined. Most people in the city may think you are on the edge of ruin, but the truth of the matter is it's even worse in the Achaean camp. The timeline as it would occur now says you will slay Achilles in glorious single combat. Trust me, Chronos gave me a glimpse and it's a battle of the highest order, Bismarck vs. Hood stuff. You can bet I'll be watching with interest." He ignored my confused expression. "After that, the Achaean nations will plead for peace which will be granted under the harshest terms imaginable. Troy will stand for another thousand years once you kill your impertinent little brother and take the throne for yourself."
"And quite frankly," he continued. "We cannot allow that to happen."
"Why not?" I asked. "We have to be a good sight better than the Greeks. We're at least civilized. What could they ever offer the world other than bad art and worse philosophy?"
"You might be surprised by what the future holds for them," Ares replied. "Now it's nothing personal, but I answer to a higher power and the big guy wants Troy turned to ash."
"You'll need to do better than that. Zeus's decree or not, I am not letting Troy fall while I still draw breath." The god sighed heavily like a parent scolding an unruly child.
"You know, Zeus told me to kill you if I couldn't convince you to help us," he stated plainly. I felt my muscles tensing and the grip on my makeshift shiv tightened.
"But I don't think I will," he continued. "Even Chronos admits the Greek nations would only win with the help of the gods. He may have mastery over Time itself, but the course of history belongs to no one except the mortals who forge it themselves. Zeus claims he plays a longer game by defeating Troy, but I have my doubts about the judgement of the All-Father. Besides, your little scheme with the Palladium should provide decent entertainment." I was speechless at his pronouncement; I bowed low to him as client to patron.
"Yes, you always were even keeled," he muttered lowly to himself. "One final warning because I am your patron, whether you like it or not, and it is my duty to protect our mutual interests: Beware the plans of your two creepy siblings. They have long since turned from the worship of proper gods. The Di Inferni have wholly infected them with their foul promises. It will bring nothing but woe to you."
"The oracle speaks less riddles than you, Olympian."
"I defy the Father enough by speaking to you, instead of gutting you with my spear. Don't expect me lay everything in the plain tongue," he replied. In a blink he was back into his immortal armor and standing before me. "And now I must depart. There are others wars in the world today, though none as entertaining as this one." He gave me a smile that was equal parts sad and equal part conspiratorial.
"Wait," I cried, lifting a hand to stop him. "Today I depart on a quest to retrieve the Palladium. The sacred emblem of the Troy. It's a fool's errand, but I must perform it. Will you help me?"
The great warrior paused. From the deepness of his helm I could feel his eyes boring a hole into me. "Not directly, but you have been a consistent supplicant, if often an unknowing one," he proclaimed. "I will plead your case before the gods again and try to help you in what ways I can."
I knew that was the best I was going to get from any god so I let him go. He gave me an Achaean salute which I returned in the Trojan style.
As I was toweling the mixture of sweat and water from my body I heard an enormous crash coming from my bedroom. I raced into the dim room and beheld a large hole in the center of the floor. From within I heard the mutters and curses of the war god himself. He was obviously knocked senseless, but one phrase kept floating to the surface amidst the incoherent babble.
Di Inferni.

Chapter 11
I approached the edge of the hole and looked down into his its abyss. In a crumpled heap of bronze lay Ares. I couldn't tell if he was still conscious. His mutters and curses had ceased so abruptly that I feared he was dead. Could gods die by mortal means? I assumed once they were replaced by others they simple ceased to be. Could all it take to kill a god was a deep enough hole and maybe some long spears to jab while he was down? It was something worth remembering at least. The strangest thing about the hole itself was how much it resembled the one beneath the Palladium's pedestal, as if both were carved from the same hands.
Di Inferni. That's what Ares had said.
Di Inferni. The gods below. The old gods of Gnosis-neath-the-waves who had gradually been supplanted by the magnificence of the Olympians. How could grimy little underground gods compare to the golden likeness of Zeus and his ilk? My eyes adjusted in the gloom and I could see a passageway leading further into the darkness.
Hastily, I packed a bundle of clothes and other small essentials for living rough; no matter where this tunnel led I would need to be ready. This time I even brought my full complement of weapons. I left my heavy bronze armor on its rack, but took my heavy sword, shield, and a full sheaf of small javelins. My secondary sword was belted behind my shield, while an additional knife was placed at my waist. I hadn't gone to war this heavily armed since the early days of the war when everyone thought one big battle would decide the outcome. It's hard to run across ramparts in full armor and even harder to retreat back to the walls weighed down by the bronze outer skin.
Time to descend into the depths.
Without any ceremony I leapt into the hole and landed lightly amidst the straining of my enhanced bones. I placed a hand on Ares's shoulder and lightly shook him. Nothing. He still breathed but he was definitely unconscious. I tried again with a bit more force. Then more. Finally I stood up and planted a swift kick to his ribs.
With a roar he leapt to his feet and brought his sword down on me. Only my enhanced reflexes spared my shoulder from being cleaved. Well, that and my shield which was rent asunder by his the mighty Olympian stroke.
"Fuck!" I bellowed, "That was a gift! Do you know how hard it is to get good Hittite armor these days?"
"Sorry," Ares replied. He seemed sorry too. I suspect if he had destroyed my favorite shirt or book of verse he would've laughed. He was a warrior though, just like me, and good armaments are our lifeblood.
"I shall have the smith-god forge you something new when he gets a moment."
"Thank you I suppose. Nothing too gaudy please. Just my personal crest on the front and that's it. It seems like everyone these days has practically an entire book of glyphs written on their shields. Then they bitch to anyone within earshot when they get dinged and nicked."
This brought a genuine belly laugh from the war god. He had a guffaw like a drunken soldier. This rapidly turned into a coughing fit. I could see blood on his hand.
"Are you going to be ok?" I asked.
He waved a hand and then rummaged in his purse. A wondrous light filled the entire cave and even illuminated into the tunnel. I held my hand up to shield myself, but still could not look away. Abruptly it vanished amid loud chewing.
"Good thing I packed a bit of ambrosia," Ares said. He looked much better than the previous minutes. His pale complexion was replaced by what I had to assume was his usual vim and vigor. He gave a hearty stretch and ran in place for a moment.
"Good as new!" he declared mightily.
"Very pleased to hear that, but now how do we get out of here?" I asked. We had fallen quite a ways into this hole. My room was a small patch of light streaking down toward us. It did little to illuminate the place where we stood.
"Oh we don't leave just yet," Ares said menacingly. "Those earth rats set a trap for me. They could feel my presence through the roots and so came for me."
"Who are you talking about?"
"The Di Inferni. The titan spawned rats of the earth," he growled. "They still hold the old grudges against the Olympians for banishing them back to their warrens in the ancient stones beneath the earth."
He cast his head about as if he expected them to burst forth from the dank walls. "Come, warmonger," he growled. "Let's teach these rats a lesson." This was less an invitation and more a command. He strode away angrily into the tunnel. He was still in bronze armor, but had shed his spear for the short xiphos the Achaeans carried. I gave one last look at the impossible distance that lay between me and the surface then hastened after him into the gloom.
For a while I walked in absolute darkness following the sound of Ares's footsteps up ahead. I assumed he could see in this infernal tunnel, but that didn't mean much to me. After bashing my head for the tenth time on a low hanging ledge I called a halt.
"What? We have very little time," Ares said. "They sought to catch an Olympian, but not a Prince of Troy. They must be scared."
"That's all well and good, but I can't see anything," I protested. "I'll be next to useless for whenever we run into these earth rats." Ares murmured some blasphemy I couldn't quite make out. He began rummaging in his pack again.
"Here take a nibble of this," he commanded. I groped around in the darkness for his hand. In it was something small and hard and wrapped in hide. I opened it and was immediately blinded by the holy ambrosia. I closed the package again.
"Just a small bite. Like a mouse would take from a piece of bread," he instructed. "Otherwise it'll turn you to cinder with its power." I closed my eyes and undid the sacred food of the gods from its wrapping. Even through my closed eyelids the light was blinding. I hastily took a small bite from the rectangular loaf then closed it again. I could feel some electric sensation moving down my spine. My muscles began to tense and whir spontaneously. My heart began to beat faster and faster. I opened my eyes. The tunnel now stood in stark detail. It was still black as an Achaean's heart, but something in my own vision allowed me to see through it all.
"That better?" Ares asked.
"Yes!" I cried, "That's dandy stuff!" I looked around like a child visiting the beach for the first time. "What is that made from? Hemp and myrrh?"
"Secret family recipe," he chuckled. "It'll only last for a few hours so we must hurry." He raced off into the tunnel again. This time I followed on winged heels. With the blood coursing through me I caught up to the war-god. We were two wolves on the hunt. For what I didn't know, but I knew it would be battle worthy of song.
The tunnel began widening and smoothing itself out to the point where I no longer felt like I was climbing some Sicilian mountainside. Instead it seemed more like some broad Trojan street in one of the nicer colonies. Not the warrens of Latium or of Troy itself, but perhaps Jerusalem or Antioch. All that was missing were some of their fabulous wine and beautiful women. Oh, and the sun, the sky, and the feeling of the breeze on my face. My body was adjusting to the new high the ambrosia had given me and my mind no longer raced. The old primal terrors were starting to creep back in. I was underground chasing some subterranean predators with the war god of Olympus. He obviously knew what we were about to face and relished it. But me? Who knew what lurked in the darkness for me. We had worshipped them as gods, but Ares seemed to refer them more as a vermin to be exterminated.
I stopped abruptly. Ares had paused before a fork in the tunnel. To the right was a continuation of the clean, smooth tunnel. To the left was a smaller, more jagged hole like the one Ares had fallen into.
"Which way, patron?" Ares didn't reply. Instead a low growl came from the depth of his helm. The hackles on my neck stood straight. Then he pointed to the right hand tunnel with his sword.
"We go right," he declared. Then in a low voice he said "There are some places even I fear to tread." I gave him a quizzical look, but he ignored it or perhaps thought I had not heard him.
"Let me rest for a moment," I said. He shrugged his assent and sat down heavily on a rock. He pulled more ambrosia from his pack to snack on. He declined to offer me any.
While he was occupied with his heavenly food I approached the left hand passage. Upon first glance it was just a roughhewn crag in the wall itself. I would have to hoist myself up a ways just to climb into it. Not that I would. The air coming from it was foul and noxious, like the sulphur springs in Macedon. Carved around the mouth were what appeared to be crude scratchings. Yet when I brought my Olympus aided eyes closer I could make out crude pictographs. They depicted small runes surrounded by little crude men. I traced the runes with my hand, but could make nothing out of them.
"They are old, warmonger. The ones you call Di Inferni have plagued this earth for a long time." Ares stood beside me starring at the runes. His eyes were distant and stormy. I could see he gripped the hilt of sword hard enough to turn his knuckles white.
"Who are the Di Inferni?"
"Not gods, no matter what your family claims," Ares said. "They are the race of men we drove under the ground when the gods were young, before I was even called Ares."
"Before?"
"I am the eternal warrior, the universal soldier. We are merely aspects of rites that date back before human memory. What you call Di Inferni are rats who nibbled on the fringes of humanity. Not gods, for they worship their own eternal stone gods in their dark nests. Your people once thought they would protect them and so fed them the best of the fruits from tree, shrub, and limb." I shuddered at this last one. On the old tapestries in the family temple were what appeared to be human sacrifices to the gods below. Cassandra and Helenus claimed that it was only done in times in of great distress like war or famine.
"When we lost Gnosis, we lost them too," I muttered.
"Yes, but they followed you. Their tunnels extend far. From the roots of the earth across the oceans and under every city. They can strike anywhere."
"So why don't they?" I asked.
"Because we protect our own in whatever aspect we take," Ares replied. "The strength of humanity and the protection of the gods is enough to keep them quelled in their warrens. Why they stir now is beyond me."
He paused again suddenly alert. I strained against the darkness to see what he saw.
"What do you see?" I asked.
"What I hear" he trailed off. In a moment his shield was on his arm and his sword drawn. "Arm yourself, Prince of Troy. They come for us."
I put my own shield on and drew my sword. Faintly, in the distance I could hear something like the rustling of silk sheets across a bed or a thousand small chains tinkling across the sand of the Scamander. No, something more sinister. The closer they got the more I could make out. This wasn't rustling. This was speech. Some gibbering mass was heading towards us rapidly.
"Back to back," Ares ordered. I complied instantly. He faced the tunnels before us, and I the one we had just come through. The sound was all around us, echoing through the empty chamber and magnifying the horrible whispering. They whispered promises of blood. About our doom. About the great stone idol we would be sacrificed before. I could feel my sanity slipping away like blood from an open vein.
"What are they?" I cried over the din.
"Flesh and blood!" Ares cried. "Like all mortals they are flesh and blood!" He thumped his sword against the mighty shield and roared his challenge. The tunnels spewed black figures, a horde of gibbering claws and teeth. I hack and stabbed with my sword at the mass washing over me. Claws endeavored to find the weaknesses in my armor. Teeth gnawed at my wrists and neck for my precious veins. I bashed them away with my shield and rained fury upon them. I was a warrior from birth and the blasphemies of my resurrector meant no single foe could stand before me for long. The Achaeans had learned to swamp me with numbers and to cut down my allies. These creatures were tiny and seemingly weak, but they were as ferocious as rats in a swarm. Each shield swipe crushed bones while my sword dripped blood from tip to hilt. Stabbing wasn't working so I switched to mighty swings and hacks. My sword had no curved edge, but the weight alone acted as a bludgeon that sent them flailing.
Behind me I could hear Ares laughing as he spewed gore and bones from one end of the cave to the other. His laughter was at least drowning at the noise of the little gods' frenzied whispering. The war god charged in the mass, still laughing as he dealt them blow after blow. As soon as he was gone the creatures began to assault my exposed back. I began twisting around to face all sides in succession. My feet slipped on the blood and other viscera coating the ground. Still, they came on in ever growing waves. An ocean of darkness engulfed me until I couldn't move my limbs at all, but remained upfront through the sheer numbers surrounding me. They bit and clawed and tore away at my armor and I could hear their vile promises in no language heard under the sun in millennia.
Even as I was consumed by some red misted madness the wave relented. Ares had come back. His shield crashed through their ranks with ease. I fell to the ground unable to control my body any longer. Ares still fought on recklessly, but his combat was growing distant. My stabilizers went crazy as they sought to direct more power to my limbs. I spewed steam from my nostrils until hot tears poured down my cheeks. My heart was pounding a mile per minute. I was in survival mode now. Every bit of energy was being used to bring me back to normalcy. It wouldn't last long, but it didn't need to. I was alone in the chamber.
Ares was gone, but perhaps more disconcerting was that the gods of the dark we had fought were gone as well. Even the larger chunks of viscera were missing. The floor was liberally coated in blood, but otherwise it was free of anything else to indicate a titanic battle had just taken place. Where had the god gone? Had he chased the Di Inferni away or been taken away by them?
I made to move closer to the right hand tunnel, but was overtaken by a round of dizziness. I would need food soon. Lots and lots of food to replace all the energy that had been burned getting me steady again. I turned abruptly at a noise behind me. It was Ares. He was battered, bleeding, and damn near death it looked like. Still, the bastard was smiling, laughing almost.
"Now that was a proper fight," he said as sat heavily to the ground. "You put on quite the show as well."
"Thank you. Now we really need to get out of here."
"Ack, I suppose you're right. Zeus will be wondering where I've gotten off to for so long." He hauled himself to his feet again. "Come this way. When I chased off the last remnants of the vermin I saw another tunnel branching upward. That will be our way out of here."
As he said that I could feel myself unable to stand for much longer.
"Wait, I need food. Give me more ambrosia. Even with all my ironmongery I am not invincible like you," I said weakly. I was leaning heavily on my sword now. Ares looked momentarily nonplussed then seemed to relent.
"Here, take the whole piece," he said. "Just eat a nibble now and remember what I said about the stuff. Oh and try to keep it someplace cold. Damn stuff doesn't keep for too long off the shelf." I murmured vague assent then took a small bite from the square loaf. Again, the electric feeling sent shivers through my whole body. The nausea retreated rapidly and I could feel the life returning from my limbs. Finally I stood up. I kept my sword out, but no longer needed it as a staff.
"Much better it seems," Ares commented. "Now let us be off."
He strode down the right hand tunnel at a quick soldierly pace. This tunnel was also covered in copious amounts of blood, but it too was missing any bodies.
"Where are all the bodies?" I asked. "We should be able to stack them to the ceiling there were so many."
"They take them for their own devilish purposes I suppose. Either for food or maybe for sacrifices to their own stone idols."
"Who do they worship?" I was afraid of the question itself, but I had to know. These were the creatures we had always supposed were friendly little gods. Yes, they weren't so magnificent as the Olympians, but Trojans were still kindly disposed to them. They were the little gods of mischief and trickery. Blamed by children for stolen sweets and clothes. Their mighty roots as the principal gods of the old kingdom were long since forgotten by most of the populace. Even when we burned incense to them in our family altar I had always assumed it was mere lip service to ancient deities. It always pays to have the gods on your side, no matter how small. Instead though I had just fought and killed dozens, if not hundreds of these so-called gods. I knew now they weren't anything more than aberrations of nature. They had come cloaked in unnatural darkness, but what little I could remember indicated they were tiny hairless creatures with sharp claws and little slanted eyes. Small and weak, they were broken upon my sword and shield, but they had numbers. The Achaeans taught us the value of overwhelming numbers even if half of them were armed with only a small shield and spear. And like the Achaeans I doubted these creatures would forget the horror I had wrought on them in combat. It seemed now like Troy had yet another enemy to contend with.
"They worship the Darkness incarnate. A creature with obsidian limbs and an ashen heart," Ares said. "Pray you never encounter this deity. He is old too. I doubt even my father's father remembers his origins."
We came to the upward tunnel Ares had spoken of. There did seem some small pinhole of light at the end of it. More enticing though was the small whiff of clean breeze I felt on my face. We charged eagerly to the top still on our guard, but nonetheless frenzied at the thought of sunlight. Our hustle had turned into a frenzied scramble. It seemed even the Olympian was ready for the clean light of day. I thanked the gods for my safe arrival to the surface.
"Not a problem," Ares grunted. "This has been great fun. This should cow those little rats for a long time."
I should have known it wouldn't have been that easy. As we approached the warren hole the ground beneath us gave way. I tumbled long and far into pitch black darkness. Back down in the home of the Di Inferni.

Chapter 12
I awoke in a daze. I was resting on some flat portion of the stone floor. Remarkably, I wasn't dead. I muttered another thanks to the gods for delivering me to the bottom of this tunnel in one piece. That's when I noticed I was tied down. In fact, I wasn't resting on the floor. I was on some raised piece of stone. All around me were scattered human bones in great bleached piles. They had me. The Di Inferni had me.
I struggled against my bonds but to no avail. They had used great chain links scavenged from who knows where to strap me down. My pack and weapons were gone, doubtless to be scavenged by my captors. I didn't know how long I had been unconscious. I was back in the bowels of the earth again, yet this time I had no trouble seeing. It wasn't the strange potency of the ambrosia. Instead there seemed to be some unearthly light emanating from the very walls of the chamber. I almost wished I was blind. Amidst the tumble of bones were other altars of roughly equal size. Each was outfitted with less impressive chains than the ones currently entangling me. On each I could make out dark smears and stains.
Blood.
I was not the first poor wretch to find myself among the little gods. Some of the stains look disconcertingly fresh. I reminded myself not to panic. It didn't seem to have much effect. That gnawing sensation in my head came back, as if rats were eating away at my sanity. My muscles tensed and flexed as I strove vainly against my bonds. No give at all. Damn these chains. They must be the kind that protects wealthy ports against pirates.
Ares. Where the hell was he now? I looked again at the fresh blood stains and grimaced. Surely no mere mortal weapons could fell an Olympian. Then I remembered his tumble into the hole in my chambers. And the fight with the Di Inferni. Perhaps Olympians could be killed by enough mortal weaponry. Or maybe they had some other plan for him. Perhaps the gods they worshipped were just as powerful as his kin. As I mused on this some black shadow began to take shape in the corner of the chamber opposite me. It had been there all along, but as my eyes grew use to the dim light it began to assume a more noticeable form. It was a stone idol of some kind. Not a statue like those of the Olympians, but rather a visage carved into the native rock.
I shuddered. This was their god. What little I could make out horrified me in a way I had not known since the slaying of my first enemy in battle. It was a squat, brutish looking man. Strong and primal, a god of those who survive at all costs. Is that what the Di Inferni were? Men driven underground, but determined to survive and wreak vengeance on their oppressors? The stone eyes under its hooded brow bored holes through me until I had to look away.
Ares might be a rather congenial god, but I doubted I'd want to encounter this god so casually. He seemed the type that would just as soon bash my head in and eat my brains than share a jug of wine. These thoughts spurred a new round of fruitless struggling against my bonds. Nothing. I needed to rest. My body was beginning to overheat and my backside was spewing steam rapidly. I laughed roughly at the thought of Helen wrinkling her nose in mock disdain. The laugh turned into a wracking cough that shook the chains.
Helen. By Zeus's horny prick I would hold her in my arms again. Even if it meant coming back to the life again. Hades might take exception to a second reprieve from death, but I was ready to take the bastard on if it meant seeing her again. I lay my head back against the smooth stone and passed from consciousness.

I must have been delirious because when I awoke I saw my wife, Andromache. She stood there in the shadows holding our son. I smiled bleakly at her. She merely frowned. Something she had always been exceptionally good at in those final years. Of course she knew about Helen and I, but she kept her silence for the good of the city. Slowly her heart turned to stone. The baby briefly revived her, but gradually a great darkness had overwhelmed her.
I felt a hot tear fall down my face. I did love her once. All those years ago when we had been young. She had been beautiful, a shining star amidst the dour women of Trojan aristocracy. What I had to offer her I never knew. I was merely a roughhewn warrior. A prince and heir to the city, but that did not hold much weight with her quiet, gentle soul. Still, we had burned brightly. Making love into the early hours of dawn before I would depart for my postings in distant wars. She would always stand on the ramparts to see me off, waving at me, not in goodbye, but with the promise that she would wait for me.
The star had fallen. We burned brightly, but lost our light too soon. Even before Helen had come sashaying into Troy that fateful day we had known the end was near. The stress of life within the maelstrom of Royal intrigue was too much for a delicate person like hers. If not for the war it would've been over that year. The Achaeans had necessitated our marriage's survival. Troy needed a champion, but she also needed a sacred mother to revere. Andromache had slipped into the role silently, but never willingly. She was not of the people and could not stomach the oddities and stupidities that endeared them to me. I couldn't place any blame on her though. Only on me. Her unfaithful warrior.
I opened my eyes. Andromache was gone, but Scamandrius, my son, still remained. He was floating in the air where Andromache had stood, still shrouded in shadow.
"My son," I whispered. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry I couldn't save you. I'm sorry I killed you."
That was the first thing I found out when I awoke from death. My wife had thrown herself and my son from the ramparts upon seeing me slain. The fighting over my body had ceased as her long wail cut through the air. An Achaean soldier had tried to grab my body while everyone stood stunned. Achilles had cut him down then ordered my body taken to the gates, unmolested by anyone save for the wounds he had inflicted.
No one from my family had come to collect me. They all had stood in shock at my death and then hurried off to plan new schemes in the void I had left. Only a Trojan priest and a retired soldier from the Maiden's Guard were there to see me arrive back home. That and Kalkeus, the old inventor in the cellar. When I awoke his ugly visage was the first thing I saw. He had been cloaked in shadow just like Scamandrius was.
My head snapped back up. That rustling sound was back. The old whispering in the darkness slowly crept through the bones surrounding me. They were back. The Di Inferni had returned for whatever nefarious purpose they held. Darkness poured through the entrance to the chamber. It seemed they only traveled in hordes, crawling over in each other as they scrambled to reach their destination. They washed over the empty alter, but left a large space open in front of the stone god. Silence reigned as the dark tide ceased. Another space opened up around the center altar. Upon it, chained and choked, was Ares. It was as if he had been there the whole time. He was unconscious and blood coated his body. I would guess a fair mixture of his own and the foul ichor of the Di Inferni. He awoke with a snort and a roar as he felt the chains on them. They held him fast.
He caught sight of me.
"Warmonger! They caught you too, eh?" He strained to stay jovial, but I could sense fear in the back of his voice. What did an Olympian god fear? Nothing I wanted to ever experience. I hailed him weakly. There was nothing we could do for each other. This was the end.
As if on cue the whispering started. But this was not the mass of chittering. This seemed to have a rhythm, a cadence to it. The shadowed mass began to swell and gyrate to its own bizarre dance. The fear came roaring back into my mind. The dark god's visage seemed to have changed. He no longer grimaced. He smiled like a hunter watching its prey struggle in a trap. Blood would be shed soon in accordance with ancient rituals. The fair blood of Olympus would grow him stronger. Ares caught on as well. His struggle was titanic, but still to no avail. His chains were smaller than my own, but were imbued with some dark power that seemed to grow as the ritual continued. Thousands of tiny claws beat on bone and stone to create a pervading miasma of sound and fury. My own chains weighed me down; they crushed my chest and constricted my breathing. The heat of my body seemed to light the cave with my own inner fire. The chains must give way!
It was to no avail. At the height of the fury the shadows swarmed the altar of Ares. He howled with madness one last time and then was utterly consumed. Silence came again. The mass still swarmed the altar, but were slowly giving way as if fearful of leaving too soon. A clear space appeared again around the altar. I gasped. There was still a prone form laying on the altar. The chains that bound it were gone. This was not Ares. The fair Olympian was consumed utterly. In its place was an ashen black figure naked from the waist up. Its eyes opened and blazed with a grisly brimstone fire. It arose and I saw that it was the black god himself. The stone visage was gone!
Some eldritch god had consumed Ares and spat out this monstrosity. The creature looked at me with a stony, impassive face. The dance began again. The chittering and whispering to that bizarre dance of the doom. I rattled the chains mightily but in vain. I was done. Every orifice was throwing off steam, trying to relieve the heat building up within me. The links closest to my body had begun to turn yellow red with heat. I gasped. Heat. The heat my body expelling was melting my chains. I strove against the chains once more. Not to break them, but to cause my body to react, to superheat my bonds until they were weak enough to break.
With a final roar I shattered the heated links in a flurry of shrapnel and molten metal. The dance turned to a scramble as the little rats scurried away from me. I threw the rest of the chains off and charged towards the pile of metal. Luck itself, they weren't my weapons. They were Ares's. I grabbed sword and shield and then turned to face my foe. I had to bring the shield up in a desperate move to avoid the great fist of the black god. It crashed onto the shield, but didn't even dint it. Whatever strange aura that created the shield was sustaining it even though its god was gone. I thrust the sword into the exposed gut of the god, but it crashed against hard obsidian.
This fight would go nowhere. I may be armed like a god, but I faced one more cruel and fierce than I in combat. I used my shield as a battering ram as I sped past the surprised god and into the mass of his adherents. He roared a challenge at me that I ignored as I beat my hasty retreat. I sprinted into the tunnel hacking through anything that stood in my way. I didn't know where I fled, but that primal instinct overruled everything else. The tunnels forked, and still I sped on at random, listening to the sounds of pursuit behind me. It was mainly the rustling of the little gods, but occasionally the roar of the black Ares could be heard echoing through the tunnels. I made sure to avoid those as I fled into the warren of darkness, stumbling through the obstacles that lay hidden in the darkness.
Finally I could run no more. My whole body shook in exhaustion and my muscles burned brighter than Helios' chariot. I placed a hand against rock to steady myself then retched violently onto the floor. Once I had expelled the meager contents of my stomach I resolved to proceed in a more orderly fashion. I remembered the feeling of the breeze on my face. That's how I would escape. Follow the breeze to safety.
This proved to be harder than it initially seemed. Between the running battle with gangs of the creatures and attempting to find any vestige of the surface world I ended up more lost than before. Finally, after what seemed to be ages and with sanity levels at a new low and exhaustion at new highs I felt the cold tingle of wind. I almost laughed with excitement, but wisely held my tongue. In no time at all it seemed I was following a series of passages ever upward until a tiny pinpoint of light appeared.
Light! Blessed light of Zeus, I was free. I scrabbled through the tiny hole and onto the soft sand of a beach. The sound of the waves was the sweetest music to my ears. The sun itself blinded me, but I didn't care. I staggered across the shore and into the clean salted water. I let the waves wash over me in great torrents cold, foamy water. I opened my eyes to the water carrying away the blood and filth of my sojourn underground. In moments it was gone with the tides.
Only I remained.

Chapter 13
I sat on the sand watching the windswept shore. I had no clue where I was in relation to the city. The sun was setting rapidly, but there were no campfires on the horizon or lights of some small fishing village. The only smell was the briny breeze carrying just a tinge of rich soil with it. I was still in Trojan territory, but other than that I was clueless. I proceeded north along to the beach. If I was north of Troy then at least I would be heading away from the Achaean encampment towards the smaller burgs that dotted the shore at the prime harbor spots.
From there I could get my bearings and hopefully make my way back to Troy through the blockade. It was more porous than the Achaeans would like, but Agamemnon was loath to have too many warriors outside the main camp. We had taken advantage of such situations before and only sheer weight of numbers forced our retreat. Most Trojans thought me invincible in combat, but never really took a moment to analyze why we hadn't won yet. Truth be told, I was still mortal. Kalkeus made that abundantly clear in the early days of my reawakening. I still suffered my fair share of injuries like any other soldier. I healed quicker than most, but a cut artery would see me bleed out on the Trojan beach just as quickly as any regular man. I was faster and stronger than my previous incarnation, but still mortal and subject to all that implied.
The hunger that gnawed away at my stomach gradually increased as I trudged along. I was loath to abandon the magnificent sword and shield of Ares. Perhaps when I made it back to Troy I would raise a new temple to Ares in the Comitium. These would be its sacred relics. They were too powerful for the battlefields of mortal men. If I were to face Achilles then it would be with good Trojan weaponry, not the armaments of a slain god. Was he, Ares that is, really slain though? Transformed might be a better word. He was still in there, within the body of the ashen god. I still mourned him, for he had been a good companion. Ferocity and loyalty were the two prime qualities for a warrior and as the universal soldier, he had been all of those in spades.
In my reverie I almost marched past the little hermits shack that rested against the cliff face. Only the smell of the smoky turf fire alerted me to it. It was a meagre hut made from hard packed turf and dry boughs for a roof. I approached warily and peaked inside the lone window. Inside sat a wizened old man at a writing table. He was a squat, frog-like man, completely bald and riddled with brown age spots. From his dirty robe a small pot belly protruded, which indicated he ate reasonably well most days, even if his abode was rather humble. His stylus scratched away at the thin papyrus without pause. I stood transfixed by the sight and not least the smell of his dinner cooking over the fire.
"If you're going to come in please be sure to leave your shoes by the door and not to track in too much dirt." I stepped back from the window hastily. From within, a chair scratched on hard turf and a slow shuffling step approached. The door opened wide to let out the orange light and heat of the fire. The old man stood silhouetted in the doorway, still holding his stylus.
"You're a big one, eh?" he said.
"Please, good sir, could I beg lodging for a night and a simple meal to fill my stomach?" I asked. I thought it best not to reveal who I was too early. He might hogtie me in my sleep and lead the Achaeans right to me.
"Soldier, eh?"
"Yes, hermit, from the city. I fled in the night to seek my fortune elsewhere."
"And how has this path led you so far?"
I shrugged my shoulders and made a gesture to the heavens.
"The gods will reveal their plan shortly. I have no doubt." He cackled gleefully then stepped aside to allow me in. The feeling of the heat was more divine than any sacred ceremonies in any number of temples. The old man took a bowl from a stack utensils in the corner and ladled a large helping of the bubbling soup into it. I didn't even wait for the spoon. I brought the bowl to my lips and consumed its contents in one fiery gulp that scorched my throat. Wordlessly he took the bowl and filled it again, even higher this time. Again I drained it. A sigh escaped my lips as the warmth settled into my bones.
"Only soldiers can eat like that," the man commented. "But tell me how does a soldier with a royal Trojan accent escape the blockade, but head in the exact wrong direction. Not to mention dodging the patrols the Achaeans put along the coast." I paused with my third bowlful halfway to my mouth. The little man could have stood no higher than my ribcage and weighed perhaps one quarter of my own weight yet I stood in abject fear of him at that moment. I had no words to satisfy his questions so I finished my soup then placed the bowl on the ground.
"I was a guardsman in the palace. One night I overheard King Paris planning to flee the city and go beg the Hittites for aid. He was ready to let Troy fall if it meant sparing himself." The man nodded at my story and I inwardly sighed with relief. That could be something Paris would do. If all seemed lost he would make like a rat from a sinking ship. He, his harem and half the treasury would disappear, never to be seen again on this side of the world.
"Who are you, old man?" I asked. I looked around at my surroundings, but the only things in the little room were the desk and chair plus a small bed in the opposite corner near the fire.
"I am of no concern to you, soldier," he said. "But once I was called Hybrida so that name is as good as any for you to call me. It is certainly better than 'old man.'"
"Fair enough, Hybrida. What compelled you to live in so remote a corner of the empire?"
"The waves, good soldier, the waves and the language they speak," he replied cryptically.
"How do you mean?" This was an odd reply, but I was willing to bet the man was more than a little insane if he had lived here alone for so long.
"I sought wisdom in my youth, but found only foolish old men obsessed with their own ideals and the sounds of their own voices."
"That's Achaeans for you," I muttered.
"Indeed and many Trojans," he continued. "I sought knowledge amongst the temples to the gods and the halls of the academies. I even ventured among the ruins of lost Gnosis. Alas, nothing was there except bitter stones and ruins."
"You found Gnosis?" I asked sharply.
"Yes, but that is another story for another time. Truly, though I wandered far it was to this little abode in the heart of my homeland that I found the source I would study. The winds and waves whisper many secrets. A wise man listens and an even wiser man writes it down." He indicated the sheets of papyrus on his desk. They were filled tiny, spidery writing that would nigh indecipherable to anyone, but him.
"I'm sure they speak, but it is a tongue for no mortal man to understand," I said to him. Yes, he was obviously crazy, but it seemed an inoffensive type of crazy.
"One day listen to the waves, soldier. It may lead you to knowledge."
"One day, Hybrida, but not today. I must rest. I will lay across your door and keep it safe in return for a night's rest." That bemused smile returned to his face.
"The Achaeans passed by here not two days past. They will not return for at least three more, but if it will satisfy your noble intent then by all means sleep and keep my house safe!" He said this in a mock commanding tone then settled in a silent fit of laughter. Again, harmless, but perhaps I would sleep lightly tonight.
I placed my shield against the wall next to the door and kept my sword close at hand. Hybrida brought me a small pillow and a ratty blanket that smelled of musty fur. It was like silk to me. Indeed, I had never had so fine a rest as I did in the home of the hermit, Hybrida.

The sun awoke me early with its piercing light accompanied by the cries of gulls. Old Hybrida sat slumped face down at his desk and for a moment I feared he had died in the night. Then a loud snore and snort shot him into wakefulness. He blinked at the light then looked at me.
"Heh, still here, eh?" he asked. "I thought you would've bolted by now with all my worldly goods."
I stifled a yawn. "I would've, but I have no need for a few wooden bowls and utensils. Nor for a book full of vague mutterings you hear from the wind." This last part caused a sour grimace to appear and another round of muttering from the old man. He picked up a small bucket next to the fireplace.
"Go make yourself useful and draw some water. There is a cistern behind the house. I will make some food for your journey." I thanked him graciously then headed out into the pleasant morning light. Behind the house I followed a path upwards into the cliffs that terminated in a small natural cistern. I splashed a bit on my face then drained a bucketful in a few gulps. The crisp coolness chased away the last vestiges of sleep from my mind. It had been a blessedly dreamless sleep. Something which I was extremely grateful for considering the ordeal of the past day. I put the bucket down and climbed up the slippery rocks surrounding the cistern until I reached the top. Stretching out below me was a mighty expanse of sand and ocean. I strained my eyes to both horizons until I could just barely make out distant smoke trails to the North. There would be my destination for today.
Once back inside Hybrida's hut I inquired as to what lay north of us.
"The camp of the Achaean army no less," he replied. "I suspect you knew that though since you apparently came that way these past few days."
Damn, I thought. The old bastard had me trapped in my own foolish lie. I made to speak but he lifted a hand to silence me.
"A moment, if you will. I don't know who you are, but you seem to be no friend to the Achaeans and that suits me just fine. Your path most assuredly leads to the Achaean camp though."
"How do you know that?" I asked, more than a little astonished.
"If I told you the wind spoke to me last night and claimed to give aid to a lone solider passing through, would you believe me?" I shook my head.
"No, I would not."
"And if I told you the waves spoke to me as you slept last night; to warn me that there was a great upheaval coming soon and that great forces will battle for the luck of Troy, would you still not believe me? They warned me to stay away from the camp of the Achaean Kings." This brought a familiar chill to my body. The earth was stirring its bones. The rats were digging once more and this time to the Achaean camp. Hybrida nodded solemnly, but remained silent.
"I thank you, Hybrida, for sharing your home and hearth with me."
"Twas nothing good soldier. May peace follow in your footsteps and guide you to what you seek," he replied. He handed me a small parcel of food and a skin of water from the bucket. With these and my weapons slung on my back I made my way towards the fires in the north. I needed to make it back into the city and to the palace. Once there I could convince my brother of the urgency of the situation with the Di Inferno. The hole in my room needed to be resealed and the whole palace examined for more tunnels that could house potential ambushes. For now I knew what the rats' plan had been all along. They weren't setting a trap for me, but rather for Ares. Some force must have told them he was in the palace and weaker than average due to the proximity of the Palladium. Armed with this knowledge they had struck and we had fallen right in, literally and figuratively. They had lured us into their domain using the trap and the legendary anger of Ares. How many hundreds of their number had sacrificed themselves in our desperate encounter? It had worked though. The essence of their dark god now resided in the vessel once known as Ares, Bringer of War. But for what foul purpose? Whatever it was, I couldn't comprehend it now.
The first indication that I was in trouble came when an arrow struck the sand next to my foot. I rolled to the side instantly and brought my weapon to bear. A second indication clanged off my shield as the dunes around me erupted with horsemen. They were dressed in rough leathers with bits of rusty looking metal here and there. Their weapons were similarly crude, roughhewn spears, short bows, and small belt knives.
Achaeans.
I knew immediately that I could slaughter all of them with comparative ease. Armed with the metal of gods and the metal inside me, dealing with this scruffy lot would've hardly caused me to break a sweat. Plus maybe they had some food on them, or decent wine. At this point I was ready to drink whatever vile grape mash they carried.
Instead, I laid down my weapons in supplication. This was how I was going to break into the Achaean camp. After all, by now Strax, Hippolytus and the rest must be there, intent on putting on their crazy show and rescuing the Palladium. I was going to be escorted directly to them.
The leader approached me on a horse slightly better than the rest of his comrades. He was a brutish, squat looking man with a thick black beard that reduced his eyes to tiny beads of hate. He barked at me in that uncouth tongue the Achaeans claim as their language. I shook my head and tried a few words in the various languages I knew. Nothing. The man was growing more frustrated. I debated amending back to my original plan and gutting the lot of them. Before I could do more than lift my sword another horseman appeared over the dunes. He was a very ungainly rider despite the magnificence of his horse. His armor and weapons were also of a better quality than his mates. No crude leathers, rather he was armed in light bronze plates with a shining shield at his side. He crashed to a halt in front of us and stared down at me. The lad could have been no older than eighteen. Probably the son of nobleman, here on his first duty assignment: babysitting the allies.
"Wait!" he shouted. "I know who this one is." My whole body tensed in anticipation of the coming fight. It never came. His confederates scratched their heads. The young boy sighed and repeated himself in their crude tongue. He continued on for some time, gesticulating and carrying on. Finally they seemed to assent to his idea. He turned back to me.
"You're with that theater troupe? The one that got lost?" It was not a question. The boy had adopted a haughty demeanor to deal with rabble like me. I must have gotten grubby during my time in the underworld.
"That's meyour grace." I tacked on that last bit and bowed my head to prevent the boy from seeing me grinding my teeth. I would play along now, but if I ran into him again I'd give him a thump he'd remember for the rest of his life.
"Well, consider yourself lucky that I arrived first. My northern comrades here were getting ready to gut you and take those fine weapons you carry. I explained to them they were merely props and of no real use." I inwardly shouted for joy at my luck. Smiling like a loon, I tapped the shield with my knuckle.
"Of course, my lord. Mere tin with a bit of bronze to make sure it doesn't break easily. These props cost a lot of money."
"Of course, now we must leave quickly. Your performance is tonight and I am sure you will be eager to meet your comrades again." I bowed low at this proclamation. This seemed to mollify the little wretch, and he barked some orders to the horsemen. They brought me an unbridled horse and beckoned me to towards it. Thankfully I was an excellent rider and was able to scrabble up. Before their animals were used for meat, Troy had a fine cavalry troop armed with lance and shield in the Neurian style. Part of my training had been with them and they had taught me to ride in any style, including bareback.
We set off at a hard pace. I endeavored to glean what I could from my captor who was oddly named Aretus and was a son of Lord Nestor; thankfully like most empty headed noblemen, he liked to gossip. Evidently, Plautus's little performance was anticipated across the camp and even out into the citadels. Agamemnon had even insisted on constructing an entire theater complex, complete with luxury seating for the various leaders of the nations. I itched to make a break for it. This was crucial information. If I could get back to the city we could set a grand plan in motion. We could slaughter the whole of the Achaean leadership while they sat watching lovesick shepherd tootle their horns at nymphs or whatever abomination Plautus was putting on.
The impossibility of this plan gradually dawned on me the closer we got to the main encampment. Guards on foot and horse appeared with greater frequency as we approached. Towers and wall palisades appeared on the outskirts. Obviously the Achaeans were wise enough to protect their flanks even if their understanding of latrine placement remained woefully inadequate. One such occupant of the latrine ditch hailed us as we rode by. Our guard of horsemen disengaged and rode over to the fellow.
"Filthy Macedonians," Aretus muttered. Evidently even the Achaeans needed someone to look down on. Hardly surprising when regional history was taken into account. At some point in the past a filthy chief had stabbed or robbed another filthy chief and their slightly less filthy descendants still fought over it to this very day. I let him mutter about horse-shagging Macedonians while I made a careful survey of the camp. It had definitely changed from the last time I had seen it, almost a decade before. Then, it had just been some scruffy camp where most of the men slept in filthy tents or on their boats. Admittedly, most of them seemed to live in semi-squalor still, but now it was in huts of varying levels of crudeness. All around me was enough stone and wood to build a good sized Trojan neighborhood. I supposed when they weren't fighting us they had to be kept busy. I saw off duty soldiers shedding their armor and grabbing cap and hoe to go put in some time at the fields. A band of Macedonian cavalry drove a herd of cattle past us. A large, makeshift town had evidently sprung up while the siege continued in trenches less than a mile away.
Like any good town, the closer we came to the center the less civilian enterprises we saw. Huts were replaced by barracks where the more martial nations housed their men. Larger houses evidently held the lords of the various nations in a degree of comfort not known to their soldiers. In the center of it all rose the great citadel the Achaeans had constructed with stone taken from our captured citadels. It was an ugly squat structure that was nonetheless still impressive in its martial simplicity. The day we drove the Achaeans from our shores would be especially hard-fought around that stronghold. Perhaps even more impressive than their stone castle was the large wooden structure being built next to it. This would be the theater Aretus had mentioned. I was impressed at the speed with which it had been constructed for Plautus' play. He must have made a better impression on the assembly of Achaeans leaders than he had on me. Achaeans did enjoy these fruity little spectacles more than your average Trojan. We preferred the more martial entertainments like chariot races, criminal executions and the occasional riot in the Comitium.
It was quite a grand structure for something thrown together perhaps only a day before. While I was fully prepared to doubt the carpentry of the Achaeans, I had to admire their speed and singleminded dedication to erecting it. Aretus steered me toward one of the wide entrances into the theater. Within was just as impressive as the outsides. There were tiered balcony seats for the various kings and lords. Below that was a sort of general seating section of wooden benches, no doubt intended for the less important captains. Right down in front of the stage was a large open pit for the general rabble of troops to occupy. I sincerely hoped Plautus' play was up to snuff. Otherwise we could look forward to a long evening of being pelted with insults and rotten food.
The stage itself was raised above this section enough to prevent the odd drunk soldier from joining in on the fun, but not enough that they could not see the action on the stage. Currently the only action was Plautus berating a pack of shamefaced actors dressed as satyrs. It was to my unending shock and humor that these actors were none other than Strax, Hippolytus, Herodion, Olympia, and Koios. They were dressed in the traditional garb of stage satyrs, animal skins clothes with horned masks to cover their faces.
"Ah, our final member graces us with his noble presence!" Plautus had caught sight of our entrance and turned the full fury of his little frame onto me. The strange, malevolent gleam I had noticed earlier in his eyes was back. In fact, the formerly wan, tepid man had seemingly been replaced by a doppelgnger filled with verve and zest. There was surety to his step and a subtle menace to his gait that caught me off guard. Watching him I could detect something of the fox or stoat about him, some unknown quality which gave him an element of animal cunning. He would be one to watch in the future.
"I fear I lost you all when I went searching for that missing pack mule," I replied. "I am overjoyed to find you all in good health."
"And you," Plautus said. "You are the final piece needed for my latest performance. Without your timely arrival we would have been forced to put on a collection of famous moments in history. I doubt our benefactors would be pleased by that change in plans."
"So the noble lords are looking forward to our production?" Through sidelong glances I watched Aretus attempt to talk with a wholly indifferent Olympia. The boy was pulling up his tunic to show off his scant scars. Herodion and Hippolytus looked ready to burst from held in laughter.
"Oh yes, when I told them I had come seeking them in particular, braving the elements and banditry of our fair land to debut my latest play they were overjoyed." He made a gesture towards the structure around him. "And generous too. I asked for a mere platform in which to perform, but they have erected this fine theater for our purpose. To yours too, I believe." He indicated to where more workmen were busy hammering away at some sort of raised wooden platform underneath the balcony of the kings.
"For the Palladium I hear tell," explained Plautus. "My play is entitled The House of Atreus and with Athena being his patron goddess, Lord Agamemnon decided it was only fair to have her sacred aspect in attendance as well." The look in his eyes was of a wolf explaining the finer points of cooking to a sheep. Over his shoulder Strax was making hasty signals for me to speak with him. I excused myself from the playwright and made my way across the stage. By this point Aretus had his sword out and was attempting to show Olympia how to properly gut a Trojan soldier. Olympia remained bored it seemed.
"Hector, be ready to run tonight," Strax stated plainly without any sort of preamble or explanation.
"And why is that?"
"Because Plautus is stark raving mad. The play may tell of the sacred roots of Agamemnon's family, but I doubt he will enjoy it much. We might be lucky to escape with our lives intact," Strax whispered hastily, his eyes never leaving the aforementioned playwright.
"There's a portion of it when it will be just Plautus on stage. We'll make our break then. We'll have to leave Hippolytus's old attendants since they're as useless as most priests, but he doesn't seem overly fond-"
I held up a hand to silence him.
"We can't leave here without the Palladium."
"We may not leave here with our lives," he insisted.
"It doesn't matter. We have to bring it back before something happens to it." I declined to mention my conversation with the wind talker or his dire warnings supposedly heard from the elements.
"Besides, Plautus getting arrested for insulting the king might provide us with a good distraction to escape. Grab the Palladium, start a few fires, commandeer some horses in the chaos and hightail it back to the gates." It had to be that way. Something in my gut told me that deep below us the Di Inferni were plotting and digging. Tonight would be the night.
"You're both mad," Strax said shaking his head. "Utterly, raving mad, but I suppose it can't be helped. Now find a tunic that fits you and a mask that suits you. There is very little time to memorize your lines and everyone is playing multiple parts."

Chapter 14
"Well, I think is going rather better than expected."
"Is Agamemnon still trying to have us arrested?" I asked while taking off my bronze shoulder piece. Plautus had wanted me to merely show some of my metal skeleton, but that would give me away immediately to the assembled Achaeans.
"No, it seems your pal Achilles has had him forcibly restrained with rope. Odysseus seems to have talked him down from wanting us skewered then publicly burned," Strax replied. "Now hand me my phallus, Act 3 is about to begin." I tossed the offending implement to him then went in search of my own costume. Thankfully my lines were severely limited. At most I had to smile coyly, make rude gestures, and laugh at the various jokes made by others. All very easy and it allowed me much time to watch the Palladium. I didn't know how the Di Inferni would strike, but I hoped the abundance of heavily armed warriors in the Achaean camp would dissuade them from a frontal assault.
I peaked out from behind the curtain. Up in the balcony was the cream of the Achaean leadership. From fierce Achilles and Ajax to wise Nestor and cunning Odysseus, plus more than a few I couldn't place, all were assembled. I itched for a sword and an opportunity to slay as many as possible. They were strong fighters, but I doubted they had brought more weapons than a belt knife. Achilles would be trouble, but our duel was to be soon anyway. The man was dressed for a fight even when he was taking in some casual theater. He didn't wear his full bronze armor, but stiffened leathers with sword and knife belted at his waist. I didn't doubt his great shield was near at hand either. It was also easy to spot his Myrmidons in the audience. Aside from standing in one clump they imitated his style of dress and demeanor. They were the most ferociously bloody soldiers in the whole Achaean nation and I doubted they had come unarmed. If the Di Inferni attacked us, I would make a break for them.
Until then though I was needed on stage. I affixed the stone phallus to my waist and pulled my tunic over it. Time to shine!

They struck shortly before the end of the third act. I was standing above Atreus, sword raised and ready to slay my uncle when I heard a noise that sent shivers down my spine. The rustling of silken sheets, the soft tinkle of chains upon sand accompanied by the slightest tremor of the stage.
"If you're going to slay him get a move on," Plautus whispered to me. "There's dramatic effect and then there's not being able to perform under pressure."
I turned to face the audience. They were aware something was happening as well. They boiled like sea before a storm. The Achaean leaders stood in their seats trying to calm their men. All except Achilles. He stood armed with shield at ready; a leather cap had appeared on his head as well. Below him the Myrmidons were brawling their way towards the entrance. The soft shaking became a pulsating wave of earth that collapsed timbers and knocked me to the ground. I saw the Palladium fall onto its side; I grimaced at the imagined damage to the sacred article. The ground had gone still again. That was somehow worse than the shaking, and every man there knew it.
From his position in the balcony Achilles looked down and met my eyes through the mask. In an instant I could tell he knew who I was. He didn't cry for the guards or leap down to meet me in combat. He merely cocked a bushy eyebrow and smiled ever so slightly before departing the balcony, no doubt to meet his men. That man was an odd one.
The rest of the troupe appeared at my back.
"I think it might be time to go," Strax said warily. The others nodded mute assent; Plautus seemed to have vanished though. Good riddance to that strange bastard.
"Yes, I think its best we leave." As I said this massive holes opened in the floor of the theater; darkness spilled forth.
"Now!" I shouted, then hustled them backwards. "Flee! Fly! Get everyone to safety!"
"Where will you be?" Strax asked.
"I'll meet you before the gates. Now go!" I gave him a quick shove in their direction. For once he didn't protest. He quickly fled towards the group, hustling and chiding them along. Beneath the stage the unfortunate souls not quick enough to escape were drowning in a sea of darkness. The Di Inferni were here. I itched to leap into the fray, but it was a sure way to a quick death. I was armed with godly weapons, but there was a limit to even cold steel among that gibbering mass.
"Hector!"
From the corner of the theater opposite stood Achilles and his Myrmidons. Instead of retreating and running they were fighting their way into the center of the mass, straight for me. Weary survivors renewed their efforts and tried to make to their way towards them, the safety in this deluge of blood. Achilles himself was a wonder to behold. That last time I had seen such martial poetry from him it had ended with me dead on the Trojan sand. Still, one had to admire the cold efficiency of his fighting. Indeed, all of his men shared this brutal style as they hacked and cut their way through a mass of foe that would send lesser men running in horror.
In the failing light of the day I could see the creatures my family worshipped as the Di Inferni much more clearly. They were hideous. While my fight in the dark merely hinted at their repulsiveness, they were much worse under the theatre torches. They possessed a sickly pale green skin with brown warts or scales of some sort scattered across it. Hideously long misshapen ears crowned hairless heads, beneath which were beady, malevolent eyes with blood red pupils that were terrifying to behold. They had begun to boil up to the rim of the stage to assault me. I stabbed the first one through its wicked little eye and raced to grab the shield of Ares. The stage itself collapsed as I gripped the shield straps and pulled it towards me. I was sliding into another seething mass of the rat creatures. I skidded to a halt and leapt to my feet before I could tumble into that miasma of death. I laid into them with all the wrath of the House of Priam had learned through centuries of protecting our land. In a moment I was surrounded by Achaean warriors who gradually forced the foe back into the hole from whence they came.
Our victory was short lived. The Achaean camp must have had a veritable warren of tunnels beneath it. They spilled from a newly collapsed hole behind us and assaulted our flanks in succession. Still, with the wrath of Achilles and his fierce countrymen, we were able to make our way to the theater exit, picking up what little wounded we could find. As we made our exit the great wooden structure finally collapsed in a cloud of splinters and dust. We gained no respite. The camp was in chaos. Warren holes were opening everywhere and spilling out their filthy contents. In ones and twos half naked, bewildered warriors were overtaken and consumed. We formed an iron core that men rallied to in their desperation. We grew stronger with each man and each leader who brought his own harried countrymen to our cause.
I found myself standing next to Achilles as he laid into the horde with a great double bladed ax he had somehow found.
"Does this mean our duel is off?"
"Hardly," he said between swings. "It just means we'll have to change the conditions of our duel to something less strenuous. Say, whoever can gather the most shells from the beach?" His axe clove two of the vermin and injured three more next to them in one powerful swing.
"Whoever can carry the most children around the public park!" My shield swung a wide arch and launched several foes into the air screaming. I trampled another's throat with my foot.
"Fish catching contest!"
"Pastry eating contest!"
"Whoever can kill the most of these little vermin."
"Too overdone, besides I wouldn't be able to keep count."
"Trojan education not all it's cocked up to be, eh?"
"I'd say no considering my family still sacrifices to these beastly little creatures."
A troop of Macedonian cavalry appeared at a full gallop and slammed into the monsters. Bones crunched beneath unshod hooves as lance and sword went to work. A second force of Achaean infantry in full bronze appeared down the street. Ajax the Great was in their forefront and he laughed horribly while he bashed his foes. He had no weapon save his bronze gauntlets, but they were fearsome with his immense strength behind them.
"We might just pull this off," Achilles grunted. We had herded another swarm of Di Inferno back to a warren hole. Our strategy was to drive them back then fill the holes with the corpses of our slain foe. They had numbers surely, but our weapons and organization aided us greatly. The pockets of soldiers began coalescing, forming a larger, stronger front to face the foe with. They must have sensed the sea change because before long they were retreating back underground; they even abandoned their dead to us as grisly prizes that the men were loathe to touch. It was suddenly quiet again. The moans of the wounded were there, but their pitiful cries were few and lost to the wind that blew in from the sea. It would smell wretched in the city after this battle.
In the midst of the central forum the leaders of nations met. Even Agamemnon and Menelaus skulked out of the citadel where they had held themselves during the fight. They at least had the decency to look shamefaced as they muttered some excuse as to why they closed the gates. It fell on deaf ears as the other leaders congratulated themselves and each other for a well fought victory. There were a few murmurs of surprise as one by one they noticed my presence, but once they saw me liberally coated in the gore of our common foe they let me be. The vast giant Ajax approached me.
"I suppose by all rights I should have you bound and flayed for setting foot in this camp," he said. "But it would be a great disservice for one who stood by us in combat." He extended his hand in the gallic style and I gladly took it.
"Methinks most of us grow weary of this fighting," he continued. "There are greater foes in the world than some wife stealing Asiatics. While I am loathe to leave a war undecided, I feel I must return home and protect my kingdom from this chthonic threat."
There were murmurs of assent from many of the assembled leaders. They seemed to be the ones wise in years or insignificant in terms of power, but it was still a mighty coalition with these two champions amongst them.
"I cannot speak for my brother, the King," I began. "But any nation that seeks peace with Troy on her terms may leave here unmolested and enjoy the fruits of our trade." This turned more heads and calculating eyes even from kings of larger nations. Many approached and shook my hand, perhaps seeking some facial recognition when the time came for them to approach the negotiation table. I accept them all gladly and greeted them as friends rather than the mortal foes they should have been. All the while Agamemnon and Menelaus stood apart with their more hostile followers and said nothing, merely glaring at me.
It was then the ground began to shake.
"Arise, brethren," Achilles shouted. "They come again!"
If only it had been that simple. Instead of multiple holes opening, one giant one gaped open in the center forum, swallowing some unfortunate souls into its stygian depths. The rats had returned. They bubbled like tar from the Styx yet paused on it brim, declining to engage us. We hastily formed a thick ring around the hole; a few enterprising souls even lobbed a few spears and arrows into the host. Over the din of Achaean war cries I could hear the Di Inferni chanting. It sounded familiar even as a new dread gripped my body. They were chanting the same incantations that had transformed Ares into the avatar of their own vicious deity.
"Everyone back!" I yelled. Most could not hear me over their own chanting. Those that could merely gave me confused looks. I turned to face the Achaean host behind me; almost immediately a heavy cracking sound and the force of a thousand winds knocked me to the ground. I looked over my shoulder at Ares, now consumed by that grim magic, rising from the mass of Di Inferni. He was decked in black obsidian armor and carried a club of the same type. His eyes were twin firestorms and his mouth seemed to contain more fire as well. My suspicions were confirmed when he brought his head back and roared a challenge to the heavens. Then he was among us like a scythe to grain. The remaining Macedonian cavalry were the first to feel the wrath of his great club that stood twice as high as any man. In a flash they were reduced to a mist of red blood and bits of metal. He battered the bronze coated warriors and stamped them to the ground as they tried to hurry their ponderous armor. Every man fled for his life before this ashen death god with no regard for his fellow soldiers, who were being consumed by the black tide of the rats from the earth.
I grabbed Ajax by the top of his cuirass.
"Rally these men! Get them back into battle lines," I ordered him. He snarled behind me at the obsidian club-wielder then hurried off, calling for other leading Achaeans to show themselves and stand firm. I turned to Achilles and his Myrmidons who were the only soldiers to stand their ground.
"Send your men to stiffen the ranks." He barked an order and they obeyed unquestioningly. As a single unit they about faced and hacked their way towards the rest of the Achaeans. Ajax and the others were chiding them into battle lines using curse and compliment alike. A man will brave the fiercest dangers so long as there is a comrade on either side of him. It was with this sentiment in mind that I finally addressed Achilles.
"It is up to us to defeat him. You are the greatest warrior in the Achaean camp."
"And you in the Trojan camp," he replied. "Plus you have the benefit of all that ironwork in your guts. Now how do we kill this bastard?"
"He's a twice god, a cruel combination of Ares the war-bringer and whatever foul deity those creatures worship." Achilles merely grunted noncommittally at this pronouncement. Nothing fazed this man.
"Then we have our work cut out for us. Come on then, let's see to all this." We charged as one to separate sides of the great beast. The god's own sword did no damage to the exposed part I slashed at nor did the great axe Achilles wielded. I ducked and rolled away from a ponderous swing from that great club, then laid a vicious swipe into its heel tendon. Still nothing. Achilles raced between the creature's leg and gave a vicious upward cut into its groin. A puff of black powder coated him, but nothing more. The remaining Achaean soldiers were engaged in their own battle against the horde of creatures from the depths. By now, it seemed that the strength of the whole Achaean nation was engaged in this battle for the future of our land. Neither Achilles nor I could aid them against of the flood of darkness; we were caught up in our own struggle against infernal forces.
It was two mere mortals versus the might of a twice imbued god. We stood no chance, yet we had no option but to keep fighting. This abomination would lay waste to us, then to the Achaean camp, and perhaps even attack Troy itself. Either way, the dark designs of the Di Inferni had to be stopped. Slowly, he drove us back. We fled to better tactical ground amidst the heap of rubble that was once the theater. I hoped the immense weight of the god would cause him to collapse into one of the warren holes. It wouldn't mean victory, merely a moment's respite. Instead it was I who stumbled first. My foot slipped into the space between two broken boards and I could do nothing to pull it out. At a shout from Achilles I brought my shield up in time to bear the brunt a savage blow from Ares. My bone snapped cleanly at the ankle and I was sent skidding along the rubble trailing a thick river of blood. The sword was lost and only the straps of the shield kept it attached to my arm.
The pain was unbearable. I looked at whatever object stopped me and was surprised by the serene eyes of Pallas Athena. The Palladium stood on its side among the rubble where it had been partially buried by the theater's collapse. Its luck must have been exhausted for I could feel myself growing weaker with each whir of my heart. I was distantly aware of Achilles bravely battling on alone against the forces of evil. I could do nothing for him. My body was mangled beyond repair. Exposed flesh and metal dripped blood onto the sacred emblem of Troy. My left foot was a gory mess and my fingers traced a delicate path along a jagged gash in my skull. I rolled onto my back and looked up at the storm covered sky. Where were the gods now? Why were they letting their chosen nations be slaughtered by this grim mockery of all that was good? What stopped them?
It was then that I remembered the words of Koios as we sat in the whorehouse of Madame Falernia. The Palladium prevented the interference of the gods. It formed a shield in which no Olympian could use their abilities to full strength. It was the Luck of Troy. I pushed myself up and stared down at the age darkened wood bearing the likeness of the goddess. I dragged myself to my feet, all too aware of the weight I was placing on the bloody wreck of my foot and the violent shivers it sent up my body. Achilles still fought on, but now aided by his loyal soldiers who died vainly under the might of the ashen god. I lifted the shield of Ares above my head and redirected the last bits of energy into my arms. The heat coursed through my metal bones and all too mortal flesh, singeing me until I had to cry out. All stopped to stare at me, even the foul creatures and their god. I brought the shield down upon the Palladium with all the force I could muster. It cracked, the fractures running the length of it as an eerie white light seemed to emanate from them. The explosion it gave off knocked me to my knees.
All was silent. Everyone seemed to be holding their breath in anticipation of something. Nothing was happening. That awful gibbering from the Di Inferni was rising in pitch again. Men turned from me to begin the desperate fight again.
The first crack of thunder rendered all in the vicinity silent. Then lightning lit the sky as a mighty wind roared in from the sea. The first lightning strike annihilated a stricken band of Di Inferni, sending their flaming corpses high into the air. Then suddenly the air was filled with innumerable other strikes that tore into the black horde. A great wailing sounded as they began to fall back to their warrens in a frenzied tangle. The gods of Olympus were once more making their presence felt; the preventative power of the Palladium was broken utterly.
Their cries further increased when the rats saw what the horizon held. Great waterspouts gyrated towards us amidst ominous gray clouds that shook with thunder and were alight with the promise of more lightning. The greatest of these watery worms leapt into the air like a bird in flight only to come crashing down onto the largest of the doorways to the deep. The smaller waterspouts crashed ashore with the fury of a hurricane. The rats were swept from the sand into the abyss on a roiling tide of water. The stunned Achaean warriors were showered in this colossal deluge of water, bracing together shoulder to shoulder to withstand the force of the tidal wave.
As suddenly as they came, all these miracles departed in sprays of misty wind. The water receded and the sun broke through the scattered clouds. Achilles stood propped up between Ajax and another captain, alive, but more battered than that great warrior was probably used to. On the ground, unconscious, lay the mighty Ares. The great deluge had shed the black ash he had been coated in. He was still ugly as ever, but no doubt was his original self again. A great sputtering of water and cursing brought him awake. The assembled soldiers hastily retreated a few steps from the prone form of the god. He stood up and surveyed the damage around him.
"Oof, this is one hell of a headache," he grumbled while clutching his head. He seemed then to notice the soldiers surrounding him. He gave a start and was suddenly back in his godly armaments. The mighty shield had disappeared from my side to once more adorn his scarred forearm. At this wonder the soldiers dropped to their knees in supplication. Ares smiled and gave me a wink before disappearing in a flash of light. Yes, he was most certainly free of the corrupting influence of the Di Inferni. From within the crowd came a great commotion.
Thrust to the front were Strax, Hippolytus, Herodion, Koios, and Olympia. The men were bound hand to foot by long ropes, but Olympia was merely escorted by a burly Achaean. From the way he stared at her it was obvious she had worked her magic on him already. Queen of Crete indeed. Achilles managed to mumble out an order to release them. I wanted to thank him for this, but found I could hardly stand steady let alone walk. My party hurried to my side as they sensed what was to come. I didn't even feel myself hit the ground.

Chapter 15
When I awoke it was dark. For a brief moment I thought I was back underground. I struggled against cloth bonds that snapped immediately.
"He's awake," someone called. Several sets of hands steadied me. One particularly feminine pair removed the eye covering. It was Helen. She stared down at me with those lovely eyes like we were the only people in the room. We were not unfortunately. A throat was politely cleared behind her. It was Strax and Hippolytus trying to look discreet. Helen stepped back and assumed her regal pose. We were in the medical wing of the Palace. Aulus was thankfully nowhere to be seen though someone had attended to my wounds most skillfully.
"They let you out? You survived the Clostra?" It was a stupid question, but it still escaped my lips before I could stop myself. She put on a tired smile.
"Yes, though it was more of an order to remain in my chambers rather than the Clostra. Lord Nicostratus was most polite about it, oddly enough. Then after Lord Achilles had his audience with my husband I was released and given a pardon."
"I'm sure Paris was having fits over that," I commented.
"Not at all," Helen continued, a glint of malicious glee in her eyes. "He came bearing the wounded Royal Prince of Troy in a litter and the remains of the Palladium as a show of good faith. Your brother had to receive him with all the dignity he deserved." She gripped my hand tightly, her thumb tracing the line of a new scar on the back of my palm. I was too weak to embrace her, but this would do for now.
"He also declared his intent to abandon the siege and sail home."
"Soso the war's over?" I hastily sat up despite the wave of pain that washed over me. The war over? My heart skipped a beat at just the thought of it all being done. Everyone could just go home and try to pick up the pieces of their lives left behind. I could set foot beyond the walls without armor or skulking from shadow to shadow. Helen pushed me gently back down to the mattress and held my hand once more.
"No, I'm afraid not," Strax said wearily. "Agamemnon and his brother plus their allies have declared their intent to continue the siege. It is a massive blow to their efforts, but they've already put out calls for mercenaries to join them. They're prepared to pay the highest rates this side of Delphi. A few departing kings may even return for wages like that."
I let my head fall back into the cushions. The war would continue unabated. I would need to rest and recuperate as quickly as I could. The city of Troy would need her champion.
It seemed as if Helen could read my thoughts.
"Rest, Hector, rest as long as you like. The dissenting kings have already broken camp and formed their own within the shadow of the city. They claim they will only speak to you at the negotiations table. I took the liberty of sending them a token of good faith to assuage those who were nervous about camping so close to the city."
"Which was?" I asked.
"Your personal standard resides in the center of their camp while my own is hoisted above the tent for negotiations." It brought a smile to my face to imagine the spasms of rage that would've crossed Agamemnon's ugly face.
"Of course," she continued. "It will have to be taken down once I depart the city."
A long silence hung in the room, interrupted only by the scraping of feet as Strax and Hippolytus beat a hasty retreat out the door. Helen was no longer meeting my eyes and from my reclined position I could not even reach out to her. She looked tired and older than I knew her to be.
"In a private audience with my husband, we decided it was best that I depart the city for a time while the negotiations occur. The sight of me is often disruptive to any diplomatic effort."
I smiled at the memory of beaning her husband with ornate Achaean tableware. Her own smile briefly crossed her face, but flickered and vanished as quickly as it came.
"So it has been decided I will depart to take up the post of Exarch of Bosphorus."
I leapt out of the bed and staggered over to her.
"No! No! Stay! Let me go in your place. Let me come with you!" Bosphorus was in a constant state of siege from the raiding nomadic tribes. They couldn't break through the stout walls of our towns, but neither could we pursue them across the open plains of their homeland. It was rare for Exarchs not to personally lead their men on the major raids. Consequently the mortality rate tended to be higher for that territory. Her husband was consigning her to death outside the city. My knees went weak and I felt myself falling. I fell into her arms and clutched her tightly to me. No words would come to me, but she required none. We stood there for a long moment before I could regain control of my thoughts. I was a Prince of Troy and needed to behave as such.
"I will send Hippolytus with you as Legate. He was the best cavalry commander I ever knew," I said.
"That is good," Helen replied. "He is killing himself slowly here. The Bosphorus is known for their poor vintages." This last bit was said with a wan smile. I stared into those beautiful eyes, the most beautiful in the whole world. There was a knock at the door. Strax peaked around the door for a moment before Nicostratus burst in with all the grace he couldn't be bothered to muster. He had least had the decency to ignore the close quarters Helen and I kept.
"Hail Hector, Prince of Troy!" He yelled with his customary salute high in the air.
"Hail, Nicostratus," I replied much more sedately. Helen had moved a distance away to stare out the window. Her ears remained sharp though. Nicostratus wasted no time.
"Are you able to move and fight?" he asked bluntly.
"Well, yes, I suppose. I'm a bit stiff though."
"That will suit, bring your elderly squire to assist you. We must hasten to your father's chambers."
"Why?"
"King Nestor brought a wagon full of those vile corpses into the city today as trophies. To think those foul vermin have lived beneath our city for so long and that we once worshipped them" He shook his head in disbelief. "I've come to believe your father may be in danger from thosecreatures. At the very least he must be taken from the custody of the twins and held in a safer place." This was all that was needed. Strax hastily helped me into my leather armor and retrieved a small arsenal of weapons from the cabinet. In the hallway was a full century of the City Cohort in field armor.
"Are we expecting a fight?" I asked Nicostratus.
"There were screams heard from the chambers not too long ago," he replied. "Better safe. No telling what they are up to in there." I agreed and we hastened off. I shot a glance over my shoulder at Helen who stood there with a hand half raised in goodbye. I grinned back at her then remembered I had my helm on. We rounded a corner and passed from her sight.

We arrived at my father's chamber to find them locked and barred. The Cohort spread out stealthily through the adjoining hallways, covering all potential exits. Nicostratus beat on them with his one good arm.
"Open up in there. In the name of the House of Priam open this damn door now!" His voice could've shattered steel, but the door declined to open.
"We'll need a ram."
"No, we won't," I replied. I wobbled a bit on my bandaged foot, but was able to brace myself against Strax and slam my other foot through the wood. Nicostratus stuck his arm through the hole I made and pried the bar off. The whole entourage pushed through the door together. We must have made quite a sight considering many of us were covered in bruises from the previous day's exertions. Add in Nicostratus and his pack of very uncomfortable looking soldiers; Nicostratus himself didn't look too concerned by what was happening. He was about to eliminate a threat to the city of Troy, even if that threat come from within the ruling family he was sworn to protect.
Inside it looked much the same as before. Except instead of having to beat aside exotic birds and listen to that excruciatingly Achaean music the place was as empty and quiet as a ghost town. Even the fountains were turned off and their perfumed water left to molder. The great shelf containing all the works of my father was empty except for a few hidden in the back. It seemed as if everyone had simply vanished.
"Where is-" I lifted a head to interrupt.
"Listen," I instructed. Coming from the interior chambers was the faint sound of voices. We padded softly towards the rhythmic chanting until we came to the door of the family chapel. The Di Inferni and the Gate were there. Who the chanters were hit me right as Strax, Nicostratus, and the Cohort charged in with weapons drawn. There was a screech of indignation and a flurry of cursing from Strax. The sight that greeted me would've been comical had it not been for the profusion of blood everywhere. It coated the walls, the floors, and most disturbingly of all, it coated Cassandra and Helenus. They lay on the ground struggling against the men who held them amid a series of crude shapes and pictograms drawn in more blood on the ground.
"Get your filthy common hands off us!" Helenus yelled. A gilded, ornately carved bone knife lay a feet from his hand. The body of one of the servants lay weakly bleeding, his blood pooling into the Gate's depths. Hippolytus was next to him, but merely shook his head. We were too late to save his life. I looked down at the corpse and the small badge on his shoulder. It was the same crude pictograms I had seen underground. The servants had been promised to the gods below long before this date.
"Where is father?" I demanded. The twins began to giggle.
"He is with the gods, dear brother. He is where he has always longed to be."
"He claimed he was going to see you. No one told him one must descend to the heavens, not ascend."
"They shall greet him warmly though. He is from the House of Priam and will be accorded all honor by his new subjects."
"They came for him and as gently as Eos bore him to the kingdom beneath."
I walked over to the grate and looked down into its stygian depths. My own sojourn there would haunt my dreams until the day I died. Now my father was to live amongst those beastly people. As what? King? Entertainment? Sacrifice? I bent down to the grate that covered the Gate. I knew they were down there, listening, watching, waiting for an opportunity to get revenge on me.
"Bring them over here," I ordered. The royal siblings were hauled to their feet then made to kneel before me.
"For crimes against the Royal House of Troy and for gross perversions against the gods of Olympus I sentence you both to death." Everyone began to look distinctly nervous except for the twins who maintained that annoying serenity.
"Considering your past as a consistent if pessimistic prophetess and aid to the war cause, Cassandra, I hereby commute your sentence to lifetime imprisonment," I said. "Not the Clostra, Nicostratus. Somewhere above ground; even if it has to be specially built."
I turned to Helenus.
"Helenus, in your capacity as Steward to the King you aided in the theft of the Palladium by the forces of our enemy, no doubt for your own infernal reasons beyond mere treason. Plus, I just plain don't like you. If the gods of Olympus find fault in that reason they may take it up with me at their leisure. Nonetheless, your sentence remains death. Throw him in and let him meet his gods in person."
Now their serenity broke. Cassandra screamed a long, piercing wail that was at once full of agony and sorrow and fear; she leapt towards their guards, scratching and kicking with the fury of a she-bear. Nicostratus himself had to step in and help restrain my sister; eventually he struck her a blow on the back of the head. She fell to her knees, stunned. Helenus had leaped to his feet and tried to run. The conventional method of his escape made him easy to deal with by a sure footed soldier. Moments later he was sprawled on the floor before the Gate sobbing incoherently. Cassandra maintained a mute silence as if she was preparing to utter one of her famous prophecies. No words would escape her lips.
I pronounced my judgments again and this time picked Helenus up myself. Strax uneasily removed the wreckage of the grate, then stood back as if repelled by the mere touch of the darkness it contained. I picked my brother up by the scruff of neck and held him over the gate.
"Long live the House of Priam, long live the people of Troy," I whispered. "Farewell, brother."
He fell long into the darkness. His cry of terror was gradually snuffed out and reduced to a mere echo in my head. The grate was placed back over it. I looked at my party; most refused to meet my gaze. Nicostratus of course merely nodded in regard to the punishment of the traitor, then he signaled the guards to move out. Cassandra remained utterly defeated as they took her away. She would be a guest of the City Cohort until I could pay to have some sort of prison made for her. Perhaps a stone chamber placed upon pillars of stone to prevent any interference from the gods below. She was too valuable to lose.
Only Strax and I remained in the blood soaked room where so many souls had been sent to the gods below. The House of Priam was in tatters. The city would have to be told that the former King had died peacefully in his sleep along with my brother Helenus. Any palace servants who had had any contact with him would need to be silenced. I mentally placed Nicostratus and Herodion in charge of that. Hopefully the patrician could balance out a bit of the Cohort chief's more violent tendencies.
"So that's it, eh?" Strax asked.
"I suppose so," I replied. We made our way out of the door. Nicostratus had helpfully left two guards at the door to ensure no one went in. I walked through the palace in a daze, mentally ticking off all the things that needed doing. A full survey of the tunnels throughout the city would need to be made. We would have to figure out some way of filling them in or permanently covering them. After that there would be separate negotiations with the departing Kings. I would probably need to formally offer them sanctuary in the city so that my brother's archery hand didn't get too itchy. Then there was Helen.
I would need to see her off from the docks. I was glad Hippolytus was going with her. At least then she wouldn't be totally alone and would have a loyal protector. I would see her off in my Royal capacity, but no more than that, our time was over. I would also be sure to swathe myself in my ceremonial bronze armor. Better she not see my face during the proceedings. Exarch of the Bosphorus; that truly was a genius way to keep her out of the city. All governors faced a minimum three year posting from the day they arrived before they could return to the city. Sometimes my brother was too clever by half. Or it was merely a final spiteful act from that snake Helenus? I suppose his grand tour of conquest for me would have to wait. No doubt Paris would insist it happen eventually, but for now there were things to do.
Once, in my chambers I realized Strax was gone. Probably back home to be with his family. His son would soon be old enough for the regiments. Hopefully he would only see the tail end of the war before peace began to reign once more. Bigger miracles have happened; I had witnessed many of them over the last few days.
My attention was called to a rolled up scroll sitting on my bed. It bore no recognizable seal nor any outward indication of who wrote it or what its contents were. I broke it open and let it unfurl. My eyes blurred as I read its contents. Then, quickly, I read it again and again until I could no longer focus. There was no time to rest or delay; there was work to be done and very little time to do it. I threw open my doors and marched into the hallway, bellowing for Strax and any attendants nearby. My day had only just begun.
My dearest boy, I am so sorry for the great deception I performed on you. It was with the best of intentions, but it still pains me to imagine your sorrow at my death. Yet I promise you will forgive me when we meet next. For you see, I am now on the trail of our homeland, of Gnosis itself! Yes, our ancient and wondrous home lost to us all these long years of exile. I have discovered its location and I assure you it is not lost beneath the waves, or at least not the parts that interest me.
During those long hours of research into the Palladium, I realized more and more how the two were intrinsically linked. They were the keys to our past, our ancient home, but disaster struck before I could put my theories into play. Goaded by the Di Inferni, your wretched kin aided the Greeks in stealing that most sacred of artifacts. The Di Inferni feared the power of Palladium and I resolved to descend into the roots of the earth to find out why. It was easy to fake my own death with the liberal use of animal blood from the kitchen, an unclaimed body from a mortuary in the Egyptian quarter, and the general obtuseness of the physician Aulus.
I had planned on using some of my deadlier inventions to aid my progress to the world below, but your rampage in the warrens beneath the palace provided just the right distraction. It was deep in those foul depths that I discovered what I needed to know concerning the Palladium and Gnosis. The Di Inferni's memories run deep and their records outdate ours by millennia.
And now I must depart. I have taken the liberty of fixing your injured leg while you slept. Please be more careful in the future, my son, for it might be long ere we meet again. I trust that you will find me one day. I cannot tell you outright for I fear this letter may yet be intercepted by the Fates. I will say this though: listen to the winds. For they speak wisdom as do the waves. Listen closely to their adherents and they will not lead you astray. Farewell, my son. May the gods guide you swiftly to our next meeting.
Kalkeus
PS: This message will self-destruct two minutes after you open it. Sorry, but I needed to try a new recipe for quick burning fuses.
PPS: Take notes and let me know how well it burned. Thanks.

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Jesse Beeson Tate is a writer living in Tampa, FL. Achilles vs. Mecha-Hector is the first in a planned trilogy of books about the Trojan War and everything Homer left out including time travel Romans and bronze androids.
For more information please visit him at www.AuthorTheHun.com or follow him on Twitter at @AuthorTheHun

Other Mecha-Hector Titles
TimeCenturion!
Carry On, Mecha-Hector!
Mecha-Hector vs. The Dinosaur King
Mecha-Hector vs. A Very Large Bear
Mecha-Hector at Blandings

APPENDIX
(Fragments Recovered During Initial Excavation In 1871. Parts 3 & 4 Believed No Longer Extant In This Timeline.)

The Fall of the House of Atreus
Part One
Scene: A woodland glen in the Achaean countryside.
A host of Satyrs dance, frolic, and drink heavily. The ones dancing fall down and begin squabbling over the remaining wine skins.
Satyr 1: Cease! Cease this interminable revelry.
Satyr 3: But why? There is still wine left to drink, songs left to sing, and wine left to drink!
Satyr 2: You already said wine to drink!
Satyr 3: Yes, well speaking is thirsty work and I needed a reminder.
He grabs the wine and drinks long then belches loudly.
Satyr 1: Still, I grow bored with our endless song and dance. We have had precious few real entertainments in a long time.
Satyr 4: We could invite the centaurs over?
Satyr 5: Or the minotaur! We could get him drunk then dress him up like the king of Crete again.
Satyr 3: Or better yet, tell the centaurs they are invited to another royal wedding. That was jolly good fun last time.
Satyr 1: Tell me brethren, what hath all the rage of the minotaur himself and the stupidity of a whole herd of drunken centaurs?
All: Humans!
Satyr 1: Truly, for humans alone possess all the godly qualities of strength, virtue, and piety, but little inclination to use them. They are as angry as the minotaur, as horny as Zeus himself, and possess a natural inclination towards evil.
Satyr 2: Old Prometheus would claim differently
Satyr 1: And where did it get old Prometheus? Chained to a bloody rock with an irate eagle as his companion. Pity the poor fool, he thought humans were worthy of elevation to the status of gods.
Satyr 4: Filthy creatures! They actually bathe and rub themselves in scents. As if the smell of natural musk were too good for them.
All the satyrs boo loudly.
Satyr 5: Plus their shepherds steal all the good nymphs. Or at least the ones quick enough to escape Apollo and Zeus.
Satyr 3: Yet still they are favored above all others in this earthy plane!
All the satyrs boo loudly
Satyr 1: Perhaps we should have fun with that breed favored by the gods above all.
All: Yes! Yes!
Satyr 1: We shall put my plan into action forthwith with the next human who stumbles by!
Satyr 2: Hark! Here comes one now!
Satyr 1: Excellent, for that is Tantalus. The Fates foretold a grim future for him and his children. It is only good and proper that we set him on that god-proclaimed path to ruin.
TANTALUS enters the scene obviously angry. The Satyrs set upon him and tie him up.
Tantalus: What foul savagery is this? More tests by the despicable gods on Olympus?
Satyr 3: Nay! We are merely the revelers of Dionysus! Come, worship with us!
He pours wine down Tantalus' throat until he sputters and chokes.
Tantalus: I have little good to say about your master, but if it's all the same I shall still share your cups. Perhaps the heady wine will ease my anger at the cruel gods.
They untie him and Satyr 1 pours him an overly large cup of wine.
Satyr 1: Tell your troubles, o noble Tantalus. What makes you spit these foul blasphemies? What prayers have the gods not answered that make you so red faced?
Tantalus: Twas not what they didn't do so much as what they did do!
Satyr 1: Speak not in riddles. We are plain, honest folk of the woodlands.
All the satyrs laugh behind their hands and encourage him to drink more.
Tantalus: The crops have failed again this year. The cattle whither as well yet the gods still demand the best of our food stuff be sacrificed to them. What few healthy cattle we have will be reduced to ash and smoke to appease the gods. Our barley and wheat will suffer the same cruel fate. As king of my people I sought to hide some small foodstuffs away, for my people to eat when the winter winds arise in the north. But the gods in their all seeing omnipotence discovered my trick and demanded even more as compensation, heeding not the wails of mothers and cries of children. It will a long winter ere the warm climes return and the ground bears the fruit of our toil. As king my family must suffer the same fate lest the peasants become restless. Even now my beloved child lies hungry in his bed with only the roaring of his stomach to lull him to bed.
Satyr 1: Truly, that is a poor nursemaid. The gods can be so cruel.
All: Truly!
Satyr 1: But you must know the gods only claim omnipotence. Their sight is limited as is a mortal's.
Tantalus: How can this be? They discovered my trick almost immediately.
Satyr 1: Their eyesight is like that of a hawk, but on a grander scale, yet they do not know everything that happens all once when it happens. They probably espied you driving your cattle to their hiding spot and claimed it as their all seeing, all hearing, all knowing divine attributes.
Tantalus: Truly, if what you say is true then there might be a way yet to save my people from hunger.
Satyr 1: Yes, but only by showing the gods you know their secret. If it were to be known the gods were not omnipotent then worship of them would cease and they would fade as clouds of summer do. Once you have shown them you know their secret they must appease you.
Satyr 2: Then you can ask for the foodstuffs your people so desire.
Satyr 1: Think higher, my friend. Why, you could ask for divine elevation!
Tantalus: Become one of the sacred Olympians! Preposterous!
All: Not so!
Satyr 1: Truly, it has been done before. Noble Ganymede was a simple mortal like you once. Now he presents Zeus himself with his sacred cup.
Satyr 4: That's not all he presents to him.
Satyr 5 makes a crude gesture and all the satyrs laugh.
Satyr 1: Prove your cleverness to that divine host and they will reward you greatly.
The visibly drunk Tantalus seems to assent to the idea.
Tantalus: How could I trick them?
Satyr 1: It will come at a heavy price.
Tantalus: I will pay any price to save my people!
Satyr 1: So be it. The gods' love of sacrifice is all too known to you. The burnt offerings of the very best is all they will touch. You must offer them another sacrifice.
Tantalus: Name it!
Satyr 1: Your son. You must give them your son as a roasted sacrifice.
Tantalus: Never!
Tantalus makes to leave but the other Satyrs dog pile onto him.
Satyr 1: Hear my words first, noble lord. Offer the gods the most succulent meat as an offering of good faith to them, but do not tell them its source. Let them feast upon your flesh and blood. Once they are sated, you must reveal your ploy. In their amazement at your cleverness they will elevate you to one of them. Once that is done you may bring your son back to life and provide the foodstuffs for your people. You will be hailed above all the others!
Tantalus is quiet for a while then seems to assent to the plan.
Tantalus: Andand I can bring him back?
Satyr 1: Of course, you will be just as divine as that Lord of the Underworld.
Tantalus: Then I will make it so. Thank you, kind woodland spirits. When I am newly elevated I will take you with me to Olympus to serve as my stewards of cup and hearth.
Satyr 1: Nay, noble lord, we are simple creatures and our hearts would yearn for our native wood. All we ask if that you set aside some of your best wine for us. Have your people deliver to our woodland glen. Preferably before you entertain the host of Olympus.
Tantalus: I will see that it is done. Thank you. Many times thank you! I shall not forget this!
Tantalus departs. After a few moments silence all the satyrs begin to laugh uproariously and begin another dance.
Satyr 1: Let the doom of his line begin!
All: Doom! Doom upon the sons of Tantalus! The House of Atreus is cursed!
They continue their frenzied dance until ZEUS suddenly appears.
Zeus: CEASE!
All the satyrs stop and cower before him.
Zeus: I should have suspected so debauched a plan would have its source here. Did you really think the gods would be such fools?
Satyr 3: Nay, lord, not the gods. Merely humans would be so stupid as to have faith in that plan.
The satyrs laugh again until a thunderclap from Zeus silences them.
Zeus: SILENCE, before I make you into dog chow for Cerberus! Your plan failed-
Satyr 1: Not our plan, sire, the plan of Tantalus. We were mere advisors.
Zeus sighs heavily and kneads his temples.
Zeus: Fine, look, Tantalus' plan has failed and he has been punished accordingly. Unfortunately Demeter was still mourning her daughter and ate a bit of the poor lad's shoulder. Nothing Hephaestus wasn't able to fix with a bit of bronze mongery once we brought him back to life, but it's left the poor woman frayed to the wire. I will decline to reveal your part in this awful business and spare you her wrath if you promise not to meddle again in the affairs of Tantalus' noble house. Its makes us all look bad when things like this happen. Do you agree?
All: Readily!
Zeus: Good then I will be off. I have other affairs to take care of.
Satyr 1: Be sure your wife doesn't discover as much.
Zeus glowers at him then leaves.
Satyr 3 stands up and in mock seriousness:
Satyr 3: I am Zeus and I demand you meddle not in the affairs of Atreus' house. Now I must be off! I spied a nymph with her innocence still intact!
He bends over and farts loudly. Everyone laughs.
Satyr 2: I will confess this was a good jest, brother. Methinks we have sown the seeds of future entertainments.
Satyr 1: Truly, let us watch as the mighty oak withers and its branches fail.
They all laugh uproariously and start their ecstatic dancing again.

Part Two
Scene: A woodland glen in the Achaean countryside. A host of Satyr's dance ecstatically.
Satyr 1 stops dancing and stands stricken, seeming to smell something in the air.
The rest stop dancing and look at him.
Satyr 2: What is it brother? The night is yet young and the wine is yet to be consumed. What evil do you sense in the night air? It's not that Hecate is it? The last thing we need is her gloomy self being broody and asking if we have Indian pale wine or have heard of some unknown new poet.
Satyr 1: Nay, not some great evil nor some great bore. Rather, as the flower senses the right time to blossom, so do I sense opportunity for mischief and fun!
All the satyrs cheer.
Satyr 1: Yes, the seeds we planted so long ago finally bear fruit. We must be careful lest we pick them too soon and deprive ourselves of their full delight.
All: Hear hear!
Satyr: Hush! Hide yourselves and wait for my move. The first part comes to play.
All the satyrs hide themselves behind bushes or trees. One satyr merely covers his eyes and lays down on the ground.
A man and woman enter the glen, oblivious to the satyrs. They sit down on the satyr who burps loudly.
Woman: Excuse you!
Pelops: Eh?
Woman: You burped! How rude! That's not what I meant when I said I needed a more manly specimen.
Pelops: But I didn't burp!
Woman: Now you are accusing me of it?
Pelops: No, no! Waitplease let's just move on.
Woman: Fine, but one more crude noise from you and I shall depart. Now why did you bring me out to this dirty little grove.
The prone satyr growls.
Woman: Did you hear that? Some wild beast is out there. Oh I should have never let you convince me to come out here.
She makes to leave, but Pelops sits her back down.
Pelops: Wait! I brought you here for a purpose!
Woman: Which is?
Pelops: To ask for your hand in marriage. To be my Queen when my regency is over and I assume the throne from your father, the Steward.
Woman: Surely you jest?
Pelops: I do not! And why would I?
Woman: I am the daughter of the most prominent Lord of the Land! You are merely a boy.
Pelops: I will be King! Your father is my subject!
Woman: (ignoring him) Besides, as I have said I need a manly, vigorous man to satisfy me. Skilled in martial arms and warfare. A man who can singlehandedly storm a stronghold and bring me the treasures within. But he must also be a scholarly, intelligent man with the gentleness of a newly gelded horse and a voice to make Apollo weep.
Pelops: I can do that last part well! You've heard me sing; it's how I awoke you from your slumber this night to bring you to this peaceful temple of Pan.
Woman: Yes, well the first part is what really counts. I'm sorry, but my answer is No.
Pelops: Please! Be my wife, let me be your protector!
Woman: My father is my protector until such time as he finds a suitable warrior to wed me to.
She gets up abruptly and rapidly leaves.
The prone satyr bucks Pelops off.
Satyr 4: Ain't she a mouthy one, eh?
He begins drinking from a wineskin as all the satyrs emerge from hiding to squabble over the wineskins.
Satyr 5: Yes, and rude too. Buck up, kid, you're better off without her.
Pelops: Who, who are you?
Satyr 1: Oh just some friendly neighborhood satyrs. Harmless woodland spirits who could not help but notice your plight.
Satyr 3: And it was just awful what that wench did to you.
Satyr 1: Truly, but since you discovered our woodland home we must grant you one wish.
Satyr 2: Wait really? I thought that was only leprechauns-
Satyrs 3,4,5 dogpile onto him. Pelops doesn't seem to notice.
Pelops: Really?
Satyr 1: Yes, now what is your wish?
Pelops: To write the greatest epic known to mankind. One that will be remembered for all history!
Long silence.
Satyr 1: Really? That's the one wish you want?
Pelops: What's wrong with that?
Satyr 1: A lot of things. Were you not there when the love of your life flatly denied your marriage proposal despite your noble future?
Pelops: Oh, right.
Satyr 1: So wouldn't it make more sense to wish for something that might aid you in winning her hand in marriage.
Pelops: I suppose
Satyr 1: Sowish for it!
Pelops: Iwishfor help in winning her hand in marriage.
All: Hoorah!
The satyrs begin dancing again, forcing Pelops to join in there. After a few moments they all fall down laughing except Pelops, who just looks perplexed.
Satyr 1: All right, let's get down to business. We win need to win the hand of her despite your complete lack of martial bearing.
Pelops: I wouldn't say complete lack
Satyr 1: Where do you think she gets her fondness for such military bearing?
Satyr 2: Probably from her father. I seem to recall the man as a great warrior. All blood splatters and the wailing of women-type. Probably brought her home dolls covered in the blood of their previous owners.
Satyr 1: Hmm yes and is he not a charioteer of some repute?
Pelops: Well, yes, he races the finest fleet of horses the world has ever known. They are nigh unbeatable by any man.
Satyr 1: Then that's how we shall begin our plan. You must challenge him to a chariot race. And if you win, the hand of his daughter is yours.
Pelops: And if I lose?
Satyr 1: We will ensure your victory, have no fear, but we must entice her father to take this wager. What say you offer your crown if he wins.
Pelops: That is a high price! I am no mean charioteer, but he could outrace Helios himself.
Satyr 1: I swear by the gods of this glen, you shall win this race even if we must resort to less noble means.
Pelops: What do you mean less noble means?
Satyr 1: You, yourself admit that he is likely to best you in a race.
All: Hear! Hear!
Satyr 1: Though we promised you victory we are but simple spirits of the glen with no power of the affairs of mortals. We possess trickery in abundance and will use this to aid you. One of us will come disguised to sabotage the wheel of the Steward's chariot-
Pelops: Sabotage! No!
Satyr 1: Hush! Yes, sabotage, but only the lightest sort. His wheel will come rocking off and he will be forced to have it changed out, giving you plenty of time to overtake and defeat him.
Pelops: Oh, just the wheel?
Satyr 1: Yes, just the wheel. You do wish for her hand in marriage don't you?
Pelops: Yes, with all my heart! Ok, I will go along with this plan though it befouls the very air we breathe. I shall go issue my challenge. Send this disguised servant forthwith and we shall conspire in this ignoble venture.
Satyr 1: Excellent! Now go challenge this great man and win the hand of his daughter through your efforts!
Pelops: I will. Thank you noble satyrs! I will not forget this.
Pelops exits and the satyr fall into gales of laughter.
Satyr 2: Now tell me, brother, how shall we can get that sunken chested fool to defeat the Steward of the Throne in a chariot race? One loose wheel will not stop such a man. Perhaps if it twas a poetry contest or singing about the boy would be victorious, but otherwise he is utterly lacking in the martial graces and will need more than luck and a broken wheel to win.
Satyr 1: That shall be the easy part. I will need a volunteer for more mischief.
Satyr 4: Choose me brother! I wish for further entertainments with this boy.
Satyr 1: Good now here is what you must do. Disguise yourself as one of the palace slaves as was discussed. Seek out the chariot of the Steward and sabotage its left wheel axle, the inside wheel. On those treacherous turns the wheel shall fall forth and end his race. Be sure to tell that foolish prince you but loosened the wheel from its axle.
Satyr 2: Surely that would be dangerous to the Steward himself?
Satyr 1: And what of it? We promised the poor boy victory and we shall deliver it to him. Now go! Ply your mischievous trade!
Satyr 4 exits.
Satyr 2: I feel some great evil approaching, brother. This might turn as ill for us as it would the Steward and his family.
Satyr 1: The rise and fall of mortal men are no concern for us. They wither as the flowers and are born again for our pleasure. Let us await the results of this jest. Drink! Dance!
They begin their dance again.
Time has passed.
Satyr 4 enters, crawling on hands and feet, bleeding profusely.
Satyr 4: Brother! I am slain! Curses upon Pelops! Curses upon the House of the Atreides!
Satyr 5: Brother, what hath happened! Why do you stand before the banks of the Styx?
Satyr 4: Treachery! The Steward's chariot failed him and his spirit fled while his body bled out on the track. That bastard Pelops sought me out in a frenzy claiming the Steward's death was not part of the bargain. He struck me with his sword and ran to comfort the daughter of the slain man.
Satyr 5: Drink! Drink the sacred wine of our patron and be well again!
Satyr 4: Nay, I am too far along the banks into that gloomy kingdom. Farewell, brothers! Know that with my dying breath I curse his house! Doom! Doom to the sons of Tantalus and Pelops!
All: Doom to the House of Atreus!
Satyr 4: Brothers we must have satisfaction!
Satyr 1: And we will. My work is not yet finished.
Pelops enters the grove furious.
Pelops: You wretched sprites! I will slay you all!
He charges at them with sword drawn, but can't catch any of them. He is swiftly disarmed and tied up.
Satyr 1: Hark, noble Pelops! Why do you come bearing arms to this sacred temple?
Pelops: You surely know why! The body of your treacherous kinsman lies there. Surely he told you everything!
Satyr 1: Nay, he wished only for one last drink of wine to see him across the Styx then died in peaceful slumber.
Pelops: Fine, but it was through your treachery that now the Steward lies dead and his whole house in mourning.
Satyr 1: As I said, young King, and you are King now that the Steward is dead, we hold no ability to alter the fate of Man. Such an accident that befell that noble man was ordained long ago by forces more powerful that we. 'Twas a happy accident, no more, no less.
Pelops: Happy? A man is dead!
Satyr 1: And a great loss to his family, but don't you see? It is your opportunity! Press once more for his daughter's hand in marriage. Her house is weak now with the loss of their protector. Offer to be that protection. Approach the man's widow and press your suit. She will have to agree.
Pelops: Butbut I wanted her to love me
Satyr 1: And perhaps she will in time.
Pelops: You promised to help me win her love!
Satyr 1: Nay, we only said her hand in marriage. Often times love and marriage share separate bedrooms.
Pelops begins to protest then is quiet. Slowly, his facial expression changes to something harder and less innocent.
Pelops: I will do as you say, though it pains me that my love for her will go unrequited.
Satyr 1: For now. Perhaps it needs another season to blossom.
Pelops. Perhaps. Now farewell spirits of the wood. I cannot bring myself to be thankful for your intervention, but I am grateful.
Satyr 1: So says the sword to his blacksmith.
Pelops exits.
Satyr 1: There brothers, our jest is complete and our kin avenged. We ensured not only a loveless life for those two, but also for further doom upon his children.
Satyr 5: May they all suffer long and loudly!
All: Hear! Hear!
Satyr 1: We must wait long before our next jest arrives, but today we ensured it will be grandly done. The House of Atreus is twice cursed.
Zeus appears in a thunderclap.
Zeus: You wretched scum! Why did I not guess from the moment I saw one of you toying with his opponent's chariot? You're in for it now. I'm going to shove so many lightning bolts up your-
Satyr 1: Wait, noble Sky-Father! Look! Look upon our slain brother. Taken so cruelly to the Underworld to languish when he should be dancing under your daughter's moonlight with us.
Zeus nudges the slain satyr with his toe.
Zeus: Shit, Dionysus is going to be pissed about that.
Satyr 1: Truly, but I think all assembled here can keep a secret.
Zeus: Say again?
Satyr 1: We have had our revenge on the Slayer of Satyrs. It is a humble revenge, but one that suits us.
Zeus: Fine, if you have gained satisfaction through your treacherous deeds then so be it. I suppose the little bugger called more doom upon that family.
Satyr 1: He did indeed.
Zeus: Just what that poor lot needs, but so be it. The Fates decreed hard times for them and I suppose I can't be mad at the instruments of Fate. I will go now. You have my condolences for your loss.
All: Thank you!
Zeus disappears in a thunderclap.
Satyr 1: Now come, brothers, the night is still young and further jests must wait for another night.
They begin to dance again.

