Mission: Starlit

ipam






Smashwords Edition Copyright 2015 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Home of Lillard. Montpelier. Vermont. 90F. 80% humidity. cloudy.
Montpelier is the USAs smallest capital city with a population of 7,868 surrounded by a series of green rolling hills and tall granite ledges from the foothills of the Green Mountains making the city ten square miles. The queen-sized elder woman tromps through the living room archway. Lillard, your letter came today, waves a white envelope in her right hand into the air, stopping her body then parking her wide ass on the other end of the light brown furniture sectional, opening the letter with her two finger pads, humming a familiar song with happiness like she always does when slightly entertained.
What came, Mother? Lillard sits comfortably inside the matching brown chaise lounge with her naked feet napping on the end of the built-in furniture sectional, sipping on a strawberry-banana smoothie made by her loving Mother while watching some afternoon TV before starting the chore of attacking her school homework as her Mother reads in silent the letter and.
She explains. Your acceptance letter to your new school this autumn, Im so excited. This school was recommended by Senator Bennington since youre a higher achiever than most of your classmates in all your academic classes along being one of twenty valedictorians when you become a senior next year.
What new school, Mother? A queen-sized horizontal positioned Lillard chomps with her tongue and teeth on the double-thick sliced turkey, tomato, lettuce, and cheese sandwich between her soft finger pads as crumbs spill upon the lap table covering her kneecaps to satisfy her craving of a late afternoon snack before the serving of dinner around six oclock, watching the comedy program on TV.
You have been accepted. Hmm, there is a list of new clothes, new articles of items for your private bedroom suite. We should purchase you a new set of luggage for your extended trip to Alabama. We need to go shopping Lillard. Her mother hands the expensive beige silky letter while reading a second attached list of personal items required by the Antebellum House.
Lillard drops the sandwich onto the platter, taking the letter with a set of greasy finger pads, reviewing the language. No, Mother, pitches the letter to the floor then lifts her sandwich, ordering. Im going to attend the Vermont Art School and write love novels for young adults. I dreamed about writing since I was eight years old. I dont want to start a new high school. I am a senior this year. I love Montpelier High. Ive never heard of The Antebellum House in the State of Alabama. Thats a southern state. Im a northern girl. She eats her sandwich, watching the reminding half of the TV program.
Her mother says. The small town of Leed has long humid autumns with little or no snow between the months of December to February unlike here we receive ninety inches of snow during wintertime, sometimes all at once, giggles. Your father expects you to enter Vermont State after high school graduation, Lillard.
No, Mother. Im old enough to make my own plans. I plan to attend Vermont Art School. The schools guidance counselor is preparing my college application next month. She eats her turkey sandwich, watching TV.
Lillard, this school is very special. The graduating class attends the best universities in the US. Senator Bennington has told me personally that these students are the first hand picked students for any post-secondary institution that they desire.
That means this school probably has 99.99 percent rich kids. Am I correct, Mother? She eats another bite of turkey.
Rich is only a term, Lillard. Your father does very well in his business but youre correct, Lillard. However the school only accepts certain students whose background is very unique.
Mother, I am not that unique. I consider my person to be really more main stream. 
Antebellum House only accepts teens whose blood relatives served in the War Between the States.
Lillard drops her sandwich and her mouth. The Civil War is done and over since the year 1865 in the 19th century, Mother. Need I remind that this is the 21st century?
Lillard, I did graduate college. I have a good suggestion. Why dont you plan and stay until the holiday session then you can come home and then re-start your old high school after the holiday break?
Ill do this because I love you, Mother since you went great expense and trouble to endure four months from the late of August to the Thanksgiving holiday. Then I can home and start my high school finishing as valedictorian. She eats.
A good plan since you will have spent some time at a very prestigious school thatll get you accepted into which ever college you want
Vermont Art School.
Making your father a very happy man along with some valuable scholarship money for your four months of sacrifice and maybe make a new friend or two, her mother smiles at her only daughter.
Lillard watches the television monitor, chewing. I dont think so.

Monday. August 12th
Antebellum House. Leed. Alabama. 88F. 95% humidity. no rain. sunny day.
The limo stops.
Fucner exits from the passenger seat of the limo then walks around the rear bumper of the car being the bodyguard to the teen-ass. He opens the rear door, staring at all the pretty teenage girls passing behind his ass. He says. Come out of the limo, sir, smiles, watching the pretty girls. Please come out, sir. Time for your academic classes, sir, stands in the hot sun in a wool business jacket, trousers, dress shirt, and necktie. He watches the teen males pass his ass then bends staring into the darkness, sneering. Get your ass out, when a pretty girl passes with a distorted face. Fucner uprights nodding and smiling like a paid house servant then frowns. He bends into the darkness again. Sterling!? Time to get out of the limo before I come in there, sir, slurs the letter s. Islander leans against the limo drivers door laughing at both the young smart-ass teen and the elderly smart-ass man. Fucner reaches inside grabbing Sterling/Codys newly purchased wool jacket, whispering. Get your ass out of that car now! Cody tosses the baseball cap then scoots across the bench seating then exits the limo. He stands, not smiling and not happy about acting out the life of a teenager. Fucner frowns, sneering and staring at the young smartass. What in the hell are you wearing, Cody?
Islander chuckles. What are you not wearing? Wheres your long shoulder length blonde hair gone to hell or heaven, Master Sterling? Cody doesnt answer, swinging towards the front porch steps.
Fucner frowns, staring at the baldness in the rear of Codys head, shaking his skull. He looks at a smiling Islander. Jeezus, Professor Skippys going to shit his pink panties.
Male: tall, obese, brown hair, elderly, 50s, jeans, cowboy boots. He stands in the middle of the front porch when Sterling/Cody glides around the male. He shouts. Greetings to Miss Sondra, her great-great Granddaddy Dameron served in the 12th Alabama Artillery Regiment.

watch tower. Third level tier.
Belle, the teen squats his ass on the footstool avoiding the piles of bird shit leaning against the railing, wearing a black cowboy hat blocking the late afternoon sun from his tender eyelids. His torso and naked biceps lean over the railing of white wood of the exposed balcony without a roof top. The tower level access is used by the schools employed and paid maids and butlers. He watches the female struggling out of the limousine in her ball gown then hiding her face under a silk parasol walking up the steps. He sees the teen male. Beau.
The second teen male studies the flower gardens. They all be a belle or a beau. Why we be up here? Its fucking hot on the rooftop, Ween, leans his elbows on the wood, observing a set of new students to Antebellum House. And I smell the roasting bird shit under my boots.
The platform is called a watch tower used by spotters and sharp shooters during the war battle times in Bama. Then after peacetime the roof top which is really a concreted platform was used for us students to dance under the moon and stars in the summertime weather before that stupid belle get drunk off some home-made muscadine berry wine and fell off the platform to her death, the teen studies each new kid noting height, weight, and body language. Belle. The student climbs then stands on top of the porch steps with their parents waiting for their verbal entrance announcement into the breezeway out of the hot sun with the annoying tradition. Ezzard, he watches the tall male.
Buzzard, the second teen chuckles at the average teen.
No, that kid helping his mama coming from the limo is named Ezzard. Ezzard Cutshaw.
Armistead promises. Well, Buzzard be short and stupid compared to me. I can whip his ass, Ween.
Ween grins. Yeah, I can whip your ass cuz you be short and stupid compared to me, Armistead.
Armistead chuckles since his buddy Ween is big and tall while staring narrowed eyelids at the new carriage dropping off a female. Yeah, ya can whip my ass but I aint stupid. Ya grew taller during the summertime. How tall are ya, buddy?
250 pounds of 79 inches in my bare feet and still growing.
Shit, ya be cut in half to fill in a six-foot coffin at your funeral wake, son.
Ween says. The Battle of Murfreesboro with the First Tennessee Infantry.
Armistead views Ween, nodding and smiling. My great-great-great Granddaddy McAdoo was a sharp shooter for the First Tennessee Infantry unit which was organized on September 7, 1861. He fought at the Battle of Murfreesboro then surrendered at Fort Donelson on December 1, 1864, captured and paroled at Greensboro, North Carolina on May 1, 1865.
Ween nods. And your great-great-great Granddaddy McAdoo answered to his great-great-great Granddaddy Cutshaw.
How ya know that, Lomax?
Cause my great-great Granddaddy Zillicoffer answered to his great-great-great Granddaddy named General Cutshaw of Tennessee too.
I dont take orders from any more Cutshaws or no carpetbaggers. Armistead sneers.
Carpetbagger. The Cutshaw family aint from the north. They be Southern-style home-grown from our native State of Tennessee. I just told ya that, Armistead. Why ya use that old fox term?
Ya use it to describe folks ya dont want here at our Antebellum House like that girl there in the red dress. Her family name is Benson from Vermont. Lillard be her name and Yankee girl be her status from the north country, a new carpetbagger that invades the new south again.
Well I think we can fix that problem, old buddy. Ween smirks staring at Lillard.
Aim too. Armistead chuckles with an evil tone.
Ween frowns with puzzlement staring at the teen male. Who that be coming out of the limo with the bald noggin, Armistead?
Sterling Pierce

3:26 pm. front porch.
The young teen female frowns covering a gloved hand over her hat, saying with a sour tone to the hostess. Why are we waiting right here in the hot sun? Im getting sweaty out here in the heated weather of August. Its hot in August
Cody stomps up the side steps then runs around the bodies of the female teens in their wide fluffy dresses, walking straight towards a set of rocking chairs.

3: 28 pm. parlor room.
Sterling/Cody enters the room, hearing.
The short male at the archway says. This is the parlor room for the beaus for gathering after suppertime to chat, gossip, and relax before bedtime. It also serves as reception room in case of company which is rare since your parents have placed ya here. The parents are not allowed to visit during school days but you can return home during the holiday break. Head Mistress Symole will explain later in her evening presentation.
Sterling gets a quick glimpse of the parlor room painted in baby blue on one-third of the wall, the lower wall while the other two-thirds are stark white in color the swings into the male.
The tall teen male smiles then grabs the bicep of Sterling. Hey there, boy! Whats your hurry?
Sterling grunts then smirks. Running from the hired help wanting to lick my ass hole clean and shiny
Ezzard, he laughs and nods. Understand. Come on in and sit a spell before the orientation, he pours the liquid into a tumbler glass. Ezzard hands to Sterling along with a cigar. He shuffles over to the row of lounge chairs, sitting and chucking. Sterling sits next to him. Ezzard nods, smiles, fingering the room. The room is squared-shaped and painted in half colors of baby blue on top and white on bottom, white carpet, scattered furniture pieces of long sofas and oversized lounge chair between side tables. He says. Dont light the cigar but you can sniff it or chew it in here. This be the beau parlor, the ancient man-cave for gentlemen of the south
Sterling, thanks for the rescue. This be my first year. Whats good here? You seemed older
Ezzard nods. This be my second year. Im eighteen and will graduate next spring then start college
Sterling unwraps then sniffs the cigar, smiling. Second year!? Then ya know all the new kids starting the new semester with us?
I guess.
Im new. Youre not. Are any of the kids local?
Ezzard drinks then chuckles. He turns and smiles at Sterling. Ya full of questions, son.
Sterling chuckles and nods. Youre older. I dont wanna end up in the wood shed with a beating by a belt. My daddy always threatened me with harm but never carried through, chuckles with Ezzard.
All daddies do that keeping their redneck boys in line
Whats the point of coming to an isolated school in the middle of some valley? It looks boring and dull here. Does Antebellum House have a football team, at least
Ezzard sniffs the cigar then drinks the beverage. Isolated, we are. Boring and dull, not really, theres a purpose of Antebellum House not an annual football national champion title either. The folks here, well....Ill show ya around, boy. Get up! Sterling nods and stands, placing the tumbler on the table. He stores the cigar inside his jacket. Ezzard leads out the parlor room, fingering the long hollow corridor, leads from the front porch to the back lawn. He says. The breezeway is called a dogtrot, an ancient design used years ago for ventilation before the invention of air conditioning. They veer deeper into the nice slightly windy breezeway. The open hallway is composed of tall windows on each side from the roof rafters down to the wooden baseboards with more rocking chairs. Ezzard fingers the room on his left. The belles parlor room for girls you wont catch me in there, he moves then stops at the next archway. The library with books, chuckles. He shoves Sterling to the opposite side of the dogtrot breezeway then fingers. The kitchen with food, he shuffles Sterling back towards the other side. A pink room for girls. He shoves Sterling down the hallways. Another pink room for girls too
The chairs are pink. I aint sitting on a pink chair.
Ezzard fingers the pink room. The drawing room, I dont mean with crayons or markers
Its pink.
Yeah, its pink. The chairs are pink.
I aint sitting on a pink chair.
Ezzard laughs. Yeah, you are along with me. This is the dining room where we eat with beau table manners or ya dont eat or ya get a demerit and you still dont eat. Dont dare Head Mistress Symole. You lose. She wins.
I like to eat, nods Sterling.
Ezzard fingers the grass. This be the south lawn with winding pretty yellow-bricked sidewalk fringed with an array of colored flowers around the building to the west lawn or east lawn built along the rows of rolling green hills over yonder in the south, southwest, and southeast are the outbuildings.
Sterling frowns with confusion. Outhouses, I gotta take a shit outside. I thought wed have running water for flushing my shit down the toilet. How am I supposed to drop a turd in the middle of the night?
Outbuildings, not outhouses, Sterling. The outbuildings are kinda like a bunch of service buildings tucked into the hillside where the rest of the folks work to maintain the Dogtrot Plantation and the pretty lawn and flower grounds which include the hay barns, the horse stables, a blacksmith shop with equine rigging, harnesses, and equipment, the carriage houses, the plant and flower greenhouses, a brick house for both clay brick of the outbuildings and replace granite for the main house, a cabinet maker for wood furnishings, a dry cellar for flour, a medical center for sick folks, a smoke house for meats, a dairy barn, a corn crib, a wheat barn, a poultry coop for hens, an ice house, a dog kennel, a real firehouse since we live out in the real country, a real dead cemetery, and a mountain called Loveless Mountain.
Ezzard moves forward then walks through the archway. This is the ball room for the orientation lecture from Mistress Symole. We need to find a seat, stomps to the semi-empty sofa with a girl.
The girl: short, black pixie, pale skin, violet-colored eyes, skinny. She smiles and waves at Ezzard. Ezzard stomps and smiles at her. He sits with the new girl as she smiles. Hi, yall. Im Effie, touches his bicep, giggling. Whats your name, big boy? she winks at him.
He chuckles, Ezzard

4:04 pm. ball room.
Sterling passes the people standing and talking at the archways, hearing the elderly woman. He follows behind Ezzard then sits with him hugging the armrest.
Welcome to Antebellum House. I am Mistress Symole
female: tall, pale-skin, black hair, brown eyes, slender, green plantation gown. Im Sondra. These are my folks, Mrs. and Mr. Damerons from Birmingham here in Alabama, nods and smiles.
Symole shoves her parents out the ball room. Nice to meet yall. Time to run. Please take a seat, Miss Sondra. We are beginning, walks to the podium. She spreads her arms, smiling then fingers the male. Welcome to your orientation session. May I present my husband Head Master Caleb. I am Head Mistress Symole.
Sterling scans the room watching the young females waddle around dressed in a severe black ankle-length dress with a front white apron of three long pockets trailing down to her kneecaps for holding items and a matching black cap of elastic band covering the entire skull of her head like a shower cap for bathing. He studies the ball room: plain white, long and large for dances or meetings. No art work. No column pillars. No expensive crystal chandeliers. There are horizontal rows of fluorescent recessed office light fixtures illuminating the mismatched long sofas.
Symole smiles and nods. Antebellum House has survived through the ages like her Mistress with charm, courage, and commitment from many, many folks throughout her long, long history including a couple of wars but we shall not pursue the past but prepare for the future. The main house is known as Dogtrot Plantation. First, were a school for growing minds and glowing memories with our lovely hostesses and hosts graduating the school in May. You will not find any lavish decorated rooms, no glittering crystal chandeliers suspended from soaring ceilings, no ornamented fancy carved doors, and no exquisitely detailed frieze molding flowers growing side to side in the room because this is Antebellum House. First, we are a school of learning and second. We are a farm of 3,000 acres of crops that stretch as far as the eye could see in all geographical directions surrounded by with beautiful productive white cotton plants, a grove of orange which are sour by mouth but yummy in salads, an peach and apple orchard, a grape vineyard, and an extensive garden of flowers, fruits, and vegetables in front of the Dogtrot Plantation since we farm every part of the soil to benefit the school and the students...
Sterling studies the windows of eight foot tall by four feet wide wearing an array of gracefully falling different type of colors and textures drape curtain fabrics that puddles like a pool of colored water onto the wooden flooring.
Symole says. Dogtrot is a self-contained plantation with its own well water and food. The farm lands produce wheat, corn, oats, rye, and cotton for harvesting and selling along with raising cattle, sheep, horses, chickens, and hogs while the prime green forests produce timber for the sawmill. The building has remained unaltered with the original windows used for air ventilation, heart pine flooring for endurance, working fireplaces for heat and most of the plaster surviving over 400 years of teens
Sterling studies the first window that overflows with a set of green thick velvet curtains beside the next tall window of white sheer drapery then a geometric electric blue circles on linen; a heavy red silk; striped black and white sheer, a yellow and green cotton wool plaid, a pink solid silky rayon floral flowers of cotton; a baby blue background with tan birds and brown tree branches in burlap; a hot pink flowers on a white background with purple fans; a crimson red paisley print on silk; a set of Navy blue and white stripes on cotton; a set of lavender burlap curtains, and the last window treatment mint green lace sheer curtains while pondering what the heck decorated this school.
Symole says. The dogtrot grounds are both elegant with beautiful arrays of flowers from azaleas to roses and eaten with tons of hardy fresh-grown fruits, vegetables, and tree nuts in the red clay soil. We do not engage in lavish entertainment but do hold a couple of exciting horse races, a few friendly card competitions, some graceful ball room dances, a few fun hay rides, and a nice game of croquet. The croquet lawn flanks
Croquet, thats a sissy game, the teen male shouts then chuckles.
Symole faces the teen boy. One demerit, Master Ween Zillicoffer if I were assigning demerits today, young beau but since were still in orientation session you are exempted and truly very lucky, pauses. The croquet lawn flanks the plantation home on the east side near the water fountain courtyard where all our young belles and beaus can congregate on the cool autumn evenings for fun. Your private chamber bedroom has a full bath for each student that is located in the garconniere which means wing. There is a belle garconniere on the east side of the plantation house and a beau garconniere on the west by way of a single narrow stair hall with a 45-feet ceiling framing the enclosed staircase for a very specific purpose, chuckles from the students. My last topic, demerits, I promise a swift painful deadly lecture on demerits. When a belle or beau has crossed that invisible line of teen misbehavior within your instructors eyeballs and eardrums the particular misbehaving student receives a demerit. When you are receive ten demerits you are sent to Detention Isle. Detention Isle is a cute name for the wild woodlands of the Leed forest with real live wolves, snakes, bears, coyotes, deer, spiders, fish, a river, and a mountain called Loveless. You will spend the night there from suppertime starting at five pm until five am in the morning, scouting for food, scooting for water, and sleeping with nature. With any type of punishment there must come an award too. My introduction lecture is complete. We should eat. Please stand when your name is called

5:03 pm. dining room.
Symole smiles and stands behind her chair in the middle of table, nodding. Our first lesson for the late afternoon starts with the last meal of the day together in the dining room with supper. A formal dinner is one of very strict social protocol like an affair of state given by our President of the USA, which is an elegant entertainment experience usually reserved for marriage weddings, birthday anniversaries, dinner banquets, and dancing balls. Here at Dogtrot Plantation we delight and indulge our senses and our high heeled shoes in this rare and exotic arrangement of prepared, cooked and served course meals like the old aristocratic families of the Old South. A formal table setting dazzles along with our formal attire our eyes, our ears, and our tongues with your placemat setting of sparkling crystal, gleaming silver, glistening porcelain, exquisite flora, and a few candles making your meal both magnificent and memorable. Our formal dinners, every meal will be a formal affair starting with breakfast then lunch and ending with supper. We glide from the ball room into the dining room in a certain order. The host of meal is Head Master Caleb who will escort the lady of honor into our elegant dining room first then the remaining belles will enter who will be escorted by your beau to your assigned dining room chair. We have provided place cards with your names spelled correctly I can assure you. They are used to eliminate confusion of your assigned dining chair which will not be moved or modified for any reason during school session. The place card designates your place at the formal affair of suppertime which is based on alphabetic order of your class. The seating etiquette requires that the beau to help the belle seated on his right then he sits. For an easier flow into the chair, all the belles will approach their chairs from the right side. And, when all the belles and belles plantation dresses are seated then all the beaus follow suite
The dining room is square-shaped in fiery red color from ceiling down to the baseboards The U-shaped table hold chairs every two-feet of some quick elbow punching room. I find my place card with my name Sondra standing next to the beau named Senn, without his last name being pronounced along with the other teens. He escorted me into the dining-room. I lean to my read reading the other males name Sterling.
The chair rails vary from a design of several Queen Anne straight back chairs to Chippendale straighten-legged Chinese style to French style harp to straight legs leading down to the pad feet of dragon claws or round balls or animal paws in various woods of walnut, poplar, cherry, maple, mahogany with seat pads occupying a color crayon box for a first grader. I wonder about this school and all the other ancient stuff like elderly wrinkled Symole and her husband Clyde.
Symole says and stands behind her chair in the center of the west wall of the room making me stand and wait as she lectures without breathing. The dining room of a plantation house is a place of grand ceremony. We duplicate that feeling within our dining room plantation walls painted of merry with a bright cheery red tint with no window exposure or sun lightning as we re-enact the meal of our ancestors from yesterdays. We will eat by candlelight keeping the room cool and our appetites wet.
Senn leans over my breasts for Sterling to both see and hear. Ugh, man, I hope Sterling aint a pyromaniac then we be roasting our appetites of burnt pig, chuckles with Sterling.
I stand at attention like a southern belle hoping the two juvenile delinquents dont get me into trouble or get me any demerits, since I dont want to spend my first night in the Leed forest.
Sterling leans over my breast to Senn, grinning. Ah, ya told my secret, dude! Now I have to poof it, chuckles with Senn.
Symole says. Proper supper etiquette is learned not exhibited like a fire camp of cave man barbarians. They are not about following ridge set of rules since this is about making mealtime more pleasant for everyone. So we have staged our civilized meal with our proper belles and beaus, not wild cats in the jungles of Africa. Let us begin shall we. The belle on your right will be seated by the beau on your left first, so please sit.
Senn whispers into my ear, pulling my chair from the table. Youre on my right, sweetheart, so I pull your chair out then you sit your cute little ass in it.
I park inside the thickly padded Queen Annes dining room chair when Senn assists me in scooting it closer to the wood. I lean into his lips, giggling. Howda ya know that my ass is cute?
Sterling chuckles then leans into my lips, grinning. Cuz ya get a cute button nose, ya know what they say about the nose
Senn laughs. Gawd, Sterlings nostrils are huge, pauses then frowns, when Sterling and I laugh. Senn looks and pats his penis balls between the denim jeans with his hand, saying. Sorry, guys I just insulted ya, Sterling and I continue to laugh.
Symole sits and says. Your eating set of forks is located on the left with your curved cloth napkin, the dinner plate in the middle, and the knives with the blades face the plate plus your set of spoons at the right. The water crystal goblet goes to the top right of the plate while your tea tumbler goes to the right of your water crystal goblet. Your butter plate is located on the top left of your plate along with its individual butter knife. Yes, the baby knife used for something besides cleaning under your fingernails, Lomax, giggles. We are practicing our formal dining techniques. Two utensils, not ten fingers are used for the appetizer course, the salad course, the main entre, the fruit course, and the dessert course.
Senn chuckles, studying the numerous utensils. Lordy, we be staring at a war!
Sterling chuckles and nods, studying the placement setting. I be in.
Senn leans into my lips. Lookie, darling at all the nicely polished weapons. Therere six forks, six spoons but only four knives. I need more sharp blades. Hey, can I swap a couple of spoons for your knives Sondra since I be the man? And girls cant throw for a toot hoot at a pair of guys balls.
I stare at the shiny silver ammunition. Therere eating ware, not warring weapons, sir, frown at him. Whats your name again?
Senn sweet breathes into my face, grinning. Head Mistress Symole called it out before your name, darling. I be Senn.
Sin!? I pronounce as it sounds in my eardrums.
Senn grins and growls into my ear. Right, baby I sin. You sin. We can do the sin together in my chamber suite after dark. Thats when I work best at nighttime in my bed.
I study Sterling but finger Senn, frowning with puzzlement. Is he for real?
Sterling studies the placement setting. Yipe, a real live asshole, I wont sin with him, darling. But ya can sin with me any time of day or night, winks at her.
Two jackholes between me, I exhale watching the butler scoot down the row with interest pouring water into crystal goblets like this is a real live test of my social table manners.
Senn nods and smiles. Damn straight and proud of it!
Symole says. During the first course drinking water is poured from a water pitcher which remains on the table throughout the meal. A water goblet is filled no more than three-quarters full. The quiet butler holds a folded white napkin over his left arm and uses the napkin to catch the falling water drops from my water goblet after filling it three-quarters full then gently places on the top right of my plate. Symole says. The rules of gracious southern eating start by removing the napkin, placing it in your lap. A large napkin is to be folded in half first, not wrapped around your neck like a baby bib for serving chimpanzees. And elbows are to be completely off the table while the meal is being served. The food platters served by the food majordomo will flow from the left or on your left while the beverages come from the right or on your right. Then the servers of food circle the table from your left. Chew with your lips closed. Do not talk with your full of food particles, Lomax. Please swallow first then converse with your neighbor on your right or left and not at the same time
I lean into Sterling, asking.  Whos Lomax? 
Dont know. Sterling watches the butler pour sweet tea into his tumbler.
I lean into Senn. Whos Lomax?
A hunger brother like me. Senn watches the butler pours sweet tea into his tumbler.
Symole says. Teaspoon etiquette breaks all the table manner rules. A soiled utensil should never be placed upon the table after it is used. While drinking your sweet iced tea, the user holds the teaspoon inside the tumbler against the rim with your index finger where it will remain until the tumbler is cleared from the table. Please pause between bites of food to give your taste buds time to enjoy the delicious feast. Do not interrupt someone mid-sentence. Say excuse me if you must leave your meal and the table. Ask for the table item instead of reaching across the table with your wiggling five finger nails across your table mates plate. The butler shoves a platter onto my oval dish containing a green artichoke tipped in dull purple leaves in front of my breasts. Pull the leaf from the artichoke and hold it by the narrow end, scrape your teeth along the surface of the leaf
Like a vampire. Sterling grins at the appetizer with intrigue.
After you eat the leaves, cut up, and eat the heart. Symole says.
Id like to cut and eat your heart, Sondra. Senn leans into my cheekbone.
Pookie pick-up line, Senn. I stare at my artichoke.
Worth a try. Senn sips his sweet tea.
Worth a trick, ya mean. I giggle.
Howya spell pookie, darling? Sterling chuckles, studying the appetizer.
Pu, Senn smiles.
Symole says. Please lift up the fork on your left and for goodness sake do not clutch your fork like a Romans spear. Hold your fork like a pencil with the shank extended between your thumb pad and index and middle fingers. Your ring and pinky fingers rest inside the palm of your hand. For leverage, the index finger is extended along the back of the fork as far as the tines as possible. Hold a knife with the handle cupped in the palm of your left hand along with your middle, ring, and pinky fingers. Place your second finger on the back of the blade. Hold your thumb against the side of the handle.
Sterling wiggles his fingers at the numerous utensils. Why there be so many non-warring weapons hugging the left and right side of my big huge plate that can feed Bigfoot?
Sos ya pick the correct mouth tool, Senn grins and attacks the appetizer.
Sterling reaches for the big fork. A fork is a fork is a fork, of course. I use a fork and knife big or small to cut my chunks of food. Who the fuck cares?
Go for it, dude! Senn smiles eye balling the butler over his left shoulder, standing like a watch dog behind Sterling.
Sterling lifts the dinner fork when the butler silently shuffles from his wall spot then violently slams Sterling hand with a loud thud. The dinner fork falls to the flooring with a ping when Sterling snarls at the grinning butler. The butler says. Wrong fork, sir! Use the appetizer fork, the baby one on the far side of your dinner plate. The butler magically produces a new clean and sanitized dinner fork replacing the fallen one scooting silently back into the dark shadows.
Sterling sneers. Senn!?
Senn works the correct appetizer fork and knife upon the artichoke, chuckling. Yes, Sterling darling.
Hell, tell me right the next damn time, man. Sterling snarls.
You didnt ask, dude. Senn chomps on the green leaves with his mouth open.
I dont think that Senn needs this class, giggles Sondra.
Senn eats and spits food. Naw, I like buddies when Im being tormented and tortured.
 Salad course is served in its own plate first then the butler will come around with a cheese tray, toasted crackers, and butter served at room temperature. You whisper your preference then he will make it so. He places the two crackers on the right side of the salad plate then slices a small pat of butter below the crackers. You can use the butter from your bread but the salad butter has been perfected with acidic quality of the salad dressing complimenting the entire salad meal.
Done! Whats next? Senn lays the utensils inside the plate, nodding and scanning the doorway of the kitchen for the butler with more food trays.
Youre a pig, Senn. Sterling cuts slowly on the artichoke.
Oink, oink, Senn wipes food from his mouth with the fabric cloth. And Ill dance a jig to get more food quickly, quicker and more quick from the kitchen. My elder ninety year old grandmother serves me faster in her kitchen than this place. This rabbit food aint filling for a growing boy. Ya want to tango with me later in my suite Sondra working up a midnight snack of cheese and wine?
No. I chew and smirk.
Senn chuckles. Shes only hunger. Belles get grouchy when hunger. Ill round back later with my sexy proposition, doll.
Symole says. Hot and cold breads are served dry in a low container lined with a linen doily. The butler will remove the roll from the container and lay it upon your bread plate. You have a butter dish in front of the bread plate for slathering your pleasure.
Senn leans into my lips again, smirking. Slathering your pleasure, Sondra. I like that new concept, babe. Ya know we should create some new slathering moves
Shut it, Senn! Sterling finishes the salad as the butler provides a pone of golden cornbread to Senn.
The butler holds the bread basket at Senns throat. Bread, sir.
Senn grins. Please two big ones, Is really hunger.
One cornbread pone, sir. The butler places the skinny one inch by three inched bread piece on Senns dish then moves to me.
I want another piece, the voice echoes across the room.
Symole says. One demerit, Master Ezzard.
Whos that asshole? Sterling scans the room.
Our first victim of misbehavin, chews Senn. When a certain number of demerits are awarded the student gets dumped into the Leed woodlands with the hunger wolves. Ezzard Cutshaw, his great-cubed granddaddy was a Southern Confederate general directly under General Robert E. Lee, hold and drips the hot butter over his plate from the corn pone.
Great? Cubed? Granddaddy? I slaughter instead of slathering my cornbread with tons of real white soft butter with the dull baby butter knife in my left hand then eat the delicious bite-sized piece with my right hand. My tummy agrees with Senns mouth that the food service is too slow as I grow more hunger for the bigger entree meal.
Ya know great-great-great Granddaddy, the great is three times or cubed like in mathematics. Senn drinks the sweet tea.
O! Thats good to know. I guess since the new teens, the new school, and the new table manners have me a little uptight and tense. Im used to shoving food into my mouth with or without a napkin in my lap and the right fork in my left hand. I exhale wondering why my parents decided to jerk me from my cozy high school then place me here in the middle of a forest. I mustve pissed them off for doing something really stupid.
Symole says. The main course is filled with a combination of foods consisting of a meat, starch, vegetable and garnish. The butler presents to you the variety of sauces and condiments served in sauceboats carried on a salver. Please whisper your preference while he slaughters your delight upon the meat. The wine or in our case the red grape juice will be poured. If you do not want to taste the grape juice, please announce to the butler then he will return the wine glass and then the water is replenished. Enjoy your entre meal.
Wine, sir. The butler leans into Senn.
Please fill it to the brim. Senn nods.

twenty-minutes later. dessert.
Symole says. Before the butler slides a dessert plate at you he will present a tiny finger bowl upon our oversized platter. Do yourself a favor and wash the tips of your finger pads only the two index fingers and two middle fingers from handling any greasy fork tines or bread slices, when the butler places a finger bowl on top of the oval platter.
Senn giggles playfully splashing fingers inside the individual tiny ceramic ivory dish of warm clear soapy water. I watch with amusement and giggle for fun then Sterling fingers across my breasts at Senn, saying. Demerit, the child needs a demerit over here.
Senn replaces his fingers then lifts the steak knife, smiling. Shut it, Sterling. I need to concentration when cleaning the cuticles with a sharp object.
The butler leans into Senn. Sir, I require your steak knife for its bathe time in the kitchen. Senn surrenders the dirty steak knife before the pointy blade touches his wet finger nails while we laugh.
Dont pull your hunting knife at the dining table either, Senn! Sterling gently dips his fingers into the warm water, smiling.
Ah, shit. All rednecks think alike. Senn reaches for the plate of nuts.
Amen to your redneck mama and daddy! Sterling smiles, wiping his hands.
Symole says. Once you have cleaned you finger pads use the new handy napkin to wipe down your hands then fold the napkin in half, covering the water of the bowl to prevent any spillage upon your shoes or your dress. The butler will return collecting the finger bowl of water then gliding your dessert in front of your frog-bugging eyeballs.
Senn laughs and dunks fingers from the salty peanuts into the warm soapy wash for a second time splashing viciously his digits, my dress, and his blue jeans like a two-year toddler in the bathtub.
I cringe from the wetness, frowning with fury. Senn!?
Senn jerks his fingers into the air as the butler magically appears and kindly drops a small warm towel over the wet dripping appendages before Senn inflames more belles on his right side. He smiles at me. Sorry, babe ya can take your dress off in my private chamber room then I can clean the soiled food for it. Or ya can take it all off in my private chamber room then I can clean your
Stow it, Senn. Sterling frowns.
Symole says. Fruit course...
Geez, did she just say fuck course. I thought that was after dessert inside me, Senn chuckles and winks at me.
Hush it, Senn. Sterling smiles.
Symole says. Table manners require a fruit plate with a variety of compotes of glaceed fruit, dark chocolates and mixed nuts to utilize a set of special utensils. A fruit fork and a fruit knife are used much like a fish fork and a knife peeling the meat from the seed then gently lifting the fruit to your tongue, she eats the glaceed fruit first then smiles. Hmm!
Senn exhales watching Symole drools over the shiny fruit. I wanna go first one day.
Shut it, Senn. Sterling lifts the correct utensil from the left side of his plate by looking at Sondras correct motion so the butler doesnt bat his hand again.
Senn nods. It turns me on watching that bitch consume her food first.
Hush, Senn. Sterling peels the shiny green skin of the fossilized pear since hes still hunger for another cut of T-bone steak, instead of a shiny pear.
Symole says. The dessert course might seem easier but has its own manners. The dessert is prepared in the kitchen while the butler clears items from your placement setting that does not relate to the dessert course like nasty crumbles from your table but not your mouth, Lomax.
I scan the room with a frown, not a mouth full of food. Who is Lomax? Is that a girl or a boy?
Sterling looks at his dessert impatiently watching for the order to charge. I do not know.
Whats a Lomax, Senn? I lean into his left side, inquiring.
Senn studies his dessert too. Lomax is a student over there on the other side of the room. Hes in the class before us.
Symole says. Tonights dessert, a strawberry and vanilla rainbow parfait preserved in a tall narrow glass brought to you and placed on the platter, she consumes the first bite then I grab my dessert spoon aiming and targeting and attacking the cool dessert.
Sterling inquires with interest. Wherere all the strawberries in my parfart? I thought fruity dessert contained at least one or four pieces of fruit, digs into the smooth liquid.
in my suite, see ya there later at around eight, Senn chuckles and chews. Ya bring the chocolate, darling. We be having a good time
Stow it, Senn. Sterling chews.

7:09 pm. belle parlor room.
Senn stands then assists me out the chair like a southern gentleman. I stand then waddle to the side running into his elbow, giggling from my bad maneuver in the fluffy gown. I slowly waddle backwards then roughly turn towards the double entrance archway which is wider enough for maneuvering my wide plantation dress and a handsome beau into the Dogtrot hallway.
I slowly turn to the left and make a final waddle following a flock of colorful dress hems towards the front porch of the Dogtrot hallway. Symole elegantly swings her dress tail in the opposite direction then says without the finger pointing. Finger pointing is very rude manners in the South for some dang reason. She nods with her chin. At this time you may attend the powder room or join me inside the parlor room. A parlor room is a social gathering to discuss various topics from babies to zebras, giggles with the other girls. She graciously turns then waddles into the wide archway.
The girls follow behind then scatter towards a loveseat. The room is squared-shaped in wall paper of green vines and colorful flowers. There are various colored and furniture styles sitting sofas around low and small coffee tables that are varied color and style too like the entire room came from an antique shop throughout Alabama. Symole sits along the entrance wall between the archway and a long table of cups and plates. She nods, not fingering. The chambermaid will pour you either a cup of coffee or hot tea just list your preference along with the desired consistence of the mixture with or without sugar or crme
I pad to a small circular loveseat that curves similar to an elegant body of a swimming swan. The loveseat can easier accommodate my dress and me, sitting.
A smiling young girl stands at my eardrum wearing a plain black A-line dress down to her ankles. She curtseys to me like Im the new queen of England. I giggle when she asks. Coffee or tea, miss?
I nod and order. Tea, black no sugar or crme please. She leaves as more belles occupy the empty three loveseats on each side of me surrounding the square table. The girl returns with a tray in her left hand then sits a smooth baby blue porcelain tea cup with a matching saucer next to my right hand then turns to attend to the next belle.
Symole nods holding her teacup and saucer in her hands, sits alone inside her shiny black satin loveseat clashing with her ugly dull brown plantation dress. The side wall shows the rays of the sunset from the low window panes along the front porch and the pretty view of the neatly manicured lawn and flower gardens. You can hear the sounds of the rowdy males across the breezeway since the belle parlor room is quiet as the chambermaid fills orders of tea requests. Symole says. The beaus are inside their private parlor room too. In olden time the room was used to entertain your visiting guests at your manor. The beaus were commonly separated from the belles after suppertime because they engaged in cigar smoking, not here either. Many of the belles did not participate or tolerate the smell, not here either. Their butler rotates around the room offering coffee, tea, or a brandy, not here either. They possess a similar walnut sideboard slightly laid out different from ours with brands of cigars. Belles never ever attend the beau parlor room back then and not now, since you have your own place of entertainment with girl friends.
Girlfriend, not here, frowns the girl: short, pale skin, blonde hair, curled lips, wicked smile. She occupies the loveseat on my right then chuckles.
Symole says. Our walnut black sideboard which is a piece of elegant furniture for entertaining contains tiny pieces of assorted fine white or dark chocolates. Just inform the chamber maid, you would like a small dish of assortment and it will be provided.
I study the long black table made from the popular Alabama walnut trees part of the legs show the red flaming resin. I see dried yellow candle wax on the white linen cloth from the melting and flaming candles, probably used in the year 1862 too. I see an array of items: small trays, cups, saucers, and spoons on one side; a tall stack of dark brown chocolate mini-squares on the other side. I lift my hand when the chambermaid stumps to my princess level, smiling. I would like to taste three pieces of pure delight, she nods then exits my vision. More belles sit around the loveseats when the chambermaid returns with my dish of candy. She lays the dish next to my teacup when I pop the candy into my mouth. The semi-sweet chocolate melts on my pink tongue then slowly drains down my esophagus into my full tummy of good food. I will sleep very well tonight with a filled stomach dreaming of Sterling or Senn or both, giggling.
Girl: tall, big breasts, plump body, red dress, dark skin, brown eyes, black hair. She smiles at her. Im Constance. You dont wear your gloves whilest drinking your tea, Lillard. Thats a very proper old-fashioned belle habit but this is the new age of belles in America, smiles and nods.
Girl: skinny, tall, big breasts, pale skin, blonde hair, brown eyes. She smiles at Lillard. I am Tancy, yall. Nice to meet, yall. Did I hear that you hail from the great State of Pennsylvania?
I am from Vermont. Lillard fakes a smile then sip on tea wearing her red gloves.
The short blonde girl on my right sneers. Her great-great-great grandfather served in the 8th Vermont Calvary. Right, darling? she nods then sips her tea.
Lillard nods and say. Yes, my family name served in the War of the Rebellion.
The short blonde girl on my right snarls at Lillard. Sos your family is name Lillard. Does that longer fancy version of bitter foul word mean Lard-butt? she giggles, alone. 
Constance frowns at her. Effie!? This is Effie who doesnt have a single belle manner in her bones being the current white trash of the South. I should know her family serves as our 
Effie sneers at Constance as I entertain the cat fight with the virtual claws. Effie smiles, smoothing her dress. Bitch, my daddys a billionaire oilman in Texas. Her family in our lawyer, nods when Constance giggles then sips her tea.
Girl: short, black hair, olive skin, brown eyes. She frowns with a sour face at Effie then Constance. Belle manners, please, smiles and nods. I am Iris Lee. Im happy to be here and meet and greet other belles too.
Effie frowns. Why Lordy, Lillard doesnt exhibit any single social grace that doesnt resemble my gopher in the back yard back home in Texas.
I read that gloves are to be worn at all times, Lillard says then sips her tea.
To cover her calloused hands, giggles Effie.
Constance frowns with puzzlement. What are you gossiping about, Effie?
Effie rudely fingers the gloves, grinning. Her hands look at her naked hands.
Take off your gloves, Lillard. Iris Lee frowns and nods.
No. Lillard says then sip her tea.
She be afraid of the truth, nods and grins Effie.
No. Lillard says then sips her tea.
Then take off your right glove. Constance frowns.
Lillard exhales then gently sets the tea cup and saucer on the wooden table removing her glove. She presents her naked hand to Effie. Effie giggles and nods. See, I told yall so.
Tancy examines the naked hand, giggling. I do not see anything except that you Lillard shore do need a fingernail manicure and some baby blue polish badly, girlfriend, winks then sips her tea.
Effie exhales, rising her hand. The width of her fat hand is broader and thinner than mine. Since shes constantly running errands for her mama and keeping a steadily pace of movement all day and night for her daddy from grasping objects like maybe hard and rough and stiff cardboard boxes that are too large and heavy for the delicate belles hands. A belle hand is plump, soft and used for stroking her beaus bread stick, not a loaf of white bread. Shes a field mice of course working inside her daddys warehouse like an employee, when you hear soft gasps from the other belles.
Lillard jerks her hand into her lap covering it with the glove. She nods and says. I am learning my family business requiring me to do working tasks for my father, because I love my family. I dont see what your saying has to do with my manual labor or my hands, girlfriend. I am a teen like you Effie.
Peasant or princess? Effie giggles then stands. She moves to another empty loveseat.
I lean over to Lillard whispering so I do not get any demerits from Symole. I smile. Ignore the bitch, Lillard. Somethings stuck up her ass so far that its died and fermented like a good bottle of Scot, one of my daddys favored sayings. Im Sondra. I work too at my daddys farm. I can jack a pickup, jack a horse saddle, and jack a bunny rabbit only if my coon dogs with me, giggles with Lillard. Ya feel better, girlfriend?
Lillard nods viewing her dress hem. Thank you. I do feel a little better, exhales then views me. I was worried about coming here to Antebellum House. Im not a southern. Im a
Yankee. Its just a single word, Lillard. Ya know sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never harm me. I smile and nod.
Lillard exhales. A stone bruise heals a lot faster to the leg than a shitty word to the heart. I only came here because my parents thought the schools name on a future college application would get me a good scholarship into the local university. Colleges hard to enter without a set of big bucks or big balls. I really plan to stay for until holiday break. But thats our little secret then I am going back home to Vermont, back to my high school there. I plan to graduate and attend Vermont University graduating in computers.
Thats an excellent field of study, Lillard. Youll live in Vermont too. I try to make her feel better.
In the same town of forever, she views Effie sitting with another batch of girls. The girls glance at us every once so often.
I nod and smile. Dont let Effie ruin your plans or your stay. Im here too for the longer haul. My parents graduated from here which means I gotta stay and play but believe me that I do not play by their rules, giggles.
She exhales. Sometimes I feel, I think that Im not supposed to be here, looks at her dress hem covering her shoes.
I frown. Thats Effies sentence not yours. She touched a tender spot. Just forget about her. I know lets meet in my room after our tea lesson is finished for some girl talk.
Lillard smiles at me, nodding. Im interested in seeing your room. Does it look like mine? I have a great big canopy bed with green and white ruffles.
Tancy frowns at me. What will we do there in your room if it only contains a lousy laptop that accesses no Internet, a small TV with no cable, and a tea cup set of orange and yellow flowers on a silver tray? I dont like to drink hot liquids, only cool beverages.
I smile and wink. Talk about boys, when they nod and giggle.
Symole says. May I have your attention belles. Our night has ended. Please tarry to your bed chambers. You may follow me out this doorway then walk around the front portico, stands from her loveseat without the tea cup and saucer. The chambermaids busy collecting the dirty items from belles and sitting them on a large tray.
Effie stands then walks, slapping her shoe onto the wooden platform. She grins and fingers the darkness of the staircase. The staircase is the most direct route to our suites. Right, Head Mistress Symole?
Symole swings to Effie. Yes, Miss Effie but the staircase is haunted by the roaming spirits of Miss Peggy Sue, Miss Anita Mae, and Miss Connie Lee
Poppy cock. Effie giggles and studies the dark staircase.
Lillard stands and whispers into my eardrum. Do you think this is a rigged display for bad belles, Sondra?
I do not know. I stare at Effie, wondering if she is bold enough to enter the dark tunnel that measures thirty-six steps up of terror. My mama told me about the staircase from her attendance at Antebellum Hose and the she-ghosts too.
Effie grins and jabs her finger at the darkness. Am I dis-encouraged to use the staircase, Mistress Symole?
No child, you are most encouraged to try the staircase. I will be waiting here below to see if you success. I have found in past classes over the years that not one belle has dared and climbed successfully this staircase since
Girl: short, dark skin, red hair. She stands near the archway, giggling and smiling. I concur. A couple of belles have tried but were turned back by the dum, dum, dum of fear. Go for it, girlfriend, giggles with the others.
Effie plants her sandal on the first step, nodding. Ill be the first belle, disappears behind the solid beige wall, saying. Step two, step three, step four, step five. All is well. I am stepping on number six. Ah, shit, she screams then silent. She stomps up another step. Stupid ghost, Im fine, yall. Im on step eight, step nine. Ah, then silence. She stomps back down then emerges with wide pupil and parted lips with ugly dripping mouth spit. The spit falls down her chin from crying and screaming and snot drips down her nostril holes. She hustles towards the archway. I lead, disappears into the night as chuckles echo from the belles
Symole frowns. Belles, you can take a dare or you can shut your trap. Silence lingers. She smiles and nods. Time to retire to your private chambers! You are allowed to stay up for two more hours but you must be very quiet and very respectful of your school mates. If not
Demeritville, Constance smiles.
Symole views and nods to Constance. One demerit, Miss Constance, when the room is silent again.
The belles exit the archway one-by-one and two-by-twos through Dogtrot Hall then around the wrap-around portico to the east side of the Dogtrot Plantation.

8:03 pm. Sondras bedroom.
My room holds an ivory-colored bedspread between the four-posted bed frame as I yank the thick and pretty bed covers from the mattress along with the pillows like a teen. I toss and cover the flooring like a teen. I rip the dress off my naked shoulder walking into the closet then toss the shoes and dress like a teen.
I walk around nakedness in my throng to the chest of drawers, pulling out my warm pink flannel pajamas with the colored cupcakes making me ill from my full tummy of good eats. I select no additional refreshments for my invited guest since we just have finished the suppertime meal, maybe on tomorrow nights girly party.
I slide onto the bedspread and one pillow testing the softness, determining that I need more puff. I stand and prance into the closet yanking down al the blankets from the top shelf being a tall bean pole type of girl.
I back pedal with loaded arms then spread the blanket around the bedspread. I drop and curve the shape around the pillows when I hear the knock at the door.
I criss-cross the room to the open windows seeing an array of yellowish-white stars below heaven along with an almost full moon of orange. I drop my eyelashes to the manicured lawn and flower gardens, not shining in the far away moonlight. There are no outside tall poles of heavy flood lights like in the city streets of my house or my high school stadium during a sporting game. This is the strangest academic campus on planet Earth. I do not see any type of outside lightning but the freaking moon that orbits 238,900 miles give or take a mile or two as it passes around the planet. I narrow my eyelashes searching and seeking any peek of dim artificial lights from the work outbuildings or any private homes that lie quietly peaceful against the shadow of the mountain range then see something. I narrow my eyelashes when the knock disturbs my concentration. I slam the thick curtains shut closing out the invaders, frowning with puzzlement. I race and open the door as a cold sweaty bottle float into my eyeballs.
Constance smiles. To our hostess with the mostess for starting our first belle meeting
Tancy follows behind holding a beer, wears her blue robes and pajamas. Whys all the outbuildings off limits to belles?
Constance advances to my bed frame. I do not know.
I know, Iris Lee smiles holding a beer then parks on top of the thick blankets. About two years ago, a belle for some silly reason went into one of the outbuildings then she got expelled from Antebellum House.
Tancy nods. Noted, ya wont catch me near the outhouses or the cemetery. Is the mountain off limits too?
Iris Lee winks at her. No and yes, mostly no, Im not supposed to tattle tale. But youll be hearing the rumors, not from me, giggles.
Lillard sits on the blanket without a beer, frowning with puzzlement. Is the stairwell haunted?
Iris Lee smiles and nods. Legend tells that the slash marks in the belles staircase was made when by a British officer during the Revolutionary War he attacked and murdered the helpless maid of the garconniere protecting her little belles.
Wow, your curves are girly. Constance touches the ruffles on the bed post.
O...mygawd, youre gay. Tancy drops her mouth.
Constance winks at Tancy. No, I be heading straight for your beau, girlfriend. Im commenting on Sondras lovely curves and draping ruffles on her canopy bed top. Ya got a set of ivory chenille coverlets too. I like your ivory double row of curtains tied with ivory tassels, very royal like a princess, swings to the blankets then sits. She sips the beer.
Iris Lee nods. Mines a modern bed with a silver steel stainless four posts bed frame but the silver colored footboard is low to the floor about one inch with a secret hidden compartment for my pink lace panties. The bedspread is a geometric yellow vertical thick line on half then red thick lines on bottom, really cool.
Tancy nods. I have a canopy frame that looks like a bell-shape with a set of hot orange sheer lace ruffled foo-foo curtains tied at four ends of the posts then drapes to the floor. The bedspread is a big gigantic hot orange sunflower then a big gigantic yellow sunflower with a beige background. Neat to meet.
Constance smiles. I got four poles of black mahogany wood that shines in a lacquer finish with pure white lace curtains hanging down over the posters to the floor but my bedspread is black and white leopard print. I do like a lot.
Lillard says. I have a bed room suit of pretty yellow teak wood. Teak wood comes from the country of Sweden with four arrow-like posters with an arched canopy tent. My dark navy bedspread is covered in tiny white dots, very pretty. The canopy fabric is dark blue sheer silk, nods and pats her silk robe.
Like you pjs, are you a nun or something, honey? Tancy giggles.
Lillard nods. I placed dark blue as one of my color schemes along with rose red and violet purple on the paper application to Antebellum House.
What paper application? I frown.
The one, I filled out. Lillard nods.
I didnt fill out shit. Constance frowns.
Tancy nods and smiles. Your parents filled out the application. Since my mama turned into this school my application without my knowledge then pleaded for me to attend which I did only, because I love my mama.
Iris Lee smiles and nods. We all love our parents thats a Bible rule.
Obey your parents is the Bible commandment, Lillard nods. 
Ands part of obeying your parents is loving your parents too, nods Tancy.
I frown at Tancy. Who sent you here to Antebellum House?
Constance exhales and nods. You dont wanna be here either, Sondra.
I say. I was shown one of my dresses then told that I would be wearing them as my new dress code at my new school.
Thats odd! I was told last year that I would attend Antebellum House working with my mama to make the necessary preparations, Iris Lee says.
Well then, your mamas truly a loving mama, not like mine, nods Constance.
I scan my room. Doesnt it seem weird that there are no fancy glass-cut chandeliers, only vertical fluorescent lighting that burns your eyeballs and no throw pillows for beauty in my girly bedroom or a small crystal lamp for decoration on my desk top? My bedroom at my grandmothers house is much nicer than this. I expected Antebellum House to contain well, antebellum stuff like zillions of antiques. Most of the furniture is modern or old needing polishing or trashing.
Constance nods. Antiques are valuable objects for rare collectors. Or they are horded by the family clan for giving to their younguns at Christmas time or young couples for a wedding present. Thats a Southern tradition that has lasted for centuries.
Iris Lee says. The floor to ceiling windows look like the black and white pictures from my American History textbook that I used in high school last year. Thats like an antique part of this old building. I read that the tall windows are opened during the spring and autumn times to admit cool air from the porches flowing across the room. The column along the front portico stretched up into a plain wide frieze. A plain wide band runs across the front of the house then above that is the gable roof. The gable roof is two sloped roofs that formed a triangle in the front with a circular air vent for the attic. The box shaped house has a breezeway in the center of the faade. There is no grand stairway, formal ball room or decorative pilasters or mock columns of nothing to do. The high ceilings and multiple stories allowed the heat to rise and covered balconies and porches allowed folks to sit in the shade enjoying the outside
Tancy giggles. Iris Lees smart. We need to cheat off all her tests.
Whys there she-ghosts here? Constance sips the beer.
Lillard nods. It was framed and faked.
Iris Lee frowns. Naw, I just told yall the legend of the killing sword
Yes, the event is both framed and faked for scaring the new students. This is another ancient tradition of the privileged class, frowns Lillard.
Tancy shakes her curls. Naw, Effie was really scared. Ya shouldve heard that girl cussing up a thunderstorm in the doorway of her private chamber at the naughty she-ghosts for touching her hair then her neck then her hand...
Constance frowns. Did the ghost really touch her hair?
Lillard frowns. Impossible, they are both invisible and intangible, if they are indeed real.
Iris Lee slaps her finger to her lips, Shh! They can hear ya and they can see ya and, chuckles with the others.
They are not real yall silly southern belles. Some one is behind door number three pulling a mechanic level, creating a mechanic wind storm. What did Effie feel a breeze of wind across the crown of her head or down along her naked feet inside her sandals, says Lillard.
Effie says she feel a hand touch across her bare shoulder. Tancy says.
Lillard frowns. Big D! We all feel touches of wind some boys hands and gals hands across our naked shoulders in these silly promenade party gowns. Geez, I cant believe my mother sent me here
Why are you, here? Constance frowns at Lillard.
What? Lillard drops her mouth.
Tancy frowns at Lillard too. Why did you come here to Antebellum House? You are not from the south but Vermont
Lillard nods. Im here because my parents want me to attend a good university. The proper name of this school seems to open doors in some of the impossibly overcrowded post-graduate institutions
Constance nods, Man or woman, youre lucky that ya get an invite here. Belles all over the South wanna come here but the enrollment is limited and strict. Ya know were an academic school for specifically
I smile. Girls
Belles, Iris Lee winks at me.
I raise my empty beer bottle, smiling. To the first belle meeting, the only admission is you bathroom robes and pajamas. No nudity is allowed. And the only item on the business agenda is boys. Whose get a brother here since I do not want to date him foreverly?
Tancy winks and smiles. Better question, whos been to the east garconniere?
Constance winks and giggles. Best question, whos been out with a boy from east garconniere? Dont be shy! Tell, tell?
I smile. Whose your beau that shoved your breasts into the table tonight at supper male?
Iris Lee drops her mouth. Cutie hunkie Sterling did that to ya, Sondra?
I like his bald mound. Did ya touch his head, Sondra? Constance winks and giggles.
Tancy giggles. Yeah, that bad body Ween did that me too.
Ween is a coon-ass. Constance frowns and nods.
A what? Lillard giggles.
Iris Lee frowns. A vulgar and derogatory term for a bad redneck that you mama would beat ya blue and black ifan she heard your foul mouth, Constance.
Constance smiles. My mama would call him biggity for both vain and overbearing.
That be describing Senn, darling, I giggle and nod.
Tancy nods and winks. But that boys cute to boot.
and a good ol boy from a good ol family too, Iris Lee nods.
A rough and fun cowboy, I bet he wants to take ya to Loveless Mountain too, Sondra, winks Constance.
I exhale. Senns a redneck.
Lillard frowns. I thought the term redneck applied to people who possessed reddish colored necks from working in the crop fields on their farms in rural countryside of the South.
Ezzards a sweet talking thing. Iris Lee nods and smiles.
A what? Lillard drops her mouth.
Tancy nods and smiles. Sweet talking thing, it means to us girls that hes got the best pickup lines for a southern beau along with his gentlemanly beau charm.
Pickup line to where? Lillard frowns.
Wheres the dome located from this building? Tancy views the closed windows.
A what? Lillard drops her mouth.
The naked top of Loveless Mountain, its a dome but flat for dancing, strolling, and flirting, giggles Tancy.
Reckon so, giggles Constance.
 Whos been kissed? I smiles.
Me. Tancy tosses her hand and nods.
Me. Constance smiles.
Lillard frowns at Tancy. Is that really your name?
Tancy is a word from the Greek language meaning immortal. She nods.
What does a beau like in his belle? I ask.
Constance nods. Beautiful eyes.
Me. Tancy slaps her big breasts.
Soft lips. Iris Lee says.
Me. Tancy slaps her breasts again.
Gorgeous body. I feel my skinny legs and thighs.
Me. Tancy slaps her breasts again.
A good listener. Iris Lee nods.
O baby, whenever ya want to do to me. Constance giggles.
A good listener, not a good whore, Constance, giggles Lillard.
Im not a whore, Lillard. Constance sneers.
Me. Tancy slaps her breasts again.
Spontaneous actions. Iris Lee nods.
Yeah, baby, go with the flow! Constance says.
Love to hear ya sing the blues. Tancy says.
How about a country song? I nod.
Sing in his right eardrum. Tancy says.
Dance in his room. Iris Lee nods.
Dance in our heels. Tancy nods. 
Dance in the nude. I giggle.
Constance nods. Hell, yeah, a little dose of silliness and a big dose of kissing-ness.
Lillard says. Boys complain about girl drivers so I contribute and promise to be a good driver
Tancy frowns at Lillard. Are ya talking about a car, honey?
Constance nods and winks. Lillard means to make his engine purr like a newborn kitten for the hunger tomcat.
Iris Lee says. Be happy, not fake. Be real!
Constance says. Can I tell a joke?
Lillard says. Can I fake a smile?
I nod. Boys like big tits and long legs
Me, Tancy slaps her breasts, smiling.
Constance nods. Care for him! Baby him, when hes sick or tired.
Surprise him with something, nods Tancy.
Lillard frowns. What?
Tancy shrugs. I dont know something.
Show him your really want him. Be funny. Be strong. Dont be a damsel in distress all the time but once in a while let me save yall, nods Constance.
Play hard to get, nods Lillard.
Constance frowns. Naw, you fool both you and him instead exhibit interest in him while being confident and independent. Thats sexy. Needy and pushy is fake.
Flirt with him, text him your naughty thoughts. I nod.
Tancy pulls her mobile telephone from her robe. She presses the screen. We cant use the cells here inside Antebellum House. Whys that?
I drop my mouth. O right, I forget, view my mobile telephone on the stand.
Iris Lee laughs. Sos we cant bitch to our parents during Detention Isle on Loveless Mountain from Mistress Symole.
Bitch about what, Iris Lee, frowns Constance.
About you, sweetie, winks Iris Lee at me.
I smile.  O I gotta remember that one, giggles with the girls.

Tuesday. August 13th
7:50 am. ball room.
I prance into the room full of T-shirts and blue jeans when Symole speaks into the microphone. Pick a sofa, any empty sofa in the room but sit with your dining room buddies from last night during dessert. So please let us tarry and get seated.
I see Sterling in the far distance waving for me. Senn pulls behind me slapping both his huge man hands on my ass with a dual thud covering the evil deed with a rooter chuckle while blocking Symoles vision of my attack with his broad tallness. I swing around performing a backward stroll in my high-heels being a southern belle. Senn!?
He leans into my lips then twirls me into a cuddle. Yes, lets sin tonight, we trot to Sterling who has selected a modern day gray and white cotton pressed cloth sofa with a set of rounded armrests.
Behave or Ill tattle to Sterling. I frown with fury.
Senn drops a chin into his chest, moaning. Yes, darling, scoots towards the opposite side of Sterling.
Sterling smiles and sits when I swing around then plop my ass inside the cushion. Ah! I stand up then swing around, seeing. Two pairs of hands are occupying my ass-spot inside the sofa. Sterling and Senn grin and chuckle at me then each other not bothering to remove their hands from the cloth. I stomp my sandals. Ugh, yall boys are going to get me a demerit. Move your paws, cubs!
Symole yells into the microphone. Please, every beau and belle sit down. A prayer service is provided the first turn of the morn at precisely 8:05 am since research scientific studies have shown that teens function best later in the morning right after a good breakfast. The prayer service will be fifteen minutes long with no words, no music, and no noise. Every morning, you will come here first then we will enter in single file one bench at a time out the door to place your assigned dining room chair for breakfast. All meals are serviced to you like a prince and princess so get used to it. Your first class will begin at 9:00 am since research studies have shown that teens work better in the later morning hours.
Senn slowly lifts his right hand from the cloth then orders. Only ifan ya hold my hand during prayer service for the entire time of fifteen solid minutes.
Sterling smiles and nods, raising his hand. Great ploy, sinner, hold my hand too, sugar for fifteen solid minutes.
No. I cross my arms, shaking my curls.
Please sit down everyone or the breakfast will be delayed and cold for your taste buddies. Symole yells into the microphone.
I toss my arms, moaning. Ugh, yall boys!?
Hold our hands sos we can pray for goodness and sweetness, smiles Sterling.
I nod tossing my arms again. Okay. Okay. Both of yall move your hands so I can sit before I get a demerit, spins and sits in the warm spot as both boys plop their hands on my breasts. I giggle and fume at the same time. Senn wiggles his fingers while I take his left with my right hand then Sterling holds his hand like a pompous prince. I slap my left palm into his hand drawing both of them into my lap.
Symole says. Bow your heads. Let us pray in silent. Amen! I bow my head viewing the floor.
Amen! Sterling cheers and rubs my fingers.
A me, Senn chuckles and clucks his tongue.
Sterling chuckles bowing his head and looks at boots. Thats good, sinner. A me and her
A me and her and you, Senn sniggers.
I smirk holding their wiggling digits in both my palms staring my eyeballs at the floor. I listen to two grown boys mew like kittens for fifteen minutes then moan. Brother Jesus, please help me.

9:04 am. Needlepoint class
I cant enter the room.
Effie blocks the archway with both arms expanded in the wooden frame, smiling into the room. Im aghast. I just learned that fat-ass ole Lard-butt is from Vermont, not a Southern state in the USA.
Constance frowns at the wooden board, Sit down, Effie!
Effie scans the faces, saying. Im aghast. Havent yall noticed that Antebellum House has been invaded like a batch of fire ants with other creatures from the northern hemisphere?
Yankees are here. Lordy, call my Daddy! I shove the short girl into the room then wink at Lillard.
The teacher shoves me into the room. Good morning, belles. I have a few announcements before we begin our lecture. One demerit is given to Miss Effie for her non-belle behavior. Lunch will be served at high noon consisting of meatloaf and mashed potatoes, a favorite southern dish of mine too. You will be still required to eat your lunch using your newly acquired table manners with instruction from last nights supper and this mornings breakfast in your jeans and boots. Are there any more vocal expressions or visual sad faces? Good, smiles and nods. The room is colored pink paint with an array of modern furniture from a gray leather recliner to a pine wood rocking chair to a floral pink and baby blue wing chair. Under each chair is a twelve-inched square pine wooden hoop with on a single foot stand holding a twelve-inched mesh a white canvas for needle point stitching. Female: short, queen-sized, pale skin, grayish-brown hair, long skirt. She smiles. Welcome to Needlepoint class. You found parked in the seat your personal sewing stash. The basket contains one pair of scissors, a tube of yellow embroidery floss and one single cross-stitch needle. The basket is not to leave the needlepoint class. You may begin, shifts towards the closed door.
What are we cross-stitching? Constance frowns at the canvas.
The teacher swings and smiles at her. A frog
A yellow frog, Effie frowns with confusion at the canvas.
Constance frowns at the canvas then at the teacher. How are we supposed to cross-stitch a frog, maam?
The teacher says. Hold the wooden board between your knees. Place your needle behind the white canvas then insert the needle up through the hole and then back down through the hole. This is your first stitch then repeat until you have completed your frog
A yellow frog, Effie frowns then giggles, turning her distorted face to Constance.  
Iris Lee studies the canvas. A frog has two legs and two eyes. This picture has two legs and a tail. I think its a bird
A yellow bird, is there such a thing as a yellow bird? Tancy frowns at Constance.
Lillard laughs. A chicken, a chicken is yellow which is making me hungry.
Its too heavy and fat and thick for a tiny chick. It looks like a goose, Tancy smiles and nods.
A yellow goose, Effie frowns at the canvas.

10:04 am. library room. Money Matters class
I mosey then sit inside a cheap plastic card table sporting five legs instead of four. Sterling scoots into the second chair, grinning at me. I smile at his cute face then at the Money Matters teacher.
The teacher: short, elderly, gray hair, brown eyes, wrinkled pale skin. He smiles and sits inside a writing desk, saying Money matters in the library room during the antebellum ear, the landowners private spot where he could smoke, no smoking of cigars in here, when the males moan for fun. He grins. He could drink, no drinking of spirits in here, when the males groan. He smiles. He could talk about politics which shall be avoided here, when silence invades the room. He could talk about money so it would make perfect sense for us to be here to discuss that main topic...
What main topic is that, sir? Ween slides into the rear of the room, shouting.
The teacher says. One demerit, Master Ween. I am Master Floyd. I would like to remind our students that any type of misbehavin rebel behavior either badly facial expressions to my eyes or vocally wrong responses to my ears will reward your person with a single demerit. On the flip side of the Roman golden coin any type of happy facial expression paired with a correct verbal answer will result in your personal name being dropping into that invisible white cowboy hat at the end of the school session for tomorrows Lady and Gentleman of the Day during your mealtimes staring with breakfast. What object is generally accepted as a payment for goods and services and repayment of debts in our economy?
Money. Sterling smiles when I jerk my face to him. He winks at me.
Floyd nods. Correct, Master Sterling. What defines the currency in the US?
Banknotes and coins. Sterling smiles then winks at me.
Floyd nods. Correct again, Master Sterling. The first usage came from the small village named Mesopotamia in the year 3000 BC in the form of a seashell. What is the object?
Sterling smiles. Money, when I drop my mouth at him. 
Correct again, Master Sterling, nods Floyd.
Senn slaps Sterling on the forearm sitting beside me. Give us a chance, man.
One demerit, Master Senn.  After World War Two at the Bretton Woods Conference held in Great Britain all the worlds currency became based on what object?
Money. Ween yells then laughs with the others.
No, Master Ween. Floyd frowns.
The United States dollar. Sterling smiles and winks at me.
Correct, Master Sterling. What is a matter that functions the four of a medium, a measure, a standard, a store?
Money. Sterling smiles.
Very good, Master Sterling. In the early 1500s in the city of Amsterdam, Holland a major trading and shipping city accepted large cash deposits from the local merchants to protect their wealth. These cashiers held the money for a monetary fee. The increase in money rolls along with the competition of fee drove the cashiers to offer some additional services, including paying out money to any person bearing a written order from a depositor to do so. They kept the note as proof of payment which is called by what object?
A checking account. Sterling nods and smiles.
Correct, Master Sterling. This novel concept of a checking account spread against the countries from England to the colonies in North America and by 1700s in the country of England, paper, serial numbers, and what object appear? Please spell it.
Sterling smiles. Cheque, c.h.e.q.u.e.
Very good, Master Sterling. What is the object that is a summary of financial transactions which have occurred over a given period of time on a bank account held by a person or business with a financial institution anywhere in the world?
A bank statement. Sterling smiles.
Correct, Master Sterling! A bank statement is printed on several pieces of paper and mailed directly to the account holders address. With the advanced technology of banking today there are certain ATMs that offer the printing of a bank statement at any time which is a condensed version of a bank statement. In recent years, there has been a shift towards paperless an electronic bank statement. The bank statement possesses certain features the cancelled cheques images that have cleared through the bank account during the statement period. A transactional account allows the account holder to visually see the financial payment from various resources which include debit cards; cash money; cheques, and EFT which is an electronic funds transfer from or to a bank account. What object holds both the financial and non-financial data showing a date, the money description, and the money amount of each item such as the purchase of a tractor or a horse for a business company like a cotton farm?
An ATM card, man, Ween shouts then chuckles with the others.
A general ledger. Sterling smiles.
Correct, Master Sterling. What object shows the amount of money collected from selling cotton bolls to the US Federal Government and the amounts of money spent for paying the mortgage of the house, the fuel gas for the farm tractor and lots of food for their growing five teenage boys? The answer is also the difference between the revenue money and the expense money which could be a profit for the cotton farm placed into a checking account for future spending of money or saving for money.
An income statement. Sterling smiles and winks at me.
Yes, Master Sterling. An income statement is a very important legal and financial document pertaining to money. An income statement shows the past money transactions where the money was spent and can predict any future money performance such as generating cash for the future growth. For example, Antebellum House needs money to expand its capital layout while continuing to service young beaus and belles into becoming responsible mature adults. The income statement shows the flow of money but there is another document that places the money in a permanent spot. My last question of the day, what object is a legal declaration by which a person, the testator, naming one person to manage his estate and provides for the distribution of his property at the timely event of death?
I got this one, man. It is a dead persons Will, ya know for the monies to me. Ween shouts then laughs with the others.
Very close, Master Ween. Youre doing a good job but I need a specific name. Floyd says.
A Last Will and Testament. Sterling smiles.
Correct, Master Sterling. The term will has historically been limited to real property while the second term of testament applies only to the disposition of the personal property thus giving the name Last Will and Testament. Today, a person creates a testamentary trust that is effective only after the death of the person named inside the will, raises the papers. I hold four photo-copied cancelled checks from four different bank statements. Your assignment for the Money Matters course is to trace back these four bank checks written to Antebellum House from four actual patrons named Mrs. Mary Margaret Hackworth, Mr. William Earl McDaniel, Mr. Jefferson Anthony Quinn, and Mr. Montgomery Jonathan Sutton. I request to see in a hand written format or an electronic one the check money amount from each patrons checking account, the date of the check transaction from the patrons bank statement. The money item purchased will be found in the general ledger book and finally the money income from their business from the income statement that was declared in their real Last Will and Testimony.
Geez, all that by the end of the year, Ween moans then chuckles with the others.
Floyd nods. One demerit, Master Ween, fingers the room. You will find all the ancient accounting books, records, and papers located inside this very room. The assignment is due this week before the fun weekend. Some of you will finish this assignment in less than thirty minutes while most of you will take days, maybe a few more weeks to solve the puzzle. Please pick up a stack of paper before you leave the room. You make begin starting tonight after suppertime unless you are posted to attend Detention Isle for the evening like Master Ween, chuckles with the others.

11:03 am. Drawing Room. Journal Writing class
Damn, the chairs are, frowns Ween. He stops and blocks the archway as eager beaver students steer around him. The Journal Writing professor stands from his sofa. I walk to one of the empty cute girly silk covered chair between Sterlings left elbow and my right elbow with a table between us.
The Journal Writing professor says and smiles. One demerit, Master Ween. Please come inside. Pick out the chair anywhere in the room as long as it is here in front of me on the left side, first row, so that I may monitor your foul mouth with your set of moving lips, chuckles with the other students. Ween plops into a chair, slumping with his punishment of being stupid. The professor smiles and nods. Good morning, belles and beaus. I am Master Skippy. This is Journal Writing class. When you acquired your seat
Pink chair, hollers Ween, slapping the silky pink and silver cushion with his right hand between his legs.
Skippy smiles. Two demerits, Master Ween. You first lifted a black leather book from the middle of your pink and silver satin original Louis XVI court seat. This is your private and personal journal which will be used in this class. Since everyone is both comfortable and shocked I should teach. You will notice that there
Theres no ink pen, lead pencil to write down your notes. Sterling flips though the white empty pages of his black journal.
Skippy smiles and nods. Very good, you are very observant and eager, Master Sterling. I will submit your name in the cowboy hat at the end of the school session for the Gentleman of the Day. There is no ink pen or lead pencil attached to the black book. You will not be writing down any lecture notes during our lecture session. You will be listening and participating in this class using your working vocal cords. Every morning, I will begin a sentence of a topic then you will chime in with any material related to that topic. We will continue our verbal conversation throughout the entire fifty minutes of class then the class will be over for the day. Your homework assignment, you write inside your journal anything you want from your days activity at Antebellum House. It may be related to our class conversation or it may be related to a topic at lunchtime or it may be a mental thought inspired by a good deed. You have complete freedom of writing in this case but you are required to write a sentence, every day in your journal. Let us review that an American sentence is one noun and one verb such as I am
Ween slaps the book to the arm rest, grinning and nodding with happiness. Ya mean that I can write only one single noun and one single verb like I am on the first page then my homework assignment is done, finished, finale for the night.
Skippy nods and smiles. Yes, Master Ween, you may do just that but I strongly encourage to you that this is a personal journal of your days at Antebellum House which will only last one school session. Id like to see inside your personal journal you write about a remarkable event of your day which brings me to the second part of Journal Writing class. Tomorrow, I will randomly with no rhythm or reason select a single journal among yall. Please note I am the judge here. If I feel that the selected journal with that particular sentence structure is not suitable for a proper verbal conversation then I will select an alternate journal, then I shall read that particular sentence structure vocally to the class. This will begin our new topic debate of the day then you may participate in the vocal conversation. Quite intriguing is it not? Skippy sits and stares at the class of students. I will begin our session today. Welcome to Antebellum House, an academic, cultural, and social southern school within the great State of Alabama. You are located in the outskirts of the small city named Leed for any type of directional geographically information to our newest student belles and beaus. Dogtrot Plantation sits upon 2,800 acres of forest woodlands, cotton fields, green meadows, and red clay with its own famous mountain bluff since 1643
Male: tall, red hair, freckles, pink skin, obese, smiles. He says with excitement. Hey, thats way before the Virginia Jamestown Settlement on May 14, 1607 in the name Skippy frowns with annoyance. Master Herman is absolutely correct as well as definitely marked with one demerit. I had not reached my lecture point when I was rudely cut off by a southern redneck. An unwritten rule among southern belles and beaus, please allow the vocal speaker to finish before your rude questioning. Now I have plenty of demerits to go around the room so for the time being beware. You may add to my starting conversation, Master Herman, nods to him.
Herman says. You entered an open hallway named Dogtrot Hall. It is decorated as an open central breezeway in the middle of the main house allowing the young belles to prance about without their chaperones while waving a single gloved hand. They hold a parasol with the other at the gathered young beaus watching and observing along the patio rear, a unique feature of the Antebellum era, nods and smiles.
Sterling nosily clears his throat. In the year 1543 Captain Jon Loveless began his wet dream, chuckles with the students.
Two demerits, Master Sterling, Skippy frowns. Please continue to entertain the class with you highly significant Alabama History lesson, sir.
Sterling chuckles. Captain Loveless house was first composed of groves of red cedar logs from the near-by Leed forest woodlands. He constructed his home in the middle of a dead corn field after arriving, fighting, and killing off a small band of warriors composed of a Creek Indian tribe living around the unique single mountain peak with an elevation of 507 feet. He was both a merchant and a sailor from the country of France naming his new home after his ancestral home, Castle Dogtrot.
Constance smiles. The Loveless home was originally not built in the Greek-revival style but was surrounded by rows and rows of white cotton stalks with a great big hole in the middle of the building, allowing for air currents to cool the inner family rooms. The structure on each side of Dogtrot Plantation is a wing or garconniere which is taller than the main house giving the old plantation a very unique distinctive look like a set of three cobbled plantation homes rather than one. The west garconniere holds the beau suites while the east garconniere houses our sweet belles.
Iris Lee says. Loveless Mountain is composed of quartz crystals resulting from an upwelling of red magma from within the Earths crust during the Alleghenian Orogeny period. That was the time when the North America and North Africa continents collided. Then the red heated magma cooled and solidified to form a red top dome above the red clay dirt but when Alabama miners drilled the red dome for iron ore in the year 1723 they found oceans of pink granite inside the mountain. The same pink granite that covers the outer shell of Antebellum House today. 
Constance says. The top of the mountain in the year 1434 was a landscape of bare red rock and rock pools of steam providing a beautiful view of forest woodlands and skyline of small village of Leed when the dome was not shrouded in a heavy fog making visibility limited to a only a few feet. The mountain slopes down into a setting of green woods composed of Oak, Pine, Maple, and Cedar trees along with a rare and beauty Confederate Yellow Daisy found in which is a soft baby chick-colored yellow with a white seed instead of a dark black pit which is named Helianthus porteri. The flower grows between the hard crevices of the tinted dull red rock around the base of the mountain making the picture perfect for some, giggles with some of the girls.
Iris Lee smiles. For yalls fun and enjoyment, an interesting old southern legend tells that the Confederate Yellow Daisy brings to the finder both fortune and fianc, giggles with the girls. Yes, my little belles if ya find a daisy then ya make a jasey. A jasey is an old fashioned British noun for wig which was used sometimes over a females head during the wedding ceremony, giggles with the girls.
Senn sneers. Or pre-plotted human sacrifices of my
One demerit, Master Senn. Skippy frowns.
Constance smiles. Loveless Mountain began in the pre-history stage of the Alabama Territory which was recorded by the Native American Indians from the Creek tribe. The Indians braves pecked and chipped away the dull red rock revealing a mound of pretty granite with pieces of rock using the quartz from tips on bow arrows to jewelry. Then the European explorers came along inside the dirt of Bama with better tools punching and pitching more of the precious granite from the red dome for their man-made weapons of destruction. By the time period of the Civil War, the dome has been worn down from a mountain peak of 500 feet to 100 feet, compliments of our early curious visitors for bunches of pretty land souvenirs or tons of removal by a quarrying operation to faade Dogtrot Plantation along with the two garconnieres.
Sterling says. The European exploders learned of the mountain in the year 1597 when the Spanish explorers tattled about a mountain, very high and shiny similar to a sun set like a fire. The mountain was a historical setting in the year 1790 initiated by Andrew Jackson hoping to negotiate a peace treaty with the Creek Indians. Instead, a bow and arrow bloody war as usual ensued forcing the Creek to cede at the Treaty of Fort Jackson while surrendering the forest lands along with the red domed mountain to the State of Alabama in 1814. In the year 1863, General James H. Wilson raided his soldiers through the Confederate State of Alabama with his horses from the 8th Iowa Cavalry destroying other work buildings along with other home residences while the Yankees stayed and slept here sparing good ole Dogtrot Plantation.
Yee-haw! Ween chuckles.
Constance smiles. Now Loveless Mountain is a wondrous recreational artifact where young belles and beaus of Antebellum House enjoy the pond water for swimming or the smooth table top ledge for picnicking or the forest trials for hiking or racing on horse pack to the western slope. Yall see there is fun here along with your active academic courses.
Iris Lee says. The great manor house built of pink granite was made at the site here in Leed, Alabama and designed in the Greek-revival style constructed in 1769.
She smiles at Skippy. Im Miss Lillard and proud to hail from the northern state of Vermont. My native state uses gray granite to build throughout this great country of ours cemetery monuments, government buildings, home kitchen counters, all type of floors, some indoor furniture, and lots of outdoor birdbaths along with park benches. The granite industry contributes $75 million in annual sales to the Vermont economy since the gray granite can supply the USA for at least another 4,500 more years. Granite was first mined in the 1700s by Robert Parker a veteran of Bunker Hill and the War of 1812 gaining the commercial use of granite for the war memorials of fallen soldiers. Traditional granite was quarried by a hand saw and a very primitive blasting technique like TNT dynamic. Today, granite is mined by using a set of diamond wire saws, hydraulic drilling equipment, and water jets
You can stop any time. Effie sneers.
One demerit, Miss Effie. Skippy frowns at Effie.
Sterling says. Granite is made of biotite, plagioclase, quart and amphibole, and contains potassium feldspar ranging from light gray silver to garnet to orange to swell pale pink color depending on their chemistry and mineralogy make-up like here in Leed, Alabama. A dogtrot is also known as a breezeway house, a dog-run or for chasing a possum running from the front yard to the back grounds catching that critter before suppertime which is known as a possum-run. Ands it is a style of house that was common here in Bama in the 1500s coming from the post-Revolution War time when pioneers moved out from east coast exploring the lands. Theres a twin set of twelve steps up to the side of the front porch then a twin set of twelve steps that parallels the House exiting out into the patio rear. The House has eight columns in both the front and rear of holding up the building. The breezeway or dogtrot is in the middle under a common roof with the right side of the building used for cooking your possum and dining while the left side was used as the sitting room for cigars and whiskey for your guests or a library for studying with a set of private individual bedrooms on the second floor separating your fun from your pleasure
One demerit, Master Sterling. Please continue to entertain me and enlighten your class mates. Skippy frowns.
Sterling grins. Yes, sir, the dogtrot building is two-story high sos each room is pretty much the same square footage size of 50 feet wide that flank the open Dogtrot Hall. Each room is called an ell or shed room because it could be used for any purpose cooking, studying, praying or simply getting off, pauses and grins, for storing stuff, ya know. The breezeway is lined with a set of close low-bearing windows used to create air currents pulling the cooler outside wind into the living space which was very efficiently in the pre-electricity era of southern belles, winks at Sondra she blushes in pink.
Very good, Master Sterling. Skippy nods.
Sterling nods and grins at Skippy. Hey, does my neat history story negate them demerits?
Skippy smiles. No, you receive two more demerits for that particular question which is not part of my lecture in Journal Writing class, Master Sterling.
Dang. Sterling whispers and taps the arm rest with nervousness.
Skippy says. There is more information about the Dogtrot Plantation. Who else will share, Master Ezzard.
Zee, smiles Ezzard.
One demerit, Master Ezzard, Skippy frowns.
Ezzard frowns. A secondary characteristic of a Dogtrot Plantation is the placement of chimneys, staircases, and porches. A chimney was always placed at each gable end of the house serving one main room. For example, the dining room housed the chimney keeping the dinner guests and food warm. On the left side of the living space, the master bedroom held a chimney keeping her mistress and master warm and cozy, winks at Effie.
Two demerits, Master Ezzard, Skippy smiles at Sterling. Yall boys seem to be in tight competition running neck-to-neck like a horse race to the finish line. Im most eager to see who wins going into the Detention Isle first. Do you wish to continue explaining about the staircases, Master Ezzard?
Ezzard exhales then says. An entrance wide is located at the intersection of the dogtrot hall and front porch on both sides. Ifan you travel straight down the set of low windows your cowboy boots hit the bottom plank of the staircase that counts exactly thirteen steps then turns ya sharp to the north straight up a very high and steep staircase of thirty-six steps between a two enclosed walls. The wall separates the House from the garconniere thats haunted, chuckles with the others.
You are very lucky that your information is most accurate, Master Ezzard. Or you will regrettable be receiving another demerit. The archway is haunted with several she-ghosts but they are harmless. Sometimes, the female spirits enjoy smelling your perfume, belles remembering their long ago fun times at Dogtrot Plantation. If ya feel a slight breeze dont tarry too quickly, since Miss Peggy
Miss Piggy, Ween laughs with the others.
Theyre named after cartoon characters. Effie laughs with the others.
Skippy grins with the funny statement. One demerit, Master Ween. They are harmless, just curious. Then again, if you find a cold draft up your petticoat do not be alarmed. The lonely spirits rather enjoy taunting our belles, just for fun like the beaus. Just giggle and trot off from the staircases, dears, views his wrist watch. Our time has concluded. Please return to your chambers for freshening your soiled and sweaty bodies then advance into the dining room for lunch. I look forward to another enlightening conversation tomorrow
The students exit the room.

4:07 pm. ball room. Symphonic Band.
Good afternoon, belles and beaus. I am Master Marvin, your band teacher. Please scoot around and find your red colored place card associated with your assigned band chair and your selected band instrument. You have been assessed with your musical talents based on your academic and aptitude song talents from a variety sources including the harmonious voices of your proud parents and your high school records and instructors.
Constance fingers and frowns at the musical instrument. Im playing a harp. I dont know how to play a harp. I usually play the clarinet at my old school.
I scoot around her then see the red-colored place card with my name. I slap my butthole into the metal chair flattening the name card then gently touch the black strings on the delicate looking harp with my right index finger, pondering that I cant play it either.
Marvin directs with fingers, hands and arms standing at the podium. Please sit, beaus and belles. Please open your instrument case, assemble your instrument or softly tune your instrument with your lips or your hands or a combo of both
Constance stands and stares at Marvin frowning with a distorted face. I cant play a harp.
Marvin fingers Constance. A harp is a sideways piano with vertical silk strings instead of horizontal ivory keys. Please sit, Miss Constance. You can play the piano just use the same musical skills for the harp. Each one of you has been strategically placed around the music room as sets of related talented musicians with your related musical talents
I cant play a harp. I can play the piano, Master Marvin. Constance moans at the harp, at him and then at me.
Marvin says Miss Iris Lee with her long fingers is our pianist. Miss Lillard is our oboe player. Master Sterling is our bass drum. Miss Tancy is our sole piccolo player while Master Herman is definitely lost, when Constance sits with both palms inside her lap staring at the harp.
Im to play, Herman picks up the place card then studies the band instrument inside the stand.
.a sousaphone along with both Armistead and Lomax, nods Marvin.
I swing and view the three teens sitting on the opposite side of the room in the far right hand corner of the Music Room inside the invisible borders of the bass section which is beside the tubas and trombones. So thats a Lomax?
What? Constance gently touches the strings.
Uh, Herman plays a sousaphone. I giggle.
Better than a harp, moans Constance looking at her harp.
Herman frowns at Marvin. Sir, I can play a tuba and sousaphone. Why are there three of us. Usually, theres only one sousaphone player not three. I can be added to the tuba section.
Marvin smiles and nods. A very good observation, Master Herman. This Symphonic Band is a little different. Please sit in your assigned chair, Master Herman. Yall three boys have been selected to play the sousaphone simply because the schools sousaphones are manufactured from sheet brass in gold-plating much like the older brass instruments. I must apologize in advance here at Antebellum House. We do not own any lightweight fibreglass sousaphones. Your brass instrument is in excellent shape with the same 32-inched bell diameter of yesteryears. Yall three beaus are the tallest, strongest, and most talented band players for the heavy sousaphone. It requires a strong pair of broad shoulders and a healthy set of lungs to breathe effort needed to generate a deep resounding musical tone than their brass counterparts. Ending my long-winded dissertation sousaphones play the key of B-flat for me. A loud bonking tone of B-flat permeates inside the room when Marvin smiles. He whips the baton to left. I would like to hear a C-pitch from both flutes and solo piccolo. A tooting C-pitch tweets lovely in the air when he smiles. Excellent, clarinets and oboe gimme A-chord. A neighing A-chord sounds in the room. Excellent, saxophones play me a D-chord. A honking D-chord echoes against the walls. Excellent, trumpets, trombones play me a B-sharp. A barking B-sharp sounds in the room. Excellent, the horns and tubas do me an E-flat. A howling E-flat rattles the floor boards. Excellent, the fiddlers and guitars gimme a G-chord. A screaming G-chord whips against the windows, he stares at me. And the beautiful harmony of love from the harps, do me a F-chord. A sharp noise comes from my harp while Constance laughs when he smiles and nods. A little practice goes a long way, belles. There are two harps, seven flutes, seven clarinets, four saxophones, four trumpets, four trombones, two horns, two fiddles, two guitars, two tubas, one piccolo, one oboe, one pianist, six percussion pieces and three sousaphones. I know that each one of you can play an instrument as tattled by your sweet mama. Welcome to the Symphonic Band. We dont march around a football field during the half-time show or dance to jazz music during a Shakespeare play or even enter a spring time band competition concert band event. However we do play one song on the last hour of the last day of holiday break before yall go back home with your parents to your respective native US States for the long respite. The band component is a requirement in the Alabama under the Department of Education as an extracurricular activity beyond reading, writing and mathematics for our academic students. Well be rehearsing and playing the music sheet lounging lazy on your music stand in front of your eyeballs which is entitled Daisy Bell.
Youre shitting me. frowns Ezzard, slapping his trumpet bell upon his kneecap holding the horn vertical.
Marvin flips pages inside his musical sheets. One demerit, Master Ezzard.
I played that song when I was five years old in my piano recital. Lillard frowns with a distorted face at Marvin.
Excellent, Miss Lillard you along with the majority of the talented musicians here in this room know the lyrics and rhyme of Daisy Bell. The song was written by Harry Dacre in the year 1892. Please we will warm up our lips and tongues before our fingers and hands on the instruments. The song is very old and very known. Hum me with a C-chord. Daisy, Daisy
Master Marvin, Symole appears in the archway. May I see you for a moment please. I promise student your music maestro will return shortly, when he exits the room slamming the door.
Ezzard smiles and stands then jumps from the platform with his trumpet. He walks then kneels on his kneecap onto the floor, holding his instrument and arms then crosses them at his heart, singing in harmony. Effie, Effie give me your answer do, when the students cheer. Im half crazy over the love of you!
Armistead stands and sings. It wont be a stylish marriage
Ween stands. Since I aint ready to marriage
Herman nods and sits. I cant afford a bull whipped carriage
But your butthole will look sweet to me, sweetheart, stands and winks Lomax.
Upon my seat, right here, doll. Senn pats his chair, winking at Sondra.
 of a bicycle built for two me and you, Sondra. Sterling stands holding his drum sticks at Sondra. The other musicians clap and cheer.

5:16 pm. dining room.
I sit staring at any empty plate as Symole says. Proper table manners require that all bread is broken by your fingers or cut with a knife depending on hard or soft texture. A soft texture such as biscuits or muffins is broken in half with your fingers. A bite-sized piece is pulled from the broken half, held against the side of the bread-and-butter dish, and buttered a bite at a time. Bread with a firm texture such s sweet soft pastry or dry toast is cut in half or quartered then buttered. Hot sweet rolls and toast are buttered entirely and held by the sides of your hand. Bread sticks are made from sweet dough, not requiring butter. But if you butter then you better break off the end and butter a bite at a time, eats the bread.
Senn frowns at Symole. Watch her eat first, I grow tire of waiting while my stomach grows hungry.
Sterling leans into my lips. Why are we here?
Daddy sent me. I sip the tea. The butler shoves the platter onto my oval dish with a cup of ice chips and three shrimp.
Symole says. In a formal setting, the wine bottles are opened in the kitchen. Then the hosts glass if filled first and the host tastes the wine for approval. To avoid spills, the wine bottle is brought to the glass.
Ezzard shout and smiles. We get wine with supper.
One demerit, Master Ezzard, Symole says. During the first course, water is poured from a water pitcher which remains on the table throughout the meal. A water goblet is filled no more than three-quarters full. The butler pours the water into the goblet. Main course is filled with a combination of foods consisting of a roast, starch, vegetables and garnish. The butler presents to you the variety of sauces and condiments served in sauceboats carried on a salver. Please whisper your preference while he slaughters your delight upon the meat. The wine or in our case the red grape juice will be poured. If you do not want to taste the grape juice, please announce to the butler then he will return the wine glass and then the water is replenished. The butler fills the glass with juice. She says. The salad course is served in its own plate first then the butler will come around with a cheese tray, toasted crackers and butter served at room temperature. You whisper your preference then he will make it so. He places the two crackers on the right side of the salad plate then slices a small pat of butter below the crackers. You can use the butter from your bread but the salad butter has been perfected with acidic quality of the salad dressing complimenting the entire salad meal. Everyone has food covering the oval platter. Always watch your hostess for the visual signal to begin eating. I will pick up my salad fork located on the outside of my plate, stabbing my lettuce leaves then you will begin your mealtime. Forks on the left and spoons on the right, start at the outside and work your way toward the plate. Cut your food into one-bite-sized morsel portion at a time, chew the bite thoroughly and swallow before taking another bite. Your cracker is provided on the bread platter located on the left side of your plate. Please put butter, jam or other spreads onto your bread plate rather than slather it directly upon your cracker and buttered if you wish one sliver at a time. Do not bring an outside beverage to your table. The extra glass crowds the placement setting. When a late guest arrives for supper, table manners dictate that everyone remains seated. If the latecomer is a belle, as a courtesy, all beaus will rise and then the beau on the left of her seat assists her into the chair, very important and necessary. If you must leave the table, excuse yourself and place your napkin in your chair, not on the table. If you cant remember and place it at your seat you will receive a demerit. If you are served something you do not like it is polite to accept the food item and at least try a taste. If you possess a food allergy it is fine to decline, wipes her hands when the butler removes the tray revealing my food. Our entre is presented. Spaghetti is eaten with a fork. Ravioli is eaten with a spoon.
Sterling tosses his hands looking What, no spaghetti fork?
For spaghetti you scoop a small amount on your fork and twirl it around the fork until the loose ends are on the fork. Hold a spoon against the tines of your fork for easy whirling. The thin noodles are wound around the fork tines first. Try to pick up two or three strands with each bite to avoid a bite that becomes too large. For leverage, balance the tips of the tines against the side of the plate and wind the strands around them using a spoon to steady the fork. Inevitably, some pasta strands will still be hanging from your fork
Like my snot on a runny nose day, chuckles Sterling.
Symole says. Just quietly suck them into your mouth. This is not improper dining etiquette.
I do just that suck them boogers right back into my nostrils when I got a runny nose, chuckles Sterling.
I am going to be sick to my stomach. Stop with the side bars gross comments, Sterling..
Senn laughs. Did she just tell me that I could suck your
my dick after our spaghetti dinner. Yeah, your got good ears, sinner, chuckles Sterling.
Senn laughs. Let the sucking begin, eating his food.
Symole says. For tonight, there will be no shame or no demerit, soft tings of utensils attack the meal.

twenty minutes later. dessert course.
Symole says. The dessert course might seem easier but has its own manners. The dessert is prepared in the kitchen while the butler clears items from your placement setting that does not relate to the dessert course like nasty crumbles from your table but not your mouth, Lomax. For the pastry items a dessert spoon and dessert fork are used when eating cream puffs and clairs. The pastry is held in place with the spoon and cut and eaten with the fork. Dont attack the beast so the cream filling doesnt squirt out and land on your neighbor because you will receive your demerit and theirs. Bite-sized pastries like donuts are eating with your fingers. For a general table manner rule if you cannot eat a pastry without getting it all over your fingers then for heavens sake use a fork. Croissants are eaten with the fingers tear off small pieces and spoon on the preferred topping of jelly, preserves or butter. Danish pastry is cut in half or quartered and can be eaten with either fingers or fork. Cinnamon buns should be cut in half or quartered with a knife and eaten with the fingers until too sticky then use your fork. Table manners require that the muffin is cut in half either vertically or horizontally and butter the halves one at a time, holding the sweet bread over your plate. English muffins are split in half. Each side is spread with butter, jelly, honey or marmalade. The dessert fork is held in the left hand with the silver tines backward.
Senn whispers into my lips, smiling. That I flirt with ya, babe, when I giggle.
Symole says. The dessert spoon is held in the right hand to cut and convey a bite to the mouth.
Senn whispers. I like your lips too that be bubble gum or wild cherry lip gloss, sweetheart.
I giggle leaning into his lips. Wild cherry like your dessert.
Senn winks. Ya proposed that I might get two desserts, tonight.
Ifan ya a very good boy, I wink.
Id rather be a very bad boy, winks Senn.

8:05 pm. My bedroom.
I sit on the pillow giggling. Girl talk, whos first? We start with any boy
Lillard frowns. I dont understand the need for debate of an ancient by-gone historical in a Journal Writing class.
Tancy giggles and nods. Because this is our past lived by our great-great-great grandparents that were honoring and cherish.
Lillard frowns. My dead grandfather doesnt want to hear this malarkey.
Tancy nods. I like Ezzard. Hes tall with those cute cat whiskers. I wanna touch those whiskers with my hands.
Iris Lee laughs. Hes taken. Effies get her kitty-cat claw scratches deeper than a brush of raspberry thorns into Ezzard. Dont mess that boy! I tells ya, hon.
Really, Effie rules? Tancy frowns.
Iris Lee nods. Effie drools all over hisprivately.
Constance giggles. She performs with A-plus degree so Ive heard standing around the white grape vines yesterday. Grace loves to wiggle that tongue and loose lips during lunch. I simply dont understand how she was accepted into Dogtrot Plantation with her vicious non-belle manners.
Iris Lee smiles. I like boys that are sly and sophisticated and sexy looking. Those traits evoke confidence and masculinity.
Lillard frowns at Iris Lee. Your description definitely gives a new meaning to wordy egg-head, nods and sips her beverage.
Tancy smiles. Senn looks good, gorgeous, older, bolder, and awesome.
Youre in love mode, giggles Iris Lee.
Im in love. Tancy giggles.
Youre in lust mode, giggles Iris Lee. 
Im in lust mode too, giggles Tancy.
I bet Sondra likes Sterling. Constance winks and grins.
Iris Lee grins. I like Ezzard, a warrior man who is assertive, not nice and refine. We got good chemistry.
I giggle and nod. I like Sterling. Hes a funny guy, hot looking, tall, muscular with tacky table manners that can always been corrected a hand slap.
Constance frowns. Really, Sterling has tacky table manners with his board shoulders and sweet baldness. We could make good chemistry
Tancy nods and sneers. Ween has tacky table manners, ugly dude and uglier name
Constance nods and smiles. Saturday afternoon is our first dating encounter with the boys. Theres a hay dance then a hay ride
We dance in hay. Why do we dance in hay? Doesnt hay contain bugs? Lillard frowns with disgust.
Iris Lee nods and grins. Ween likes me. He stares at me all though Journal Writing leaning over the table then slaps my arm or whispering into my ear when something funny is said
Tancy nods and giggles. O la la, he fancies ya, girl friend. Theyre attracted to ya when they hit ya like in the first grade. I remembered the boys were tugging my curls
Iris Lee frowns. Every time the room is quiet he whispers to me useless tidbits of information.
Tancy nods and smiles. O la la, he likes ya. Hes flirting. I remembered the boys were flirting with me
Constance nods. You need to engage his flirting action with your flirting act of a southern belle play one of our silly mind games
I frown at Constance, shaking my curls. Thats stupid advise, Constance. Hell think youre a ding bat like Constance. Compliment him like his eyes or his hair or his tight T-shirt. When ya compliment his T-shirt then pull your face close to his face or his cheekbone or his lips
Constance flips her hand, giggling. Forgot that maneuver, youll get a demerit or three from any teacher then sent into the Leed forests
I thought we wanted to go into the Leed forests with a boy frowns Tancy.
With a boy, not another girl like Sondra for getting both of yall into trouble, Lillard laughs.
Constance frowns at Lillard then smiles at Iris Lee. Ya need to smile, get frisky with your sexy voice tone. Be unpredictable. When the subject gets dull, be unpredictable and switch to a new topic. Be animated. Use your eyes and hands forming visual shapes like a triangle, circle your hands, tilt your head, bat your eyelashes
Tancy nods and giggles. O la la, you need to bat your eyelashes making synergy chemistry between you and him with a secret message
What secret message? I frown.
I wanna fuck ya, big boy, winks Tancy.
I frown. Tancy!?
Constance flips her hand, smiling and nodding. Dont listen to her. Listen to me. The point of the hay wagon is a ride for two bodies, not three or four or single. The point of the hay dance is for you to point your beau for the hay ride. So be self-assured and confident and remember that sexy enough, he needs more
Tancy nods and giggles. During the dance hug him tightly then plant a light kiss his cheekbone, the right cheekbone when yall first bump breasts together kinda like old girlfriend or something. Then during the music yall laugh, joke, and flirt like crazy for the next act of kissing his soft pink cool lips, giggles with the others.
Lillard frowns. Is it going to be cold inside the hay wagons?

Wednesday. August 14th
10:04 am. Money Matters class
Floyd sits inside the writing desk, saying. 86,000 square feet of flooring; 98 rooms; 12-foot cathedral ceilings, 11-foot doors, 18 columns of pink granite; 8 chimneys break the roofline drawing smoke from the 24 fireplaces and one. What am I describing?
My granddaddys hotel
The queen of Englands castle
Another boring day in Money Matters class
Numbers.
Floyd nods and smiles. I heard the correct answer. Please repeat!
Another boring day in Money Matters class, sniggers Senn.
Master Senn receives one demerit. When you receive twenty demerits you are awarded a trip to Detention Isle. Does everyone remember that? Good. The answer is numbers. What were the years of Great Britains Queen Annes royal court?
Sterling says. The years are 1702 to 1714.
What are the years from when the Queen Annes design furniture was built?
The years are 1720-1760, smiles Sterling.
Floyd nods and smiles.  What is Art Deco?
Fugly ugly. Senn chuckles.
Floyd nods and smiles. Touch, Senn. The Chrysler Building in New York City is an example of Art Deco with straight lines and gentle curves found in modern furniture materials such as veneers, lacquered woods, clear shiny glass, and light steel. The seat upholstery is thick vinyl with the table and chair legs straight up in the air like a pair of sewing needles much like some of the fugly ugly furniture in this room. Today, were going to have some fun since no one has turned in their writing assignment from yesterday. I did not expect so with the turn of events last night. Im too busy to prepare another lecture. Therefore we have some fun today. Lets echo back and forth some favored southern sayings so anyone and everyone can participate for todays homework assignment. I will start. Do go on!
Effie slaps her breasts, nodding and giggling. Do go on about little ole me
Naw, Effie, frowns Ween.
Go hog wild.
Go off half-cocked, shotgun cocked, Sterling chuckles with the students.
Go whole hog.
Go back home, Yankee, Effie frowns at Lillard.
One demerit, Miss Effie, Floyd frowns at Effie.
Gone back home.
Got your feathers ruffled, doll, sneers Effie at Senn.
Happy as a dead pig in the sunshine., smiles Senn.
What the fuck? Ween frowns at Senn.
One demerit, Master Ween, frowns Floyd.
I got no axe to grind.
In high cotton, yall.
In a coons age.
Naw, the saying in a coons eyeball.
Like a bump on a log.
Like two peas in a pod.
Lets mend our fences, boys.
Ya shore a sight for sore eyeballs, Sondra, winks Sterling.
Ya be in my stomping grounds, Sterling, sneers Senn.
That takes the cake.
Too big for ones britches.
Dont get your pink panties in a wad, Senn, chuckles Sterling.
Two shakes of a lambs tail.
Well, shut my mouth and slap my grandmas face.
I do declare. Lillard giggles.
Well, aint them the berries.
As easy as sliding off a greasy log backwards.
Barking up the wrong tree, Sterling, snarls Senn.
Be like the old lady who fell off the wagon
or off the watch tower, a time or two, chuckles Ween.
Floyd frowns. Two demerits, Master Ween.
What watch tower? Sterling frowns at Ween.
Busy as a stump-tailed cow in fly time.
Caught with your panties down.
Caught with Effies panties down, winks and chuckles Senn.
Floyd frowns. One demerit, Master Senn.
Dont bite off more than you can chewtobacco
Dont count your chicken eggs until they hatch.
Dont let the tail wag the dog, dog.
Dont let your mouth overload your tail.
Either fish or cut bait.
Cut air.
Cut me some slack, man, dump Senn, staring at Alice.
Every person in the South waves with a hi or bye which is called being friendly. Try to understand the concept, Senn, frowns Ezzard.
Every male in the South opens a door for a lady. That applied to all women, regardless of age.
Therere three main dishes in the South: meats, vegetables, and breads. Three main spices: salt, pepper, and ketchup
God, country and football.
Amen, brother and sister.
Bless your heart, bitch, frowns Effie at Lillard.
Youre dumber than a box of rocks, Effie. Senn sneers at Effie.
I carry a pocketbook, not purse.
I drink a coke, not soda.
Im fixin to straighten your bonnet, Effie, sneers Senn.
I push a shopping cart, not a buggy.
Might could?
Put on your grown up pants and deal with it.
Its always 17,000 degrees below zero. 
Its 89 million degrees outside.
Senn stands then sounds like a female. Im irritated to death, boy, chuckles with the students.
It tickled ya to death, honey
Dumber than a door nail
Rustier than a pitch fork in the barn.
Those dang mosquitoes are eatin me up.
Hes so stupid he cant pour his own piss out of his boot with instructions written on the heel chuckles Senn with the class.
Hes madder than a wet hen.
Down yonder by the creek side, Tancy.
I reckon so, sweetie, winks Tancy at Ezzard.
There aint no sense in that.
Someone done walked over my grave when I feel a shiver.
Hows your mama and them? Because your mama always comes first...
That dog wont hunt. It means that your excuse is not good enough for your mama
North Carolina is not southern to the deep South, because of the word north
Ezzards a northern.
Southern people dont got bad grammar, we all got accents.
I live in the boondocks then drive a ways to the shopping center on Highway 72 near Buddys Grocery store
Supper is your nightly dinner. A fillin station is a gas station.
Ill carry ya there, girl.
Dont give a hoot!
Southerners are a whole lotta fun!
Howdy there!
Couch, glove box, poke sack, icebox, yard, not lawn and yarn, not story.
A ways is a distance.
Why we would feel pretty much at home down your way.
Is your kin coming today, Daddy?
Well come see yall tomorrow the Good Lord willin and the creek dont rise.
Hand me a clean washrag, Mama.
No count
Aiming to do that; bull hockey; bleeding like a stuck pig; the Good Book; mad as a hornet; doodley squat; polecat; mountain out of a molehill; knee-high to a grasshopper, iris Lee nods and smiles. And I can go on and on and on
Senn says. How about when all the biological children are called by their first name in their proper birth order? That means trouble, laughs and nods with the others.
You are in trouble, young lady
Gimme some sugar, love! That means both a kiss and a hug from your mama or your grandma
When you parents use your first, middle, and last name all together in one long sentence that means big trouble, when the students chuckle.
It means a whipping, boy, when the students laugh.
Mister Floyd smiles and nods. We have had a very intriguing class. So I will leave ya with bless my soul and lunch is served

11:03 am. drawing room. Journal Writing class.
Skippy stands in front of the pile of black notebooks representing the nightly homework assignment from the students. He swings around then hovers a hand over the pile watching the student cringe. He floats his arm over the middle then down onto the side of the pile without knowing whose notebook is perched on the edge ready to fall onto the floor. He snatches the notebook then quickly opens it, seeing. He exhales then says. I have the notebook for todays discussion. Like yesterday, I will call out the topic then anyone is allowed to comment, debate, or argue. The topic word Christopher Columbus.
Armistead smiles. Christopher Columbus wrote in this sea journal describing the Caribbean natives he encountered on his first voyage across the Atlantic Ocean. They go naked as when their mothers born them, and so do the women, although I do not see more than one girl. They are very well made with very handsome bodies, and very good countenances
Ween chuckles. Christopher Columbus, the first gay of USA.
Here, here. Senn chuckles.
Naw, dude! Sterling shakes his baldness, smiling.
Armistead chuckles. Think it, man. They landed on the Canary Islands on September 6th buzzing around open sea from their native country of Spanish for over a month thats 30 days then sailing around to the country of Cuba before heading back home around October 12th another 30 days. Thats two months with no fucking sex
Skippy frowns. Two demerit, Master Senn.
Sterling nods. Columbus landing in North America was a very bad thing for the native population. Many people dont know this. The Native American population was over twenty million before the year 1492, maybe more. Some estimates are over fifty million. There were large cities, governments, and so on. Most people think that North America was a big empty continent sparely populated by a few roaming tribes of Indians begging to be populated. Wrong-o! The introduction of all the European diseases particularly smallpox, the population was reduced from twenty million down to about 250,000 by the late 1800s. Do some reading on the subject, yall. 
Ween smiles. Christopher Columbus, the first real illegal alien of the USA.
Senn fist-bumps with Ween, chuckling. Touch, my boy.
Iris Lee says. Columbus led three ships the Nina, the Pinta and the Santa Maria out of the country of Spain by way of Port Palos on August third, 1492
Herman nods and smiles. Thats my birthday on August third...
Senn laughs. His football goal was to find the riches of gold, pearls and beer.
Lillard smirks. The myth of the American Old South is as wrong as the myth of the American Old West. Your television Hollywood-style portrays the American Old West with gun toting cowboys, brave Indians, gun shootouts, a preacher-man saving the day when in novels written by real westerns there was murder of fellow man over land or whiskey, saloon girls were not pretty but property. People struggled for bread and water and then died. In the American Old South people tend to think of the big gorgeous plantations with rows and rows of white cotton bolls and people peaking William Shakespeare sonnets. Actually in the Antebellum-era every man, woman, teen, and child worked day and night in the crop fields gathering whatever single crop the farm produced by tobacco in Virginia, cotton in Alabama or sugar in Louisiana.
Herman says. The Native American Indians of Cherokee, Creek, Chickasaw, Choctaws were driven out of town literally on naked feet from their southern homes when gold was found. Or course, there was also the fake Indian gold too leading white settlers to greed and destruction along with the Indians.
Lillard smirks and nods. The American Old South was like Great Britain of today. There was no middle class only the rich nobles of knights and ladies then the other people. The other people were the indentured slaves who used on the farm performing free labor and back breaking work without just payment for labor but their crimes or freedom. This was the basic of the United States of America after the Revolutionary War of 1776.
Senn sneers. I dont begrudge any person there say so but I do begrudge any person who trashes my country that I love, leaning around his chair at Lillard along with some other faces.
Ween smiles. The upcoming war of liberation.
Iris Lee says. People are liberated by killing other people for petro oil, for nuclear weapons, for religion martyr
Senn nods. Lincoln was just another politician nothing more, nothing less.
Herman nods. My great-great grandfather was a block aid runner.
Senn says. War is a barometer of human brutality.
Tancy smiles and nods. I think we should talk about the New South. I think there are many positive things to be said for it. People tend to be more polite, they seem to know their neighbors, and they will help them if they are in need. The scenery is gorgeous, and the food is also fantastic.
I say. Everyone recruited to fight for a cause, a lost cause. Any war is a lost cause.
Ween smiles. War is a noble cause.
Ezzard exhales then says. This country will be drenched in blood and God only knows how it will end. It is all folly, madness, a crime against civilization as told by William Tecumseh Sherman on December 24th in the year 1860. 
I nod. War leaves behind a myth then the books, plays and movies make it glamorous. No one likes to gossip about the suffering and pain and amnesia of war. Why is that?
The Bible tells me so, laughs Ween.
Tancy says. Each side of war creates its own story and monsters and heroes which are all untrue only the dead know the truth.
Senn says. Dixie was a northern song.
Ween nods. War is a noble cause.
I say. The carpetbaggers were former Union soldiers looking to resettle into a new life in the destroyed South. Therefore we were all Americans once again.
Bullshit. Ween sneers.
Skippy frowns. One demerit, Master Ween.
Constance says. In the Civil War, a surgeon was the worst post. The greatest invention was anesthesia chemical chloroform around the 1850s. Queen Victoria was given an anesthetic during her childbirth in the year 1853. Physicians could use chloroform to knock someone out before removing the bullets or amputate a limb.
Iris Lee says. War is presented as the bestest and quickest solution for all side.
Ezzard says. The War of 1812, the Civil War, World War I, World War II, the Vietnam War, the Korean War, the Gulf War, the  Iraq War, the Afghan War...
Ween smiles. Cooler heads, soft lips and swifter pen
Constance says. At the Battle of Bull Run in Washington, folks watched the fighting while eating on a hillside even Jefferson Davis was there having fun. However when the battle got bad everyone ran away back home. Everyone thought the war be over in a matter of days or weeks, instead four long bloody years.
Herman says. War is not quick, glorious or exciting.
War is dirty, death and profit, nods Senn.
Herman nods. My great-great uncle served in the 18th Georgia infirmary living through the Civil War. He returned home to a devastated economy and then moved to Texas. Im from Texas, yall.
My great-great grandaunt was told not to speak of the Civil War, says Iris Lee.
Ween nods. We Americans fight because we feel that the cause is worth dying for and remember the fighters serviced to the cause and honor the bravery and loyalty.
Senn says. I have many pure feeling of loyalty towards my home, my family, and my brothers.
Herman says. My great-great-great uncle died at Fredericksburg in the Civil War.
Tancy says. My great-great-great Uncle was a Union solider in the 9th New York Artillery. He fought at the Battle of Antietam and survived to come home. He told his parents about the true horror of war.
Senn nods. The true horror wreaked on the entire world by a megalomaniacal leader was named Hitler in World War II. Every man, woman, and child saw and suffered cruelly beyond any humans vivid imagination.
Ezzard says. War is hell for every body including man, woman, and child of every race.
No exceptions, we are the human race. Effie nods.
War is truly about hate. It has nothing to do with race. Constance says.
Iris Lee says. We are a mixture of faces but our genetic coding bleeds into each one of us.
Constance says. I hope one day that humans will end all the horrible wars and all the terminal disease and the terrible poverty that we will unity together the human race.
Skippy nods and smiles, Time for lunch.

7:06 pm. belle parlor room.
I sit next to Lillard admiring her yellow plantation gown and matching gloves. She continues to eat wearing her gloves after Effie made that nasty comment. We sit and smile with Iris Lee, Constance and Tancy on the other loveseat sofas.
Constance smiles and says, holding her teacup. I am enjoying our new school. I was very suspicious of my parents at first. But I must admit I enjoy the varied courses without the academic deadlines of writing essays and setting up chemistry sets. Lillard sips on the tea then coughs. She wipes the snot from her nose then smiles at me. I nod then sip my tea as Constance sips her tea and nods. Chemistry sets are for younger children in elementary school. We are almost adults who will be attending college next year. And I enjoy the freedom of expression in the Journal Writing class. It is a breath of fresh air. Lillard sips on the tea then coughs. She wipes her eyeballs with her glove then smiles at me. I nod and sip my tea. Constance says. However I dont understand the need for needlepoint class. I know that my great-grandmother did needlepoint too. But I will purchase the needlepoint items if I desire, nods then sips her tea.
Lillard sips then tea then holds her throat. I frown then sip my tea. Lillard drops her teacup when it spills over the table and tings against the glass surface. She stands, gasping and turning bright pink. I stand and slap her back muscles when she coughs then gasps then coughs. Lillard falls backwards onto the sofa holding her neck, not breathing.
Symole runs across the room, gasping and saying. Out of way! Out of my way, she kneels over Lillard, studies the face and then views the teacup. I am afraid the tea bags are not fresh. Lillard is dead from drowning.
I gasp and slap my teacup across the room then stare at poor Lillard.

Thursday. August 16th
11:24 am. Journal Writing class.
Iris Lee says. Southern women were of equal status to southern men in the pinnacle of Southern aristocracy.
Ween shakes his skull. Naw.
Constance says. Each plantation had a unique system of law, money and compliance of social rules since the plantation was the most basic unit of life in the Old South.
Effie nods. The southern mistress of the manor represented the feminine power within their homes and in their communities, even today, a southern belle struggles within her own home much less the vicious community, claps with the belles.
The female power to clean the house is also commonly termed the housewife, the domestic sphere of reality, Effie. Ezzard laughs with the beaus.
Constance says. The outside view of the southern gentleman was corruption, immorality, manipulation, maybe defeatism which balanced the southern ladys inner view of morality, religion, welfare, caring
She was the mother of the child and cleaner of the toilet bowl, a pretty good combo for a broad, Senn nods and chuckles with the beaus.
Her southern plantation husband supported her both legally and financially like now the American woman in the 21st century as then in the Antebellum period holds no power, period. Exclamation mark, three times, Ween nods and chuckles with the beaus.
Senn says. A southern belle embodies the ultimate housewife, free labor, domestic duties, and babies, chuckles with the beaus.
Armistead says. Face it girls, the mythical southern mistress exists only to elevate her status equal to her southern man, laughs with the beaus.
Boo, says Constance.
Hiss, says Effie.
Go to hell, Ween. Iris Lee frowns.
Skippy frowns. One demerit, Miss Iris Lee.
Good one, buddy! Ween fist-bumps with Armistead, laughing.
Constance nods. I would debate that the southern man uses his southern belle as a symbol of their status such like beauty, charm, and money only to show off his masculinity against the lovely more demeanor feminist model, claps with the belles.
Senn frowns. Fuck off, Constance.
Skippy frowns. One demerit, Master Senn.
Iris Lee says. Upon further examination, a woman role of the maternal guardian cares for the well along with the sick, organizing the family for fun activities from school to church and supports her loving husband while baring the sole responsibility of preserving the family unit, claps with the belles.
Well spoken, Iris Lee, Effie nods and claps.
Ezzard smiles. Actually, I believe along with some other true Southerns that the South never died, never surrendered, never ended with the wind of farting stories
Boo, says Ween.
Senn frowns. What side are ya taking, Zee?
Sterling smiles. I believe like my daddy that the South will continue to persist, to pursue, to piss off
One demerit, Master Ezzard, Skippy frowns.
Ween nods. The South will prosper like now and like then as our US Economy tanks deeper into the shitty sewer treatment plant faster than a rocket ship into outer space. For those folks that lack faith yall just get out of the way and watch. The end for yall, laughs.
Effie smiles. Back to the topic of the day, a southern belle, yall. She is a beautiful pampered young girl gracefully gliding on her satin slippers towards the fancy ball wearing an elegant ankle-length taffeta gown. She is coy, willful, selfish, and well educated in the subjects of reading, writing, arithmetic, music, art, and the foreign languages as well as totally dependent on the men in her life. Who is she?
Ween shouts. Queen Cleopatra.
Iris Lee says. She learns to sew and to do needlework as part of her formal education since her wardrobe attire is hand-sewn preparing her for marriage. She is the southern bell.
I say. When the southern bell married in the old antebellum era she had an easy but busy life of being the mistress of the plantation. Her duty was the responsibility for all household matters
Ween laughs. The first housewife, geez, a married girls life has never changed since the beginning of time
Iris Lee says. Her second duty was subservient to her husband making a true southern lady with virtuous, self-sacrificing, and passive traits. She was the perfect hostess organizing the lavish balls that were part of the social life of the time sorta like now days for any charity event. However, before marriage, the rules of society dictated a young girls manner maybe fate being out of eyesight of her parents, the southern belle always had a chaperone, always followed the strict protocol, always stringent virtuous and always obeyed her parents.
Constance nods. The courtship procession was both slow and guarded. If the slightest eyeball look from a young beau of impropriety then the belles innocent pure reputation was indeed ruined.
Ween laughs. Indeed.
I say. Proper social manners and etiquette was a must in the proper society and any deviation was frowned by the old pen hens along with an embarrassment of the family name.
Iris Lee nods and smiles. The southern belle has never ceased to exist and continues here at Antebellum House like her elegant and graceful mama before her, claps with the belles.
Effie says. A southern belle never shows her anger in public, because ya curse at him inside the parlor room, laughs with the others.
Skippy frowns. One demerit, Miss Effie.
I say. All the thank you notes are written rapidly by the southern belle to show both your graciousness and appreciative southern manners.
Effie smiles. A southern belle never chews strawberry bubble gum or smoke cigarettes in public. Use the powder room, girls, laughs with the others.
Another demerit, Miss Effie, frowns Skippy.
Constance winks at me. A southern belle will act so helpless and confused when it is to your disadvantage. Right, Ezzard?
Fuck off, Constance, Effie frowns and yells.
Another demerit, Miss Effie, frowns Skippy.
I wiggle my finger, smiling. Be very careful with whom you talk about to who since here in the South we are all blood-kin from one side of the family tree, giggles with the others.
Skippy nods and smiles. That is a very, very good point, Miss Sondra.
Never let them boys know how smart and clever you are, darling just charm, charm, charm that dang serpent, giggles Iris Lee.
Skippy nods and smiles. I am very impressed with the unspoken and unwritten rules of a southern belle.
Constance nods. In the modern times many folks feel that the ways of the southern belle is dying away. This is the exact creation of Antebellum House to re-enact, re-instill and re-teach a set of time honored traditional old-fashioned ideas of being a southern young lady in our modern society. Your mama and her mama were all taught to stand proud and exhibit charm, grace walking, talking, and acting like a southern belle and most likely was send here to become a southern belle who possesses grace, manners, honesty, integrity, refined, virtue, sweet, respectful
Arrogance, nods Ween.
One demerit, Master Ween, Skippy frowns.
Iris Lee smiles and says. My mama is a true southern belle with lots of different interests besides raising me. She makes jewelry from dirt gem rocks, reads a book a day, and cooks all the familiar southern foods while charming her family and friends with her sweet Southern ways.
Tancy smiles and nods. My Mama is a true southern belle who is beautiful, smart, and built like me with big ya know and a wide ya know what. She looks pretty, walks pretty, and talk pretty with her southern accent and handles the money, the house, the kids and dont mind kicking off their three-inched high heels to change their own car tire on the SUV which she did last summertime, giggles with the others.
Constance smiles. My southern mama has a masters and bachelors degree in Biology, graduated from Medical School. She loves art, paintings, and does her own art crafts with her family and her church and is involved in the music ministry at our church.
Well eating fried chicken for lunch. Did one of you southern belles make it today? Naw, laughs Armistead with the other beaus.
Constance nods. We are challenged and have accepted that the old stuffy society rules of 1861 have expanded to allow more freedom to women now. Today, the southern belle is still responsible for the house, the kids, and the bank account, giggles with the belles. The southern beau performs the yard work and house repairs instead of dashing off with his gun to battle the enemy or battle that deer, giggles. I propose that the southern belle is and will always be alive and well taking care of her meal, her man, and her manners.
Ween smiles. Beans, peas, squash, onions, berries, nuts, cabbages, yams, wheat, oats, peanuts, okra, black-eyed peas, tomatoes, rice, oranges, melons, chocolate, southern women were the great gardeners, hunters, fishers, and cookers that survived the Civil War and the Great Depression up until now, laughs with the beaus.
Ezzard says. Thomas Jefferson was the formal governor of Virginia and the minster of France during George Washingtons term as president brought back from the country of France vanilla extract, olives, and olive oil from Italy, waffles from Holland, wines from France along with recipes for ice cream and meringues.
Im hunger. Sterling laughs.
Tancy smiles and nods. The famous southern rich golden pound cake is actually from the country of Great Britain going back to 1700s. The southern recipe is one pound of butter, sugar, eggs, and flour.
Im allergy to eggs. I do not eat pound cake, says Armistead when the others laugh.

12:09 pm. lunchtime. dining room.
I sit with another empty platter of no food between Senn and Sterling mewing for lunch as Symole says. A soup spoon is oval-shaped like the bowl making it an easy sup from the tip. Tilt the bowl away from you and push your spoon away from you with each bite, brushing the clear or pureed soup from the side. To avoid spills the soup spoon is filled no more than two-thirds full. A fish knife is used to separate the soft flesh of the catfish from the body rather than to cut a bite using your dinner fork.  The handle of the fish knife is held in the right hand towards the end of the shank, between the thumb pad and the first two fingers similar to holding a steak knife. The tip of the blade is used to fillet the fish lift the skeleton from the body and ferret out small bones. Southern table manners provide that the fish fork is held in the left hand much like cutting up your T-bone steak. For chicken, you remove the meat from the bone with a knife and a fork and then eat it one bite at a time. For cow or pig ribs you scrape the meat off of the ribs with your knife but still use our fingers.
Senn chuckles. What are we eating today? Soup and catfish? Soap and chicken? Soup and ribs?
Sterling laughs. All of it

4:14 pm. ball room. Symphonic Band
I pluck on the single string, focusing on the note, grinning. I think I got the note singing pretty good. Listen to me ping the B-chord, Constance, giggles then ping the musical note.
Constance covers her ears then giggles as Marvin stands over my hair roots, clearing his throat. A little too sharp, your hands are positioned correctly. You need to press the right pedal for the sharp half note then you have the correct musical pitch, Miss Sondra.
I exhale and nod, planting my hands on the strings, place my shoe on the pedal. Marvin nods and smiles. You are in position. Please play a series of notes in ascending order that presents the pitches of a key beginning and ending on the tonic of that key. One, two, three play, when I fling the string. The piercing sound rattles my eardrums as I drop my mouth jerking my hands from the awful racket of my harp playing.
Herman fall down, Master Marvin, the girl fingers the opposite room.
I turn to see three chairs, three boys, and three instruments scattered over the floor. Marvin swings to the sousaphone section, walking across the room, huffs. My word, we have an accident. Boys, what happened? Please get off the floor. If any one of you busted that expensive musical instrument then your parents will be compensating us
Armistead slowly stands scooting the sousaphone from the floor. I didnt do anything, Master Marvin. Herman fell on top of me then I fell on top of Lomas then we all came tumbling down like the walls of Jericho..., chuckles with the others.
Marvin frowns then squats on the floor. Move out the way, boys. Take your instrument into the instrument room and check for any broken pieces while I attend to Master Herman, views the teen. Master Herman, please stand
The boy shakes on Herman. Hes not moving, Master Marvin. He looks trapped underneath the sousaphone.
Marvin frowns then squats. Help me move the sousaphone, hands grabs on the instrument. Master Herman, are you injured? Go and get the physician from the first cottage outbuilding, Ween. Ween nods and exits the room. How did that happen? Master Herman, please crawl out from underneath the horn
The girl screams then turns, running from the ball room.
I gasp seeing Hermans head bent even with his collar bone.
Marvin gasps. My word, Herman is dead

Thursday. August 16th
9:36 am. needlepoint class
I stare at the canvas of white pondering my live here at Antebellum House. I have to do something to figure what is happening here. I know what to do and I will hostage Senn and Sterling for my noble deed.
I giggle and stare at the canvas.

10:10 am. library room. Money Matters class
I stand then move to one of the longer and wider writing tables slamming my paper notebook. I exhale then drop my face, rubbing my eyelashes in the room. I exhale then view the book stakes of ancient torn stinky brown manuals. My eyeballs track around the room then stop. I feel four warm fingers on collar bone attached to the baritone voice. He chuckles. Why ya doing in here, pumpkin?
Im doing my homework assignment sos I can be Lady of Honor tomorrow.
He slaps my collar bone again for fun with a gently touch. No one elses in here. Come on lets do something fun and entertaining for an hour before Journal Writing class where we dont actually write, chuckles.
I stand then pull the old book, open it, studying the hand writing. One of the books from my great-great-great granddaddys world of 1828 with some shitty hand written and poorly visual proper names of the folks. The real bank checks to Antebellum House in black ink that has now turned more like a light turd-looking yellowish-brown when I get sick from eating too much colonel corn candy. Ifan thats a color on the pin wheel chart since I can hardly read the names.
Lets go strolling for some wild flowers behind the outhouses in the rear of house
I cant find the proper names Mary Margaret Hackworth, William Earl McDaniel, Jefferson Anthony Quinn and Montgomery Jonathan Sutton. Master Floyd says that they are really patrons here at Antebellum House.
Come on Sondra lets walk around the lawn and eat some fruit from the blooming trees 
I shake my curls. No Sterling, the point of school is to learn. I have to learn something, slaps the book shut then reaches for another one. I wink at him. Do you have the box answers for Money Matters class, dear
He winks. Maybe!?
I drop my mouth. Youre donedone with all your homework assignment?
He winks and chuckles. Maybe!?
Can I copy it?
He frowns. No.
Why not?
He drops his mouth. The Lady of Honor dont cheat, Sondra.
Right good point, Sterling. I guess that sheme suffers for the answers.
Sterling back steps into the space of the room swinging his hips and chuckling. Lets dance since ya dont want to leave the library. Take a break!
I grab three books pressing into my breasts, walking towards my writing desk then slam the books onto the surface. My homework
He chuckles and touches each chair for fun. A room full of mismatched furniture, this chair is a Queen Anne bow leg design built in 1702. I thought that we didnt get any academic grades here at Antebellum House
I exhale scanning the first book. We still have to pass all our academic subjects for entrance into college
This here is a Chippendale straight leg framework from the year1760
She exhales flipping though the book. How do you know so much about furniture?
I read and I like to read. I like you. I rather find Antebellum House a bit of a mystery. The main house features fine furniture, precious porcelain, shiny silver, costly crystal and gleaming glassware from Hepplewhite 1799 tapered table legs to a plain table pine writing table to a Rococo Revival furniture of 1850 white marble table tops. This place is strange and pretty at the same time. Are ya curious, honey?
No, Im curious in the answering the Money Matters questions.
Sterling scans the room then picks up the book. This here library holds over 2,000 books ranging from entertainment novels of adventure, romance, mystery, murder to history, English, geography, and other school text reference books. Yet, no one comes in here to read or study, views the windows. Everyones to busy without something else, exhales. I can help ya, Sondra. I did mine homework assignment. Its all finished, scoots into the writing desk, chuckling with me.

10:03 am. Journal Writing class.
Skippy studies the mound of black notebooks then reaches for the single one on top. He gently pulls it from the heap without sending the hill of manuals towards the floor. He flips opens the page brushing to the fifth day of the week, the last day of academic classes before the big social event on Saturday afternoon. He frowns then grins, gently spinning around. He says. Pure race, the chosen word for today.
Silence invades the class.
Theres no such concept as a pure race, Constance frowns with puzzlement.
Ween nods. Aint no such thing as a pure race.
 You mean rich kids like us, frowns Senn.
Ezzard nods. I think it means like a concentration camp of prisoners like during any type of war when peace doesnt set well for the enemy. For example during World War II the Japanese-Americans were housed in a concentration camp making them like a pure race.
I nod. Add the Native American Indians to the early reservations, another newly invented concentration camp of a pure race
Cooler heads, soft lips and swifter pen, says Ween then chuckles.
Ween says. Christianity has always served to justify the murder and execution of every race of people. Look it up inside the Bible.
This is not a philosophical debate with God. We all loved and acknowledged by God and his son Jesus. Open that as a new subject topic of discussion, Master Ween.
Pure race is the rights and beliefs and ways of life of themselves, their loved ones and neighbors who respect by their nation like America, Iris Lee says.
A pure race exhibits full equality, no violence, no evils, Tancy says.
A pure race treats a person with respect. I say. Here, here!
A necessary evil, laughs Ween.
It is loyal with strong belief and ideas, especially the protection of family and friends who is worth protecting with your gun and life. Amen!
Yee-haw! Sterling smiles.
Amen! Ezzard says.
A pure race is a fairy tale like the science of genetics, says Ween.
Look at the genetic contribution of the Easter Island population in the Pacific Ocean, says Ezzard.
Iris Lee nods. My mama did a genetic test. She found out on her side of the family that the DNA testing comes from a male in the Middle East, not her Welsh grandfather.
Tancy tosses her blonde hair and fingers her brown eyes. Im Finnish. The Finnish people have brown-eyed blondes like me.
Black or white colored skin dont matter, since we are all a mix of tangled genetic inheritance based on the Bible, common sense and genetics. Sterling says.
If we ended wars, disease, and poverty then we could a pure race of humanity. I say.
Sterling says. Human beings are the pure race. We should all pretend that therere different cultures or colors or races or sexes. Yeah!
Iris Lee smiles. I do declare that there are no differences in races. We are a pure race of humans.
Constance nods. In testing of genetics on sick patients we learn that we are the same skin, bones and blood. All blood is red, not green. Bones are all white, not black. Tissues are pink along with our organs.
Ezzard says. The Hobbits species found in Indonesian and the Homo sapiens found in Africa interbred and shared their blood and guts making a new species, us.
Senn nods. And if those groups shared genes then we are part of them too.
Tancy nods. I read that East Asian females were more prone to the osteoporosis disease being genetic.
Every single human being today has a Homo sapiens ancestor living in sub-Saharan Africa, the first home of the Homo sapiens
Ween smiles. Abraham Lincoln was another politician, nothing more, nothing less. Scientific research is nothing more and nothing less than bunk.
Constance frowns. Scientific research is not bunk.
Armistead chuckles. Okay, my daddy is Irish and my mama is Indian, what am I?
An idiot, Armistead. Ween laughs with the others.
Senn laughs. The Irish men have enormously thick skulls for arm and face boxing which leads to slow thinking. Is that your career, Armistead?
Iris Lee says. Im Sweden. Swedes have a mixture of Asian genes too.
Tancy says. The best measurement is clinical for a pure race. When a patient has a heart attack, a certain race leads the disease thus creating a new race mixture, if ya will which could help resolve some of the problems associated with genetic differences.
Ezzard nods. We are genetic different, not racial different.
Ween frowns. Aint no such thing, Ezzard. 
Armistead frowns. Someone sounds like a little Hitler.
Senn nods. Continental ancestry ties race to geographic area.
Constance nods. Our ancestors had tied race to a plot of land. Landmasses do not produce children. People do. If you define the race by genes rather than ethnicity and prejudice, all the lines disappear making on race, not a pure race.
I smile. We are related to one another if we could trace our family tree back to Africa, one race.
Tancy says. The scientists should test all of us for our mixture of races then there would no more black, yellow, white, or olive skin tones.
Skippy nods and smiles. An excellent job, teens! It is time for lunch.

6:01 pm. dining room.
I note that the butlers circle around the dining room toting a small tray holding a coffee pot and a tea pot refilling the empty cups as the student body gossips about the days event. I whisper into Senns eardrum. Meet Sterling in his suite in ten minutes, Senn
But my dessert...
Ten minutes, not fifteen in ten minutes.
Can I eat your dessert, Sondra?
Shore and be upstairs in Sterlings room in ten minutes.
O.k, eats the pecan slice.

6:15 pm. Sterlings bedroom.
Sterling slams his hands around his jacket searching for the key when the door creaks open. He hears girly giggling then the door splits open. I grab his sleeve than jerk Sterling into his room. He drops his mouth.
Im dressed in one of the chambermaids uniform with a black cap covering my skull and hair. I wear the ankle-length black dress without any jewels the Dogtrot Plantation staff then toss the second chambermaids uniform at Sterling. Get dressed! We got maybe thirty minutes tops before the real staff comes around for their inspection of the evening.
Sterling stares at the pile of clean chambermaid clothes at his boot toes. Naw, I aint wearing a chambermaids uniform. Naw, Sondra, I aint dressing like a fucking girl.
Do it! I exhale and nod.
Naw. Sterling shakes his baldness when the knock sounds at the door.
I gallop to the door then jerk Senn into the room. Senn enters then halts, laughing. I spin around, sneering. Both of yall get dressed now before I bloody your damn aristocrat nose holes. This is our only opportunity to raid Effies room since shes traveling by horse and carriage to Loveless Mountain for her detention punishment of six hundred demerits, frowns with puzzlement. How many demerits do you get before ya visit the mountain?
Senn winks. Depends on the last violation, ifan its bad or very bad
Sterling frowns with puzzlement. How ya know that, Sondra and Senn?
Senn smiles and nods. Sondras right on both accounts, Effies not in her room. Shes got detention with Ween. I wondered when the little weasel would go Loveless Mountain. He disrupts and disinterrupts every single class with his obnoxious mouth and six feet seven arm span. So we gots one shot. Get dressed, Sterling, strips off his jacket and shirt. He tosses the dress over his naked chest, straightening the long skirt, chuckling.
Like a girl, no fucking way! Sterling frowns at the pile of girly clothes.
Senn touches Sterling on his collar bone then smiles in a girly timber. You look cute, Sterling.
Sterling shrugs his shoulders walking away from Senn. Fuck off, man,
Senn laughs stuffing his hair inside the tight chambermaid cap. Shut it, Sadie! Before I carries ya out into the woodshed for a whipping, missie, chuckles with Sondra.
I park near the door opening it occasionally scouting the hallway for beaus, teachers or chambermaids. I close it then stare at Sterling. Hurry up, Sadie! I giggle. We gotta do this now.
Senn holds the dress as Sterling moans removing his jacket and shirt, saying. Im keeping my boots on. No one walks around without his boots
Senn nods. I agree. Get dressed! We truck down the steps then run around the back lawn towards the belle garconniere entrance door.
I open the door seeing it clear then close the door. I shake my cap. No, we go by way of the belles parlor Room up the
The staircase, its haunted, Senn frowns at me as Sterling struggles in the dress over his board shoulders.
I swing to Senn, nodding. Yes, I know that.
Naw. Sterling moans sliding the chambermaid cap over his baldness.
Senn swings to me. Yes, the staircases really haunted. No belle or beau is brave enough to tromp up the steps including the older girls and especially me.
Sterling laughs. Chick shit, ya dont wanna ever fuck a chick shit, Sondra, smiles at his reflection in the mirror. The chambermaid cap covers his baldness sliding over his eyebrows. The dress is too long but it covers his boots.
Senn nods. So we go around the front porch.
I park both hands on my hips, shaking my cap. No, the house staff is doing their jobs along the front porch and the side porch and along the Dogtrot hallway. We will be seen and questioned why were out of place. So we go up the haunted staircase
Sterling swings then shoves on Senn. The staffs doing their jobs. We need to do our job and finish our mission. Get moving, turkey. Me, first, Sterling leans out the open doorway looking in both directions of the hallway for any curious wandering beaus. Empty. They are enjoying supper. He was forced by Sondra and the mission to abandon dessert. But he has provided for that absenteeism by hording bags and boxes of junk food compliments of kitchen staff. He slowly stands then stomping his boot into the hallway then trips on the long dress when Senn grabs Sterling from falling. Thanks, man.
I exhale. Move it, Sadie. I lead, cuts around the two wussies padding towards the staircase. I lift the hem of my dress. 
Senn follows behind Sondras ass heading towards the staircase too. He hikes the dress up to his kneecaps showing off his ostrich cowboy boots, bouncing along the hardwood floor. Sterling copy-cats and catches up with him, whispering. How ya knowhow ya walk in a dress, dude?
I gots two older sisters. Im the baby of the family. I enjoyed playing house, man.
Gawd, with your sisters?
They be my true evil twin step-sisters who enjoyed playing house, too.
Gawd, your mentally unstable, man.
Sometimes. Senn sniggers.
I shake my skull overhearing their nasty banter then flop my sneakers onto the flooring and stop. I listen for any sound or movement from the beaus parlor room. Quiet. Everyone is still consuming dessert inside the dining room. I whip my face around the corner for a visual inspection as Senn slams both hands into my ass, chuckling.
I exhale then hike the dress to my kneecaps and gallop across the breezeway with Sterling and Senn on my dress tail as we race down the wall of windows since the belle parlor room is empty as well.
I glide up the two steps then stop staring into darkness of the enclosed two-sided staircase as Sterling and Senn surround me breathing shallow from their fear too. They view the dark tunnel too. Sterling whispers. Go, Sondra, ya got the lead.
Its haunted. I pant with fear not moving.
Shit! I go first follow me. Haunted, my ass. Sterling stomps upon the third step as Dogtrot Hall howls from the windy air currents of a hot June evening in Alabama flowing through the outside breezeway. He tromps upon the sixth step when all the thirteen overhead modern lamps attached to the staircase ceiling swiftly blink off for one second in unison then rapidly come back on with brighter illumination. Senn chuckles behind my cap. I stare at the ceiling as my heart drops down into my neon green painted toe nails then I look at Sterlings rear skull. Sterling curses loud enough for the she-ghosts to hear. Shit! Haunted, my ass, stomps upon the eighth step.
Senn grabs my shoulders hugging me into his chest when I feel his rapidly beating heart. He pushes me towards the steps as we march up the steep incline of twenty-six more steps. A right horizontal flowing light breeze tickles my nose tip when a left horizontal breeze attacks Senns exposed neck muscles. He stops snarling at the portrait of Margaret Mary Summerville who was the fourth Head Mistress of Dogtrot Plantation in the year 1678.
I whisper. Haunted.
Senn shakes his cap narrowing his eyelids at the picture, studying the details then comments. Ya know I think, when the loud boom sounds from the walls then startles us into running. We see Sterling dancing a jig on top of the staircase, wiggling his finger pads, waving both his hands for us to approach. Senn lifts me between my armpits carrying me up the remaining steps.
Sterling grabs my wiggling fingers then tucks me into chest. Move it, now. Where do we go next?
Senn busts us apart with his hands, fuming with fury. We be the fucking maids, yall not a set of lesbians on summer vacation in the mountains. Spread out like a working staff maid, one arm span apart, wheres her room, Sondra?
Effies room is down on the third level. I finger the staircase leading down into the beautiful gardens, a circular swimming pool, three rows of horse stables and other outside brick buildings at Dogtrot Plantation.
Senn takes the lead hiking the dress to his kneecaps showing off his cowboy boots again as I giggle marching beside him. Sterling joins our horizontal row. We stomp down to the third level even with the platform searching for her name over the threshold door. I stop in front of her private door then pull my screwdriver.
Senn touches her name plate EFFIE, frowning with puzzlement. Yalls names are over the door.
Some belles are pretty dumb. I jerk the screwdriver between the old latch and door frame, wiggling it.
Senn chuckles. Well, Ill only take my pick of the pretty but dumb ones, anytime day or night. Ya want one, Sterling?
Sterling watches Sondra scratching on the tight dress. Shut it, man.
Whos both pretty and dumb, Sondra? Senn grins bouncing into her ass.
Sterling asks. Wheres her key?
I say. On her person at Loveless Mountain.
O screwdriver, ya can hot wire a door, Sondra, chuckles Sterling.
I can click then clank the mechanic bolt up and then to the right, the door creaks open. As the door creaks open, giggles when Sterling enters first. Senn blocks the wide archway for fun from me which is the twice the size of a standard house door to accommodate the pretty antebellum plantation dress and three hidden crinolines from causing a speedy accident. I slam his shoulders. Move inside, Senn! I swing around surveying the hallway. Empty! Then I gently close the door. Sterling attacks the wardrobe closet for the hidden item.
Senn veers to the clothing armoire. What we looking for?
Effies diary from our Journal Writing class. I touch the items on her desk: laptop, pencil, pen or paper.
Senn opens the drawers, touching the items, smiles. Diary? There aint nothin inside her diary. No one writes anything in that book worth saving or stealing.
Dude, just because you write every damn day inside your personal diary: I greatly dislike this. That doesnt mean that all the other folks are as slow and stupid as you fool. Sterling yells then chuckles inside the closet.
I swirl towards the side nightstand near her bed. Back to your search, Senn and shut the fuck up, Sterling.
Just being honest, yall. Senn chuckles.
Just being beaten, yall behind the carriage shed, laughs Sterling.
Have you got anything, Sterling. I skim my hands over her bedspread in case she sleeps with it.
Why ya girls need so many hats? Sterling appears at the closet doorway wearing a flop hat of pink covering his eyebrows and eyeballs holding a tiara. But I do like the crown.
Steal it. Senn touches the clothing items.
No, do not steal, I view Senn then drop my mouth What the hell are you doing, Senn? Senn holds a pair of Effies panties in the design of blue and white stripes with a white bow to his nose, sniffing like a puppy dog as I holler. Put that back.
Senn sniffs the panties then smiles. Its a silk throng, smells like lavender perfume. Pretty too, ya want a sniffy poo, Sondra? he extends the blue throng to me.
I growl. No, put it back.
Senn holds two different throngs in the air, smirking. Naw, I like throngs. I just dont know if I want the demur angel blue and white one or the sexy hot pink and black one. This smells like lavender too. Sondra, do you use lavender body wash too?
Sterling exits the closet, smirking and nodding. Nothing there, Sondra. I want the blue one, dude. Senn hands the throng to Sterling, smiling. Sterling accepts the wad of blue, smiles then sniffs the fabric to his nostrils then gently tucks it into the chambermaids wrist purse.
I exhale balling my fists. Ugh, a pair of juvenile boys.
Senn touches the rest of her clothing. Nothings here but more silk panties and bras.
Do not steal her bra. I growl searching the floor.
I like my belle tits naked not covered. Senn closes the drawers, smiling.
I stand, exhaling. Thats good to know. I smirk and lift the pillows.
Senn tucks the stolen pair throng into his boot talking to my rear skull. I can gives ya a list of my belles favored attributes before we fuck making our love connection romantic and sexy
Sterling slams his fist into Senn when Senn sails into the furniture without a nose bleed. Ya aint fucking her.
Senn spins around, smiling. I might.
Might not, dude. Sterling sneers.
I slide the pillow over, smiling. Boys, I have found it.
Found what? Senn rubs his shoulder, sneering at Sterling.
Effies diary. I smile and open to the first page.
Sterling shuffles beside Sondra, viewing the opened book. What does it say?
Too much hot gossip with lousy handwriting, I review the sentences. Day one, I feel them
Sterling frowns at the sentence too. What the hell does that mean?
I read out loud when Senn stands on my other side. Day two, I do not like her. Day three, she is not here anymore. Day four, he will exit today, gasping and dropping my mouth.
Sterling frowns with worry. Damn, day four was the afternoon that Herman died from the fall with the sousaphone
Naw. Senn frowns.
Yeah. Sterling frowns.
Naw. Senn frowns.
Sterling nods. Yeah, Herman died yesterday falling asleep then the sousaphone landed on his neck splitting the vertebrate from his spinal column. Thats instant death, dude.
I gasp then view the wall. Whoa the stagecoach, Effie is the murderess.
Steal the diary. Senn orders and nods.
Sterling frowns and shakes his chambermaid cap. We cant do that. Anyways, shes not confessing to any crime here much less murder. She is writing in third person sentences not with actually real life teen names
I nod and exhale. Sterlings right. This is only half of the puzzle. We need more physical proof her plotted and executed murders of the teens here at Antebellum House. There must be a spy or something. We need some hard evidence like in the police shows. I know. We go to the Medical Center and search through the private clinical records examine the cause of death then we can direct link Effie to all the crime.
Sterling shakes his cap. Effie didnt murder Herman. The tuba did. Ya cant jail and execute a band instrument, Sondra.
Senn nods. I agree with Sterling. Someone did tall ugly Herman in not the band instrument but a body incognito which might or might not be Effie. She had helps. So I like the idea of breaking into the Medical Center tonight for evidence
Sterling back steps shaking his arms. No, we go back to our suites. Suppers done. We try this later next week after the hay ride, fingers the book. Put the dairy back. Did we upset any items inside the room besides the throngs. No, lets go before we got caught and then exposed, nods and swings to the door.
I replace the dairy then swing into Senns arms. He chuckles, hugging me.
We walk out the door then halt.
The chambermaids are opening the doors and folding down the bedspreads for the night.
Sterling fingers the belle parlor room staircase when Senn and I follow him down the steps.
I feel the rush of cold air on my face and hands not bothering to yell or piss. Ill get into more trouble if one of the chambermaids finds me wearing a uniform rather than my plantation dress.
Sterling peeks around the corner of the parlor room then rushes across the dogtrot hallway with me and Senn behind his wiggling ass.
We ascend up the stairs onto the hallway clear of any roaming beaus or chambermaids who have already folded down the bedcovers. Senn grins and gallops with me down towards his suite when Sterling yanks then tears Senns dress hem. 
Senn stops and sneers when Sterling grabs my arm slamming his finger into his lips for silence. Senn frowns then exhales as Sterling fingers the hallway. Senn pouts then back steps from me. I giggle when Sterling jerks me into his bedroom.

7:06 pm. Sterlings bedroom.
He rips off the dress. Change your gown then exit, Sondra. I dont want any trouble until we can solve the murders of Lillard and Herman
I giggle touching my dress, shaking my cap. You sound so police professional. I dont want any trouble until we can solve the murders
He spins around then moans. You dont have your plantation dress here only the chambermaid outfit. I see. That was clever. You changed inside your room then walked around the front porch. Youre afraid of the she-ghosts too.
I giggle and nod. I felt something like a cold she-ghost hand. But youre so smart, Sterling. All the belles think youre divine Sterling including me.
He stomps to the door. Ill check the hallway then you can leave, cracks the door open. He peeks between the crack then opens the door wide. He sees the rear of an unfamiliar figure going towards the end of the hallway: short, brown hair. He rips open the door, Stay here, Sondra! Sterling stands into the empty hallway watching the figure disappear around the corner. The hallway leads towards more bedroom suites of the beaus then the staircase down towards the front porch.
A hand grabs his collar bone. Get back inside, Cody. I got this, Fucner shoves Cody back into wall walking forward towards the corner. Get inside and lock the door, Master Sterling, he disappears around the wall.
Cody/Sterling frowns then swings to his bedroom. He opens the door then closes it. He frowns then smiles. Youre stuck here with me tonight, Sondra. Theres a guard
A guard, I frown with puzzlement.
A gigantic guardian like one of the seven feet tall fugly ugly chambermaids making everyone get into their rooms. Ya know us boys we have to be manhandled or else we run wild like mustangs, chuckles Sterling.
I giggle and nod. I cant go back to my room. Well, Im sorry for interrupting your nightly activities. Whatda ya do during the evening after eating supper?
Sterling rips off the shirt. I usually shit my turds in the toilet then read a book or watch some TV.
I frown then giggle. Ya boys didnt meet and talk
He laughs sitting on the chair ripping off his boot. Naw, we didnt meet and gather like pen hens over hot gossip like the belles. So Whatda ya wanna do tonight until tomorrow morning, Sondra?
I mosey to the other chair, sitting and smiling. I dont know. I dont wanna disturb your nightly rituals. I guess
Sterling stands and chuckles. I do have one nightly ritual. Do ya wanna help? I smile and nod when he drops then slides over the floor. He kneels below me, chuckling. I gotta shave my skull. Touch it!
I gasp then drop my mouth. You shave your skull, every night, rubbing my hands over his skull. 
Yeah, theres no barber shop here. I started the receding hairline at three after it started falling out at two.
I smile and rub his skull feeling the prickly growing follicles. You have a nice curvy shaped head. At three years old you started shaving your skull
He chuckles. I mean at thirteen years old. I grew facial hair early too. Mother Nature likes me a lot. My daddy took me to the barber when I was five years old. I sit in the chair as he poured warm shaving crme over my hair then stroked it like a cats tongue
Stoked it!? I giggle.
He stands and winks. Its time for a shave and a bath. Ya wanna help me shave
I drop my mouth then smile. Me!? You trust me to shave your skull with a sharp razor with all the mysterious murderers happening to the teens, nods and giggles. I would love too.
He drops his jeans then winks. Great, me and the mountain have a common feature, a dome. Be bald. Be proud.
I survey his chest skin then down into his brief, giggling. You tan nicely. Are ya tan all over too?
Lets find out, he swings towards the closet, entering. He emerges wearing a long towel over his private parts holding a robe. Undress and slip on the robe, Ill get the shower heated and warm. I giggle holding the robe.

7:20 pm. shower stall.
Sterling sits with his eyelids closed on a stool inside the steaming shower of running water away from the falling spray. I wear the robe over my nakedness and stand behind him next to the stool holding a bottle of body wash, a razor, a washcloth, a can of shaving crme, a pile of water, and a bottle of cologne. I smile as Sterling says. The warm shower softens my hair, cleans the skin, and opens the pores. Pour the body wash over the washrag then rub over my head. I giggle and squirt the body wash into the cloth then with a slight pressure rub it against the growth pattern of his skull. Sterling moans and groans with happiness. O babe! More, doll. Again, baby, I giggle and continue to rub his skull. He chuckles. Spray on the shaving crme. Apply a good amount of shaving crme allowing it to stand for a few minutes to further soften the hair.
I remover the washcloth then toss outside the shower tab then grab the shaving crme. I spray over his skull then rub it around. I like your ears and your head and you, Sterling.
He moans and groans. O baby, Im folly-la-lolly challenged with facial hair, chuckles.
I giggle and smile rubbing the shaving crme around his skull. Your skin is so soft like a babys butt.
You fuck babies, too.
No, I do not fuck babies, Sterling. Thats a sick remark.
He chuckles. Good, I was testing ya, babe. Ya passed. Set the razor at the crown of my skull then you pull down in the direction of the hair growth. Take it slow, doll. I lift the razor examining the blade then gently land it on the crown of his skull. I tenderly pull it down in the direction the hair grows. He moans. O baby
Im going to cut your skull ifan ya didnt shut up, honey.
O dont. I giggle then glide the razor gently down the side and back and from back to front on top then rinse the razor under the running water. Feel my pulsar!
I smile and stroke the razor back and forth until I have covered his rounded mound, grinning. I be done shaving my first baldy.
Now apply a small amount of shaving lather to your hands and rub my head checking for any rough spots that need to be re-shaved.
I giggle. The fun part.
He frowns. The fucking part, youre looking for any surviving stray hairs behind my ears and the nape of my neck
I slap the shaving crme into my hands then rub his skull over and over the smooth parts. Looking, finishing my survey then grin. Your growing baby hair follicles are all gone bye-bye.
Nice job, Sondra. Now splash me with the cool water inside the pail. The cold water will close up my hair follicles then we can, a pail of cold water floods his skull, face and shoulders when Sterling stands from the stool. Shit! he spins around to her, sneering. What the fuck? Thats a freezing cold bucket of ice water with ice cubes, babe
I giggle and rattle the empty pail of freshly drawn cold water from the facet plus a few ice chips. I had retrieved during our conversation when Sterling eyes were closed. Ya asked for cold water, son.
He sneers then smiles, fingering me. Youre paying for that one, babe.
I shove the towel into Sterlings face. He gently pats his wet head dry then applies the nice smelling aftershave of leather and spice fragrances. I scoot around the stool standing in front of him, winking and smiling. You smell nice.
You smell sexy, he drops the towel then pulls me into his chest. He kisses me while unwrapping my robe.

Friday. August 17th
9:40 am. Needlepoint class
I dashed out of Sterlings room then ran across the hallway and then up belles staircase without waking up the she-ghosts. I twirled and whirled getting my jeans and boots on before slowly walking down the main staircase with my friends. I laughed and chatted during prayers with Senn and Sterling and at breakfast table manners eating my food.
I twirl the needle side to side staring at the canvas. I have wrapped sixteen strands back and forth working on the creation of the yellow goose not finishing the design before the holiday break. My mind is not present pondering the weeks tragic events at Antebellum House.
Lillard was poisoned by the tea or teacup or tea spoon on Wednesday. No one knows or is taking credit or blame. Therefore Symole has cancelled tea party inside the belle parlor room for the rest of the week.
I stab the needle into the square going through another empty square as the needle and thread dangle on the other side.
Herman was murdered by the sousaphone musical instrument yesterday. Therefore Symole has cancelled the symphonic ball for the rest of the month. I feel shitty and sad. Ive never seen a dead person, twice in my life. My grandmother died in the hospital not being present for that death event. My mom told me the awful news.
We found evidence of Effie knowing about the murders but not stabbing the knife.
The male voice says from the archway. Found ya finally!
Effie smiles then stands walking to archway. Whatda ya doing here inside the needlepoint room, Sinner?
Hey, Efuck, smirks Senn.
Thats not my name. Effie stomps her boot, frowning with annoyance.
Senn chuckles and winks. Thats what Zee calls ya when ya not around the boys garconniere, Efuck.
Sit down before you get us into trouble, Effie, orders Constance, staring at Senn.
Effie stomps her boot, frowning with annoyance. Naw, he aint supposed to here inside the needlepoint room. Whatya want, sinner?
Senn motions to me. Seeing my girl Sondra, sneers at her. Go back and fuck the ponies inside the barn stalls, Efuck, chuckles.
I stand then gallop to Senn. What are you
Sit next to me, whispers Senn.
Master Senn, please attend your own class now, the needlepoint teacher slams into his back muscles then shoves him from the archway.
Senn winks at me then back steps from the archway, leaving.
I return to my chair, pondering the secret message: sit next to him in Money Matters class. I always sit next to him in Money Matters class, pondering the weird visitation to my needlepoint class.

10:02 am Journal Writing class
I stand in the archway when Senn slams into my ass which is becoming an annoying little game for me. He wraps his biceps around my waistline then wiggles his fingers around my breasts as I giggle. I wait on the other students to find and pick out seats.
Effie scoots beside him, snarling. Youre not supposed to touch us belles, sir, raises the object. You dropped your hanky, Sondra on the floor in the needlepoint room. I frown then snatch the wad from her hand tucking it into my blue jeans front pocket for washing off Effies coodie germs later.
Senn chuckles and looks down at her hair roots being taller. No one aint ever gonna touch you, babe dead or alive
Effie giggles. Ya can touch me next, sinner.
Careful bitch, ya might get your wish. Senn whispers into Effies face as I giggle.
Yee-haw. Effie smiles.
Symole strolls towards the archway, saying. Here, here! Whats that racket? You sound like a flock of peahens. Everyone please get into class
Effie giggles and fingers me. Sondras hiding an Easter egg from the other belles.
Symole frowns at Effie. Easter egg, what kind of verbal encryption code is this, Mistress Effie?
The kind that Sondra has. Effie giggles then turns, marching towards a chair.
Symole frowns at me. What do you have, Miss Sondra?
I shake my curls. Nothing, Mistress Symole.
Symole frowns at me. What are you hiding, dear?
I shake my curls and frowns. Nothing, Mistress Symole, when she grabs my purse hanging off my wrist.
She examines the small purse then opens it. She drowns her two fat fingers into the dark hole then draws out my wild cherry red lip gloss as Senn chuckles. She dumps the lip gloss into the purse then sees my handkerchief hanging from my pocket. She grabs it. Hold out your left arm to me. You wear your handy inside the cup of your left wrist band not inside your blue jeans pocket.
Thank you, Mistress Symole, I nod and watch her fiddle and wad the cotton handkerchief.
Ouch! Whats this? she holds up one of the needlepoint sewing needles in the air, A weapon.
I drop my mouth and shake my curls. No maam, a mistake.
A mistake!? she frowns.
A mistook. I exhale.
Symole frowns and shakes her curls. Thirty demerits, you have detention, Miss Sondra.
No. I whisper.

10:12 am. My bedroom.
I slam the door then stand and sob in the middle of my suite. My throat moans when the hot wet tears trail down my cheekbones like a leaky faucet. Ill being punished for something that Effie did to me. I will spend the rest of the daylight and the entire dark night along the base of Loveless Mountain without my soft pillow and my cushy mattress or my warm blanket sleeping on the hard wet ground. I am not allowed to bring any items from my room but my body. I look at the lip gloss then smash it against the wall. Unfair, unfair, I didnt do anything wrong, sitting and sobbing on my bed. My mobile telephone dings with a new text message when I stare at the stupid devise. The dinging sound contents when I reach for the mobile phone. I smile then giggle texting back.

10:40 am. front porch. Antebellum House.
I stand in my brown, green and black long ankle dress protected by my cowgirl boots, hoping to blend into a green, black, and brown wild wilderness of the Leed forest when he slams into my ass. Hey, Sondra nice to meet ya here on this beautiful hot day. Ya plan to stay the afternoon and evening at Loveless Mountain too, smiles Sterling.
Symole and Clyde appear then walk down the steps and stand in front of the disobeying students. She frowns with disappointment viewing me, Sterling, Ezzard, and Effie. I am so disappointed in all four of yall. This is the first week of school. Each one of you could not make it nicey until the holiday break while all your demerits are wiped cleaned from the slanted black board in my office.
They are? Effie frowns.
Symole frowns at me. Miss Sondra, you have managed to acquire all your demerits at one setting. I believe this to be a record at Antebellum House. Congratulations, belle! You will be dropped in the center of the Leed forest where you will spend-the-night like some girly pajamas party without the pajamas, a sleeping bag, and a peanut butter jelly sandwich. You may not be hungry now but you will be missing both your lunch and supper. We are serving golden crusted fried chicken tonight.
Dang, I couldve used my ten fingers for licking and sucking that white juicy meat. Ezzard chuckles and winks at Effie.
Symole sneers. Tonight, you can lick and sup on dry black possum meat that you catch with your ten fingers and ten toes. You will not be given any food or water or blankets since this is punishment for committing some type of foul act against your fellow belles or beaus
Wished I killed that little beau, Sterling snarls.
Symole says. You will be taken by vehicle, the faster method straight into the forest land rather than by horse and carriage and then dropped into the middle of the woodlands with the wolves, the coyotes, the snakes, and the spiders as bed mates. You can camp at that very spot or move towards the river bank or up into the mountain following a series of worn hiking trails by moon light. It could be kinda romantic ifan you possessed a loaded shotgun, chuckles and coughs covering her mouth.
Bitch, Sterling sneers.
Worse, Ezzard snarls.
Symole says. You have been very obedient in following our instructions by not bringing out from your suites any additional items but your person and your clothes. When you return tomorrow morning at the same time your demerits will be wiped clean. I do not allow questions since we are the wardens and you are criminals. You are ready. Load up into the pickup truck. Good hunting, belles and beaus!
Sterling guides me towards the dropped tail of the pickup truck. Ezzard, help me lift Sondra onto the rear of the truck bed, they grab my arms and legs as I float into the rear. Sterling laughs. Bend your knees as we raise ya in the air like an angel so your boot toes dont hit the truck tailgate.
I land on the floor then sit on the tire wheel when Ezzard lifts Effie over his shoulder than jumps onto the tail gate. Just slap her over your shoulder like me then hop like a bunny on the tail gate.

11:22 am. Loveless Mountain. dirt road. Leed forest. sunny. hot. humid. no rain. partly cloudy.
The forest looks green and thick with tall trees, green leaves, small plant bushes and lots of wild flowers. I sit inside the pickup truck then it dumps me and Sterling along the thickly wooded forest then circles around putting down the dirt towards Antebellum House. Sterling tosses his hands. Did ya bring the teacups?
I shake my curls. Yeah, I gathered all the items like you listed in my cell phone. Why doesnt the cell phones work outside of Dogtrot Plantation?
He frowns. Lemme see the teacups, where are they? Ya didnt bring a bag. Are they under your hoop skirt?
I unbutton the dress. I also note with my two eyes that you didnt bring a bag of survival goodies like some food or a bottle of water or a warm blanket either. We were visually inspection while living off the damn land for the night. Im suddenly hunger for food.
Southern belles should not cuss. Sterling frowns. Youre smart, babe. You wore two dresses hiding the teacups as your tiny breasts. Good job, ya get a special kiss tonight.
I hand the teacups to Sterling as he places them into his jacket. I follow behind him. I taped the teacups onto my body then taped the dress around my naked skin so the glass would not shift or fall down my legs. And I am not a southern belle. I am seventeen-year-old teenager lost in the middle of Leed, Alabama standing in pile of wet grass up to my ass near the rock base of Loveless Mountain. Geez, even Mother Nature has it bad for me since they name the mountain Loveless.
He chuckles. The mountain is named after Jon Loveless who built our lovely plantation house when he discovered the pink quartz on top of the dome decorating his home in pink granite. I admit the exterior of the manor is really pretty like a certain southern belle trailing behind my ass. He motions towards the thick forest. Catch up, girl. We got tracks to make before sun down for our shelter.
I stop. Shelter, I thought we slept on the ground or grass or something.
Naw.
I dash beside him. Naw, why not, naw? This is the forest where little cute furry bunnies live and little tiny lady bugs live without getting eaten by something. Are we going to get eaten up by something? Are there bears or cougars here?
He chuckles. Can ya shoot a gun?
I stop then frowns. What?
He leads and smiles. There! I changed the subject took your mind off getting eaten by something, he holds my hand as we rush through the low tree branches and tall plant roots. I trip when he grabs my hand.
I exhale. I cant see my cranial shadow anymore. Where are we going? Are there wolves out here in these woodlands? Do you possess a hand gun? Please tell me that you snuck like a skunk a gun out here into our paradise wilderness.
Naw, I got something better. We camp at the river side with fresh water and fresh food by moon light. We got lucky, babe. Its almost a full moon in another three nights. Theres plenty of light for tonight so I can see your face and then kiss it.
Ifan youre a cat or a bat or a rat. I drag my cowgirl boots over the rough terrain of rocks, dry clay dirt, and broken tree branches as Sterling moves faster down an open path of high trees. I see tiny rays of sparkling silver on my left. And Im thirsty now. Im suddenly thirsty. I spot the river running along side us when the cool air hits my face. I hold back the wet tears of terror and torment.
Sterling flings back the small flask without stopping. Here ya go, enjoy! I grab the flask then stop and sip on the water then cough my head off. He swings around grabbing the flask and cuddling it while I gag. Sterling frowns. Hey, dont drink all the moonshine, swings and moves parallel to the river.
I cough then pant. You couldve at least brought your cell phone and ordered food for here tonight
Theres no electronic link out here in the boondocks for the cells. We got whiskey, you and me. Thats enough for tonight, he walks around the tree limbs and plant roots as I follow. He says. Were paralleling the river bank just a few more feet. Were looking for a shady cool cove where the turtles like to gather and fuck then sleep
I frown. Turtles!?
Sterling halts then kicks the twisted low tree branches making a foot path towards the river. Follow behind me. Once were clear of the low trees the river bank will be muddy and soft for some cooking then eating then wrestling and then sleeping 
I frown lifting my dress and boots over the fallen tree stumps and low roots. Joy! I get to love on a turtle. 
He chuckles. Naw, babe, I get the loving. Were catching, cleaning and eating on turtle stew. Ill clean them rascals for ya then we eat good tonight showing mole-face that we can survive the forest life.
I stomp through the roots frowning with disgust and whispers. Id really stare.
Sterling slides into the muddy bank, stopping and laughing. We be here! Sit down here on this here clean and bumpy stump. Ill help ya remove your boots
I view the stump the frown. I must remove my boots for eating the turtle.
He laughs, patting lumpy stump. You must remove your boots for helping me catch the turtles.
I hold my dress and frown with more disgust. Sterling!?
He drags my arm as I advance to the stump. He winks. This is for fun and food. Sit down, Sondra! I sit and exhale lifting my foot. Sterling pulls off my first boot and sock then my second one and sock then I stand and wiggle my clean manicured toes in red mud. He chuckles and sits on the stump removing his socks and boots. He stuffs the socks into the boots winking at me. Now we get to clean our toes in the water, grabs my hand.
I waddle behind him in the pond water. Its cold.
He waddles ahead of me. Its fun. Come on and get deeper into the water maybe at knee-high level. Snapping turtles are the best meals when humping it out in the forest like Robin Hood and Maid Marian. The common snapping turtle or Chelydra serpentina is native here. They are 12 inches in their upper shell length and weight 25 pounds. They inhabit the creeks, streams, rivers, swamps, marshes, farm ponds like here. The snapping turtles eat anything dead or alive that they can find like fish, frogs, crayfish, drowned animals and aquatic plants.
I stand in the water looking for snakes. I know that they like to fuck and sleep in water too. Ya done catching one yet.
He cuts the tree limb with his knife. Ya can catch a snapper using jug or limb lines baited with cut chicken livers or live fish bait. We be doing some handfishing since we be in the woodlands and I be standing my naked toes in this cold water
I stand in knee high calm water holding my dress with both hands. My toes are getting numb, Sterling.
He hands me the tree limb as I hold with one hand and my dress with the other. Take the tree limb then gently thump the end along the muddy soil of the river where the turtle likes to hide. It will be buried half ways into the mud then dug it up and grab it by the tail.
I exhale holding the oversized rough tree branch. I am supposed to grab the turtle by its tail. I think not
He leans by the waist towards the pond water, smiling and chuckling. As you might guess dont grab it by the mouth since they have strong jaws and long neck, a snapping turtle.
I frown and hold the tree limb watching for a snake which I plan to use the tree limb first on the snake after I kill it and then second on Sterling. Sterling yells then slams the tree limb in the water as I back pedal from him and the roaming round yellow lumps along the greenish water. He yells and slaps the tree limb at roaming round yellow lumps, hollering. He smiles then jerks the beaten and bloody turtle from the water in one hand pitching the broken tree limb over his shoulder. Suppertime
I whisper. Ah, shit! I turn and waddle back towards the river bank out of the cold water.
Sterling waddles ahead of me with supper. He slides over the mud then guides into dry dirt. I grab his boots and hold my dress. He says. Can you please find us some berries like blueberry and raspberry for our nightly meal? The turtle meat will not be enough for me. I place his boots beside him as he lays the two teacups beside the dead and bloody turtle. I swing around viewing the plants. Dont go too far from me, Sondra! Therere plenty of berry bushes around here just walk side to side. 
I nod then sit sliding on my socks over wet feet and boots. I rather have cold feet then bitten toes. I study the plant before touching looking for juice before the berry. Raspberries are light reddish colors and blue berries are dark blue kinda purple juice. I spot some berries then pick them and place inside my long dress after tearing a strip from the sides. I turn and watch Sterling play in the water. Hes washing the bloody turtle for preparing our turtle stew.
I exhale sliding and slipping towards the water. I am not removing my boots. They can be cleaned. I squat washing my gathered meal for supper since I am not eating turtle meat.
I return and sit on the dry dirt not beside Sterling.
He sits on his knees water and bloody, smiling. He cuts the long tubular snout with his hunting knife as blood rains down on his hands, the grass and the dirt when I turn my face to the rock and gag. He cuts and chuckles. Dont ya vomit then I cant eat it either.
I whisper and view the pretty wildflowers. Ah, shit!
Youre a good cowgirl.
Im a city girl. I exhale and breathe without vomiting.
This is a camp supper so youre a cowgirl tonight
He says. Ya cut the head off first then stick a water hose down the new hole and lock it on with a pipe clamp. Doing it right is gory and it takes work. But I be a good worker for our meal tonight. I sit and stare at the tree watching the squirrel play. He says. You lay it on the back then cut around the bottom plate of the shell missing the organ sack, since it smells like the toilet backed up with your shitty turds, when I giggle then gag. I can smell the stinky organs of our supper. Sterling says. Im cutting off the back legs now, he raises the object, wiggling it and laughing. The tiny little tail, ya wanna save it and make a sourine?
I stare at the dirt seeing the poor earthworm wiggle in the clay. No.
He chuckles. Well then, Ill toss away the carcass for the wolves later.
I view and sneer at him. Wolves are here.
Yeah, but theyll take the turtle carcass before us. I slice off the front legs and finish off with the neck. Youre supposed to skin it but we dont have time or the right tools just my hunting knife which is better than the damn turtle. Now we cut up the stomach and liver, I hear the slicing of the knife against the tree stump then cover my mouth. I stare at the sky seeing blue bits between the thick over story of tree branches and leaves. I breath in and out slowly. He says. You can eat the turtles tail and neck but ya gotta boil them in a soup.
I stare at the lady bug crawls on the red wild rose. Are ya finished, Senn?
The majority of the turtles meat is in the at the point where the legs meet the main point of the body and it is the best-tasting parts once we fry it up.
I stare at bush of berries then grab one. I spit on it first then eat it. Are ya done yet, Sterling?
We be eating the tiny turtles liver, heart, windpipe, he pauses. Damn, it just destroyed the esophagus with the knife. I sorry
I hold my face. O gawd, please stop telling me the selected parts of your supper.
He stops cutting and looks at her, smiling. Ya sick or something, darling?
I am very nausea indeed, I hold my mouth from vomiting.
He nods and laughs. Good, my plan worked then I get to eat the little rascal all by myself. Im chopping up the pancreas and lungs. Too bad we didnt catch a pregnant turtle when ya cut her open the eggs look like a bunch of yellow grapes. Yummy! Ya know them be a delicacy in some cultures throughout the world
I scan the forest with trees concentrating on the far away yellow flower. It is so pretty then I sneer. Shut up, Sterling.
The other white meat., chuckles Sterling.
I exhale and hold my sob. Thanks for taking care of me out here, Sterling. I mean coming out here with me. Why are you here with me? I frown and view him.
He lights a fire under the leaves and tree twigs then sits the teacup on top. He pours water into the teacup then drops inside the raw meat then stirs it. We parboil the turtle meat for one minute in the first teacup that kills some of the bacterium, winks at me.
I drop my mouth. What?
Just kidding, it makes the meat tender and turns white for eating. This is a young turtle sos we really dont need to kill off the germs since they are good for your guts. It is rolling with smoke and heat. This is good enough. Now we pour off the water and dump the parboiled meat into the second teacup. You stir the water inside the teacup so the meat doesnt stick to the bottom since this be supper until breakfast tomorrow. You can watch it brown into white and heat the guts for flavor then we have supper. Wish I had some onions, bell peppers and stewed tomatoes.
I exhale deeper then smile at the good odor, watching the teacup smoke and boil with water. The water splashes over the side from the small fire. It smells good.
We can add parsley from the ground, he crunches up the tiny leaves in his hands then sprinkles it over the teacup.
Good thinking, I nod.
He winks at me. Turtle soup is coming up, milady. Ya know its still a hot debate in the science world of how did a turtle acquire a suit of armor. Some science folks think that the turtles carapace evolved from a series of bony, scale-like growths from them ancient d-saurs found on them ancient armadillos. Another theory is that the ribs grew over their arms and legs making a shell.
Is it dead? I view the boiling water.
He nods and smiles. Yeah, them d-saurs are all dead, darling. Didnt ya pass your science class in the eleventh grade? The smart scientists think the Eunotosaurus is considered to be an early cousin to the turtle
I exhale then wink at him. Wow! Ya know I kinda miss the fully appointed table with the seven-course meal and our nasty butler slapping my hand.
He studies the water and meat then removes the teacup with his jacket tail. Well, we got ya a simple one meal taken before the fire, milady Sondra. The meat has turned white. That means its done, remove the teacup. Its hot on bottom. Try it, honey, winks at me, chewing.
Okay.
Well munch on the raspberries, black berries and blue berries along with the turtle meat, blows then places the white meat into his mouth, chewing.
I drop my mouth. Whats it taste like?
He chews and frowns. Bland chicken to me, some folks think it taste like beef steak. Others think it is like chicken then add some spices its chili. Ya know we can do this more right on tomorrow. Come out here and hunt for more turtles. The kitchen staff would love to make us some turtle stew. He tears the meat handing to me. I chew and nod my head. He says. Stripe off the dress.
I giggle and unbutton the skirt from behind. I thought you wanted me to wear both of them for body heat tonight inside the cool forest air
Im your body heat, babe. He chuckles. We built a tepee with both dresses while you lay naked in my arms and between my legs.
Not happening out in the wild, I stand removing the first dress then hand to Sterling. He digs a hole placing a broken tree limb into the hole then covers with the dirt using a wide rock boulder. The rear wall and the tree branch hold my dress like a curtain. He pants from the workout. No time for horse play, sweetheart, scoots under my dress patting his jacket as my bed.
I kneel on the ground getting dirty and hot. Im the prize.
He winks. Naw, girl, Im the prize.
I wink and giggle. No foreplay. No kissing. Not enough a tight Teddy bear hug.
He pats the jacket. This be a camp love like melting marshmallows without the sweet chocolate. 
I crawl over the jacket crossing my legs, smile. Im not thinking of marshmallows.
He smiles. Ah, you feel so good sitting next to me and hitting my bicep, chuckles. ya got a good punch, doll.
I wink. We could move from good to bad to badder. 
He leans against the rock wall chewing on the berries. Sugar, we be in the forest with real live beasts. They smell your sex.
Animals do not, I frown.
He tosses his hand and smiles. You go right ahead and test that theory. I suggest ya stand near that tree about hundred yards out from and then ya know and then wait for ya know. See what cometh mammal, beast or me?
I toss my arms around my breasts then lean into the hard rock. Fine, I believe ya. Ill lay right here, when the howl of the coyote pack breaks my thought. I wanna go back to my room
I protect ya, darling. Thats why I got fifty demerits in one sucker punch.
I giggle Awe, you did that for me. What happened?
Yeah, I did. I gave Ween a bloody nose.
What for?
He chuckles and chews. Ya know Caleb asked me the same damn question. I still dont have an answer.
I smile then wink. Sterling, thank you. I dont understand why we dont sleep on top of the dome instead of with the wolves and snakes, views the mountain between the peeks of the trees.
He shakes his baldness and chews. No protection there. Have ya seen the place flat, empty. Good for an open attack that bothers my instincts.
I gasp. Ezzard is there then he and Effie are in danger.
Naw.
Why not, naw? You just said thats an open place for attack from wolves or snakes.
After fucking a girl has this cuddle thing going. Scientists have discovered thats it a hormonal reaction to sex. Well, guys gots that a hormonal reaction to sex too called the protection instinct. He went there to Efuck her g-spot away from the spying eyeballs and eardrums of the school instructors.
I drop my mouth. Ya mean kids purposefully get demerits to come here and fuck each other.
Hallelujah girl, it took ya long enough to figure that one fucking answer out.
Do the school instructions know about this?
Yeah hell, honey, the school instructions all graduated from here, one them probably initiated it, he laughs.
I shake my curls viewing the ground. This school is very strange, almost odd with the kids that get murdered but the school will not shut down their doors or send us home. Im getting scared. My feelings waver back and forth from scared to more scared
He laughs. Its your lust hormones for me.
I giggle and wink. Maybe, but this school is different from my real high school and any other establishment that I have ever encountered within my short seventeen years.
Whens your birthday?
I smile. Next spring in April, Ill be eighteen years old, an independent woman
Did your parents graduated here too?
I frown at him. Yeah, along with your parents, I know most of the kids by neighborhood or by family or by reputation of their family. Effie knows Constance since their families live in Texas. So why are you here, Sterling?
He coughs from the berries. Uh, like you I was ripped from my high school, a glowing football star when my daddy
I nod and smile looking at him. My daddy told me the same thing to learn about life and learn to be honest, friendly, nice, smart, kind, gentle, pretty, respect
These are good traits for a southern belle and a southern rouge, he pulls the cigar from the jacket pocket.
I gasp. Whereda ya get the cigar?
He smiles then lights the cigar. Books of matches, cartons of cigars, silver clean ashtrays on the sideboard in the parlawd room for the taking
Stealing, you possess a nasty habit, dear.
I like to smoke
The smoke will attract bears, I scan the forest trees.
He smokes. De-attract the bugs too, winks at me. Anyways your fault, ya stole my heart making you the real thief.
I exhale and nod. Well, theres a real thief robbery of souls at Antebellum House.
Well catch Effie.
I dont think shes the real thief, robber or murderer. Shes pretty dumb in our academic classes and only interested in Ezzard
Thaddeus, Dent, Lomax, Boddie, Senn, me, laughs Sterling.
I nod and grin. See, thats what I mean. Effies looking for a husband not a jail cell. Shes working with someone. Whom do we not know at Antebellum House?
I dont know no body at Antebellum House.
I slap his bicep, frowning with annoyance. Ya know what I mean? Whom do we not trust at Antebellum House?
He blows the smoke then puts out the cigar, exhaling. He yawns and stretches. I view the sun. What time is it?
He says. Based on the sunlight peeking between the tree limbs it about four oclock or so
I frown as he lays on the ground curling into a ball. What ya doing? Late afternoon, we could go waddling in the water or hiking around the forest grass for wildflowers
He closes his eyelids. You go and do those fun things but dont get to far from me. Im catching some sleep since Ill be up all night after the sun sets watching for the snakes, the coyotes, and the bears stomping around us looking for food. Those critters move and hunt at night. I only got a hunting knife so I need my wits for the fight
I nod and whisper letting Sterling rest and sleep on the cold hard ground then scan the forest. Fight

Saturday. August 18th
10:55 am. Saturday morning. dirt road. sunny. hot humid. partly cloudy.
Wheres the truck? I yawn and lean into Sterling being both hungry and tired from the long night of watching for bears, snakes, and coyotes. Thank goodness, none showed before our camp site.
Sterling exhales then sneers looking at the long dirt road. They probably fucking forget about us. Ween told the last time it happened to him when mole-face forgot him on punishment since shes both old and stubborn. I guess we start walking
I yawn. Well have missed breakfast and lunch too.
He chuckles. No babe, we can stop and eat more turtle meat along our foot path towards Antebellum House.
I shake my curls hugging his bicep. No turtle meat, Ill rather walk the stairs to the belle parlawd room with the she-ghosts before waddling in the cold water for another turtle. No, not today
He sneers. Well, turtle meats really good and good for ya when hungry.
I scan the forest. Wheres Ezzard and Effie?
He scans the forest looking for the mountain peek of pink. Id guess that they walked back towards the House. The mountain is actually closer to the school campus then where we camped last night.
Im tired and hungry. And I want a hot long shower
The pickup truck slams the brakes as they squeal in front of Sterling. The window drops when Sterling frowns then says. Damn, you took long enough Fucner
Do you know the hired help, Sterling? I smile and park inside the dropped drivers window with the blowing air conditioning on my sweat face.
Sterling frowns then sneers. Naw, Im just cursing him out for being late while we burn up in the sunshine. Fuck ya, man! Im hot, sweat and hungry.
Fucner smirks at Sterling/Cody. Im been playing with my dick for hours parked right here under these cooling over story shade trees. What you teens been doing for the last hour for fun hiking or something?
Fuck it. Sterling frowns and guides me around the front bumper. Lets get inside before the driver decides to leave. I dont wanna walk back to the house.

1:05 pm.
Sterling had bathed then cleaned off the dirt, bugs, and sweat from the Leed forest. He struts from the dining room filling his stomach with hot food, hearing. The teens laugh from hay dance and the bells from the wagons on the hay ride. He turns then pads along the front porch, seeing. The teens dance and spin with the loud music deafening his eardrums. The hay wagons are actually two-sided carts pulled by donkeys instead of horses. He chuckles at the amusing scene then sees Sondra dashes from under the porch. He dashes after her between the tables of beverages and silly games.
Sondra steps upon the dance floor when Ezzard comes from behind then wraps his arms around her breasts.
Sterling halts then sneers then frowns.
Ezzard swings Sondra towards one of the hay wagons then loads inside when Effie stomps off the dance floor. She parks both hands on her belt, sneering and snarling. Wheres Sondra going with my man?
Constance sweats and sips the beverage standing behind short Effie, giggles. Hes not your man, Effie. Zees a free spirit who just likes to get up and go away from you.
Effie frowns. Shut it, Constance, views Sterling. Wheres Sondra going with my man, Sterling?
Senn smiles and stands next to Effie, bumping her shoulder. For a walk towards the hay wagons, I do believe. Hey, Efuck I believe we should go away and get it up too. Whatda think, honey?
Effie exhales and nods. As long as it gets me closer to that hay wagon with my man and that bitch. Lets go away and get it on, stomps ahead.
Right, babe. Senn winks at Sterling, smiling.
Sterling frowns. Senn, come back! Somethings going on here with Zee that I dont particularly like. Senn, come back here!
Constance nods and frowns. Its the whiskey.
Sterling views her hair roots being shorter. Senn doesnt seem drunk. I know he likes his tin can.
Constance giggles and scoots into Sterlings body. Senn is not intoxicated. The tin holds three ounces of whiskey but he becomes free born allowing his freedom to crumble his mental thoughts while acting upon his physical hands. Im going to be a physician when I grow up like my daddy. My mamas a surgeon. However Im more impressed with you, sweetie Sterling, since Sondra has dashed far away with Zee for the afternoon, the night, the evening, maybe forever. Your daddys a pharmacist who owns his own drug company. Ya get free drugs too, winks at Sterling. I guess youre one day run the family business from your daddy. Right, Sterling. Ya know the day after college graduation we can get married and honeymoon in the Virgin Islands. I love the Virgin Islands with the pretty sky of blue like your eyes and beautifully white sands like your skin. You remind me of an exotic place. Youre sweet, Sterling. I wonder why Sondra took off with Zee.
Dont know, whispers Sterling, parking both hands on his belt.

1:08 pm. the hay wagon of Ezzard and Sondra.
Ezzard cuddles her as she struggles to get some air. Why ya steal me from the dance floor that was really rude?
He scoots her closer. Theres to be a double murder tonight thats to be me and you, sugar.
I gasp then pray then whisper. A double murder, it cant be true. How do you know this scary information, Zee?
You and I both have eye witnessed a belle or a beau get dead and gone from Antebellum House and never to return. The school investigated and labeled our class mates deaths as accidents. Really, Sondra I thought ya be smarting then that to stupidly accept a batch of pretend words from some adults.
I gasp scanning the forest woods. Me!? Who wants me dead? Sterling wouldnt harm me.
And either would I? Thats why I stole ya from Sterling and Senn since I got a butcher knife from the kitchen and a pistol in my left breast pocket of my jacket. Youre safe with me because neither Sterling nor Senn carry a weapon.
Since it is against the schools rules.
And dying is against my rules. We load on one of the hay wagons away from the hay dance for a couple of hours then lay low. If our murderer wants a shot a us then I get to see the colored pupils before I blow that motherfucker to hell.
I cuddle closer into his chest scanning the thick dark woodlands. I love you, Ezzard.
He chuckles looking behind his shoulder. You love Sterling so make shore he knows that. Its clear behind us. So at the slow turn we jump and roll to your left into the flat meadow. Get ready!

1:10 pm. the hay wagon of Senn and Effie.
Senn cuddles Effie when she fights and slides towards the front. She narrows her eyelashes. Im a seventh daughter.
He chuckles leaning back into the leather seat. Geez, ya got six other ugly sisters like your face. Lordy, I might need another date for the dance!
A seventh daughter of a seventh daughter has no males born in-between in the second generation. The seventh daughter can see the future and possesses special abilities. However, a third generation seventh daughter can perform a trick.
What kinda trick, Efuck. Can ya start a sance for dead?
She leans towards the front, Naw, I see a dead girl a-coming, then she slaps Senn. Effie jumps then rolls onto the flat meadow, watching Ezzard and Sondra escape.

2:02 pm. cottage.
The row of cottages line behind the manicured lawn. Some cottages hold repairing equipment. Some cottages hold lawn equipment. One cottage holds Ezzard after he dumped me. I have been dumped by both Ezzard and my parents. I sit on the wet brick steps playing with my personal mobile telephone that still doesnt get a microwave connection out of hell here and into my parents house of paradise. I stare at the phone wishing my parents would call me. Then I recall that Senn said the link was severed from the lack of satellites around Antebellum House, tossing my hands without throwing the mobile telephone.
Ezzard slams the door then squats. Hey, Sondra, I gotta a surprise for yall. Do ya want to come inside the little cottage behind me?
I exhale then view the cottage. It is small structure painted in pretty pink colors on the wooden planks with a white door and white shudders. I scan the landscape without any other teens for some fun play then view the dance floor. I scan for Sterling or Senn not finding their tallness either. Ezzard seems to be the bestest buddy for the nice hot long Saturday afternoon. I stand and toss my arms. Okay, whats your surprise? he opens the door when I enter.
Sterling hides behind the thick door frame paneling inside the Dogtrot Hallway. No one would see him unless they were coming up from behind or heading into the dining room for food. There are food tables outside near the hay dance flooring too. He sees Sondra hesitate then stand following Ezzard into the cottage. He drops his mouth, whispering. O no, Ezzard is Brones son that weve been searching. The cottage was burned last time when Brone captured and murdered the teens and their parents of a previous attendance of Antebellum House. Skippy made him memory the working file from the FBI, CIA, DEA, IRS, and NSA before dumping his ass at Antebellum House. He needs to contact Skippy or Fucner or Islander. He cant do that while scanning the crowded dance floor and moving hay wagons. Their mission is both secret and silence. Sterling is trained to handle the situation with his mind and body. He views each side of the manicured lawn. Clear! He slides into the sunlight of the breezeway when Effie appears.
Effie is dressed in her blue jeans and cowgirl boots carrying a sharp long knife from the dessert table. She slightly crouches bending her shoulders into her breasts like she is hiding from someone walking towards the cottage. Ezzard mentioned that Effie was his girlfriend. This makes perfect sense. Effie and Ezzard are working together as a team of murderers.
Effie really did know and did murder both Lillard and Herman being coupled with evil Brone and his son Ezzard. Sterling did see the ass of Brone the other night when Fucner was tailing. Fucner might have captured Brone. Sterling does not know since the team is still on sheath mode. The purpose, to capture Brones here at Antebellum House.
Now theyre going to perform a cold-blooded murder on Sondra who is out of sight from the fun Saturday activity.
Sterling sneers stomping towards the cottage. He jerks the door knob opening, halting.
Effie lies on the floor, blooding. Sondra squats in the corner, sobbing with tears. Ezzard holds the long knife from the desert table, dripping blood. Sterling frowns with fury. What the fuck is this?
Ezzard motions with his hand. Close the door quickly, Sterling! Come inside, I can explain.
Sterling swings then gently closes the door without causing any more attention when Ezzard moves towards the bathroom, entering. Sterling dashes to Sondra. She sobs with tears as Sterling drags me from the floor. He asks. What happened?
I pant then sniff then sob with tears. Effie, she barged inside screaming and shouting at Ezzard for being an ass. Then she charged with the knife. Ezzard had no choice. He snatched the knife from her hands then she started clawing his shirt and his face. She was acting like a wild animal for some reason.
She was jealous of you and him on the hay ride.
No, it was more than jealousy. It was a vicious attack on Ezzard for some reason. I cant explain.
Ezzard emerges from the bathroom without the knife. He presses a button when the wall illuminates with a design then grabs a thick book. He swings to us. Please sit down at the table. I will more than happy to explain.
I sit beside Sterling hugging me.
Sterling scans the room. It is devoid of art painting and viewing windows. There is a large computer in the corner wall shaped in four different shaped metal boxes, humming with activity and small pinging noises. The rest of the room is empty except for the center round table holding chairs.
Ezzard sits and taps on the closed book. Thank for surviving this round, chuckles. I will explain that too. I want you to look and examine the computer monitor over yonder on the far wall, they view the wall. This is a human karyotype for two people. Think of it like your vertical DNA but cut and sliced and shown sideways. Do you see the karyotype has 23 pairs of genes? Label one is the male, his 23rd gene is XX on the right. The second label is a female, the 23rd gene is XY. Do you remember from your high school biology class? they nod. I have placed and planted them side by side for a reason. Can you see something similar?
I stare at label one of the male then compare it to the label two of the female which are totally different in both length, height, colors solid or partial black or white when my eyeball catches Ezzard. He stands and covers a blanket over Effie then I spot something between the figures. Gene number eighteen is a vertical sequence of little tiny squares of seven possessing the same shade length and colors. The first square is solid black box, a narrow white box, a thin black box, a long black solid box, a long white solid box, a solid black box, and finally a thin white box. I finger the wall. Zee, when I count the vertical boxes down I see that gene number eighteen is exactly alike with the same length, height, width and colors on the male karyotypy thingy.
Ezzard smiles and nods. Karyotype. Yes, you are very observant. I wanted your eyeballs and neurons to spot and find the gene number eighteen duplication yourself before I explained. Gene eighteen of label one is precisely a copy cat of the gene eighteen of label two. He presses the remote control device, when a new figure displays label number three. You can see gene eighteen is different. It contains only five boxes with the first box a solid black then a solid white, a solid black, a solid white and the rest of the vertical line is solid black
Sterling frowns and nods. Yipe, this entire lecture is totally diff. Whats it all mean to me and Sondra, Ezzard?
I frown with confusion staring at him. What is all this about, Zee?
Sterling frowns. What the hells happening here besides another teen murder by you?
Please amuse me just for a little while longer. I promise with a crossed heart and a taste of my mamas apple pie you will understand completely. Ezzard nods and smiles, pressing the button on the remote control device, when a set of proper names appear over each label.
I gasp at the names. Jesus Christ, this is about Brother Jesus. Ya got a DNA sample of Jesus Holy Christ.
Sterling gasps then frowns.  Ugh!? Im really confused, Ezzard. Why am I confused and be-fucked?
Befuddled!? I giggle and stare at Sterling.
Sterling nods and frowns. I feel be-fucked. Why is Jesus Christs name on that monitor?
The Shroud of Turin, smiles Ezzard, sitting at the table.
Sterling frowns. Your computer presentation is about the Shroud of Turin. The Shroud of Turin is a fourteen foot long piece of linen cloth which shows the imprints of a man with long hair and a bearded face along with the markings indicating nailed feet and hands. I know of the myth, some folks believed that the shroud was truly used by Brother Jesus at his death but the faint imprints were very hard to prove.
Is this about war and fighting? I frown.
Sterling nods. Yes, it is
Naw, it is not, says Ezzard. A research team of trusted and scientists here in the United States used carbon dating concluding that the artifact is not a medieval fake but it dates back to a time period between 280 BC and AD 220. Mechanical and chemical thermal measurement tests conducted on the linen cloth analyzed the fibers using infrared lights which allowed the measurement of radiation intensity through wavelengths. There were three tests which all traced back to the date of Jesus.
I frown. Its a cloth.
Ezzard nods. Yes, a cloth kept inside the royal chapel of the Cathedral of Saint John the Baptist in Turnin, northern Italy. The image is very commonly associated with Brother Jesus, His crucifixion, and His burial, a contact relic. The black and white negative image shows the clear picture of a man with a beard first observed in the year 1898 on the reverse photographic plate of the amateur photographer Secondo Pia during and exhibition photo session inside the church.
Sterling/Cody frowns and debates. The origins of the shroud have been debated by scientists, theologians, historians, and researchers for over 200 years. And the cloth has been tested repeatedly on science disciplines ranging from chemistry to biology and medical forensics too. So why is your theorem more true than the others, Zee?
I nod. It is a linen fabric of some man with real body and hair fibers that contain microscopic data which has been scientific investigated, not solved. What does all this mean? Why are hiding inside a cottage on the schools campus?
Ezzard smiles and nods. The shroud is a rectangular mass of linen measuring 14.3 feet by 3.7 feet woven in three-to-one herringbone twill composed of flax fibrils. There is a distinctive faint brownish image of a front and back view of a naked man with his hands folded across his groin. The reddish brown stains are whole blood showing various wounds on the man that correlate with the yellowish image of the pathophysiology of the crucifixion as stated in the Bible description of Brother Jesus death
Sterling tosses his hand. And in the year 1532 in the chapel in Chambery, France the shroud was damaged in a fire with burn holes and scorched areas down both sides of the linen caused by contact with the molten silver during the fire then fourteen large triangular patches and eight smaller ones were sewn onto the cloth by a nun to repair it. So then maybe the blood belongs to the seamstress, there are many, many unexplained mysteries of the Shroud of Turin.
Ezzard flips pages of the thick book, fingering the object. We have hair particles from the photographer Secondo Pia along with Bishop Pierre dArcis at the church during the photo session. The bishop stated that the shroud was a forgery and that artist had confessed too the crime. He is not a child of Jesus.
Prove nothing, says Sterling.
Ezzard flips the page of the book, fingering the object. This is the hair follicle of Clement VII, the first anti-pope by the French cardinals. He drew his personal sword, commanded troops and put down over 4,000 civilians at the War of the Eight Saints in the year 1378. He is not a child of Jesus. Geoffroi de Charmy, a French knight of Lirey in the year 1353 died at the Battle of Poitiers in 1356. He is the child of Jesus. Then in the year 1453 his lady Margaret de Charmy deeded the Shroud of Turin to the House of Savoy. She is a child of Jesus. In the year of 1658 Duke of Savoy Emmanuel Philibert ordered the shroud brought from Chambery to Turin where it lies now. He was the only child of Charles III, the Duke of Savoy and Beatrice of Portugal. His mother was the sister of Charles V, the Holy Roman Emperor. At the death of his father Emmanuel inherited an empty honor since his lands were occupied and administrated by the French Habsburgs royalty, his first cousin King Philip II. Emmanuel was once a suitor to Lady Elizabeth Tudor, the future queen of England with no money so he married his half-first cousin, the Duchess of Berry who was the daughter of King Francis I of France. They had an only child named Charles Emmanuel I of Savoy. Duchess Berry and Duke Emmanuel purchased land of Turin then died there and was buried inside the Chapel of the Holy Shroud of the Turin Cathedral. He is a child of Jesus along with his biological parents. Dont you see the pattern? Everyone in contact with the shroud has some spiritual relationship to the cloth. Guarino Guarini was an Italian architect in the year 1657 who built a chapel to display the shroud being a peaceful priest, mathematician, and writer. He is a child of Jesus. In the year 1694, Priest Sebastian Valfre improved the repairs to the cloth performed by the nuns after the fire. He was born to a poor family and through struggle and effort managed to attend the University of Turin, graduating. Turning his devotion to the church, he administrated to the sick, caring with concern for the poor and needy of the kingdom, finding help for the widows, orphans, and providing comfort to prisoners along with ministering the faith of Jesus. He is a child of Jesus. Do you still doubt this? In the year 1868 the Clotide of Savoy made additional fixtures to preserve the cloth which remained in the House of Savoy until 1983 then it was given to the Holy See.
I narrow my eyelids at the sealed and protected colored hair strands. How did ya get the hair strands?
Ezzard smiles at me. The clergymen were easy since the church liked to preserve the remains of their priestly family member in various stated gross condition for some religious purpose. The rest are statesmen or nobles who were pulled from grave sites throughout the world. For example John Calvin in the year 1543 declared that the Saint John had lied inside The Bible that the body of the Brother Jesus was only covered in one wrapping sheet around his body with a separate sheet around his skull. Calvin convinced folks that the shroud was a falsehood. He is not a child of Jesus. King Richard, the Lionhearted in year 1191
I toss my hands, nodding. Okay, Zee! Okay, okay I believe ya that the people who fought for the Shroud of Turin were the children of Jesus. So what? What does it all mean to me and you and Sterling and poor dead Effie?
Sterling whispers. You and your people with drench and drown in blood for your crimes of evil. Your men and appliances of war cannot contend with my victory. Fear me, my brethren in the foggy fight, because its waves are strong. Its dangers are perilous. Its beast is terrible. Its winds are tempest
Ezzard nods and says. Dont ya see the pattern? They knew it. Sweet potatoes!?
You mentioned sweet potatoes before in our Journal Writing class. I love sweet potato pie too, I smile and nod.
Ezzard says. The vegetable root of sweet potato has been radiocarbon dated from 1000 AD in the Cook Islands. Sweet potato seeds came all way across the Pacific to Alabama. How is this possible?
I nod and smile. Sailors traveled by ships from their native counties to the sea islands and then to America.
Ezzard nods. Lets continue our history lesson Marco Polo traveled to China in the year 1275 carrying back home to Spain spices, jewels and silks.
He is a child of Jesus, I nod and giggle.
We dont really know if he was. Ezzard says. Between the years of 1405 and 1433 a Chinese captain named Zheng brought back the first giraffe to China then went back for more booty. He led seven major expeditions commanding the largest armada the civilized world including 28,000 sailors, 300 vessels of nine masts and 400 feet long. Columbus in the year 1492 had 90 sailors on three ships, the biggest being 85 foot long.
I smile. Geez, a wonder America came to be at all called Chimercia, giggles.
Zheng was really a Muslim from a rebel family when he was seized by the Chinese Army as a boy. Like many other prisoners of the time, he was castrated with his sexual organs completely hacked off
Sterling laughs. He is a child of Jesus that couldnt reproduce.
Ezzard exhales. The ancient China historical records of 7th century in the city of Guangzhou had 200,000 foreign residents living there consisting of Arabs, Persians, Malays, Indians, Africans, and Turks. By contrast, the largest city in Europe in the 1400s Paris totaled 100,000 folks. In the 12th century, China is wealthier, more advanced and more cosmopolitan than any place in Europe. Hangzhou was the Chinas capital at the time had a population of million. This is very impressive. A half-century before Columbus, Zheng had reached the continent of Africa and learned about Europe from Arab traders. The Chinese could easily have continued around the world
Whats your boring point, Zee? Sterling exhales.
Ezzard nods. The Chinese government in the year 1525 ordered the destruction of all ocean vessels. The greatest navy in world history had 3,500 ships compared to the US Navy 325 ships today. All the sea ships were destroyed setting China on course to poverty, defeat and decline. Some researches say Asia is a dominant social ethos of Confucianism along with India, not greedy. In contrast to Asia, Europe wanted both wealth and riches for the royalty. However on last sea voyage of Zheng all his ships struck rock off the eastern coast of Pate then the village was sacked and burned in the year 1440. The modern-day archeologists cannot find proof of the ships, no tombs, no pottery, no basket-weaving techniques, no silk pajamas, no swapping of animals, plants, genes, germs, weapons or peoples.
Sterling exhales. It sounds like the same old shit, greed and money along with war and death. They didnt pay their taxes to Uncle Sam, laughs with Sondra.
Ezzard says. The Order of the Knights Templar was founded in Jerusalem in 1118
Sterling frowns. We know all about the Knights Templar from television shows, from Hollywood movies, and from history books, Zee.
Ezzard says. Dont yall see the pattern? They covered it. In Westford, Massachusetts there is an engraved rock showing an emblem of a knight with a shield with a secret map that to leads
To Leed, I get it, winks and laughs Sterling to me. I giggle.
Ezzard frowns then says. Inside the Temple of Solomon, the first temple of God, the Knights Templar found a written stone reference to a new land across the sea named le Mercia. Therefore they traveled across the sea in their ships maybe into North America, maybe they were long here before Columbus, the Vikings, and the early Celtic. Christianity was told to the Native Americans too. Roman golden coins have been found in some rivers in the US State of Arkansas. The Native Americans tell and re-tell oral stories that even written in our American history books about the pale faced man who crossed the sea from the east 
Sterling nods and laughs. Okay, so the Vikings beat the shit out of the Templars on the very first play then the Native Americans whipped the asses of the Vikings. Yay! The foreigners all got screwed while searching for something. Whats the something, Zee?
I smile and nod. Are you searching for the real party of sailors who discovered America?
No, youre missing my point, Sondra? Think beyond a person, a place and a thing, fingers the screen on the wall. Gene eighteen is called the Jesus Strand because only He possesses that particular karyotype along with all his descendants...
Wrong-o, buddy! Sterling laughs. Theres been a Hollywood movie film made about this very same and sensitive subject matter most enjoyable to watch but not right. Brother Jesus doesnt have any children. And youre not a scientist, Zee.
I exhale viewing my hands. Im only a seventeen year old teen that someone wants dead.
What did you say, Sondra? Sterling frowns at her.
Ezzard nods and smiles. Im not a saint. Im a human. This isnt about religion. This is about life. I might be a bad boy but I promise Ill grow up to be a good man like my daddy. He is a firm daddy, a tender husband and a good businessman. He treats everyone equally and does not cheat anyone in his professional affairs. He does not get angry or mad only careful and cautious with me and his wife along with the other folks he talks and eats lunch with. I love my daddy. I want to be like my daddy. I am like my daddy and my mama since they gave me the Jesus Strand. They both possessed the eighteenth gene which is identical to Brother Jesus, fingers the screen. Label one is the DNA from the Shroud of Turin, Brother Jesus. Label two is Sondra from your blood test thats required before being attended into Antebellum House. She gasps when Ezzard presses the button. The three figures morph into five figures with labels one through five. The gene is fixed inside the host or hostess as stated by them. Nothing can replace it, destroy it or mutate it. But it is downloaded into your DNA makeup through your mama and daddy who are the only one that possess it. No two humans are genetically identical, even twins develop from one zygote have their own unique set of chromosomes which accounts for the differences in their appearance, personality, behavior and free will. However the Jesus Strand never ever mutates but is solely passed down in gene eighteen to the biological offspring. Genetics is the study of human DNA. It has both evolutionary and medically benefits helping future scientists understand and cure diseases of people from every geographic region on planet Earth. New research studies have found that a child has sixty new mutations within their DNA strand from their parents and grandparents and great grandparents which changes the child at birth from the brain patterns to the stomach lining. In biology, a cline is a continuum of the same species, populations, races or forms of organisms that exhibits one single gene cline which is presented defined and measured as the Jesus Strand in number eighteenth, presses the remote control devise. The screen fills with proper names.
Sterling gasps. My name is shown over label five.
Ezzard nods and smiles. Yes, Im not surprised. My name is over label four. I feel very fortunate to be selected with the Jesus Strand. Think about it, yall. The eighteenth gene has been passed down from a human to a human to a human from a generation to a generation to a generation for over 2,000 years. There is no family tree hanging on the wall. No marble tomb stones. No sculptures upon pedestals. No yellowish animal hide parchment. No oral stories sung the camp fire. It is only us, me, you, and them out there
How many people possess the Jesus Strand, Zee? I drop my mouth and nods.
Ezzard shrugs and exhales. We dont really know.
Sterling nods and slaps the table. This is why were being hunted and killed like a pack of rabid dogs?
Ezzard nods. Someone else knows about gene eighteen. See there on the monitor label three is Effie.
Sterling frowns at the dead body then views Zee. Why was she invited to attend Antebellum House? Who invited her? Thats where we can start our in-depth investigation.
I raise my hand, frowning with worry. I can answer that question. The board of directors where my Daddy sits too voted to admit a new crop of classmates like Lillard and Effie. Wow! Effie is not a child of Jesus. Antebellum House did this because the US Federal Government noticed that we were operating a high school outside the normal range of the government regulations. Yes, we are an independent school from the government, local or state. But we must follow the rules or we get hammered by the government. Theyll send in a team of lawyers and accountants investigating the school
Sterling frown. So who cares?
Ezzard nods. Its more complicated legally. Yall see we dont pay any tuition money to the school. The only requirement, one of your family members had served in the Civil War or the Revolutionary War, since that was our first battle as independent Americans. We dont pay money. Your parents dont provide funding for your room, food or books.
What books, babe? Sterling chuckles and winks at me.
Ezzard nods. They offer up a lump sum money donation to the school based on whatever financial measuring stick where my daddy has discussed with the board of directors.
Sterling frowns. If some family donates money then their kid should be able to attend Antebellum House.
Ezzard nods. Exactly, that has happened. Antebellum House must allow the other kids in for free if their blood-relative was a veteran of a war before the year 1865 too.
I nod and smiles. That creates a small pool of teens
That creates a small team of trouble..., frowns Ezzard.
I frown and shake my curls. Trouble, no! Were just kids having some fun and making trouble. Let the kids in then they didnt like it after a year then let them leave like Lillard. She planned to leave here at holiday break.
Ezzard frowns. Hmm! How can I explain this in a very delicate way? Were here to match, mate, and marry.
What? I gasp with Sterling.
Ya asked for the truth, chuckles Ezzard. The school only allows sixteen to eighteen years old. We are sent here by our parents to date and find our life-time mate. When we turn eighteen the legal age of marriage with permission of our parents within the law of Alabama we marry then take over the family business or go to college or do other stuff.
What? I drop my mouth.
How many times do I need to explain our purpose here at Antebellum House? Are you dense or dumb, honey?
Im stunned. Im here to marry my future husband. I nod and stare at Sterling.
Ezzard nods and chuckles. Any beau that tickles your fancy and youre here to tickle my fanny. Sorry, poor taste!
Sterling exhales. Stick to the main subject, Zee. Ya knew all along that she wasnt a child of Jesus but ya fucked her anyways
Ezzard views the dead body. That bitch definitely got a good ride on my golden balls, views Sterling. I knew she didnt possess the eighteenth gene but I didnt know that the bitch was trying to kill me or you. Honest, sugar that blow my homegrown cotton socks out of my boots.
Effie must have known that you and her possessed the Jesus Strand gene, nods Sterling.
Guess so but she is not the mastermind. The girl was both a bad ass and a bad academic student. And dont look at me like that with your sad doe eyeballs. I do not know. Yes, we will find out which is going to be dangerous to almost all the other students.
Sterling scans the room then Ezzard. Wait, the other students here at Antebellum House are the children of Jesus too.
Ezzard claps and chuckles. Ya finally got it!
Sterling views the table then Ezzard. Everyones in danger that possesses the Jesus Strand. Who doesnt possess the eighteenth gene?
Ezzard nods. I agree. My daddy gave me all this secret shit during the summer session. Believe me, I was shocked too. My understanding, no one knows about the Jesus Strand simply because of what has happening here this week. Yall know folks get seriously jealous when they cant something they really want
I ask. Who else is really us here?
Sterling frowns. The question, who else is really, not us?
I nod and smiles. Thats too easy. All the teens north of the Mason-Dixie line.
Ezzard frowns. Naw, your friend Lillard, the computer finished processing her strand of DNA. She is a child of Jesus. Herman was not a child of Jesus, he was attending since his relative was in the Civil War.
I view my hands. O thats so sad. She really belonged here with me us.
Sterling frowns and nods. And that changes everything about the working theory of the eighteenth gene only belonging to the students that were targeted and murdered. But what is the motive for the teen killings? I would guess some type of a decoy tossing us off their tail.
Ezzard stands. I agree. We gotta get rid of Effie. Well dump her in the cow pasture behind the forest. No one goes back there but the cows. The winter snow will
Ah, I stand and cover my mouth. Youre going to toss her body in the corn field without a decent burial. What about her parents? Her grandparents? Her sisters? The maggots will eat the body
Sterling stands and shakes his baldness and hands. Zee, ya cant do that. Youre scared of the US Federal Government now then theyll be breathing down your necks with a dead student. I suggest we tote and drop her onto her bedspread. Shell be found dead, tomorrow during breakfast roll call. We all know that she tried to kill the selected race without a true purpose, maybe jealousy. The end!
Ezzard nods. Yeah, thats a good plan plus freeing us from the crime.
Sterling fingers. Okay, cover and wrap her good with the plastic bags from the garage can, so she doesnt blood over the wood. Next, Sondra, get inside one of the blankets too. Me and Zee are carrying our loves back to their room so we take the belles staircase into the rooms in case one of the house staff members see us walking with the dead.

5:04 pm. Dogtrot Hallway.
Ezzard carries Effie. Her face shows between the folds of blanket like shes asleep. Her body is wrapped in plastic bags holding her dripping blood. Sterling grunts and carries Sondra. Sondra closes her eyelashes then opens them, giggling. He grunts. Geez, youre fucking heavy, Sondra. Ya need to lose some weight or I wont marry ya, darling, grunts and walks behind Ezzard.
Ezzard turns the corner into the belle parlor room then stomps up the stairs. The overhead lights wink off then on without frightening the beaus since theyre not really scared of silly she-ghosts only true human murderers. 
Sterling grunts and carries Sondra passing the life sized portrait of Mary Margaret Sommverville of 1867. The lights blink off when Sterling stops and grunts.
He hears the creak of the old paper on the portrait near his eardrum when a cool breeze blows behind his ass. Then he feels the cold barrel of a pistol behind the nape of neck, grunting and saying. Zee, one of the she-ghosts owns a gun.
What? Ezzard grunts then swings to Sterling. Fuck, Ween does own a gun.
Ween orders. Come into my parlawd room now, gentlemen!
Ezzard exhales. We dont have time for your fucking ass games, Ween.
Ween twirls the hand gun. Now Ezzard, little dude! he back steps on the bottom step when Sterling back steps then swings towards the portrait. He sees darkness then lightness.
Armistead laughs on the floor. Everyones little compared to T-rex Ween.
The room is high ceiling of wooden planks and narrow walls of dirty concrete designed in a rectangular shape. Ween laughs. I cant help that I be a giant at seventeen and he be a runt at eighteen years old. Ya like my little work room. It has small and medium sized fan blowing equipment creating the little tiny cool breeze between the cracks of the old picture frames, touches the wall. This wall was where Mary Margaret got it with the sword. The administration plastered over the wall leaving up for good luck. Or is this bad luck? He carefully steps through the archway of the fake picture hole then down the long steps making lots of noise.
Ezzard follows behind when Ween closes and bolts the archway portal of the fake portrait. He frowns with annoyance, squatting on the concrete floor. Ween, Im laying Effie on the floor then Im going to beat your ass
Armistead waves a shotgun barrel at Ezzard and Sterling. Dont think so, buddy!
Sterling sneers then lays Sondra on the floor. Sondra pretends to be asleep. Whats going on here, little boys before I whip your asses into tomorrow? Sterling stands over her body, snarling at the teens.
Ween walks down the steps then stands in front of Ezzard and Sterling. He waves his pistol side to side laughing. Antebellum is a Latin word for pre-war.
Theres no war here, dude. Sterling sneers.
He touches his shirt, smiling. My war, I am commanding a war.
Sterling swings his face, exhaling. Geez, hes mental, Ezzard.
Hes mine, Sterling, snarls Ezzard.
Sterling laughs, crossing his arms. Go for it, dude.
Ween exhales then smiles, saying. Effie, you can get up. I got them cornered now. Ya did a good job of finding them. Get up, honey, when Sterling and Ezzard tense from nervousness. Effie is dead. Ween waves the pistol at Ezzard when he back steps. Ween squats then tosses the blanket from her face gasping. Shes dead. Ive seen a dead body before
By your hand, Ezzard snarls.
Ween aims the pistol at Ezzard. Ya killed her.
Sterling sneers. Alls fair in war and murders, Ween. You
Shut up, Sterling! Ween views Effie.
Armistead waves the shotgun, grinning. Effies asleep thats all. Sterling drugged her or something. His daddys a drug lord.
Sterling chuckles. Hes a pharmacist, bozo.
Ween stands and view Effie. No matter, Im doing what I doing. Move towards the cave wall. This passage takes you down a tunnel into a hidden set of plant bushes then outside Loveless Mountain. Get going!
Ezzard holds his arms for show then swings around. Im moving in towards the cave just let Sterling and Sondra go.
Ween moves to Sondra lifting the blanket. Shes alive. I should kill her now.
Sterling stomps towards Ween. No.
Ween smirks then views Sterling. Good, I got a reaction. Shes alive and asleep. You carry her for keeping you alive and awake.
Sterling waves his hands. No, shes asleep. Leave her behind here inside the hidden room. When she awakens...
Ween kicks me when I grunt then growl. I rip off the blanket, sneering. Ya little shit, youre lucky that ya got a gun or
Ween aims the gun at Sondra. Now shes awake. She comes with us. Get up, Sondra.
Sterling kneels then assists Sondra into his chest. He turns and follows behind Ezzards ass inside the dark wet underground tunnel from the house into the forest. The tunnel has some wooden planks over the wall where rain water has leaked though the wall. Most of the walls are made of dirt and broken where the water has leaked down from the soil and flowers.
Ween, whats the probe up your ass? Since I plan to remove it when Im safe and youre dead, sneers Ezzard.
Ween talks behind Sterling keeping an eyeball on Ezzard. What happened to Effie? Why she dead?
She tried to stab me with a great big knife that found her little tiny heart for being a fucking killing bitch. The same ending is coming to you, Ween. So get scared and start praying, sneers Ezzard.
Huh, Effie had lots of guts just no brains. I told her to spy on you, not try and take ya out, says Ween.
Whats this all about, Ween beside ya being a stupid redneck dumbshit? Sterling sneers and cuddles me.
Ween laughs and aims the barrel at Sterlings back. Well, it goes something like this. When I last visiting here in the Leed forests I ran across an injun then he made me exchange my turtle eggs for a dead swollen turtle. I vomited that night here in the wilderness instead of enjoying a delicious meal next to that pretty girl named Tancy. So Im taking my meanness out on you, Ezzard.
Why do I deserve your meanness, Ween?
Your great-great-great grandfather bossed my great-great grandfather around the Civil War, says Ween.
Ezzard turns and faces Sterling and Sondra not seeing but growling at Ween. This is about family feud from the year 1860. During that time our families were fighting over land rights in Tennessee. Of course, my great-great-great grandfather gave in and offered the land for free to the Zillicoffers
Ween says. Move it. Were close to the bushes.
Ezzard spins around then walks. He stops in front of the bushes as Sterling helps remove the real plants and the real passageway. Climb up the homemade stairs. I can assure no body is there. Everyones at the hay ride where you should have stayed.
Ezzard leads up the dirt steps, over the grass then leads up the slanted smooth ramp of the mountain. He stands in the middle swinging around to Ween, sneering.
Sterling and Sondra cuddle on the opposite side. Sterling needs some elbow room from Ezzard before he attacks then kills the teen for pissing him off and upsetting Sondra.
I cuddle and cry into Sterlings shirt.
Ween smiles pacing side to side in the middle with the gun. Armistead stands on the side holding the shotgun barrel down. I wanna harm him, first.
Ween waves the gun. Our command center of the war room, not much but quiet and sometimes lighted from the moonshine, chuckles and waves the gun at the sinking horizon. Did ya know when a blue star explodes thats a dead Yankee? he laughs with Armistead.
Ezzard frowns with puzzlement. You killed all those innocent teens, Ween. Why ya be such a dumbass? Cause now we rednecks take an innocent murder personally against the murdering foe. Sos I guess I gots to kill ya deader than road kill, chuckles with Sterling.
Sterling nods. Armistead, ya killed Lillard or Herman? Which one, man?
Armistead frowns at Sterling then Ween. I didnt kill no body. 
Ezzard smiles. Ween killed Lillard or Herman in cold blood. So which one did you kill, Armistead?
Armistead frowns at Ezzard then Ween. I didnt kill any teen at Antebellum House. I joined up for the fun to whip an ass of a Cutshaw not to kill anyone, Ween, nods and licks his lips.
My bad, Ween shoots Armistead in the face with the pistol as the fireworks explode into the semi-dark sky. Armistead falls backwards busting his skull on the hard rock. Ween views and smiles at the fireworks. Fireworks, the sound of loudness, winks at Ezzard. Blood on rock just washes away. Bullet lounges in the rock for all eternity.
Sterling frowns. Your story?
Ween nods and smiles. My demon tail, the true horror of my life as the dead are being counted
Sterling frowns. Why are you hurting folks, Ween?
Ween turns then paces on the rock holding the gun at Ezzard. I have been rejected by my daddy and mama. I am left out in the cold as they say. He cut me from his Last Will and Testimony, the family inheritance and the family assets then tattles it to every folk who likes to hear a sad tale within my town. My girlfriend drops me like that. My mama doesnt love me like that. My brother is Lomax doesnt care about me like that. I am a nobody. I will eighteen next month and out on my own.
Ezzard frowns then smiles. Ill help ya, buddy.
Ween stops then swings to him, frowning with puzzlement. Why would you do that, Master Ezzard?
Ezzard smiles. Because Im a rich millionaire too, I set ya up in a house with a job. You can work for my daddy and me
I have confessed to the teen murders at Antebellum House and you still want to help me.
Ezzard smiles and nods. Yes, I wanna help you get on your feet. The world runs on money, without money you cant get a job or a house or a
Ween smiles then views the sky and then Ezzard, nodding. I cant believe this. It is so true. You are one of the nicest gentleman that I have ever encountered who possess the Jesus Strand, when Ezzard tenses with nervousness. Ween nods. Yes, you might can forgive and forget me and let it go. Naw, I cannot let go of the power struggle, the struggle for power, of power, with power, not for me, not a child of Jesus. I do not like that term. I like Zees sentence structure best. He is a child of Jesus, so eloquent and simple pro-fucking-found, laughs and bends at his waist when Ezzard stomps his boot on the rock. Ween jerks upright aiming the gun at Ezzard, shaking his skull. Naw, Ill not kill ya right off, I kill ya southern style make ya cry for your mama, Zee. I am not a child of Jesus, sobs with tears. My loving and caring daddy and mama told me right before school started. When I turn eighteen years old Ill be taken from the warm sweet bosom of Antebellum House and tossed out like day old corn pones, stale and unused. How can my parents do that to their child?
Ezzard nods and waves his hands. Youre adopted, Ween. Parents didnt do that to their biological children. You can come and live with me. Im a brother too here at Antebellum House. Ill take care of you like a brother. I got plenty of money and time too, bro. Think about it! You can finish high school someplace else since your adoptive parents dont give a shit.
Ween sobs with tears then wipes his nose. I give a shit. I play matchmaker now. Im only going to murder two of yall then the reminding two gets to marry and then suffer for the rest of your healthy living days on planet Earth with a future, a job, a bank account and a family unlike me with no future, no job, no money, no family
Sterling nods and smiles. Ya got a feud with the Cutshaws. Ya dont get a feud with the Pierces, so let me help ya, Ween.
Ween shakes his skull. Naw, youll tattle to your daddy then I become dead. This way I can live and enjoy my life as a pauper, a peasant, a pawn surviving on my revenge for the rest of my life. I am not a child of Jesus, he views the sky and shouts along with the popping fireworks. I am not a child of Jesus. I am not a child of Jesus, when Sterling wiggles his fingers and stomps closer for the killing maneuver. Ween laughs then draws the gun at Sondra. The question, can you reach me before I blow her brains over the rock? Blood just washes away from the rock. Bullets lounge into the rock forever. I do not miss my target, sir. I have been firing guns since I was six years old
The flying knife embeds deeply into Weens heart as I fall forward from my violent throw into Sterling arms. I growl. A southern belle always keeps her knife handy, sir.
Ween chuckles then touches the protruding knife. He pulls it out of his heart then drops the pistol. Ezzard darts down then rushes to grab the pistol. Ween back steps looking at his hand covered in his blood, laughing the sobbing. He tumbles backwards then falls onto the rock ledge as his skull splits into pieces.
Sterling drops his mouth then closes it. He cuddles me as I sob and cry. I have never killed a human
Its okay. You did good, darling, Sterling walks them down the ramp and then into the tunnel.

6:06 pm. hidden room.
Ezzard tears the bushes to shred entering the room then stands. He surveys the dark cool dank space. He laughs. All this time, there were mechanic fans blowing the cool breeze through the cracks of the metal picture frames at each person stomping up and down the staircase. I can see the tiny bits of light between the edges of the portraits. I guess one the teachers came up with the slick idea after they build the fake wall protecting the real bloody one. I guess one of the teachers selected a couple of dumbshits to do the dirty deed, views me and Sterling. I bet it old man Floyd. Hes an old bastard to all the other beaus and belles.
Sterling laughs and nods. Well, Ill tell ya what, Zee Ill get professor Skippy to beat the shit out of Floyd for his vicious evil deed. Hows that?
Ezzard frowns stomping up the stairs. You know Skippy?
Sterling nods and smiles. I like Skippy. Hes cool! He likes beating up assholes. I promise. Once I mention the she-ghosts and shitty fans hed love to find the artist behind these paintings, laughs with the others.
Ezzard nods opening the door when a hand grabs his arm. He sneers from the pain. Hey there, asshole. 
A hand grabs Sterling jerking him from the archway into a chest of muscle. Get off, buddy!
A third pair of hands twist around me when I scream and fight with my arms and legs. Let go of me
The unknown male sneers then swings around stomping down the staircase. Take them into the ball room. Brone wants to meet them.
Sterling tenses then fights with arms and legs. He kicks and punches when two men hold his shoulders dragging him down the staircase. He hears Sondra screaming and Ezzard cursing too. Sterling says with his head bent almost between his legs being restrained by the two older men. Your sorry piece of shit, wait until Im free then Im beating your ass, when he sees Ezzard and Sondra moving into the ball room.
The unknown male says to the unknown woman. We found three more kids hiding inside an old smelly room. You take good care of them while we search the stairwells and the rest of the sleeping chambers.
Cody kicks his boots missing when the two men shuffle from his side. The gun sound whamps a stream of bullets in the air exploding the rear skulls of the two men and an eyeball of the woman with flying blood and bone.
Cody, Fucner jerks Cody into his chest using his body to shield the flying bullets from the ball room archway. Fucner swings toward the front porch saying into Codys face. Cody, go and get help! We cover for
No, says Cody feeling Fucners wet clothing and super human pull towards the front porch.
Fucner slams Cody into wall as the gun sound whamps zoom passed his ears burning his hair. Cody, go and get help! A bullet zooms passed Fucners skull when he ducks low into Cody protecting the kid. He drags Cody along the peppered wall then stumbles over a dead body of a student and their parents. A third bullet zangs the paint job of door frame when Fucner rams his shoulder into Cody, panting and breathing hard. Run towards the highway. Theres money in the left heel of your cowboy boot and a cell phone sewn into the right lining of your jacket. Ya gots to gallop about two miles away from Antebellum House for an electronic ping to reach the nearest satellite tower before ya get a mobile phone signal.
Youyou come with me, Cody exhales both scared and mad feeling sad and brave. He completely understands Fucners orders but he wants to stay and fight.
Fucner slows his boots, heavy breathing and bleeding from his lips. Forget about me. This is bigger than you and me, Cody. These are terrorists maybe triple or more terrorist cells hidden somewhere inside our great State of Alabama, compliments of fucking dead Governor Ashmore, coughs then inhales a breathe. I wished the son of a bitch was alive cause Id drive the limo with the very last ounce of my strength to his fucking resident then assassin his ass.
Cody scans Fucners body. The shirt and jacket are covered in blood coming form Fucners wounds. Come with me, Fucner.
Fucner bends at the waist then raises his torso, sneering. Naw, I took a bullet for Is. Hes dead, Cody. They killed him during our first contact about fifteen minutes ago. Where were you hiding, son? We couldnt find your ass. Gawd, we thought ya dead within the teen and adult bodies lining the walls of the ball room. The executed the kids and their parents using semi-automatic guns. Therere a fucking swarm of em here at the school
Cody pants then smirks. I got school time punishment. I was camping out in the woodlands since yesterday afternoon fucking Sondra.
Fucner coughs then smirks. Shes a pretty one glad ya had a fun time here before your patriotic American duty.
I need to save Sondra. Cody grits teeth.
Fucner blocks him, smirking. Ill do just that for ya, boy. Im going back to help Skippy ifan that son of bitch has survived. Go son! Run as fast as you can and call lots of good guys. The terrorists must die now tonight. The USA is counting on your son.
Yes, sir. Cody nods then body spins running into the thick darkness of the forest then hears an array of bullets. His heart drops down into his boot toes but doesnt look back. He has to get to tell the law authorities and stop the terrorists on American soil at Antebellum House.
No! Come back, Brone dashes down the dogtrot hallway waving his arms then yells. Bring that kid back to me now. Dont let him escape from the school into the woodlands. Get that kid now! he stops and stares into the dark forest. The goose still lives.


The Jesus Strand.the finale of the Starlit Series.
