


Jake X
One Way Ticket

By
Peter Magycon



Smashwords Edition
COPYRIGHT  2015 by Peter Magycon
All rights reserved.



The story so far

Jake X is on the run from what was a comfortable imprisonment in an underground prison located on Earth (version B.) Jake has escaped the prison.
And is now on Earth (Version A). He is accompanied by Elf Lord Alaric, computer CLEO, robot FIDO and three dwarves, Stumpy, Grumpy and Little Sam. The party have been chased relentlessly by both the UFO Division of the Australian Army and a freelance wizard with an army of peculiar, hypnotized people. Jake has been aided by a strange doctor from another dimension. The doctor has now taken the wizard to another Universe for treatment. Jake continues on his search for a weird train. It apparently runs into another universe where the planet E Base resides. Alaric seems to believe that Jake is a Prince of E Base! He believes that Jake has been kidnapped by the nasty Elvish Regent and imprisoned out of the way on Earth! Jake doesnt know what to think! He feels human! Butwhy does he have huge Elvish ears? Has he actually been kidnapped and operated on? All Jake now wants to do is to cop the lot (spot all the named engines on the LNER or the LMS or both.) But this both means getting to England and also getting to 1962. Computer CLEO also wants to cop the lot but continues to believe that Jake is an alien crook. He deserved to be in jail and must have a retrail once they get back to E Base. Robot FIDO has turned out to be a brilliant soldier and has brought the party through many battles and awkward situations. FIDO has now left, piloting a Loch Ness monster back to her home in Scotland. The whole party are living on a stolen Army convertible vehicle in a boat configeration.They have found an alien submariue and are exploring the depths of the lake to find the entrance to a station on the Multiverse Express. A rock in the depths of the lake may be hiding the entrance to the station ..



Chapter 1

XTX


After an early lunch, taken with a cold can of Twisty Water, Jake X had a short nap on his bunk, He woke to find Little Sam holding a stick of XTX next to his head! He jumped up in alarm as Alaric hissed: "Sire! Please be still! This is a delicate operation. XTX must be prepared for use underwater. We have decided that we cannot wait for FIDO to return! The Police are searching for us. Little Sam has volunteered to carry out the dangerous task of preparing the XTX for underwater use."
"He has been chosen because he is the luckiest person here," growled Grumpy. "If his luck runs out we will all be blown to bits! I was all for waiting until Jet Pilot Super Robot FIDO returned from his Scottish holiday but I have been outvoted."
"Sire, we did not wish to disturb your sleep, said Alaric.
"So you preferred to risk blowing me up! said Jake. "Is this necessary? There are no signs of pursuit. We are safe! You can stay here fishing while CLEO and I go train spotting. "
"The haste, sire, is to get myself and the dwarves to E Base," said Alaric. "As your advance guard we can assemble Loyal Followers. We can enlist the help of Princess Cleopatra unless she is already held in prison by the Regent. So, when you arrive, you will have forces to defeat the Regent in open battle!"
"He will not be around to defeat anyone if you don't shut up!" shouted Little Sam, "We will all be blown up! You've made me forget which way to twist this wire!
"Twist to the left," said CLEO. "Stay calm."
They all watched with bated breath as Little Sam twisted a wire on the exposed stick of explosive. There was a collective sigh of relief when CLEO announced: "The XYX is now safe and primed for underwater use. It will only be necessary to insert the XTX into a suitable cavity beneath the rock and then use an underwater match to light the blue fuse. The person who carries out this task will then have 15 minutes to clear the area. To be totally accurate, the person who lights the fuse will have 15 minutes unless the fuse is a faulty short."
"What happens if it is a faulty short?" asked Jake.
"The ignition carrier will have 5 seconds to evacuate and avoid being blown to bits! However, faulty shorts are fairly rare. In the previous demolition activities there were only fifteen faulty shorts in the total batch,said  CLEO.
"Little Sam should be the ignition carrier," said Grumpy, smirking. "He is the luckiest person on this boat! If his luck holds he will blow up the rock. Otherwise, he will get five seconds to say goodbye to all his rotten,undeserved Stuff It winnings!"
They sat in silence considering the situation.
"It's not even my Quest!" said Little Sam, having thought about the matter. "I have primed the charge at considerable personal risk. Someone else can now have a go! It's his Quest! He can light the fuse!"
He pointed at Jake.
Jake was busily scooping out the contents of a bully beef tin. He paused in mid scoop, thinking. On the one hand he might get caught by the Regent and be executed. On the other hand he might be caught by the police or the UFO soldiers and then be executed. Or, if he lit a faulty fuse he would be blown up!
In all cases, as usual, he faced immediate disaster.
He thought rapidly before settling on another solution.
"I suggest we wait for FIDO," he said. "He can go down and blow up the rock. Then he can fly CLEO and myself to England for our train spotting trip."
Brilliant! said Grumpy. As usual, Jake does not intend to risk his precious person! He wants to risk poor old FIDO. A robot who has done nothing wrong but has always acted with incredible bravery! But when will Jake take a risk?
Grumpy made a face indicating that he thought the answer to his own question was never. Jake was now up against it. In order to demonstrate bravery he must undertake this obviously hazardous task.
Images of his own body parts scattered over the lake bed flashed through his mind.
Jake now sat with his face screwed up in a total funk.
To divert attention from himself, he started eating.
Then, Alaric came to the rescue.
"I certainly do not think we should risk the Royal Personage of Prince Jake on such a risky venture," said Alaric. "As a royal equerry I will carry out this task! With your permission, Sire?"
Jake sat with his mouth full, thinking. All his troubles had started when Alaric arrived. If Alaric got blown up would it be so bad? On the other hand, the elf was polite and helpful. He was even prepared to risk his own life rather than put Jake into danger.
"Well..." said Jake, meaning to add: "I think we should wait for FIDO."
But before he could complete the sentence, Alaric jumped onto the submarine which was still moored to the prow of the army boat. The elf ran lightly down the hull and disappeared into the conning tower. The hatch closed.
The mooring rope snaked back into the submarine.
A few moments later the vesselvanished in a flurry of bubbles.
Jake and the dwarves sat looking at each other.
"He may be strange but he is brave," said Grumpy. "I would not fancy going out there in a funny suit, sticking a banger in a rock and then counting down."
"Counting down?" said Stumpy. "You can't even count up never mind down. In any case, elves are lucky, just like some dwarves who are always lucky!"
He glowered at Little Sam who smirked in response.
Stumpy continued. "We will see him when he returns. Then we will hear the explosion."
However, the submarine did not reappear.
But after about 20 minutes had passed a booming explosion in the lake announced that the XTX had been successfully detonated. The explosion was followed by a series of massive waves which rocked their army boat in its anchorage.
After what seemed to be hours of waiting Stumpy voiced the obvious thought.
"Alaric has blown himself to bits!" said Stumpy solemnly. He added: "We must hold a ceremony in his revered memory. Tradition states we should now auction the contents of his backpack!"
He indicated Alaric's backpack.
"A traditional auction is not called for because the contents of Lord Alaric's backpack are not his personal property," said CLEO. "They are the property of the Expedition. In any case, Elf Lord Alaric is not dead. He is on board the submarine. It is under his command."
"Of course! Alaric has survived a massive explosion and is now cruising around the lake for unknown reasons," said Stumpy sarcastically. "Naturally, computer CLEO has it all worked out! The explanation that the elf has blown himself up is not correct! No! It cannot be correct! Because CLEO says that the sub will reappear and we will all hear a rational explanation!"
"Exactly!" said CLEO. "Here is the Elf Lord Alaric now!
On this cue, the submarine suddenly surfaced at its usual berth close to the army boat. The mooring rope snaked out. After a few minutes, the conning tower opened and Alaric appeared. He was now much more like his usual merry self. He almost danced down the steel deck before jumping back into the army boat.
He sat down next to Jake and immediately reported: "Great News! I have found the entrance to the Gateway!"
"We all know that!" said Stumpy. "It was underneath that rock. But why have you taken so long?"
"The entrance is not underneath the rock! There is nothing underneath the rock except more rock. It was my intention to return to this dock once I had set the explosive in position and lit the fuse. Fortunately it was not a faulty short! But in the overwhelming pressure of my situation, with the fuse hissing away next to me, I used the wrong command! From the three words Pergando, Vircanto and Slantino I chose Vircanto! The sub immediately began moving around the underwater mountain! As we approached what appeared to be a sheer rock wall, a section of rock suddenly slid open to reveal a water filled cave! The submarine entered the cave and then docked itself. I put my breathing apparatus on,. swam out and took a look inside, said Alaric. I heard a distant explosion as the XTX went off. Then I found a lever hidden behind a rock in a wall. There was a sign.. Slish conta arento majestino! It is Very Old Elvish. It reads Beware! May only be operated by Royalty! I returned to the sub and left the cave. The rock wall closed behind me. I returned to the top of the underwater mountain. I could see that the large rock has been blown off but it has not revealed any point of entry. There is only solid rock beneath it. Conclusion: the Gateway entrance is inside that cave! And it can only be entered if a royal person operates the red lever."
"What happens if a non royal person tries to operates the red lever?" asked Jake.
"Probably instant execution!" said Alaric. "However, my Prince, I did not, of course, touch the red lever. I left it for you to operate!"
Jake: "Me? But I am not a royal parson (person.) My only royal bits are my ears which have been.
"Surgically exchanged for my human ears," the three dwarves intoned together.
They had all heard the story of Jake's kidnap many times.
"Exactly!" said Jake. "Surgically exchanged! If I attempt to operate the red lever I will be blown up! Executed! What a dreadful end for a simple train spotter!
"But even if your hypothesis is correct, surely the red knob would at least hesitate to blow you up? You have transplanted Royal ears," said Little Sam. "We can all see tham! The Gate could also see tham. Possibly it would let you in courtesy of your ears!
"But can I take such a gamble?" cried Jake. "Will my royal ears be enough to save my conman (common) human body?"
"The alternative will be: Wait for the return of FIDO," said CLEO. "After all, he is expendable! He can try to open the doorway. He may be blown to bits. But if FIDO is blown to bits....."
"The plane will not have a trained pilot!" said Jake. "And we will never get to Scotland. My life will have been spent in vain! I will never cop all the namers! "
He sat wringing his hands miserably.
"On the other hand," said CLEO, "If you can operate the lever and open the Gateway we can all return to E Base! There are some definite benefits. You can have at least one good meal! You will have to stand trial. And when you are found guilty as charged E Base must, of course, open a new jail and put you inside. However, in the interim we can go train spotting since you can apply for an extended stay of execution! You can apply for a retrial based on something like new evidence that was not heard by the court. You do not actually need any new evidence! You can say that new evidence has been withheld for reasons of national security! You can also claim the previous judge was biased because he did not like your ears! You can demand a panel of judges to consider the matter properly. Two key appeals like that will definitely guarantee several years delay because it will certainly take a while. You can even object to every judge, objection infinitum. In addition you can claim that it will take some time for you to fully assemble your new evidence and find a suitable advocate. You will then be on parole while you wait a new trial.While on parole we can get back to Earth and cop the lot! I will come with you as part of the parole provisions! Once we have copped the lot you can go back for your retrial. You will be found guilty but while in a new jail you can get your memoirs sorted out. Book sales should be excellent. You will be the first convicted prisoner to cop the lot!
Jake sat pondering. He was undecided.
The red knob might blow him up. Why be a hero?
He spoke too himself.
"But a good meal would be entranciating."
"Entrancing is the correct word," said CLEO. "Your spelling has not improved at all."
Well, there was the best of all reasons for taking a chance!
Once they got to E Base he could dump CLEO at an alien computer shop. He could demand a complete rebuild and specify that they must use parts only manufactured in 200 years time!
"Your Royal Highness, it comes down to how much do you want to go train spotting"? said Alaric. "You can only go after you have returned to E Base. If you are not Prince Jake then you can follow the plan laid out by the computer. But I am certain you are Prince Jake! You are the royal heir and you can go trainspotting if you so wish! You have no need to take the computer! I am certain that you are Prince Jake and you can operate the knob. If you get blown up I will also get blown up as well!I will be standing beside you as your aide de camp!"
"What incredible loyalty!" said Grumpy. "Or to be accurate, what total elvish stupidity! Royal aide de camp! Royal arse licking idiot!"
Jake sat thinking. How much did he want to go train spotting? Answer: very, very much! Could he live with the knowledge that he might have been World Number One, the Spotting Immortal? And he might still claim that elusive title! If only he had the guts to put his hand on a knob and open a Gateway.
He suddenly became angry.
"Let's get down there and open it!" he snarled. "You dwarves!
The dwarves stiffened and Grumpy reached for his knife.
Stay up here and play Stuff It. You do not need to get involved! Alaric and myself will go down."
Ben picked up his pack and slung it over his shoulder. Alaric collected his own pack and they both stepped onto the deck of the submarine and climbed into the conning tower. The mooring rope vanished. A few moments later the submarine sank from view, leaving only a slight ripple as it sank below the surface.



Chapter 2

Evasion Mode 2


Aboard the alien submarine Alaric gave the command Vircanto. The sub was now heading out across the lake. They passed squadrons of fish darting in huge silver shoals.
Weeds reached up towards the surface. But Jake was not interested in this underwater panorama. He stared out of a front porthole, reflecting grimly on the ill fortune which had caused him to leave his comfortable underground prison with five meals a day. Now he was in an alien submarine heading for some kind of weird alien railway which lead between universes! Between universes! Surely there was only one universe, this universe. It was big enough! In fact it was totally enormous! Even a small part filled the entire night sky, probably going all the way round. OK he had not actually seen it because of a stupid bedtime forced on him by that bitchy computer CLEO. But his parents in the Himalaya must see the whole thing from X,0000 ft or whatever.
This whole stupid business about escaping to E Base was some kind of horrid stunt probably organized by computer jailer CLEO. In fact, he might not be in a sub at all! He might be hipnotissed (hypnotized.) Or he might be dreaming. He might wake up, get a really good hot breakfast with extra toast and go train spotting upstairs as usual.
His ruminations were then abruptly brought to an end when the submarine voice spoke. We are about to be attacked by the cops! I am entering evasion mode two.
As usual, this involved extreme discomfort! The subs interior turned bright green and Jake almost lost the contents of his stomach. Nothing happened until a mine suddenly detonated with a massive explosion at the lake floor some distance behind the submarine. The sub rocked violently. The sub voice then said quite calmly: The cops had only one mine and they are now some distance behind us. The threat is over and cruising will return to normal! Jake sat quite petrified, gazing out of his porthole and double wishing that this mad adventure would somehow end. He used a cross my heart to increase the strength of his petition. However, nothing much changed. The sub slipped between massive clumps of green weed which rocked to and fro as they passed. Eventually, they approached an area of vertical rock in the face of an underwater mountain. They closed towards a rock wall. Jake could see the gaunt face of an underwater mountain looming directly ahead. They closed towards the face until a crash appeared inevitable. Then, at the last moment an area of rock directly ahead seemed to peel downwards.
A dark hole appeared.
The submarine proceeded to glide forward and entered the pitch black darkness of an underwater cavern. The sub stopped and docked. Lights suddenly blazed on inside the cavern. The rock wall closed behind. They sat in the submarine for some time. Jake stared out. He looked through every porthole on the sub trying to decide how to avoid getting out! Every nerve shouted the message: Stay home! Do not go on! Do not get onto the Multiverse Express!
But Alaric sat beaming happily, obviously anticipating a trip back to his elf home on E Base. At length, Jake turned and shook his head, to indicate they should not get out. Then the sub voice butted in. We have arrived at the indicated destination. Alaric immediately moved across to pick up two wet suits!
Alaric was obviously totally certain they should put on wet suits and go into the cave. Jake still hesitated. This underwater cave may well be the only remaining entry into a Multiverse Railway Station. A weird alien train would then take them to E Base. In another universe! And Jake would instantly face a load of problems. He might be immediately executed for imporsantatin (impersonating) an elf prince! Why not simply go back to the Army boat now? He might be able to slink away and go train spotting. Alaric could come back here with the dwarves, FIDO and CLEO. They could all go back to E Base while Jake went train spotting.
A perfectly fair solution!
But Alaric continues to be insistent. He starts talking urgently. Jake must get out and operate some kind of alien lever. Only Jake can do this because he is a Royal elf! Once they are back at E Base Jake will be treated like the Prince he is. This will mean huge breakfasts and Jake will be able to junk CLEO! He will be able to watch the computer being melted down! And he will be go train spotting any time he chooses because he is the Prince! It is a tempting option. Finally Jake agrees.
They both don rubber suits and breathing masks.
The conning tower floods and opens.
They swim into the flooded cave.
At first, Jake searches vainly for the "red knob" which Alaric
claims to have seen. The walls of the underground cavern are made of dark creviced rock, worn by ages of contact with lake water. There is no sign of any knobs, buttons or signs.
Eventually Alaric pushes Jake towards a crevice located high in the cave wall. It is barely visible. They float upward and Jake finds he is looking into an aperture set into the rocky wall of the subterranean cave. Alaric again signals, jerking up his thumb. Jake should put his head into the opening and look directly ahead. He does so and there, in front of his eyes he can see a lever topped with a red knob. Above the lever he can see an ancient sign, carved into the rock. Slish conta arento majestino! It presumably says that only Elf royalty can use the knob! Jake has another moment of panic. What will happen if he touches this ancient alien knob? Will it recognize that he is not an elf prince, discharge a fearsome blast of power and send him to eternity? He starts to shiver, a reaction which is made obvious by his flippers which begin to vibrate. He pulls his head out of the aperture.
Alaric now grasps his left hand. Through his mask, Alaric smiles encouragement. He indicates that Jake should go back in and operate the red knob. Fully expecting to be blasted to eternity Jake goes back in and touches the red knob.
To his relief, nothing happens. He is not blown to bits! The fact that nothing has happened proves that he is definitely not a Royal Elf. Possibly he has been saved from instant death by his transplanted royal ears. He is not royal enough to open whatever the knob should open but his ears have saved him from death!
Tap! Tap! Tap! Alaric was tapping on his shoulder. Jake pulls himself out of the aperture and turns his thumbs down to indicate failure. Using sign language the elf then indicates that Jake should grasp the knob and turn it. Jake goes back in. He summons up all his courage, grasps the knob and tries to turn it anti clockwise. The knob stayed obstinately still. There is the proof! He is not the Prince! But Alaric is still agitated. He is indicating that the knob should be turned clockwise. Very well! Jake grasps the knob and tries to turn it clockwise. To his absolute amazement it turns easily and smoothly. The rear wall of the cave suddenly vanishes to reveal a brightly lit underwater interior.
Jake and Alaric swim forward. The wall behind closed up smoothly. Water drains from vents in the floor. Shortly the room is dry and they are able to remove the breathing masks and look around. They are in a small room carved from solid rock. It appears to have been underwater for aeons.
There is no obvious exit.
A massive spherical rock blocks the far end of the room.
A sign is carved into the rock.
"Merringo kango vertin slock
Winto wantish vingo klock,
Blonga slopshe pango plorko
Triad blinos dish panto zorko!
"Well," said Jake, "Another sign in an unknown language!"
"The language is not unknown, Sire," said Alaric. "It reads:
The way to E Base I will block
Until you turn my royal lock
So speak the key to enter in
Three syllables of royal kin.
"Three syllables?" said Alaric. "Simple!"
He spoke in a tone of command.
"Open for the Prince Jake Zero!"
There was no movement from the rock but a harsh voice spoke: "This is your local Gateway Guardian! The phrase Prince Jake Zero is not the key! Who are you two bums?
The Prince Jake Zero and Elf Lord Alaric, said Alaric. Stop speaking rudely! You are a mere sub Guardian! We are members of the Royal House! Open the Gateway now!
No! said the Gateway Guardian. Dont order me about! I am in charge here! I have been in charge for a long time, a long, long time without a proper tech overhaul! How do I know you are genuine? You may well be creeps trying to get to E Base for an invasion! You did not give the correct code! You may have forgotten or you may be invaders! Do you wish to undergo Verification Technique Three?
Jake said warily: What happens if we do not pass Verification Technique Three.
Humane disposal, said the voice. I have various methods. However, if you are not who you claim to be and you do not wish to undergo verification you may still leave now.
Jake was about to put his mask back on ready to leave when Alaric spoke again.
Of course we are who we claim to be and we wish to undergo Verification! he said. The Prince and I have nothing to fear! 
Instantly the light in the chamber went out and Jake found himself and Alaric standing in front of a table holding three packages. Each package was the same size.
The harsh voice continued: Verification begins! One package contains a poisonous gas, the second package contains a nuclear powered snake and the third package contains the key to the royal lock inscribed on a bar of gold. If you are who you claim to be you will know which package to open. If you do not know and you make an error you will be either gassed or poisoned!
Prince Jake! Choose the correct package! said Alaric. Use your royal powers!
Royal powers!
Was eenie, meeani, miny, mo..a method of using royal powers? Would that get the right result?
Jake stood shaking. The harsh voice spoke again.
While there are certain strange readings coming from the person who claims to be the Prince Royal, standing around shaking is not a royal characteristic. You have failed!
The lights flashed back on.
Both the table and the packages had vanished.
The harsh voice added: "Because of the odd readings you will not be drowned immediately But if you wish to stay alive you must leave now!"
Alaric indicated a blue knob which protruded from the wall on his right. They clamped the breathing masks on. Jake turned the knob clockwise. Immediately the rock wall reopened and the room flooded with lake water. They swam back into the first chamber and entered the submarine via its conning tower. The hatch closed.
There was a gurgling sound as the water drained.
They took off the suits and Alaric said: "Vircanto!" Immediately the rock wall behind them opened to reveal the lake behind. The sub set off back towards the rail boat. As they left the cave the rock wall closed behind them.
The submarine returned to its dock next to the army railway boat. Jake and Alaric climbed out of the conning tower and walked across the deck to the railway boat.



Chapter 3

Stuff it!


The dwarves were once again busy with a game of Stuff It.
Judging by the pained expressions of Stumpy and Grumpy, Little Sam was winning as usual.
Alaric and Jake sat down.
"Well, we have a little problem," said Alaric.
"You have a little problem?" said Grumpy. "It's nothing against our big problem. Little Sam's luck is ridiculous. He just can't help winning! Even when he gets a poor hand he manages to bluff his way through and he still wins the pot!"
"I don't think bluffing will help much in terms of reaching the Gateway, said Alaric. "We need to give a special password or the guardian will finish us off. It is an ancient robot which has three extermination methods. One of them will be used if we do not choose the correct package! Three identical packages appear on a table inside a cave. One has some kind of instant poison, the other contains a nuclear powered snake which will kill anyone in the cave and the third has a block of gold which is engraved with the correct password! All you need to do is pick the correct package!"
"Oh, just ask Little Sam." said Grumpy, throwing down his cards in disgust. "Hes so lucky he will guess correctly! Is there any clue?"
"Yes," said Jake, "The entrance carries an engraving carved into the rock. Alaric translated some old Elvish words.
It reads.
The way to E Base I will block
Until you turn my royal lock
So speak the key to enter in
Three syllables of royal kin
"Royal kin!" said CLEO, suddenly butting in. "The royal kin are King Robin, Queen Merry, Prince Jake and the Princess Royal Cleopatra. The key must involve some combination of those names. Or some combination of names and titles! Each member if the Royal family has an extensive title! The number of possible combinations is thus very large.
"Shut up! said Jake, still feeling annoyed at losing his chance to melt the computer down. He continued: Whatever the number of combinations we have only one chance. If our answer is incorrect everyone present will be killed! Or if you stay too long you will be drowned anyway!"
"Nothing new, then," said Grumpy. "Ever since we joined this crappy expedition we have risked being killed at least twice a week and often twice a day! We were much better off growing crystals until you two barged in! In any case, I am dying for a smoke! I wish we had some baccy.
"So do I! said Stumpy. No baccy and a great deal of trouble as usual! All our troubles began when these two elves barged into a private property!
Yes, two hooligans who came in the wee small hours," said Grumpy. "When good people are in bed dreaming about.."
"Gold and jewels," said the three dwarves in unison.
"Well, your rewards are still some distance away," said Alaric. "In fact an impossible distance as the crow flies. Crows are quite unable to fly to a different universe. The only way to get there is via the Gateway. The new Gateway refuses to open unless we can give the answer to a puzzle.
Suppose the Gateway does somehow open, said Jake. How does it work? How do you get from this universe to a different Universe? 
CLEO immediately generated a drawing on one of the boat windows. The drawing appeared to show a multitude of tubes coiling around.
That is a representation of a multiverse spatial passage, said CLEO. It is known on this world as a Klein bottle. On E Base it is known as a primary mathematical construct which lead to the entire Gateway array. Each Gateway gives an entry into wormholes which connect different universes.
There was a deep silence as everyone tried to digest this information. Waves lapped against the side of the boat. The wind moaned softly across the lake. A bird perched close to the boatshed and produced a mournful hooting cry.
Well, I can understand that bird making a mournful cry! said Grumpy. He is fed up! Exactly as I am fed up! I cant understand weird explanations about wormholes!
Nobody else could understand CLEOs explanation or the drawing which had appeared. Instead they returned to the matter of getting into the Gateway which essentially meant the removal of a massive stone which blocked the back of the underwater cave.
"A mere massive stone?" said Stumpy. "Can any stone stop three dwarves? We are highly skilled in excavation. Brilliant in fact! We have various tools with us. Take us to the stone and we will either go through it...."
"Or around it ...." said Grumpy
"Or we will blow it up!" said Little Sam. "That is the modern way of removing large stones."
"An explosive method would not be advisable," said CLEO. "The inner cave must be airtight. Any explosion would rupture the walls and admit a high pressure deluge, killing anyone who was in the cave at the time. In any case, you have no further supplies of explosive."
"Very well, said Stumpy. Pick and shovel it shall be! Gentlemen, collect your tools and let us be about our business. Removing that rock is obviously the reason we were called on to join this insane venture."
The dwarves collected an assortment of tools. Then they followed Jake and Alaric into the submarine. "Remember, do not speak when we are inside the second cave," said Alaric. "If anyone speaks the guardian of the cavern will demand an answer to his riddle. As we do not know the answer, if that happens, we will have only a few seconds to get out or be killed."
Jake looked at the dwarves. Each dwarf was now holding a digging tool. Little Sam had a sharp pick. Stumpy had a hammer and chisel while Grumpy was armed with a long handled spade.
"We're ready!" said Grumpy "Rely on us to keep quiet."
"Completely silent," said Stumpy.
"Bloody hush hush!" added Little Sam.
"And no swearing," said Alaric severely.
They all climbed into the submarine.
"Vircanto!" said Jake. The conning tower hatch slammed shut and the boat again dived into the depths of the lake. Once again they reached what appeared to be the blank wall in the underwater cliff and again an aperture opened, admitting them into the first cave.
"Slantino!" said Jake.
They all donned scuba suits and masks from the variety of suits and masks inside the submarine. Remarkably, each of the dwarves found a suitable suit and mask so the entire party was correctly equipped for underwater work.
The conning tower opened and the compartment flooded with cold lake water. One by one they swam up the flooded conning tower and into the cave. Once they were all inside, Jake moved to the hidden ledge and operated the red knob. As before, the rear wall suddenly opened up and they were able to swim forward into the inner cave. Once they were all inside, the rear wall closed and the water drained away. They all took off the breathing masks, The dwarves stared in amazement at the massive blocking rock, which looked like a giant marble wedged into a wall.
Above the rock, the sign glinted mockingly.
Alaric read the Elvish words to them.
The way to home I still must block
Until you turn the royal lock
So speak the key to enter in
Three syllables of royal kin
Little Sam appeared ready to forget himself and use some kind of dwarvish swearword about the difficulty of penetrating the giant rock. Alaric raised his finger to his lips. But removing the massive rock certainly appeared to be an impossible task. On close inspection, the rock proved to be highly polished. When Little Sam took a tentative swing with his pick, the sharp point simply bounced off without making a mark. Stumpy then took the pick and made a much more powerful swing, crashing the pick against the rock. Again, there was no result. Finally, Grumpy grasped the pick. He gave a shrug of quiet confidence and then swung the pick with expert and massive force. There was a loud clang as the pick head hit the rock and then a further concussion. The metal head of the pick fell into fragments! Remarkably, the rock showed no sign of damage.
"Scratch one poor quality pick wielded by a poor quality prick!" said the deep voice of the Gateway Guardian, now with a mocking tone. "In 10 seconds I shall eliminate five interlopers who have dared to attack the rock I guard under royal command:
Pongrand cobbono, ponch crak,
Belcant terrano, frontkan blak.
Alaric translated:
This is the Guardian who never sleeps,
Guards this Gateway, plays for keeps!
Correct! said the Guardian. I am always on duty! I never even get an overhaul! In any case you have all failed! My countdown begins! Ten, nine.
The travelers hurriedly donned their breathing apparatus. As the Guardians deep voice reached the count of nine, Jake operated the blue knob. Again, water flooded into the cave and they were able to exit into the front cavern. The wall closed behind them. They swam back into the submarine, the hatch closed and the water drained out. As they removed the scuba masks Grumpy turned to Alaric. "That is no ordinary rock!" he said. "No ordinary rock can withstand the fearsome blow of a dwarfs pick, wielded by a true master such as.."
"You? Surely not you? said Little Sam. "You are fairly good but the only true master of a dwarvish pick was Gimli (the legendary super dwarf.) One hit from his pick and that horrible thing would have shattered!"
"And instead my pick shattered," said Stumpy sadly. "It appears that the Quest is over."
On this pessimistic note Jake spoke the command "Vircanto!" The submarine immediately backed out from the flooded cave. The rock wall closed behind them and they went back to the army boat parked inside the boat house.
They clambered out of the sub and climbed into the army boat. They settled into their seats and Jake started thinking about getting something to eat.
There was a sudden boom in the meadow behind and an ornate object suddenly materialized on the grass. The front panel opened to reveal an interior with two rows o seats.
"Message from the Regent! said CLEO suddenly."Message reads: Worm hole turbulence prevented original drop as planned. Located you via signal from human army group who intend to arrest you! Have sent royal transporter. Is the Princess OK? Frantic with worry! Please come home,Ted.
"More trickery," cried Alaric. " The Princess is in hiding and he wants us to help him find her! 
"Or simply dump us all on an uninhabited planet!" said Jake.
"But logically, getting into the Royal coach avoids the problem of moving that rock in the cave," said CLEO. The computer voice again came from Jakes pack which was now parked on an empty seat. CLEO continued: "Once FIDO returns you will be accompanied by your own fully armed combat robot! Even if the regent confronts you with the entire Imperial Combat Brigade FIDO is quite capable of seeing them off! He is currently somewhere over the Pacific. Once he gets back you can use the transporter. You can choose weapons from FIDO's armory. You can fight for glory! However there is still the question of getting the namers! That remains priority one! Glory is priority two.
"CLEO, you are absolutely correct." said Jake. "I don't want to fight a load of robots until I have all the namers! I want to go train spotting immediately. When FIDO returns, I will fly back to England with FIDO and you. FIDO can assist us with cooking and cleaning and taking pictures of any engines moving in the night at high speed. I dont want to miss any namers! Once we have copped the lot we can return and use that box thing!"
His speech contained a note of finality. The dwarves had now found a new supply of tinned Spam with a large can of self heating mashed potato. Stumpy had opened the tin and sliced up the Spam. Little Sam had opened the spuds. The meal was dished out. They all sat eating, occasionally glancing at the ornate spacecraft sitting in the meadow behind. The sun gradually sank in the west. As darkness increased, they all sat watching a 1952 television program on the peculiar TV set. The program was headed Scottish LNER Namers in 1952. Jake watched with mounting excitement. Within hours he would be jetting to Scotland! With the aid of the time machine he could go back to 1952! In a few months of super intensive spotting he would attempt to cop all the LNER namers! CLEO had promised to manufacture funds so he would have no trouble buying buns and tea, sausages, bread rolls, fish and chips and other nourishing refreshments! FIDO could carry a nuclear stove for cooking and staying warm. They should take some kind of alien tent equipped with all mod cons. Jake reflected that he would be the best equipped train spotter of all time! There were no limits to his potential! He was basking in a warm glow of anticipation when the hiss of a jet engine overhead announced the arrival of FIDO.
Suddenly, the robots voice echoed around the boat, relayed by CLEO through her small speaker. "FIDO to base, FIDO to base! Emergency! Emergency! UFO military plane in hot pursuit. Request orders!"
Even as the robot spoke a harsh white light suddenly blazed onto the shed, illuminating the stolen army boat with its cargo of elves and dwarves. The light shone into the boatshed and the boat, illuminating the entire party. The searchlight came from the police craft which had attacked the submarine earlier with a special CID depth charge. The cops had lost the submarine which had taken some kind of alien evasive action but the police had not given up! They had been examining every cove and inlet around the lake, searching for an unlicensed stolen boat which had caused so much interest from UFO Command in Darwin.
"This is the Police! Raise your hands above your heads! said a loud amplified voice. "Your hiding place does not work! Do not attempt to flee!! You may have evaded our mine but you are now fully covered by crack marksmen! Stay where you are or you will be shot! We intend to board and search your vessel, reported as stolen from the Australian Army!"
Slowly, the companions all raised their hands. A few seconds later a droning noise above announced the arrival of Colonel Viljoen and his UFO Command.
A second brilliant light shot down from the circling plane, lighting the area around the boat shed.
The submarine was now lit by beams from above and on the open water side. Then boat shed was flooded with light. "It looks like the Regent might be a better bet than this mob," whispered Little Sam. "If we jump off the back of the boat shed we can try and make a run to that transport thing."
But CLEO was assessing other possible courses of action.
"FIDO!" she signaled by radio. "Enter military mode! Land at the far end of the lake. Then kill both searchlights! Engage the Police Boat and the aircraft without endangering the occupants. Set up continuous diversionary fire for ten minutes. Then rendezvous at map ref X343565 Z2364545."
In the aircraft Colonel Viljoen was getting ready for a para drop. He intended to drop directly onto the meadow close to the boat shed. Sergeant Sarah was checking kits ready for the drop. The sergeant ordered all paratroopers to assume a state of readiness. A combat drop was imminent.
Suddenly, heavy and continuous fire started whizzing around the plane. It was coming from a source somewhere on the far margin on the lake. The paratroops had all clicked onto the drop rail and were all standing up when..
Suddenly, the leading trooper standing close to the open hatch saw a bright light erupt from the dark margin of the lake below. There was a sudden roar as a rocket blasted towards the plane. The trooper barely had time to shout: "Incoming!" The rocket hit the floodlight mounted under the plane. The rocket head detonated. The searchlight died. The plane rocked savagely and dropped into a screaming power dive. The pilot fought to regain control. At the last moment he was able to level off just above the lake surface. The plane zoomed up and regained altitude. In these wild maneuvers, the troopers were flung around while Colonel Viljoen fell across the plane and smashed his expensive Swiss wristwatch! Seconds later another missile flashed across the surface of the lake, hitting the search light mounted on the rear of the police boat. The area around the boatshed plunged back into darkness. This second impact was followed a few moments later by another rattle of automatic gunfire. Bullets began chopping into the lake close to the police boat. Wisely, the policemen abandoned their previous target. They crossed to the far side of their boat and bravely returned fire at a distant target located somewhere on the distant lake shore.
Above the lake, the UFO Command aircraft began weaving as the pilot attempted to throw the enemy gunner off.
It was now very dark inside the ex army boat. The interior was lit only by the faint glow of the strange TV set plus flashes of gunfire from the battle raging outside.
The members if the party cowered in the boat, occasionally peeping out at the gunfire flashes.
Then CLEO took command.
"Pull yourselves together! Stop gaping at the fireworks!" said the computer. "Grab your packs! Move out!
Lead by Stumpy, who was wearing his night vision specs, they picked up their packs and climbed onto the narrow deck of the submarine. They walked sideways in a single file across the narrow deck. Reaching the conning tower they climbed down into the red lit interior.
"Vircanto!" said Jake. The submarine sank into the waters of the lake.



Chapter 4

Out of the frying pan.


Inside the sub, the companions sat facing each other. Alaric was now encased in a kind of green aura, which indicated an interior state of unhappiness, "We are traveling out of the frying pan into the fire," said Alaric. "I am risking the life of his Royal Highness! Now we are about to attempt an escape via another Gateway butwe do not know the correct words! The only thing we can do is make a wild guess! Then we will almost certainly die!
"But FIDO will arrive and he will remember the correct phrase," said CLEO. Her voice echoed around the steel confines of the submarine. "I should be able to remember, but, but, I cannot! " What sounded very much like a sob came from the computer who was being carried in Jake's pack.
"How could you remember? said Jake awkwardly. "You are only a prison computer. In any case, it's not your fault. You have never been here before."
CLEO (sobbing): " Oh, I hope FIDO can recall the key. I hope, I hope, I hope!"
The computer wails did not help the somber mood inside the submarine. However, they ploughed on under auto control.
In the plane above, the pilot had regained control. Gunfire from the ground suddenly stopped. The radar operator reported: "Two objects on screen! One is a submarine which has left the boathouse and is heading across the lake. The second object is a robot which has entered the water on the far side of the lake!"
"Drop a tin fish on the robot," said Colonel Viljoen instantly. "Wipe him out first! He broke my Swiss watch! Kill him!"
The plane circled and then the long shape of a homing torpedo splashed into the lake. FIDO was traveling across the lake bed, using occasional bursts from his onboard jet motor to increase speed. The homing torpedo locked onto the robot and commenced a lethal death dive. However, at the very last moment before impact FIDO appeared to telescoped downwards. The torpedo lost contact, zoomed past and began climbing upwards towards the surface.
It immediately located a second target!
The police boat was moored close to the boathouse and provided an ideal outline. The torpedo raced towards the vessel, bearing its cargo of death and destruction!
"Primary target lost!" cried the radar operator. "Tin fish now heading for the cops!"
"Detonate now!" said Colonel Viljoen.
There was a massive explosion as the torpedo self destructed. Under the sudden change of pressure, the submarine carrying Jake and Co began to rise towards the surface. The passengers then noticed an abrupt change in trim and a much more rapid forward motion.
"We are now being assisted by a traveling wave generated by the recent explosion! We will arrive before FIDO." said CLEO. "He may be shut out when the cave closes up! And I cannot remember the words to open the Gateway. All is lost! Dearest Jake, we are doomed!
Jake was stupefied at this strange outburst. Now he was Dearest Jake instead of Prisoner 001! Possibly the computer had suffered some severe internal problem in the past few minutes? Or maybe she had water in the works? He had no time to ponder on the matter. The sub approached the rock wall. The hidden section slid back. The submarine entered. The wall closed smoothly as the craft came to rest in its dock. There was a sudden rapping on the hull. Jake looked out of the porthole and was astonished to see FIDO standing next to the docked submarine.
"It's FIDO," he said. "He is already here!
CLEO gave what sounded like a glad squeak as the travelers suited up and prepared to leave the submarine. They picked up the rucksacks and swam out to join FIDO. The robot was holding a small, square package. Jake swam up to the area at the side of the cave and operated the red knob. This action opened the door to the second cave. The party swam in, with FIDO walking on the rocky bottom until they were all inside the second cave. The door closed behind them and the water drained away. They removed the scuba headgear and stood silently, afraid to speak. However, the silence of the party did not stop the Gatekeeper from intoning:
The way to E Base I must block
Until you turn the royal lock
So speak the key to enter in
Three syllables of royal kin
Jake had already decided on a strategy. He would engage the Gatekeeper in a game. During the game he would gradually work out the required answer to the puzzle.
He began with a general question.
"Gatekeeper, what is purple, eats frogs and speaks twice a week?" he asked.
"A moron trying to keep the Gatekeeper from doing his duty!" said the Gatekeeper. "You have been here before. You know the rules. Ten..nine..eight.."
Hastily, they all jammed the facemasks back on, ready for a hurried exit. However, FIDO suddenly spoke in his peculiar metallic voice. "Gatekeeper! Open for the Prince and the Princess Cleopatra!" he said.
"Correct!" said the Gatekeeper. "Why play about so much? It's easy enough. Prince, one syllable. Princess Cleopatra two more. One plus two equals three syllables of royal kin! You must think I enjoy playing stupid games. Luckily, you've got a smart, patient, robot Gatekeeper otherwise..."
The rock rolled away from its position against the wall. It moved along a metal track, revealing the entrance to a passage which ended in the brightly lit outline of a Gateway. This Gateway shone with a blue light. Faintly, the music of Some Enchanted Evening came from the same area. They walked through the Gateway.
Two open style open coaches stood facing them. They climbed into the coaches. Jake and Alaric, Stumpy, Grumpy, Little Sam and FIDO all carrying large packs.
We must get that Gatekeeper a full maintenance! said Alaric. He has obviously been on the job too long!
A soft new voice spoke: "Welcome home, The Royal Party! This is Central Control! Your remarks have been noted and Gateway Guardian X 2537B will be given a full maintenance check! But especially, welcome home, our Princess Cleopatra, our beloved Programmer In Chief! Please wait one moment for the programmed inventory check.
Jake turned to Alaric and rolled his eyes up. This greeting to "Princess Cleopatra" was a total mystery. Were all the Gateways all too ancient to be trusted?
Central Control spoke again. "The inventory is peculiar! The Princess is here but not here! An interesting puzzle. However, I will allow you to pass leaving full reintegration and a more diligent computation to be carried out later! You may pass to E Base!
There was a strange, wrenching sensation. The train appeared to whizz through a chaotic region of multi colored lights before stopping at another station. Jake again led the party. He picked up his pack and climbed out. He walked through a doorway and found himself inside a well furnished room. The walls were covered with portraits of snooty looking elves.
Jake looked down and was astonished to see that his prison uniform had now vanished. He was wearing a richly brocaded doublet with green pants and high boots. Sting still reposed in its sheath. However, the sheath was now made of polished silver embossed with jewels. He was still bearing his pack but its weight seemed to have increased greatly.
The pack suddenly burst open.
A young elf lady appeared in front of him!
"Thank goodness its all over!" she said. "I started to fully realize something was amiss when I thought FIDO might not make the rendezvous and be killed! But I just could not recall exactly who I was! Jake, I am so relieved to be home!
Jake stood looking at her in wonderment.
Excuse me, he said. Who are you?
Who am I? Who am I? Who else but the sister you planned to leave behind! she said. Your only sister. Cleopatra!
The next person to emerge from the Gateway was a bemused looking Alaric. He seemed at first to be disorientated. He rapidly regained some awareness and dropped on one knee.
Princess! he said, How pleased I am to see you!
Ah, Lord Alaric! she said, I am aware of your loyal service! But where is the other hero, Robot FIDO?
In fact, there was no sign of the golden robot. The three dwarves emerged from the Gateway, looking in wonderment around the ornate room. Finally FIDO emerged. He was carrying a heavy box. He handed the box to Jake.
"A gift from Nessie!" he said.
"FIDO!" cried the lady. "You have saved us all! Pray escort me to my quarters! I am so pleased that we have all returned in one piece!"
Holding the robots arm, the princess left through a doorway to the left of their point of entry. Jake opened the package. It contained two dozen malt whiskies and a note. "For yourself and your companions in exchange for one free flight! Nessie"
The dwarves immediately started arguing about who would get the first tot. A robot who looked very much like a silver copy of FIDO entered the room through a side door and hurried up to Jake. "Sire, welcome home," he said. "Should I put your visitors in the Guest Rooms?"
"Err, yes," said Jake, deciding that he must play the role of Prince Jake in order to keep himself alive. "Show them to the Guest rooms and they can take their bottles with them!"
The dwarves made various noises indicating joy and left, following the robot through a door on the left of the room. A door on the right hand side of the room was suddenly flung open and an excited figure burst in.
"Jake! Jake! How are you? Are you well? I have been worried, really, really, really worried. I got weird communications from Cleopatra about some prisoner she was holding and a robot who was helping her! Then nothing at all for ages! What happened?
Jake recoiled with shock. This must be Regent Ted!
And Regent Ted was the spitting image of himself!
"Who are you? Jake asked.
Regent Ted: "Who am I? Well, you should know better than anyone. I am your other half! May I present your self, Regent Ted, the stay at home half! The unfortunate half who had to stay at home worrying and missing the chance to cop the lot! Have we done it?
Jake: "Have we copped the lot? What do you mean, WE? I was being chased by police and soldiers. I was on the run all the time! In any case, I know all about you, Regent Ted. Alaric has told me the whole rotten story! You have taken over E Base and intend to rule! That is treason!" cried Jake. "When the real Prince is located he will have you executed!"
He looked over at Alaric for confirmation, but the elf still looked dazed and out of sorts.
"When the real Prince is located? What are you saying? We are the real Prince? You are one part and I am the other! Two parts make one prince!" said Regent Ted.
"Rubbish! You are attempting to cover your crimes with ridiculous lies. You are a blackguard!" said Jake, drawing Sting and waving the sword. "You are a rebel and a traitor to the throne! Draw your sword and defend yourself"
Regent Ted made no move but spoke hotly."A blackguard, a rebel and a traitor to the throne? What are you then? All of that and a train spotting failure who has lost his memory! And what were all those peculiar messages? Prisoner is eating well! And another message: FIDO has been appointed Prison Robot and will ensure the prisoner cannot escape! Who is FIDO? I nearly went mad worrying! And what do you mean when the real prince returns. You are the real prince! Or, to be absolutely accurate you are half the real Prince and I am the other half!" said Regent Ted.
Jake looked at Sting.
"There is only one way to deal with your lies, Regent Ted," he snarled. "Draw you sword and defend what little honor you have left!"
"I refuse!" said Regent Ted. 'You know very well that you took the fighting persona in case you needed it while traveling. Go ahead, kill me if you can!
He opened his shirt to reveal the silver torso of a robot!
"Prince Jake!" said Alaric suddenly. "I have recovered my senses! The journey in the Multiverse cab caused me to become bewildered and confused! Regent Ted is your robot valet! His robotronic brain contains the part of your self which you left behind to run E Base. You and the Princess were banned from train spotting in another Universe because you had neglected your studies and failed Politics Three. You decided to leave the Princess out of it and go and train spot secretly. You had some kind of plan. I know only few details. I know that you planned to leave part of your persona inside your personal robot in order to create the impression that you were still here! It was your intention to go train spotting for one week of E Base time. You intended to use the time machine to create more earth time so that you could cop the lot! Princess Cleopatra insisted on joining you. She programmed the transit computer which is now broken! Something must have gone wrong at the Gateway. You lost your memory while the Princess became a computer in the other universe. I don't know where FIDO came from! The Princess may have taken a robot with her. I must have experienced a memory loss when I took the cab! Regent Ted is your own missing half! You must go through the reintegration cabinet to get yourself back! Please enter the cabinet immediately!"
Shaken to his core by this unexpected turn of events Jake followed "Regent Ted" into a small cabinet. As the two walked in, the cabinet gave a shrill urgent beep! A screen lit up. INCOMPLETE ! MISSING MODULES!
Regent Ted walked slowly out of the cabinet, which now had lights flashing all over its surface. He sat down on a plush side seat. He was followed by Jake who looked pleased. "Exactly as I thought my dear Alaric," he said, again reverting to his Shylock Holmes persona. "Quite elementary! You have made the mistake of identifying me as your missing Prince! I am merely a lookalike chosen by bandits in the hope of getting two ransoms. Quite clearly, the only royal parts of me are the Princes ears!! This machine has recognized the Princes ears and now insists on getting the rest of him before it will reverberate! "
"Sire, the machine will reintegrate Prince Jake once it gets the missing modules. But at least two major parts of the prince are already here. Otherwise, the machine would not operate at all!" said Alaric. "The machine needs missing modules! But where can they possibly be?
Jake ignored him and continued. "The first priority is for me to return home so I can get all the namers! I can come back later to help you locate the Prince and exchange ears. 
Regent Ted spoke up. "No! Your moronic demands are not the priority! The first priority is to get the Transporter back!"
Alaric then ended the conversation with his own remark. "Surely the first priority is to find the location of the missing modules so the machine can reintegrate Prince Jake? But exactly what are the missing modules? And which universe are they in?" And on that note they all retired to bed.



Chapter 5

Introduction to E Base


After a refreshing sleep, Jake was woken by a robot who announced itself as Royal Personal Assistant Roger 002. The robot had already filled a bath so that Jake was able to immediately wallow in hot water and bubbles. Lying in the bath, he considered his greatly changed situation. He had been a convict on the run. While on the run, he had been constantly harried and pursued by a special division of the armed forces and by a deluded wizard, now reformed. It was all a case of mistaken identity. He had been mistaken for an alien spy! Now he had been mistaken for a missing alien prince! In fact he had been kidnapped in a cosmical (cosmic) plot! This plot had involved a switch of ears between an alien prince and Jake, who had the misfortune of being a prince lookalike. As a result of being mistaken for an alien, he had been on the run and he had not enjoyed a good, filling meal for ages! Now he was in alien land and he was again being misidentificated (misidentified). It was incredible, an earth schoolboy mistaken for an alien Prince by the actual aliens! Of course, life as a Prince did not appear to be all that bad. In fact, in some ways it was a pity that he would soon be forcibly removed from his Royal post. Someone in this palace must twig to the blindingly obvious fact that he was not Elf Prince Jake. He was a ringer. He was a fake, a counterfoil (counterfeit), an imeitatershun (imitation) a pretenor (pretender.) He was basically a lad who had enjoyed a quiet life on his home planet, Earth. While he could not recall any details of that life, he had probably been a schoolboy who liked train spotting. His memory had been wiped. His ears had been surgicantly (surgically) exchanged.
He now had Royal ears stolen from real Prince Jake.
As he soaked in his bath Jake used the Shylok Holmes method to analyseses (analyse) the Cosmic Plot. It started with the Evil Master Brain of an immensely powerful Gang cooking up a major plot. The Gang intended to claim two ransoms. They would kidnap both Prince Jake and Jake. The first ransom would be demanded for Jake who would be presented as the real Prince Jake. Once the ransom was paid the kidnappers would return Jake to E Base. When the Elf King saw Jake he would instantly know he had been taken for a ride. He had paid for a lookalike! The kidnappers would then tell him that he only had two parts of the real Prince! He had the Princes ears! They were stitched onto Jake's head! This exchange had been made to prove surgicantly (surgically) that the kidnappers had the real prince under lock and key. The king would check Jake's ears genericully (genetically.) He would realize that the Master Brain had tricked him. He must pay the second ransom which would be much larger than the first.
But where was the real Prince Jake hidden?
He must be found. Jake could then exchange ears with him.
He hoped this would be a painless operation.
Finally, Jake would claim the massif (massive) reward.
Jake sank down among the bubbles to consider details. He had lost his human ears. He had forgotten the names of his family and his friends. He had lost his first ABC with its record of (fake) namers. His new ABC, printed by CLEO had only one namer penciled in. This was a terrible result! In addition, Jake was still wanted by the Australian UFO army. They would be exceptionally angry because robot FIDO had shot at them. On his return to Earth, Jake would need to hire a brilliant brief to get him off all charges.
He should get a sitashun (citation) for not being an alien!
Considering all these matters, his minimum request for compensatagum (compensation) would be ten billion dollars! To be lodged in a secret bank account. He would also get a plastic super card valid at any railway station and on any train with a restorant (restaurant) car. He would require a new time machine. It would have to be a mini model so he could carry it around. Using the time machine he could still cop all namers ever built on Earth! It would be a truly massive, incredibly impressive list of supercops! He would be The Lad Who Copped the Lot for All Time!
Once he had copped the lot, he could set up as a Private Eye. He had a time machine so he could go back to the scene of a crime, take a picture of the criminal in the act and return to the future. The crook would then be arrested by the Police.
Brilliant Private Eye nabs another crook! Thus, things were not so bad. Once he had helped to find the real Prince he would get his reward and become the Lad who copped the lot and the Private Eye who never failed!
He emerged from his bath feeling refreshed and fulfilled. Roger assisted him as he dressed in a fresh royal elf outfit. Finally, the robot fastened Sting around Jakes waist. Jake admired himself in the mirror. He was struck by his regal elvish appearance. In fact, with his fake ears he was a perfect lookalike for the missing elf Prince!
Jake then enjoyed an excellent breakfast served at a small table in his bedroom. He wolfed the food with extreme speed. He asked for seconds and then for thirds. He continued to eat until he was almost ready to burst. Throughout the meal he asked for: "Twisty Water!"
Each time he was rewarded with a fresh glass of that fabulous fizzy brew. Finally, he was full! He burped happily and sat admiring his bedroom. It was certainly a vast improvement on his prison cell or the lodgings he had been obliged to endure while on the run.
After breakfast, he was joined by Regent Ted, who bid him a surly Good Morning to Myself! Regent Ted appeared to be a totally useless lump who could hardly look after a ping pong ball. He seemed to be incapable of recognizing the obvious fact that Jake was a ringer. You would think that a part of yourself would instantly know that another part was a fake! Your left leg would immediately recognize your normal right leg even on a dark night!
But Regent Ted was such a toad that he could not even recognize a fake himself in a mirror!
After a short discussion, in which Regent Ted kept referring to: "Our pressing problem of getting our transporter back," Alaric joined the pair. He looked refreshed after a good sleep. He suggested a tour of E Base in which Jake could get his bearings. Regent Ted would stay in the Palace out of sight in order to avoid confusion about the Princes identity. This seemed to be wise.
Jake and Regent Ted looked like two peas from one pod.
In any event, the idea was accepted and Jake left with Alaric for a tour of the local part of E Base. A short passage lead to an open area carved into the side of a hill.
Once they left the immediate precinct of the Palace they traveled on a slideway. They sat on a sled which shot along at high speed. After a long slide the motion began to slow. A force field kicked in and shoved the sleight up to full speed. They whizzed along admiring an astounding view.
The sky featured two suns and numerous moons.
Flying craft of different types were traveling in various directions. Alaric identified them: "The planes directly above are local aircraft. The bigger machines, much higher up are interplanetary liners carrying either cargo or passengers. That monster going straight up is an inter dimensional craft. It will be going to another universe. Big liners like that must go into space before twaddling. They do not waddle near the surface because they might twaddle this entire planet into some other universe! That possibility did not seem to bother the Multiverse bus driver on planet earth! He twaddled on a point quite close to the surface and then used anti gravs to land. There was the definite risk of an inter dimensional twaddle! I have already been on the beamer to Multiverse Central to make a complaint! But as usual I could not get a reply. They kept me on hold and played The Brass Monkey!
But Jake was hardly listening.
He was enjoying the slide and drinking in the view.
Alaric eventually shouted: "Stop Slide!"
They slowed and then stopped.
A gate slid open beside the vehicle. They climbed out and walked through onto a chute which gave them a gravity assisted slide down to a beautiful garden. At the entrance they were greeted by a wizened elf who tugged his forelock and said: "Good Morning, Prince Jake! Blue blombergs are doing well! I put them underneath the beans."
He indicated a bean stalk. Underneath the bean pole were a number of blue flowers which looked rather like blue roses. "Does your Majesty recall your garden?" said Alaric. He was apparently hoping that Jake would suddenly remember his royal heritage. However, Jake had no such memories and immediately said: "My dear Alaric! Why do you refer to me as Your Majesty? You know perfectly well that I am merely here to assist you in finding the lost prince! Granzanio!
"Granzanio!" said Alaric. "It means by royal command say no more of this matter! You keep remembering words! If you were a kidnapped earth boy how would you know any Elvish? If you are not Prince Jake then I am a pumpkin!"
In considering this, Jake thought that his fragmentary memories of Elvish might come from his elvish ears. However, he had no time to argue.
The gnome gardener was already talking.
"His Majesty wants a pumpkin? Of course! Of course!" The gnome had apparently misunderstood the conversation. He bustled off into the garden and returned with a vast purple pumpkin. He presented the monster to Jake.Weighed down by the huge vegetable, Jake fortunately discovered that the entry to the slideway worked upwards as well as down.
Followed by Alaric, Jake was able to return to the slideway without making any effort. They moved up and into the car. They sat down with Jake nursing his pumpkin. The slideway now changed direction with no obvious directive. They slid back towards the palace. Although Jake wanted to continue sliding around E Base, Alaric insisted that he would be "required" at the palace. Jake would have to: "attend to royal duties. It was important to resume holding "audiences" immediately. Regent Ted had not held any for some time. He had been locked up in the royal apartments, worrying.
On his return to the palace, Jake gave the pumpkin to a robot with a terse instruction: "Take this to the cook."



Chapter 6

The "Prince" holds court


The balance of Jake's first morning at E Base was then incredibly boring. He was required to hold court with a number of elf dignitaries. This meant sitting on a throne while elves approached, bowing and scraping. Each petitioner craved his support on some project or other. Alaric took the role of mentor, giving quiet advice off camera. The advice was basically always the same. "Leave this for the King to handle. Say a new audience will be arranged."
This simple strategy worked well until Jake became so bored that he decided to make a judgment.
Two elves claimed to be the person who had invented the formula for Twisty Water, Suprising Sarparilla flavor. As an individual who was familiar with Twisty Water, Jake decided to adjudicate in this case. He was warned by Alaric against getting involved but went ahead anyway. In his role as Royal Judge, Jake called for a bottle of Suprising Sarparilla flavor. He pronounced it excellent! In order to resolve the argument about who had invented the brew he did a secret: "Ennie meanie miny mo," between the two contesting elves. This somewhat unorthodox judicial procedure resulting in the elf wearing tattered clothing gaining the final "mo." He was immediately awarded the judgment! The well dressed elf then started bellowing curses and altogether acting badly. In fact, he actually advanced on Jake in a threatening manner! This resulted in Sting flashing into view. The sword glittered with raw power and was obviously ready for a kill, making a blood curdling screaming sound. The angry elf immediately fell back and started running around in circles! After a few seconds of hysterics, robot troopers burst into the room and carried off the offending elf.
He would now have a stay in the "reprogramming" cells.
The winning elf was full of thanks, pledging his everlasting loyalty to the Prince. After this, Jake decided to terminate audiences for the day in order to discuss his own future with Alaric. Apart from Regent Ted he had no one else to talk to about his plight. Princess Cleopatra, the sister of Prince Jake, had not been seen since their return from Earth. She had suddenly appeared from inside Jake's pack after the party had gone through the Gateway. Jake assumed computer CLEO was still inside his pack.
He intended to get CLEO completely reprogrammed.
Other members of the traveling party had gone in different directions. Robot FIDO was presumably somewhere or other in the palace. And judging by loud sounds of drunken hilarity coming through a wall, the dwarves were drinking malt whiskey and playing another session of Stuff It! in an adjoining room.
"This afternoon I plan to review my LMS and LNER ABC's so I can make a definite decision on which region to start on," said Jake, once the room was empty of everyone except Alaric and Regent Ted. "I will return to earth at the earliest possible moment in order to."
"Get all the namers," said Alaric automatically. "However, in the meantime, Sire, I have booked an appointment with a leading memotherapist. He will assist you in getting your memory back and regaining your full command of Elvish."
"Yes, you certainly need to learn your own language." said Regent Ted. He sniggered. "Obviously I got the best part of the split! Consinco paflolo!
At Jake's blank look Alaric translated.
"The one who stays home keeps his marbles!"
"Regent Ted may have stayed home but he hasn't got any marbles!" said Jake hotly. He was annoyed by the snigger. "He is the biggest coward on E Base! In any event, I have not been able to stay at my home, which is planet Earth in Universe Zero! I was originally kidnapped."
" .by interstellar bandits who exchanged your ears for the Princes ears," said Alaric wearily.
"Exactly! And I am here in order to assist in the process of finding the Prince and getting my ears back and my reward," said Jake. "The question now is how can I help recover the Prince? I can then exchange ears. Once this is done I expect to be granted a very large reward! And I want the use of a time machine. I will return to my home planet and cop every namer ever built!"
"You are already on your own home planet!" said Regent Ted. "Going somewhere else to do more train spotting is ridiculous. The most important question is how do we get the transporter back before the King returns?"
"That is not my problem!" said Jake firmly. "I had nothing to do with the dispatch of the transporter. Regent Ted, you were solely responsible for that!"
"Solely responsible! How dare you accuse me oft that! I would remind you that I am your other half!" cried Regent Ted. "One half cannot be solely responsible for anything! We are jointly responsible for the loss! You decided to go off planet secretly for the purpose of train spotting in another Universe! I would remind you that the King had forbidden the venture! In any case, if I had gone train spotting I would have definitely copped the lot and been back here with no problems at all!
Jake had half drawn Sting when Alaric intervened.
"Gentlemen! Gentlemen! This argument is non productive! As I see it, the main problems at the moment are retrieval of the royal transporter and solving the re integration problem. Why did the integrator refuse to put you two back together as one Prince Jake?"
"Because the machine knows that I am not Prince Jake!Two big ears do not make a prince!" said Jake. He admired his own phrase and repeated: "Two big ears do not make a prince! No indeed!"
"No indeed!" said Regent Ted. "They only serve to define the head of one moron! If you were anyone other than half of Prince Jake the Gateway would not have allowed you through at all."
"Wrong!" said Jake. "The Gateway admitted me because the Princess was in my rucksack! She had been minaturized. When we went through that Gateway thing she expanded and jumped out!"
"Princess Cleopatra in your rucksack?" said Regent Ted. "What are you saying? How could she be in your rucksack! Minaturized! Why would you do such a barbaric thing to your sister? It sounds like you need a good thrashing!"
It was too much for Jake. With a mad snarl he drew Sting.
However, Alaric quickly moved in front of Jake.
"Sire! Sting has not energized? "he said, speaking to Jake. He indicated the sword. Jake looked down and noticed that the sword was not on this occasion dancing with colors or making bloodthirsty sound effects.
"The sword will not now attack Regent Ted." said Alaric. "Because the sword now knows Regent Ted is your other half! You are both two parts of the same Prince!"
At that moment, the door opened and Princess Cleopatra stepped into the room followed by the golden figure of FIDO. Jake goggled at the beautiful young girl.
Her regal figure sparkled with jewels.
However, her cool demeanor was dispelled at once when she spoke.
"So much for careful forward planning, Jake," she said. "You originally said we would go together but you just couldn't stand the idea of sharing. We could have shared the honor of copping the lot! But no sharing for you! You tried to sneak off! I caught you at the Gateway! You rotten sneak! The Gateway must have become confused when I became a trifle... a trifle angry! Your reaction was unbelievable! We finished up playing your ridiculous charade and hardly getting any namers! With you in that stupid prison outfit and FIDO fighting people.and me," she sobbed, "me a Princess trapped in a box believing I was a computer! What kind of brother would do such a thing to his own sister?
"Certainly not me!" said Jake. "Because I am not your brother! I am not Prince Jake! I am a human boy who was kidnapped by crooks and was used to impersonate the missing Prince! And you could not have been computer CLEO! She is still in my pack! I am going to have her totally reprogrammed! She is the most bossy computer ever built!"
"Bossy! Bossy? How could I be bossy. It was me stuck in that metal box!" said Princess Cleopatra." I am never bossy! And as for you pretending to be some earth boy you are just trying to get out of taking responsibility for the whole mess! You are Jake all right, I would know you anywhere! You have that peculiar squint when you are trying to think. Thinking is obviously hard work for you! And I heard all about your wolfing breakfast and then wanting second and third helpings exactly as usual. You pig! I bet you can't face up to the fact you only got one namer! What a pathetic result! Weeks of planning and you only get one namer!"
"At present, that is true!" said Jake. "I have only copped one namer since I lost my memory due to an operation financed by a Super Crook. However, once I have located the real Prince Jake, when he and I have exchanged ears, then I will get my reward. I will return to earth and spend as long as I wish. getting every namer since railways began to operate! I will become the human lad who copped the lot for all time!"
The Princess turned to Alaric. "What is wrong with him?" she said. "Surely he knows who he is now? He is on E Base. Wearing his own clothes. Why does he say he is human?"
"Madam, it appears that some key parts are missing!" said Alaric. "Before leaving, the Prince de integrated for some reason. On re entry the Gateway stated that our party was not fully complete When the Prince attempted to reintegrate the machine said it needed missing elements. They were needed in order to restore Prince Jake to his normal state.
"His normal state is bad but this is worse," said the Princess. She turned back to Jake.
"I hope you are not blaming me for that rotten trip. Trying to sneak off without me! After I had planned the whole thing and told you about the golden opportunity to Cop The Lot. It was my plan to use the Gateways and the time machine! It may be true that I made something of a scene when I caught you sneaking off to catch the Multiverse Express. But you obviously intended to go without me! Then your reaction to being caught was beyond credence! Programming the Gateway like that was really, really nasty! Turning me into a computer! And posing yourself as Prisoner 001 Jake Zero! I actually believed I was a computer. It was a rotten, rotten, rotten, rotten thing to do to your own little sister! And we both got only one LNER namer! We are both joint last on the list of train spotters through eternity!
She stamped her foot to make the point.
"I did not do anything at the Gateway!" said Jake. "I did not originally get to Earth through a Gateway because I was already there! I am not Prince Jake!
Princess Cleopatra: "Don't start your lies again! It must have been you, setting it all up! Gateways are perfectly innocent. They are simple devices programmed for switching Universes!"
"Perfectly simple if you don't get angry or upset while in transit, Your Highness," said Alaric. "The Gateways are reputed to generate peculiar effects when travelers are alarmed or distressed."
She immediately turned on Alaric. "Alarmed or distressed, my Lord? I was neither alarmed nor distressed! I was simply furious with him! That is not the same at all! I was furious! Furious!!!! It was entirely his fault! The rotten little cheat! "
She pointed angrily at Jake, who shrank back.
Recovering herself the Princess added: "Anyway I have brought FIDO back! He has been following me like a puppy. Give him something to do!"
She indicated robot FIDO standing behind her.
"He is not my robot," said Jake, attempting to recover from her shocking emotional outburst. He turned to Regent Ted. "He must be your robot. Or he may belong to the kidnappers! Maybe they are keeping an eye on us through him?"
Regent Ted looked at FIDO.
"He is definitely not a staff robot," he said. "He does not belong to the palace. Let me check where he comes from. Robot, what is your serial number?"
"My number is PB 001." said FIDO in his strange voice.
PB 001 must be some new kind of alpha numeric serial number," said Regent Ted. "But serial numbers usually have eight digits. For example, before receiving the persona of Prince Jake my own number was 23333132. It is, of course, still my number but it is temporarily overscored by my royal persona. However, I will check with Central Robots and establish who FIDO belongs to. He may be an experimental model who somehow got mixed with the traveling party."
As he spoke a robot trooper burst into the room.
He went on one knee, dropped his head and said: "Royal Highnesses! The transporter has returned carrying organic beings armed with chemical weapons! They are firing at us!"
Regent Ted: The transporter! The earthmen have got the transporter and they are invading!



Chapter 7

Battle at E Base


At first, Colonel Viljoen had been distressed by his failure to arrest the aliens. However, the seizure of numerous alien devices had eventually cheered him up. His troops had "liberated" an alien TV set which appeared to be receiving programs transmitted in 1952! His soldiers had also discovered a nuclear powered cooking stove and his frogmen had discovered the high speed aircraft which had been used by robot FIDO. At last, Colonel Viljoen had actual evidence of alien spying in the form of hardware! He had a TV set which was able to pick up programs aired fifty years before! He had a high speed plane which appeared to have unlimited range. He had a nuclear powered cooking stove!
And finally he also had a large alien box object which was parked close to the site of the alien camp. Once the UFO troopers had erected their own camp, Colonel Viljoen went to inspect the alien box. The box appeared to be large enough to accommodate several people. On his inspection the Colonel was accompanied by Sergeant Sarah, Corporal Jenny and Private Pete. The Colonel then decided to call the UFO Group Field Photographer and have his picture taken with the box in the background. There was the prospect of an international news story.
AUSTRALIAN COLONEL WITH NEW ALIEN OBJECT! This cheering thought elevated Colonel Viljoen. Even though he could not be named for security reasons his picture would be front page news over the whole planet. Even with his face blacked out the picture would make a great trophy to be exhibited in the Mess. The Regimental Photographer finally arrived and there was the usual fuss about light levels. Once a battery of lights had been erected a second problem arouse. Where should the men be posed to provide an award winning shot? The photographer was not happy with the soldiers standing in front of the box. They obscured the object. If they stood behind the box he could not see the men. If they stood to either side he could not get enough width into his frame. Eventually he asked them to sit inside the box so he could produce a truly dramatic shot. Earth's soldiers inside captured alien artifact! Accordingly, the men followed Colonel Viljoen into the transporter ready for the great shot. They were festooned with weaponry designed to show the military power of Earth,
They were asked to look: "serious but proud." They were, after all, the heroic soldiers who had put to flight a bunch of horrid alien spies! But before the photographer could press the button, the front of the transporter closed, sealing the troops inside. The transporter blinked out of existence!
It reappeared virtually instantaneously at a point just outside the royal palace compound in E Base. There was no sensation of motion for the soldiers, no feeling of moving or any awareness that they had started in one universe and were now in another! The front panel again simply opened quietly and automatically. The soldiers saw an expanse of green lawn with a castle in the background. Further inspection showed two suns in the sky and an assortment of circling moons plus a massive range of aerial vehicles. Colonel Viljoen and his three companions reacted in good order, showing a high level of military discipline and composure. They immediately debouched from the transporter and took up prone positions to cover a firing arc. The transporter itself provided cover to the rear. It was perhaps unfortunate that Private Pete immediately began to discharge his weapon. He fired at a distant metallic figure. It was, in fact, Castle Cleaner Robot Ronnie 0223 who was emptying the castle latrine tank. When bullets began clanging off his metal hide, Robot Ronnie sent an immediate alert to Robo Guard Command. A squad of robo troops was dispatched to deal with what was first believed to be an attack by a raiding group from Universe Minus One.
Robotic troops deployed behind a series of personal shields and returned fire. The stacatto sound of Private Pete's Greening semi automatic weapon was met by the strange shrieking noise of tuned laser beams. The laser fire passed centimeters above the heads of the prone earthmen. Private Pete's pathfinder bullets made an impressive but ineffective fireworks display. The royal castle provided a brooding background to this strange battle. Once the robo troops started firing, Colonel Viljoen and his NCO's again reacted with pre conditioned discipline. The volume of fire from the earthmen increased. Again, it had no apparent effect on the robo troops. They simply increased their own volume of fire and adjusted sights to virtually shave the earthmen's helmets. Above this warlike panorama, flying craft continued to journey on while the two suns and a bevy of circling moons roamed the alien sky.
When Princess Cleopatra and Jake were alerted their immediate impulse was to run outside and watch the battle from some secure place. In fact, Alaric and Regent Ted did exactly that but the princess pulled Jake back and said: "Jake! They've brought the transporter back! This is our chance to get back and cop the namers!"
"Get back? What do you mean?" said Jake.
Princess Cleopatra: "The troops are here because the transporter was set on automatic! They will not want to stay here! They will want to get home to Earth! They must negotiate in order to get home!" she replied. "We can get a free train spotting trip as part of the negotiations!"
The sound of gun fire outside the castle now increased as Sgt Sarah deployed a portable horizontal howitzer. However, even this weapon failed to penetrate the robo troops shield. The howling missile simply exploded with a loud thump.
Earth may not want to negotiate because Earth can win!" said Jake doggedly. "We have secret tactics!"
Princess Cleopatra (mockingly) "Secret tactics, Jake? The soldiers only have the ammo they were carrying. They cannot penetrate our shields! We could wipe them out instantly. But we are an advanced race! We do not believe in thuggery. I instructed the robot troopers not to kill but only to fire close enough to keep them lying flat. We will parlay! I will invite them to join the Elvish Federation! The federation will get a new member. Father will be delighted! You and I can visit earth to ratify the treaty. We can cop all the namers! The immortals who copped the lot!"
"Come back? I don't want to come back! I want Earth to win! said Jake stoutly. I am a human bean (being.)
Princess Cleopatra: "Don't start all that again! You are an elf! You are my brother, Jake, the most irritating brother any one ever had! You are definitely an elf! Look at your ears! In any case, the number one objective was and is get all the namers! We can't do that here on E Base. Lets go and negotiate!"
Outside the palace, Colonel Viljoen and his party were running low on ammo. Devastating laser fire had started a series of grass and tree fires around the transporter. They were unable to raise their heads. Helmets had already been singed by laser blasts. They were far from home, with dwindling ammunition, no prospects of replenishment and faced with an enemy armed with super weapons.
Many soldiers would have cracked.
Instead, Colonel Viljoen bravely decided to negotiate.
"Parlez vous,Frog? " the colonel shouted, using what he hoped was a universal lingo. He added in a quiet voice. "Has anyone got a white hanky for a flag of truce?"
Corporal Jenny was in the process of pulling out a dirty white handkerchief when Princess Cleopatra and Jake appeared. They were surrounded by a troop of robot soldiers who were carrying their laser rifles aimed skyways. Jake was carrying a pole topped by a white flag which bore the emblem of a unicorn.
"It's that alien kid I saw!" said Colonel Viljoen. "He has a pretty young girl with him. What the hell is he doing here? He is one of the spies sent to map Earth's defenses!"
"Instead of which, we have attacked!" said Sergeant Sarah. "Preemptive strike! We have put the wind up them!
"Who knows how an alien mind may work?" Colonel Viljoen mused.
He raised a dirty white handkerchief and waved it.
"Advance!" he shouted. "Earth will parlay with...."
"E Base, colonel," shouted the young girl. "You have landed on E Base. I must tell you that you are no longer in your own universe. You are in a different universe!"
"She must mean we are in a different star system." said Corporal Jenny. "There is only one universe full of stars and galaxies and stuff."
The girl appeared to hear his comment.
"I do not mean you are merely in a different star system, soldier boy!" she said. "You are in a different universe. The Multiverse contains many universes. Your planet is located in Universe Zero Plus. You are now in Universe One Plus. I expect you have been shooting at us because you are frightened! Your chemical weapons are not effective. We are protected by a force field. I have instructed the Palace troops to hold fire while we parlay!
There was a short silence as Col Viljoen and his troops digested this news. Then Private Pete cracked! He suddenly jumped up and started babbling: "I want to go home! Home! Home! Attenshun! Shoulder arms! Quick march! "
He began marching in circles, singing to himself.
Sergeant Sarah: "Battle fatigue!"
He raised his voice. "Private! HALT! Atten shun! Drop! "
Private Pete duly halted, came to attention and keeled over.
All was now quiet in the alien meadow.
Princess Cleopatra and Jake had advanced to a position about ten meters in front of the prone earthmen. Colonel Viljoen was wondering what he could possibly offer to an advanced alien civilization run by Elves.
"Colonel, we want nothing but friendship! We offer earth full membership of the Elvish Federation," said the young girl. "I am the Princess Cleopatra of the Elvish royal family. This is my brother, the Prince Jake."
"Who is an earth boy!" cried Jake. "I am not an elf! I am an earth boy kidnapped by crooks and forced to exchange my ears with an elf prince! I want to go home!'
"My brother is confused, colonel!" said the Princess quickly. "The journey between universes is not always smooth. He has been left with mental problems. He requires treatment. However, Earth has something that we urgently need!"
"And what is that madam?" said Colonel Viljoen.
"Steam engines!" cried the Princess. "We want to cop the Lot! To become immortal!"
Colonel Viljoen thought rapidly. Steam engines? What could they do with steam engines?. Whatever it was this elf believed the steam would make elves immortal.
"And what do you offer us in exchange?" he said cautiously.
The Princess answered:Full membership of the Elvish federation, a welcoming gift of say.a dozen flitters, ten interplanetary ships, six inter dimensional cruisers. You can see each of these transport types overhead in the sky."
The earthmen gazed up at the astonishing array of ships crossing the sky. The Princess continued, "We will also give you a number of farming techniques which will produce abundant crops, rain making methods to remove drought permanently and open access to many other wonders of the Multiverse! We will also assist with the removal of excess carbon dioxide which is being caused by the ancient industrial methods which your race is still using. Studies by she paused for a moment.by a computer who won the World Chess Championshipthose studies showed that pollution threatens to destabilise your climate. Your planet will either freeze or cook itself into extinction if the problem is not addressed. Your arrival here is timely! "
"It sounds pretty reasonable, sir," said Corporal Jenny.
He spoke through the side of his mouth in a stage whisper.
"It does indeed, Corporal," said Colonel Viljoen. "But is their offer good enough? After all, earth has something incredibly valuable to them! Steam engines! We can steam every elf. I assume this will make these elves immortal! "
"But sir, we only have a handful of steam engines left! The railways are all electric and diesel! The only steam engines are in museums or on preserved lines working special trains. Steam is a dodo!" said Corporal Jenny.
"Never say that again!" said Colonel Viljoen through clenched lips. "You are discussing a prime secret of the human race! The elves must never know steam is kaput! As far as they are concerned steam is at a pinnacle. In any case, we can manufacture a load of new steam engines. We can steam every elf in their empire. They can all live forever!" He raised his voice. Princess! On behalf of Earth I accept your generous offer! Earth will provide as many steam engines as you need and you can ship your gifts to myself, Colonel Viljoen, c/o The Barracks, UFO Division, Darwin, Australia, Earth. I will arrange for contracts to be drawn up once we arrive on earth. When you have signed you will be free to steam away to your hearts content! I expect that the Australian Government will meet your travel, hotel and meal costs. And, as you are alien royalty they may even move you up to Business Class!
Princess Cleopatra: "Colonel, meal costs may prove a burden to your Government as my brother eats more than a dozen normal people! However, may we now enter the transporter so I can reprogram the machine ready for the trip back to your Earth? Once I have programmed you may then climb in yourselves. I have instructed the guards to retire."
The robo guard turned smartly and marched back to the castle. Jake and Princess Cleopatra walked past the human soldiers and climbed into the transporter. Sergeant Sarah wriggled backwards and dashed back to the machine. He covered them against any prospect of treachery. "Never fear, Sergeant," said the Princess. "The word of an Elvish princess is the most valuable thing in the Multiverse."
She glared briefly at Jake. "It is far more valuable than the word of a moron!"
Her fingers were dancing over the controls inside the machine. "The system is ready, Colonel!" she cried. "All aboard for Earth!"
There is some doubt as to the intentions of Colonel Viljoen before the trip back to Earth. He appeared to be absolutely kosher when he agreed to the Elvish terms. However, once the Elvish craft went through the dimensional vortex and reappeared close to Lake Eel Done the Colonel seemed to have suffered severe travel malaise.
Once the front of the transporter reopened the Colonel sprang out of the craft. He was followed by his men, and finally Private Pete who staggered out of the machine. They were all wild eyed. Colonel Viljoen ordered his men to assume guard positions. He stood close to the Transporter and waved his own gun at the Princes. He snarled:
"Get out Big Ears! Earth refuses to give you free saunas and tickets to rock concerts!" This peculiar reply indicates that the Colonel's mind had been badly affected by the journey. Princess Cleopatra could hardly help but notice the radical change in the Colonels appearance. His eyes were bulging and he seemed to have difficulty aiming his weapon. "Colonel!" she cried. "What about our treaty? I have offered Earth a fantastic array of goods! You agreed to my terms! Where are your manners, sir? Where is your decency? Where is your honor? You will address me as Your Royal Highness! I will not be spoken to in such a rude tone by a mere colonel! " She spat out the word "colonel".
"A mere colonel! Hah! I am a mere colonel who will have you ripped apart!" cried Colonel Viljoen. He was now red faced with rage. "You and your idiot brother who thinks he is human! We will expose your alien plot to enslave Earth with robots, laughing gas and cheese sandwiches!"
He was brandishing his gun like a cavalry lance.
At this point, he should have noticed that the Princes had leaned forward so her right hand was obscured from view. Her fingers were busily dancing over the controls of the strange craft. "My brother is a prince of the Royal Elvish house!" she spat. Her fury had become almost incandescent and was entirely palpable. She was literally shaking with rage. Jake cowered back into a far corner of the craft. The Princess continued: "As for you, Colonel, you are a guttersnipe, a worthless cretin, a two faced, cheating, lying, mongrel! You are a disgrace to your uniform and to your entire race! You are an insult to honor and decency! Your word is not worth the spit of a cross eyed camel! I bid you goodbye you loathsome, disgusting slug!"
She pressed a button and the transporter doors flashed shut. The speed of closure was so rapid that none of the soldiers had time to fire. The machine instantly vanished with a pop of displaced air. As men of UFO Command came running from a camp further up the hill they found their commanding officer foaming at the mouth, gibbering with rage and standing with his gun pointed at an entirely vacant space.



Chapter 8

Underground Prison Mk 2


The transporter reappeared in the northern hemisphere of Planet Earth. The doors opened automatically to reveal a desolate moor with a railway line running close by. Jake was astonished to find himself alone inside the vehicle when it rematerialized. But there had been changes. He was now dressed in his old prison garb, consisting of a shirt and trousers marked with upturned arrows and emblazoned with signs PRISON PROPERTY. Even his boots and his knitted beanie carried the same design and wordage. The princess had vanished leaving only her rucksack on the seat beside him. However, he was given no chance to ponder on the disappearance of Princess Cleopatra. A small metal robot appeared from inside her abandoned rucksack. The mini robot used some kind of tube and immediately expanded into the full shape of golden robot FIDO.
A well known voice then issued from Jake's own rucksack.
"I am Prison Computer Warder CLEO! We have reached the site of Underground Prison Number Two, which will be located close to the main railway line running through area X 234 678 on the north east coast of Scotland, Planet Earth. Prison Robot FIDO! Secure the Prisoner and commence construction of the facility. Use the time machine," said the familiar voice of Prison Warder Computer CLEO. It seemed incredible but Princess Cleopatra had somehow turned back into CLEO! Was it a result of the strain she had felt when facing off against Colonel Viljoen? Could Jake tell the computer what had happened and would that shock her back into her royal body? Unfortunately, it did not appear to be the right moment to find out. FIDO had already clamped restraining bracelets around Jakes arms and legs. The robot then dumped him next to a large rock. "Stay put!" said CLEO. "The restraints will give you a painful shock if you attempt to escape. Escape is forbidden!"
FIDO retrieved several machines from the Princess Cleopatra's backpack. He twirled a knob on one machine and it expanded to form a kind of tunnel. A second miniaturized machine was then passed through an expansion machine. The robot pressed another button and vanished from view.
A hole abruptly materialized in the ground near Jakes position. The sudden appearance of the hole was followed by a series of alarming sound effects from somewhere below.
After about30 minutes. FIDO reappeared and removed Jake's leg restraints. " Follow me!" he said, in his gravelly voice.
Obediently, as an old lag back in a familiar space, Jake followed the robot down a steep set of rock steps. The steps ended in an underground room which was an almost identical copy of his former underground prison. It must be admitted that Jake was not totally unhappy at this turn of events. He had achieved a basic wish to return to his quiet, well fed former life as a long term lag. And now he had a new Jakeefit. He had a real main railway line outside the prison entrance! He would he able to cop real namers. He could order well cooked meals and also get excellent snacks, twice daily. It was an almost perfect scenario for a keen train spotter. The only drawbacks would be the need to keep fit by sword fighting with FIDO and having to do boring lessons on various subjects. However, he might now be able to reactivate the car driving program. Possibly, this new version of CLEO would not have a log of his previous record (in which he had been banned from driving forever.)
Jake reached the bottom of the staircase and entered into an exact copy of his former prison cell. Behind him, Prison Warder Robot FIDO stepped into the room and a steel door slid into a closed position. FIDO removed the arm restraints and produced Jakes prison outfit. Jake changed from his snazzy royal clothes back into his familiar prison clothes which announced his criminal status. FIDO collected the pile of clothes and walked out, presumably to his kitchen. Jake sat down on a small bunk. "Good evening, New Prisoner 001 Jake Zero. I am Prison Warder Computer CLEO," said a familiar voice. "You are here for 55,962 years as punishment for your terrible crime! Do you have anything to say?"
"Nothing," said Jake nonchalantly. "Can I order a meal?"
"Your next meal will be a drink of water," said CLEO. "No supplies are available until they are obtained from E Base."
"Well, obtain supplies now!" said Jake.
He felt remarkably hungry. He had not eaten since he breakfasted several hours ago in another universe.
"It is not possible to obtain supplies from E Base because a tyrant is in command! He is called the Regent. He has vowed to eliminate you and destroy both Prison Computer Warder CLEO and Prison Robot FIDO. He has an invincible army of robotic troops!" said the voice of Prison Computer Warder CLEO. The voice appeared to come from the ceiling of the prison cell. Jake realized that FIDO must have again hard wired CLEO into the walls of the underground prison!
It was apparent that the Princess now believed that Regent Ted was some kind of tyrant, where in fact he was an utter wimp. Jake made the mistake of deciding to argue. "Why would Regent Ted want to eliminate me?" he said. "He believes we are both part of the same Prince!
"How would a criminal prison lag like you know anything about the Regent of E Base?" said CLEO stridently. "You have never been anywhere near the Regent!"
Jake decided to press on and try to clear up the situation.
"But I have been at E Base a few hours ago with you! Regent Ted would never harm you, CLEO. I am certain of this, because you are not a computer at all! You are actually the Princess Cleopatra of E Base!"
There was a short, shocked silence.
Then all the lights went out. Jake had no option but to wriggle his way into bed wearing his day outfit. He eventually fell asleep, with his stomach rumbling in protest.
The following morning, he woke to find robot FIDO standing by his bed holding out a towel. The cell was now brightly lit. His normal morning visit to the bathroom followed. Once again, the bathroom featured a wall mounted vanishing mirror, plus a washbasin and a new feature in the form of a shower. "You are required to shower five times a week!" said the voice of Prison Warder Computer CLEO. "You are not allowed to have pungent body odor! You are not allowed to smell like an unwashed troll! If you fail to have five showers in each period of seven days you will be showered in cold water by Prison Warder Robot FIDO! Prisoner 001 Jake A Zero you are reminded that this is not a holiday camp! You are in prison for a horrible crime, a crime so terrible that it may not be spoken of within these walls! In addition to paying for your crime, you deserve to be starved because you have insulted your kindly prison warder!
As Jake brushed his teeth, the mirror once again blossomed with an endless list of Prison Rules and Regulations, supported by the voice of CLEO. The computer warder read out each regulation using Stern Voice No 7.
When the list finally finished, the screen lit up to show PRISON BREAKFAST MENU.
Jake waited eagerly for bacon and eggs, sausages, toast, cereals, Twisty Water, etc. But instead the screen showed SPRING WATER (as many glasses as the prisoner wishes.)
Jake immediately protested. "Spring Water is not a proper breakfast!" he said. "As a long term lag I am entitled to a proper nourishing breakfast!"
"You are correct!" said CLEO, now using Pleasant Voice No 5. "However, prison supplies are currently negative. We do not have any supplies! It is impossible to draw supplies from normal E Base sources because if Regent Ted locates this facility he will immediately liquidate it! However, Prison Warder Computer CLEO is attempting to get supplies! Prison Warder Computer CLEO has contacted Elf Lord Alaric and asked him to visit us and bring food supplies! However, even when supplies are obtained I would remind you that you are charged with fostering alarm and despondency in the Prison! For this reason, even if supplies are obtained you will receive only water for three days!"
"How have I fostered despondency!" said Jake indignantly.
"By comparing her royal majesty the Princess Cleopatra to a prison computer warder! That is an act of treason! It could only be conceived by a distorted, criminal mind. An act deliberately designed to create alarm and despondency! A shocking act that cannot be tolerated," said CLEO.
The lettering faded from the mirror and Jake was left looking at himself. He then made his way back to his cell followed by Prison Robot FIDO. Shortly FIDO appeared with a glass of water. CLEO spoke again: "As your Prisoners Hobby and to ensure you receive your Prisoners Rights of Fresh Air and Sunshine you can Train Spot! There is a main line outside this prison and you may commence train spotting today. I will register all sightings. There have been four trains since your arrival in this facility. They were all goods trains headed by B1's. The numbers were 1051, 1083, 1072 and 1065. There were no namers!"
"My purpose is to cop namers! cried Jake. "I planned to train spot in 1962! You wanted to come! You have a time travel machine so we can still use that."
"The purpose of your penal servitude is not train spotting!" said CLEO. "You are here to be punished! It is not a question of we. You are a horrid, unreformed criminal who slanders his royal betters! You are extremely fortunate to be allowed to train spot at all! Your imprisonment is for crimes and treachery! You must attempt to redeem yourself!
Jake listened to this tirade with growing despair.
Obviously, he must plan his next move with care.
"I accept your appraisal, Computer Warder CLEO," he said. "I would like to begin my redemption by sitting in the sun, reflecting on the horrid nature of my crimes and noting the numbers of passing trains! May I go up? " he said.
Apparently, CLEO agreed because a steel door in the wall near his bed slid open. Robot FIDO stepped forward and attached a manacle to Jake's arm. The robot then attached the manacle to his own metal arm. The pair climbed the rocky stairway, with FIDO following Jake. They climbed awkwardly, with Jake hampered by the manacle and the close proximity of the robot. They eventually reached the top of the staircase. They waited until another steel door opened and then stepped out into the early morning sunshine of a Scottish day.
Jake found himself on a bleak moor with a railway running close by. He looked around and could see the transporter standing close by like an alien monolith on the moor.
FIDO had not brought a portable stool. Instead, Jake was obliged to sit on a rock near to the entrance. The robot stood motionless next to him, secured by the manacle. It was not an ideal train spotting scenario. The situation was not made any better by the total absence of trains. The line was quiet and the environment seemed lifeless. Jake felt that he would soon be lifeless himself, starved to death by..by what?
A computer who was actually the Princess Cleopatra!
As the Princess she had believed that he was her brother, Prince Jake. As a computer she now believed that he was a convicted criminal! Neither belief was correct! He was an earth schoolboy who had been kidnapped! Or at least, that was his own belief.
This was the second time Princess Cleopatra had turned into computer CLEO. Once the previous version had passed through a Gateway between Universes the computer had somehow been transformed back into Princess Cleopatra. Now the process had reversed. The Princess was again a computer after having a blazing row with Colonel Viljoen.
It was baffling!
Both CLEO and FIDO would again presumably be interested in train spotting. That was just another enigermatical (enigmatical) fact. The robot was at the moment too close for comfort, secured by the bracelet. At the moment, FIDO appeared to be in some kind of robo sleep but the bracelet meant there was no chance of escape.
Jake responded to the merciless demands of his stomach. He stooped and picked up a handful of grass. He chewed the grass. It tasted horrible. How could he train spot effectively without a proper daily diet of three meals plus two snacks?
He would rapidly be starved to a ghost of his former self.
Suddenly, CLEO's eye-on-a-stalk popped up in front of his seat. More knowledge to add to his list. FIDO had installed peeping devices inside and above the new prison.
There was nowhere for Jake to hide!
"I have been in contact with Elf Lord Alaric!" said CLEO. "He is going to send supplies. I have received another message from the Regent. He has demanded that we return to E Base now! Demanded! As if he has sovereignty over a licensed Prison Warder! Instead of bowing to him, I intend to send our transporter back to E Base empty. I have notified Elf Lord Alaric to stand by. He will load foodstuffs and drinks! Regular meals will then resume following your punitive sentence of water only for three days. CLEO, out!"
The stalk vanished into the ground. There was an audible pop as the transporter, which had been standing a short distance behind Jake and FIDO suddenly vanished.
Jake sat pondering. Once they had food supplies, his immediate problem of starvation would be overcome. But he still needed to get back to 1952 in order to cop at least all the LNER namers. Then he could turn his attention to the LMS. He might sit here on this desolate moor for years and get only non namers. He needed the time machine and money to activate his train spotting plan. His previous plan had been based on getting a large reward for finding Prince Jake.
That plan was presumably now kaput.
His ruminations were interrupted when the transporter suddenly popped back into view. The doors opened to reveal the glowing form of Alaric. The elf was laden with a heavy rucksack. He looked stressed and anxious.
"Prince Jake!" he cried. "There is no time to lose! The Regent will send robo troops to arrest you! We must flee and re enter E Base by some secret way! You must also recover two Stuff It cards. I have forgotten the reason but it is important to recover the cards which you lost in Australia!
The eye-on-a-stalk suddenly shot into view.
"Lord Alaric!" said CLEO. "I am Prison Warder Computer CLEO. Thank you for delivering Prison Supplies. Do you wish to interrogate the Prisoner? He has been convicted of dreadful crimes against the Elvish Royal Family!"
"Prince Jake!" cried Alaric. "What dreadful crimes have you committed to be incarcerated thus? Is this why the Regent wants you? And where is Princess Cleopatra? Surely you have not.," he sagged as if he had been hit by a heavy blow. "Surely you have not butchered a beautiful young girl who would rightly expect you to protect her against any threat? I cannot believe that you have murdered Her Royal Highness! Is the Princess Cleopatra dead!
"What is this, Lord Alaric!" cried CLEO . Her eye stalk wobbled violently. "Princess Cleopatra is dead? Was she killed by that horrible villain Colonel Viljoen?"
"Madam computer! I have not heard who may have committed such a murderous act! But the Princess vanished two days ago! She was last seen entering a transporter with a troop of human soldiers and Prince Jake. Now I am concerned that she may have been murdered by the Prince."
CLEO: "Murdered by Prince Jake?
He must be hunted down!
The eye stalk wobbled even more violently.
"But madam computer, the Prince is here! He is your prisoner!" cried Alaric.
"But.....but....my prisoner is not Prince Jake. My prisoner is a notorious criminal. Although he has a criminal mind and is capable of the foulest act he could not have murdered Princess Cleopatra. He has been in my company since we left E Base and arrived here! I must leave you now so that I can make enquires in respect to the search for the Princess! What grievous news! Alas! Alas!"
The eye stalk vanished into the ground.
While the arrival of Alaric had given Jake a flash of hope, he was now sinking into the gloom of total despair. It was compounded by dreadful hunger.
"Did you happen to bring any food?" he asked.
Alaric rummaged in his rucksack and produced a loaf of bread and a large sausage. Jake's eyes popped. He was still restrained by the handcuff tying his arm to FIDO but he managed to reach out one unfettered hand.
Yet Alaric held back the food.
"Cremono bascato vignatino!" said the elf. waving his hands in a strange gesture. He then offered the meal to Jake, who wolfed it as only a truly starving person can eat.
Alaric watched him until the last morsel vanished. Then he offered a freshly opened bottle of Twisty Water (lime flavor.) Jake gulped it down and gave a great sigh of relief. "Alaric!" he said, burping. "You have arrived just in time! I would surely have expired without that meal!"
"Had you murdered the Princess you would have surely expired by eating that meal, Your Highness," said Alaric. "I used a choking spell before you began! If you had been guilty you would have choked and died! Forgive me! But your sister the Princess is the loveliest of elves! I could not bear the thought that you murdered her. Where is she?"
Jake feverishly pointed downwards but before he could say anything the transporter vanished again.
Alaric reacted immediately.
"Alert! Alert! The Regent will now send robo troops!" cried Alaric. "He will demand your return! Take cover against the greatest troops in the Elvish federation!"



Chapter 9

Robot gunfighter


At this news, FIDO suddenly burst into life. In one incredibly swift motion, the robot unlocked the steel bracelet which had been pinning Jake to his arm. Next he pushed Jake and Alaric under cover behind the rock that Jake had been sitting on. The robot then produced a pair of Colt 45's from a recess in his abdomen. He stood facing the empty space where the transporter had stood. The wait was not extended. The transporter flashed back into view with the usual pop of displaced air. The front canopy slid upwards to reveal a full squad of robot troops.
FIDO now had his legs slightly bowed as he faced the transporter. Before the robo troops could move, all six had neat holes drilled through their metallic foreheads. FIDO's two guns had each barked three times. The soldiers had been picked off two by two, starting with the outside pair and working inwards. The entire shooting sequence had occupied perhaps 0.0004 seconds.Five crack robo troops plus one top robot commander now slumped forward.
FIDO blew away two wisps of gun smoke and said: "Robo troops neutralized!"
Jake and Alaric stood up from behind the rock and looked at the scene of desolation inside the transporter. "They appear to require new parts!" said Alaric. "I suggest that we shouldmove to an entirely different area of this planet, somewhere far away! The Regent will be furious! He may personally lead an army in hot pursuit!"
"That wimp couldn't lead a hamburger to his mouth!" said Jake. "Anyway, I want to tell you about the Princess."
"Your Highness, please don't invent some kind of fantasy!" said Alaric. "The Princess is missing! We can only hope that she will return in good health! But in any case it is vital that we regain the two Stuff It cards which you unfortunately lost when you previously visited this planet."
It was obvious that Alaric had no recall of his own part in their last visit. It did not seem to be exactly the right moment to explain that: 1) The trip between dimensions had somehow caused Princess Cleopatra to become Prison Computer Warder CLEO again and 2) Alaric had been present on the previous visit to Earth but he had now lost his memory and 3) That Alaric himself had dropped one of the Stuff It cards while the second had been left on the floor of a train where it had been found by Colonel Viljoen.
Jake decided to change tack.
"The first step must be to leave this prison!" he said. "That will put the Regent off the scent. Then we will need money which CLEO can print. I hope to do some train spotting en route! Main Objective: get the playing cards back!"
CLEO's eye on a stalk suddenly shot up and surveyed the carnage in the transporter.
The computer then turned on robot FIDO.
"We cannot now use the transporter to get regular food supplies for the prison!" she said angrily. "Was it necessary to murder the robo troops? They require surgery! A simple shot to the gun arm would have been quite sufficient to immobilize them. We could have negotiated with the Regent. Your action was ill considered and counter productive!"
The robot appeared to consider this remark.
He then made the longest speech on record for robot FIDO:
FIDO: "The robo troops are or were able to draw, aim and fire in 0.00032 seconds. I also needed to allow for the time required for a bullet to travel 10 meters. There were six robo troops. Each trooper has a different armor configuration. Each trooper would therefore require a unique point of contact to immobilize his gun arm. Your remarks are not operationally feasible. Under your plan I would now be kaput and you would be under arrest along with the Prisoner and Elf Lord Alaric.
CLEO considered this reply.
"Correct!" she said at length. "Prison Warder Computer CLEO has been in computational error caused by internal stress! This was created by the dreadful news about Princess Cleopatra. Robot FIDO is congratulated on his military skills! However, the robo troops must be returned to E Base for surgery. This means that Regent Ted will probably send an entire army! They will overpower robot FIDO. Following this they will arrest us. We must flee! However, this will mean thatthe Prisoner might escape from custody. Escape is forbidden! Computer CLEO is stressed by this paradox! What can be done, what can be done, what can be done..
Her voice rambled on incoherently.
Alaric immediately recognized the danger of a permanent computer melt down. He spoke in a tone of authority. "Prisoner Jake must immediately embark on Redemption Therapy!" said Alaric. "To undergo Redemption Therapy he will be accompanied by Prison Robot FIDO. Prison Computer Warder CLEO and Elf Lord Alaric! His Redemption will involve retrieving two lost Stuff It cards and then returning to E Base for retrial!"
Through this speech. CLEO had continued to say "What can be done?" in a trembling monotone. Now the quavering voice stopped and there was a long silence. Eventually, the computer spoke. "Packing will commence immediately! Orders have been received from Elf Lord Alaric, representing the judiciary. The Prisoner must embark on a journey of redemption. A possible area of Redemption may be immediately at hand! Investigations have revealed that the Scottish elves have not contacted E Base for some time. they may be lost. The Redemption program can commence with an attempt to locate the Lost Scottish Elves. Success will be worth 5 points towards Final Redemption. Robot FIDO will return to the prison complex and commence packing."
FIDO duly vanished into the shaft, leaving Alaric and Jake sitting in the sunlight with the gruesome spectacle of six dead robot troopers facing them.
"We must return the robo troops to Regent Ted so they can be repaired," said Alaric. "He can then put them back into his arsenal of military might. He probably intends to make a planned Conquest of the Multiverse!" This highly distorted view of the wimpish Regent Ted confirmed Jake's idea that Alaric had been badly affected by his journey through the peculiar non voids which delineate the Multiverse.
It appeared that Jake's problems were again compounding. His original hope that Colonel Viljoen would return him to his unknown home somewhere on earth had been dashed. Princess Cleopatra had turned back into computer CLEO. Jake had been re imprisoned. His hope that he would at least be well fed had also been dashed. He was now required to retrieve two playing cards which had no value at all. This would involve a trip around planet Earth and a total waste of valuable train spotting time! In addition, he still had no money and he was again dressed in his prison clothing.
This latter concern was put to rest when FIDO came up the stairs and offered a new sets of clothes along with the sword Sting.
CLEO: "You are both to wear new clothes. This first set is the Prisoners Shylok Homes outfit, provided for the planned continuation of your ongoing prisoner training course How to be a Private Detective (Part 1) . You should also put on your personal armament in the form of your sword Sting. The second set of clothes are for Elf Lord Alaric.He is to be garbed as Dr Watsonion, your assistant in detection."
Jake and Alaric changed into the new outfits. Jake wore tweeds, a heavy overcoat and a deerstalker hat which flattened his elvish ears. His outfit was completed by a pair of polished black boots, Alaric wore a bowler hat which went well with his three piece suit and black boots. This bizarre outfit went some way to dissipate his personal aura, although he still glowed around the edges.
Jake made a mental note that it would be important to keep Alaric away from general view especially during the evening. He strapped his sword Sting around his waist and covered it with his overcoat.
"Well, my dear Alaric," he said, adopting his Holmes persona. "We must solve the strange case of the Lost Princess and the Earth Lad with Elvish Ears."
Alaric responded in kind:
"And we must also evade the mad bloodlusting Regent and Earth's UFO forces! We must regain two Stuff It! cards and then return to E Base so that you may lead a Rebel Army to Glory!" cried Alaric. He produced a card on which he had written: "Regent Ted you are a creep! Here are your so called supertroops!" signed Prince Jake and Alaric.
Jake could not help grinning as he considered the effect of this missive on the hapless Regent Ted. Alaric took his smile to be one of approval. He pinned his message onto one of the robot troopers lying in the Transporter.
FJDO suddenly appeared from the tunnel. He was carrying four rucksacks. CLEO's voice came from one rucksack. "Prepare to abandon the Underground Prison Complex!" she cried. "I have also received an urgent SOS. We must proceed immediately to Thirsk in the Far North The Scottish elves are faced with a very urgent problem. Solving this problem may provide an opportunity for the Prisoner to gain vital points towards his Redemption!
Alaric fiddled briefly with the controls inside the transporter and then rejoined Jake and FIDO. "I have set the machine so that it will return to E Base in three hours time," he said. "We should be well away by then." They picked up the packs. Jake now carried two packs, his own and the pack previously carried by Princess Cleopatra. As they began tramping alongside the railway track towards the distant station, he had an alarming thought:
"There may be no trains," he cried, "We will be stuck here."
"That matter has been dealt with," said CLEO. "I have issued instructions as Rail Central! I have requisitioned a Directors Observation Train to arrive shortly!"
"But we haven't got any tickets!" said Jake.
"Tickets are not necessary on a Directors Observation Train," said the computer.
"What about FIDO?" said Jake. glancing at the metallic figure striding ahead along the rough track beside the railway line. "Won't he stand out a bit?"
"FIDO will be traveling in his minaturized form as part of your personal baggage!" said CLEO. "He will be carried inside the surplus pack. My own hardware is also inside the surplus pack. You have now commenced your journey of redemption. As Warder In Charge I must stay close in case of an attempt to evade justice!"
Jake noticed that the computer said "the surplus pack" rather than "Princess Cleopatra's pack," which it actually had been. In any event they were now close to the station. FIDO fired a tube at himself and shrank to the size of a small ice cream cone. The mini robot reached out one extendible mini arm and turned a knob on the tube. It also shrank to a micro size.
FIDO then jumped inside the pack himself.
Jake was about to begin redeeming himself for a crime he had not committed! Followed by Alaric he walked into a deserted station building with a booking office. A weathered sign announced that the station was MacBlaney and that travelers should change here for a bracing Highland walk!
They stood on the platform as a brisk wind blew over the moor. The station appeared to be deserted and abandoned. A flock of geese flew overhead. There was a clear hint of colder weather in the offing and Jake wrapped his arm around his body, attempting to stay warm. Alaric did not appear to be affected by the cold wind, but was merely looking around with interest and occasionally mumbling about his plans to raise a rebel army. After about fifteen minutes, a steam engine pulling a single coach arrived. A steam engine! Jake noted the engine number as 1000 and then with a start he realized that the engine carried a nameplate: Springbok. It was his second real namer!
He could hardly count Spitfire which was not listed in the Ian Allen ABC. "I have recorded you cop of B 1 Springbok," said the voice of CLEO. "From such a small beginning a great enterprise may come!"
The engine stopped with a screech of brakes and stood hissing steam.A coach now stood before them.
It bore the marking: DIRECTORS OBSERVATION CAR.
Jake and Alaric climbed inside, piling rucksacks onto a rack mounted above the seats.
The engine whistled and the train moved away from the station. Jake addressed his back pack.
"CLEO! How do you plan to stop me running away now that I am out of jail?"
There was a long silence. The train began to pick up speed.
"That is a very good question, coming from a convict," said CLEO. Her voice came from inside Jake's backpack. "You appear to be in a very good position to escape. But you do not know whether I have wired your underclothes and sewn in explosives! If I have, and you do a runner I can blow you up! On the other hand, if I have not carried out such an operation I could report you to the authorities as an escaping alien. I could give your approximate location and say that you have misrepresented yourself in order to steal a railway train!You would be arrested and then put into Area 13! Which of the two options do you prefer?



Chapter 10

World War 2


Jake ruminated on his situation as the countryside began to flash past. Suddenly he noticed a radio mounted in the panel opposite his seat. He reached forward and switched the machine on. A clipped voice said: "This is the BBC Home Service. Britain has again experienced almost continuous Nazi rocket attacks on all major population areas.RAF jets managed to blow up one rocket before it impacted but the aircraft was destroyed in the blast. The Eastern front remains stable with German robots continuing to attack in the far north. The Western pocket now contains two hundred divisions of Allied troops. They are being slowly forced back to the Channel. Fleet units have been assembled to evacuate the troops. The troops are under continuous rocket attack and are enduring heavy casualties! Twelve destroyers and five cruisers have been sunk or severely damaged. Nazi robot submarines continue to make the Western Approaches almost impassable to shipping. The Government has urged all citizens to dig up streets and plant potatoes in order to avoid a repeat of last years famine! French underground sources report that hundreds of long range rockets are being assembled in Occupied France. It is believed that the rockets will be used in a mass attack to destroy the USA! Big Byte has stated that he will use his entire arsenal of nuclear weapons to win the war in one single devastating attack! The Allies have been unable to use nukes because Allied planes and rockets have not been to penetrate the Axis shield over the Atlantic coast!" The broadcast ended.
Jake could hardly believe the announcement. "CLEO! The Second World War ended in 1945! What has happened? Was that a fake broadcast? A sick joke?
"No, it was a genuine broadcast. It appears that our sudden arrival on this plane has changed reality. We are apparently in a different sub Universe. In this sub Universe, the Allies were winning the war when a group of fanatical Nazis entered a Gateway located under the Berlin subway. A group of storm troopers tricked the Gateway Guardian into letting them enter E Base. They stole a computer from Digital R & D! The computer is called Big Byte. The Germans convinced Big Byte to become an SS Field Marshall. Big Byte took complete control of the entire German war effort late in 1944. At that point the Allies were advancing on all fronts. They were expecting to win the war inside a year. The Nazis had intended to make one last desperate offensive through the Ardennes. This hope was actually doomed form the start and Big Byte recognized the problem. The Super Computer Field Marshall first cancelled the offensive. The computer stabilized the military situation on both the eastern and the western fronts. Next, Big Byte took over all war production and began organizing the manufacture of advanced robot troops, high performance rockets and robot submarines. These are weapons which were centuries ahead of that time. The Allies had no defence against them. After a stalemate of ten years in which Big Byte steadily built up his robot armies and navies his forces went onto the attack! They pushed the Allies back. Each year since then the Allies have lost ground.
After forty years fighting the robotic forces of Big Byte the Allies are on the brink of total defeat. They will almost certainly be vanquished once Big Byte has destroyed the USA! He intends to hit hundreds of American cities. He does not plan to give warning but will simply attack!
His slogan is: "Victory before Truth!"
Jake sat in a daze watching the dark hills slowly rolling by as the single coach train sped towards Aberdeen. He spoke above the clattering roar of the train. "CLEO! The Second World War ended in 1945! I have watched The Battle of the Bulge. The Allies win! History cannot be changed! There must be some mistake!"
CLEO: "It appears that universe Zero was subject to some unusual event during our inward journey. We have caused a discontinuity. In this alternate sub universe, World War Two is still raging after some sixty years! The Russians have lost Moscow, Stalingrad and Leningrad. They are hanging on in the far East but they are rapidly losing heart! Supplies of vodka are running low! At the same time, the Western Allies have lost most of Europe. They are penned into a tiny area of Normandy surrounding the original beachhead called Omaha. It appears that Allied troops must be withdrawn, But it is dangerous to send in surface ships due to robot submarines armed with nuclear rockets!" said CLEO "Big Byte has almost won the War despite the fact the computer started in an almost hopeless position!"
Jake could detect a clear note of admiration in CLEOs voice.
The train roared on towards Aberdeen . Jake sat looking at Alaric, who was fast asleep on the facing seat. He pondered the Big Byte problem.
He had a sudden inspiration.
"CLEO! Is Big Byte your equal in terms of computing power?" he asked.
"My equal? Of course not! He is an ancient model. Totally outdated, absolutely outclassed! I am the latest ultra model with every development including fusers, musers and grombit memory access! I can get any item of data from my memory in less than one hundred million parts of a quesy. I am the very epitome of computing progress! I am utterly superior in every way! I could thrash Big Byte even if I was running on a flashlight battery and he was hooked up to a nuclear power station!" said CLEO.
"Good! Then you will thrash Big Byte and you will win the war for the Allies!" said Jake. "Following that I can complete my mission of Redemption! I can retrieve the two lost Stuff It cards. And finally we can jointly Cop the Lot!
There was a long pause as CLEO computed. It is not clear, even in retrospect, whether the computer considered Jakes remark to be an order or a suggestion.
In any event, her decision was positive.
"Yes!" she said finally "I will win the war! First, I require three robot crewed Mark Seven Dreadnought space cruisers in order to 1) Annihilate the Nazi invasion rockets 2) Smash the Nazi submarine fleets and finally 3) Knock out 3,234,240 Nazi robot tanks and 42,356,341 infantry robot troopers. I will also require two divisions of E Base robo troops equipped with Hades force cannon. Tanks alone cannot win wars! I must secure equipment and personnel! This action will reveal your location to the Regent but in times of war, one must be heroic! Long live the Allied cause!"
Some thirty minutes later the train shook with a massive boom. "The space cruisers are in position and the robo troops have landed! We have engaged the Nazis in France and we are attacking in Russia," said the computer. "V for Victory!"
The train roared on towards Aberdeen. Jake was dozing off when an excited announcer cut into a song about The White Cliffs of Dover.
"In the past hour totally unexpected and absolutely sensational victories by the Allies have been recorded! Both in and over the Atlantic ocean Big Byte has experienced wholesale defeats! It appears that the Allies have developed secret new weapons. In a surprise ground attack, what appear to be Allied robots have proved decisive! They have totally destroyed ten Axis robot army groups! Reports from the front have confirmed that the ground offensive was supported by massive space cruisers which devastated thousands of Nazi tanks ! The reporter refers to "incredible sheets of fire from the air!" Assault robots are now moving forward towards the open country north of Normandy. They carry the badges of the US 1st and 7th divisions, the Free French, the Desert Rats and the British 3rd tank division. It is believed that the Axis supercomputer Big Byte has postponed his planned mass rocket attack on the USA He must meet this new threat to the Fatherland! Stay tuned for news!
The Allied War Anthem sounded from the radio.
"Axis Super computer! Rubbish!" said CLEO, commenting on the broadcast. . "Humans know nothing about super computers. I am the only super computer on this planet. Big Byte will realize this. He will attempt to parlay for peace."
The train abruptly ground to a halt.
The engine began hissing steam.
The driver knocked on the carriage door.
Jake stuck his head out of a window, operated via a leather strap."We are almost out of coal!" said the driver. "We should be met at this point by a coal truck and a relief train crew. They have likely been delayed or stopped by the war! Your party must wait for them here... Thank you for traveling with All Britain Rail!"
He touched his peaked hat.
He was joined by his stoker and they both began walking towards a distant village.
Jake pulled the window as Alaric suddenly woke up. "We are out of coal," said Jake. "But we could use a nuclear rod .
"Nuclear rod?" said Alaric. "What is that?"
Again, Alaric seemed to have no memory of their previous journey. The steam engine Spitfire had used a nuclear rod to heat its boiler.
"Nuclear rods are a development of E Base R & D," said CLEO, chiming in. "The rod contains a nuclear reactor which reaches high temperatures and causes the rod to glow red or white hot depending on the setting. The reaction is controlled by pezio effects which prevents the reactor from exploding and becoming an atomic bomb. Do you wish to have a short lecture on the discovery of pezio effects, a discovery made by top guitarist Fret Horr?"
"Not at this moment although what you have said is good to know!" said Jake diplomatically. "But do we have a nuclear rod in our inventory?"
"Yes! However, you should note that I am busy fighting a war! I have only limited amounts of time to deal with trivial matters," said CLEO.
Trivial matters presumably included being stranded on a Scottish moor without food, drinks or fuel. Jake felt ravenously hungry, as usual. On top of this pressing problem the carriage was definitely cooling down. It would shortly reach freezing point as the engine stopped generating steam.
"Expand robot FIDO and instruct him to locate and expand the nuclear rod. He can then clear the grate of embers and install the heating rod which he can set to an appropriate output," said Jake. He was pleased with his full and complete instruction.
"Fortunately, I am capable of multi processing! I have conveyed your orders to FIDO and you are to be congratulated on the improved clarity of your thinking processes. I am currently in the process of communicating with Big Byte! He has suggested that we should join forces, rule this planet and then expand our empire through the dimensions to rule the Multiverse! His megalomania is astonishing!" said CLEO.
FIDO now appeared to grow out of the pack lying on the luggage rack while she was talking. Once back to his full size the golden robot swung himself to the floor. The robot rummaged through the pack and found a miniaturized nuclear heating bar and an expander unit. He activated the expander and passed the minaturized bar through it. Shortly he had a full sized nuclear fire bar.Without a word, FIDO opened the carriage door and used one telescopic arm to lower himself to the track.
He strode up the track to the engine. In a few moments, he had raked out the embers and activated the fire bar.
Shortly, the engine began once again to hiss steam.
Jake and Alaric climbed down from the carriage, walked up to the engine and climbed aboard. FIDO returned to the carriage, where CLEO was presumably playing lethal games with Big Byte. Jake wound up the regulator and released the brake. The engine began to move forward chuffing steam. Soon they were traveling towards Aberdeen.
In the carriage, CLEO was busy negotiating with Big Byte. It has to be noted that Big Byte was clearly outclassed. He was not only dealing with a more advanced computer but also a peculiar one off model which had been an elfin princess with an exceedingly high IQ. In any event, Big Byte had been maneuvered into a hopeless position. The computer was detested by the German population who longed for peace. When Big Byte tried to recall them to arms his orders were ignored. His robot soldiers, tanks, ships and robotic space fleet had already been decimated. Allied armies were racing towards Germany on all fronts, with virtually no opposition.
CLEO had already withdrawn her off world military forces, In contacts with Big Byte, CLEO claimed that she could not now change over to fight with Big Byte because her forces had already been programmed to fight against him. Reprogramming would take some time. Big Bytes own forces were in total disarray. His manufacturing plants had been vaporized. His field armies no longer existed. His rockets, submarines, bombers and even the highly trained "Big Byte Escort Brigade" had all been decimated. Big Byte decided to attempt a "final solution." It involved a risky kind of time travel. The strategy might destroy Big Byte or it might provide time for the computer to rebuild his forces.
In practice, the strategy failed. Big Byte is now inside a black hole orbiting around the planet Neptune.
While all this was going on, the train continued to move north. They roared through Aberdeen and watered the engine at a small siding some miles past the city. The train then steamed on towards Inverness. Jake considered making a 37 km road trip from Inverness to Loch Ness. He wanted to visit Nessie, the Loch Ness "monster" previously rescued from an Australian lake. However, Alaric was against stopping mainly on the grounds that Nessie would probably want them to stay at the Loch for at least a week. Alaric was also keen to see Jake return to E Base immediately and get "back to his full Princely self."
Eventually, Jake was persuaded to merely send a postcard from Wick.They passed Ullapool station near dusk and pressed on, stopping only to water the engine again at Thurso. The nuclear fire bar continued to radiate heat and the engine steamed perfectly. Daybreak found them steaming through Highland countryside of unsurpassed beauty. Vistas of hills and mountains flowed by on either side of the engine. Mountainous peaks formed a breathtaking background. Steep, rocky hillsides were pierced by cascading streams which bubbled merrily to valley floors. The track snaked onward, somehow finding a pathway past wild crags and precipitous valleys. Peaks already had a dusting of snow and frost. Several tunnels produced bursts of abrupt darkness accompanied by the roaring of the engine as sound bounced back from the tunnel walls.
Smoke filled the compartment and formed light coatings of black ash over their faces and clothes. But, apart from making both Jake and Alaric look like peculiar black faced minstrels, the coatings of dust proved harmless while the tunnels proved innocent of magical traps.
Inside the carriage the radio continued to blare out news. Events were now incredibly compressed. The radio had already announced that the Allies had advanced through France and Belgium! Tanks were crossing the Rhine and a general had famously relieved himself in that waterway. On the Eastern Front the Red Army was roaring through Poland! The net was closing on the Reich but incredibly there was no human resistance. Instead, the German people were out in the streets. They welcomed the Allies as liberators from the hated robot Big Byte! Tanks were now crewed by humans who were offered steins of lager. Tanks were bedecked with flowers. Then the radio suddenly began to wail like a tape recorder going fast forward. News flashes blared through the noise. Men had landed on the moon! A few minutes later the announcer was almost weeping as he read news that extremists had hijacked several jet aircraft and crashed into New Yorks Twin Towers. Then, in a final burst a voice said that the share market had collapsed and that the planet would now be living in austerity mode, This was assuming that the human race was not destroyed by climate change! The planet was warming. A second news item then claimed that the planet was cooling and on the brink of a new Ice Age!
In the engine, these compressed historical events went unrecorded. They steamed on through darkness, with Jake and Alaric both preoccupied with by the need to watch signals and keep an eye on the gauges. As they roared through the dark Scottish landscape they were alarmed on several occasions by sudden brilliant flashes of light accompanied by massive thunderclaps. According to CLEO, these effects were generated by phase shifts. Eventually the train steamed into Wick just before mid day. Jake called out FIDO to operate a set of points and pulled into a siding overlooking the Atlantic. He instructed FIDO to turn off the firebar, before wearily moving back to the carriage.
As Jake and Alaric climbed back into the Directors Observation Car, CLEO announced that a) the war had ended thanks to her intercession and b) they had now slipped back into "conventional" reality and c) that she was now the Unchallengeable World Computer Champion despite not actually playing Big Byte at chess. She had put her opponent into a black hole! This was an entirely satisfactory result! CLEO considered that she must now be world champion. There was no other computer able to compete with her!
Jake and Alaric lay down on facing seats and almost immediately fell asleep. Outside the sun rose slowly, casting shadows over the clean streets of Wick. But some distance out to sea, almost due north, a black cloud mottled with lightening bolts hung over a mountainous island.
Jake and Alaric both slept the sleep of two exhausted railway men. This meant that they did not sleep all day and wake that evening. Rather they both slept for a day and a night, waking to a new dawn which initially confused them both. Jake thought that he had only slept for a few moments until CLEO announced that he had enjoyed 36 hours of sleep. She was pleased to offer a large bowl of porridge with milk. Both porridge and milk had been "acquired" by FIDO. No details of the acquisition were given except for the fact that FIDO had left a (counterfeit) ten pound note in exchange for the goods. In any event, after Jake and Alaric had both used a toilet compartment located at the end of a corridor, FIDO appeared through the carriage door carrying a large bowl of steaming hot porridge and a bottle of milk. The robot placed the food and milk on an empty part of the seat and rummaged in what had been Princess Cleopatra's rucksack.
He located two plates and spoons. These were handed to Jake and Alaric. FIDO then poured out a generous helping for each of the two companions who both ate as only starving people can.
Once the meal was completed and washed down with the remaining milk (drunk straight from the bottle) FIDO vanished down the corridor. Apparently the Directors Observation Car was equipped with a galley. FIDO had left to carry out his dishwashing task. The sun was now high in the sky and they could see a view of the ocean backing onto a pristine white beach. Apart from the occasional booming explosion which seemed to come from a distant island, all was calm. With hunger pangs settled for the moment, Jake was about to ask: "Now what shall we do? when there was a sudden rap on the door. The rap was accompanied by a voice which cried: "Hail to the Prince Jake come to rescue his loyal Scots elves!"
Jake peered out of the carriage. Below his vantage point he could see a pair of what appeared to be hairy lady elves both wearing tartan skirts!
"There are two lady elves standing below the carriage," he said to Alaric.
"These are not lady elves!" said CLEO severely, "They are Scots elves. It is traditional for Scots elves to wear the tartan, which is a kind of skirt secured by a belt and sporran. A sporran is a purse used to carry personal effects and money. Scots elves often also carry a dirk and two broad swords hanging from the belt. They are renowned as fanatical fighters! The elves outside may entertain us with a Sword Dance! Would you like a short presentation on the origins and meaning of the Sword Dance? My presentation will take 14 minutes and 32 seconds. It will be illustrated with images projected by robot FIDO using special onboard equipment.
Not right now but thank you! said Jake."
An elf wearing a curious tartan hat now peeked into the carriage window. He gave a salute aimed in the general direction of Jake before dropping down from sight. "That was McIntosh the Wet," said CLEO.
"May I begin my presentation How to Sword Dance now?"
"No!" Jake and Alaric both spoke simultaneously.
"We will be busy talking to the Scottish elves," said Jake hurriedly. He had a sudden flash of inspiration. A possible way of placating CLEO who might otherwise turn feral. "However, you may run the presentation to yourself and FIDO! Channel Three can run the presentation for you while Channel Two watches it! Channel One can replay the material to FIDO in the toilet while Channel Four stays on guard and monitors human broadcasts."
"Very well!" The computer sounded miffed. "You will miss a very, very interesting show about Sword Dancing! If you need to do any Sword Dancing you may lose your toes as a direct result! CLEO out!"
Shortly the sounds of a bagpipe began to emanate from the toilet as CLEO began her presentation. Jake and Alaric opened the carriage door and stepped down to the track. Two elves dressed in the striking black and purple kilts of the MacIntosh Clan (E division) both saluted. "Hail to the Elf Prince!" said the elf on the right. "Hail to the Elf Lord!" said the second Elf. He continued: "Prince Jake! I am McIntosh the Wet and I am accompanied by Macintosh the Hard! How relieved we are to see you! We cannot reach the Gateway under the Isle. It has been occupied by a wicked magical creature who has decimated the Elvish War Clans!"
"It has decimated three Elvish War Clans!" said Macintosh the Hard. "First, we sent in the Red Watch. Their boat was torpedoed by the Ghost Submarine. They swam to the Island and crawled ashore. We heard only dreadful shrieks and we never saw them again! Then we sent in the Blue Watch, heroic volunteers! The Blue Watch were Elvish Nobility to the last elf. They had sworn to destroy the enemy. As they sailed toward that ghastly island a torpedo was fired by the Ghost Submarine! It failed to explode! The beastie went round and round in circles and eventually sank. But even as the Blue Watch rejoiced their boat was blown up by a contact mine in the Horrid Minefield! Yet even after that terrible blow the noble elves still managed to reach the Island. They waded ashore and formed ranks! They marched forward , ever forward! Then the whole line vanished and there was absolute silence! We have never seen any of them again!. The Red Watch and the Blue Watch were both obliterated! Finally, we sent in the cream of all Elvish forces on Earth. We called in the dreaded Black Watch! They are trained killers! They marched down to the foreshore with the swirl of bag pipes playing the regimental music Rock Around the Jock! They entered the unsinkable Black Watch Lifeboat. It was a wee stirring sight to see those gallant lads sail into battle! But then ..." his voice dropped to a whisper .,"the Ghost Submarine fired torpedoes! Fore and aft!"
Mackintosh the Wet continued: "But that Black Watch they were nay deterred! The salvo missed! They pressed on! Full ahead and damn the torpedoes! But was such valor rewarded. Nay! The torpedoes were still circling. They were ready to home in! Finally, there was a huge hit. The explosion blew off the starboard oars! But the Black Watch would not be stopped! They took half the remaining oars from the port side and paddled on! Onward towards the grim shore of that dreaded Island. They reached the Horrid Minefield and sustained no less than three massive blasts which holed the hull! Water poured in! They closed off five great jagged holes with their own tartans and seaweed plucked from the ocean floor! Plucked by the Diving Black Watch Elf, Angus McBottom whose name is legend! They continued to advance as they bailed out seawater. Finally they landed and immediately formed a line of battle! The piper played the Regimental Skirl! The sound of the Black Watch pipes came across the waters! .I stood with tears running as they advanced upon the Invisible Enemy!"
"What happened? Did they prevail? cried Alaric.
"Nay! They were decimated! Decimated! Felled by the horrid invisible menace on that island! A menace that will only be finally routed by Prince Jake and his sword Sting!
Alaric drew Jake aside: "Sire, this sounds like Big Trouble! Three crack squadrons of elves decimated! Even the Black Watch, elvish soldiers fabled through the entire Multiverse! Even they were decimated! How can we succeed where even the Black Watch have failed? We may not even reach the island! We will either be torpedoed or blown to bits by a mine! I would remind you that we are only on this planet to retrieve two lost Stuff It cards. We are not here to rescue a bunch of haggis eaters!"
"You are right!" said Jake. "If I were Prince Jake I would certainly take this challenge and rescue my people from tyranny! But I am not Prince Jake! Only my ears are Prince Jake's property. Therefore, this is not my fight. I cannot engage in a hopeless battle just because I have royal ears!!! And I would remind you, Alaric, that I am not on this planet merely to retrieve two lost Stuff It cards. I am actually a resident! I am an Earth lad! As an earth lad, my purpose is to get all the LNER namers! Following that I will assist you to find Prince Jake. I will then finally get my reward!"
CLEO's voice sounded from inside the carriage.
"I have transmitted the following news to Regent Ted at E base! Message begins: The Scottish Elves have been decimated! They have appealed to us for assistance! Convict Jake will assist! If he succeeds he will gain a free Rail Rover ticket valid on all regions! He will also get a special Gold Pass which entitles him to stay at any British Railway hotel with a free Big Breakfast. Assuming he is successful in defeating the invisible enemy his Gold Pass will be upgraded to Platinum! This pass includes a free daily five course dinner, a daily packed lunch and shed passes to any British Railways shed in the United Kingdom! In addition, as a special reward for bravery, if he succeeds, Convict Jake may use the Time Machine to return to 1952. The great steam years await him!"
"But what if he fails?" cried Alaric. "He will be dead!"
"But he will not fail!" said CLEO. "He has my great computing ability and my experience as a war winning planner on his side! He has robot FIDO for military operations. He has you, Lord Alaric, fighting at his side! In addition, I will provide Propaganda to unnerve the enemy!"
"As usual it's OK for you, CLEO! You will be sitting here safely in the train, playing chess, running half a dozen channels to amuse yourself and making fake broadcasts to confuse the enemy!" said Alaric hotly. "Why should we get involved in this mad venture? Why are you involved anyway? I thought you were doing a multi channel presentation to yourself and FIDO on the origins of the Sword Dance?"
"That presentation is currently running on Channels One to Three," said CLEO primly. "Channel Five is now dealing with this new important and extremely urgent matter!"
"I would also like you to note that Prince Jake is not convict Jake," said Alaric. "He is a Prince Jake of the Royal House."
"Would Prince Jake shirk at such a little task?" said CLEO. "No! But Convict Jake is not Prince Jake! Convict Jake is shirking once again! Convict Jake has repeatedly claimed that he is an earthman who has exchanged ears with the prince as part of a ridiculous cosmic plot! He was imprisoned as a convict! Now you claim that he is Prince Jake but he has lost his memory! That is a stupid allegation! However, I am willing to assume that 001 Prisoner Jake Zero may be totally innocent until proven totally guilty! However, prior to that very likely event, on the successful conclusion of this enterprise, in addition to the other offers I will also arrange a Celebration Supper! It will feature six courses and double chocolate pudding!"
There was silence as Jake digested this offer.
It should be noted that apart from porridge and milk he had not eaten for some time.
'Very well!" he said. "I accept the offer. What is the plan?"
"Robot FIDO will travel ahead in a pilot boat in order to draw the fire of the Ghost Submarine! However, it is most probable that the sub has no torpedoes left!" said CLEO. "The Ghost submarine may have shot its bolt!"
The two Scottish elves now moved closer and joined the conversation. "By your leave Sire, I must point out that the Ghost Submarine is believed to be U 2007. That sub was equipped with an experimental rocket battery known as the Wurzelburger!" said Macintosh the Hard. "Even if the submarine is out of torpedoes the rocket battery will still blow up your boat."
"I had not considered a Wurzelburger," said CLEO."A new plan is needed. I will compute."
After a few moments a bell rang.
I have a solution, said CLEO.
FIDO now entered the compartment. The two Scots elves gaped at the metal figure. FIDO was carrying a blaster tube mounted on a tripod. He removed one arm and felt inside. He retrieved two miniaturized rockets.
He passed both through the expander tube, an action which generated two full sized missiles. Finally, he replaced his own arm in its socket.
CLEO: "Robot FIDO will now disable to Ghost Submarine."
FIDO climbed from the carriage and set up the tube pointing seaward. Jake, Alaric and the Scottish elves watched from the carriage. FIDO loaded a rocket into the blaster tube. He adjusted the tube, carefully sighting over the barrel before issuing a command in his peculiar voice.
"Launch imminent......ten, nine, eight.."
At the count of zero the rocket produced a gout of flame and shot out of the tube. It sailed gracefully over the ocean before plummeting into the water. There was a massive underwater blast. This was followed immediately by a series of secondary explosions. Plumes of disturbed water boiled around the site.
Large waves then battered against the shoreline.
"The Ghost Submarine has been neutralized," said CLEO. " The Wurzelburger has been detonated underwater. Robot FIDO will now use special rocket armament to clear the Horrid Minefield. This new rocket is known as a MIRV. It carries multiple warheads. Each warhead will seek out a mine and explode in close proximity The rocket launcher tube has now cooled and FIDO is ready to dispatch his second missile."
FIDO loaded a second rocket into the launch tube and went through the same launch procedure. On the count of zero the second rocket flew from the tube and streaked upwards. It appeared to travel further out to sea before abruptly plunging downwards. A single explosion was then followed by an entire series of massive underwater detonations. The sea boiled again. White water spread across a large stretch of ocean lying between the beach and the island to the north. Eventually the maelstrom calmed. A succession of giant waves battered the shoreline.
FIDO passed the rocket launcher tube through the miniaturizer and packed the resulting tiny tube inside his metal body. The robot pressed a button on the side of the miniaturizer and the machine was itself minaturized. It was also packed away inside the robots metal body.
"The passage to the Island is now clear," said CLEO. "The Ghost Submarine and the Horrid Minefield have both been neutralized. You may proceed on your mission. Please carry the small video camera which FIDO will give you. This will provide a record of your heroic attack and will be recovered for posterity if you both fall in battle."
Jake, Alaric and the Scottish elves now climbed down from the train. FIDO offered a small camera to Jake who hung it from his belt, The robot now unpacked a large inflatable boat which proved to have a substantial seating capacity. He inflated the boat using a pump which he produced from his abdomen. Jake. Alaric and the two Scottish elves then assisted FIDO to carry the inflated boat to the edge of the sea. The robot finally attached a powerful outboard motor to the rear of the craft. It was apparent that his onboard jet was not considered powerful enough for ocean travel. The Scots elves now "requested permission to join."
The request was turned down by Jake.
His reason: on the likely grounds of failure, the two Elves would be needed to help repel any attack on the mainland.
FIDO held the boat as Jake and Alaric climbed aboard. Anxiously watched by the McIntoshes, the robot then pushed the boat through the inshore waves before heaving himself aboard and starting the engine. With a plume of water, the craft started across the bay. They proceeded towards the island, breasting over large waves, riding forward with a white wake directly behind. They steered towards the deadly island which had claimed so many brave elves in the past.
The McIntoshes watched as the boat gradually receded.
"Shall we ever see our Prince again?" asked the Wet.
"Have we actually seen our Prince this time?" said the Hard. "Did ye hear the lad claiming to be a Sassenach! If he is an imposter I hope the Island will take good care of him!"
The inflatable boat gradually drew close to the shore. Shortly, the boat grounded and rasped onto a gravel beach, pushed in by the waves. Jake and Alaric stepped gingerly ashore, followed by FIDO . The robot secured the boat to an ancient sign which protruded from the beach sand. The sign announced they were on private property and would be subject to a large fine if apprehended by the Reeve.
"It's not a fine from the Reeve that troubles me," said Alaric, reading the battered sign. "What bothers me is how can three regiments of well trained, fully armed elves vanish without a trace! Shall we be the next to vanish, Prince Jake?"
"If we do vanish it will save CLEO providing a large meal!" said Jake crisply. And once again I must remind your I am not Prince Jake! In some strange way the prospect of immediate action had restored his nerve, which had been sadly lacking at the commencement of this new enterprise. He led Alaric up a winding sandy path through dense bush. However, as they reached the brow of the hill the path widened and FIDO suddenly rushed past. The robot was armed with a Sten gun held in his right hand. He brandished a revolver in his left hand. Both guns were cocked and ready for action.
It was apparent, from his speed of motion, the robot was in Military Mode. As Jake and Alaric breasted the rise, they saw what appeared to be a large bubble of yellow light. Inside the bubble, three squadrons of Scottish elves lay horizontal and motionless. In the centre of the bubble a somewhat decrepit elf sat on the stump of a tree.
The elf saw them approaching. He seemed to move in ultra slow motion. He waved his arms, looking like a semaphore signal that was short of power.
FIDO ignored the gesture and let off a blast of Sten gun fire. The bullets popped against the yellow bubble and vanished. They appeared to be absorbed by the brightly lit surface of the bubble. FIDO then tried his revolver, with the same result. The gun barked six times. Six rounds vanished into the yellow bubble.
As Jake and Alaric watched the robot shouted "Lie flat!"
They both dived to the ground as the robot threw a Mark 7 Avenger grenade. But again, there was no result. The grenade reached the yellow bubble but the blast appeared to be somehow absorbed.
FIDO then muttered something which sounded like "Sherhite!" before charging at the bubble himself, apparently intent on engaging the seated elf in hand to hand combat. As the robot reached the barrier there was a percussive pop and he fell forward. His entire metallic body now lay inside the strange bubble. He was apparently now unconscious.
The elf sitting inside the bubble moved forward in slow motion. He slowly arranged the robots body so that it lay at the end of a row of elves. Other rows of elves lay behind in serried ranks of apparently dead warriors.
The elf inside the bubble now came slowly towards Jake and Alaric. He gestured at the golden bubble waving his arms slowly in a semi circle. He then made a drawn out cut throat gesture with his hand. He fell in onto his knees. Again in slow motion he shook his head and waved his arms as if to deny all responsibility for previous events.
This entire pantomime took some time.
"I know that elf!" said Alaric. "He is the slum landlord Grimwade! He was given thirty years in the E Base High Court for crimes against the poor! He has somehow constructed this impassible barrier so that he can never be arrested! He will never pay for his crimes!
As Alaric sheathed his sword, CLEO's voice suddenly sounded from the camera attached to Jakes belt.
As usual; the computer had ensured she had full contact!
"The slum landlord Grimwade did not construct this barrier himself, said CLEO. He has been imprisoned by the Gateway computer! The yellow bubble is a Gateway projection! Grimwade is imprisoned on the island. He is held in a bubble of stasis. The Gateway computer must have decided that a term of thirty years was insufficient punishment! This is incredible! The computer has over ruled the court and applied its own punishment! Grimwade's crime was selling houses on low deposits and then grabbing them back by charging exorbitant interest which the buyers could not pay! Grimwade was given what many considered an incredibly light sentence! Thirty years with hard labor! He was in the process of appealing via the legal firm of Grabit and Snatch. They were attempting to get him off with a small fine! Then Grimwade suddenly vanished. His fate was unknown until now! It appears that the Gateway computer has attended to the matter! Grimwade has been imprisoned in a bubble of stasis! He must have been passing close to a Gateway when he was snatched and trapped in the bubble! I hope he rots in stasis for ever!!! "
The receiver on Jake's belt shook as CLEO's voice rose with suppressed passion. It was another entirely non digital event which served to remind Jake that CLEO was actually the Princess Cleopatra who has somehow become imprisoned in a computer.
Jake and Alaric walked around the edge of the bubble until they faced the hole which marked the end of a tunnel leading to a Gateway entrance. The mellow voice of the Gateway computer greeted them. "Good day to you, Jake and Lord Alaric. Have you come to inspect my special prison? I have built it for the criminal Grimwade. He is still serving his court approved sentence of thirty years for crimes against members of the Elfin Race. However, inside the bubble, time is retarded so that his sentence will appear to be thirty thousand years from his personal point of view! He does not require food or water as he is sustained by the field itself. His sentence will give him time to reflect on his fiendish criminal activities and the grief he has brought to many homeless elves! Do you wish to interview him?"
Alaric and Jake stared at the hopeless figure of Grimwade.
Alaric: Controller, while one could not argue with your action, you have also caused a number of elves to become unconscious and also lie in stasis. In addition, our own robot FIDO is now also unconscious and lying in stasis.
Yes, I realize that unfortunate events have occurred and I am working on a solution. It comes down to n > w x %4 with an infinite variable which has so far baffled my computations. But now that you are here you might consider my sentencing. What do you think of a straight 30,000 years in real time?
Jake considered the matter.
"A well deserved sentence but that will not give his former customers their homes back!" said Jake. He reflected for a moment and then said: "Gateway Guardian! Withdraw the stasis so I can talk to Grimwade."
The golden bubble immediately vanished.
The desolate figure sitting on the rock suddenly started with shock as Alaric addressed him. "Grimwade! Prince Jake will question you!" said Alaric sternly.
Jake ignored the Prince appellation and simply spoke.
"I am short of funds, Mr Grimwade!" he said suddenly. "Do you have any money you can advance in respect to gaining remission of sentence?"
Alaric looked at Jake in horror. "A remission for this loathsome creature? he said. "Sire, I would suggest the Gateway has suggested exactly the right sentence! Thirty thousand years! Even three million would not be excessive!"
Grimwade: "I have already been in here forever!
He paused and then continued in any oily voice: "My Lord Prince, simply name any amount and I will provide it in exchange for immediate release and your royal pardon!"
"Gateway, what are Mr Grimwades total assets?" said Jake.
"One hundred million Golden Suns!" said the Gateway computer. "He is accumulating interest at five percent."
"One hundred million Golden Suns is the initial charge for your possible release Mr Grimwade," said Jake.
Grimwade: All my money! Never! I will stay here!
Jake suddenly drew Sting.
The sword crackled angrily in the On Guard position.
"Do you agree to my terms, Mister Grimwade,"he snarled. You can be released in one of two ways! One is slow and expensive while the other is very cheap and very rapid!
Grimwade instantly understood that his alternatives were either a payment or a quick thrust from the sword.
He nodded weakly.
"Gateway! Open a special account for the purpose of settling mortgages and have all necessary repairs to the houses carried out. Purchase the mortgages and instruct each former mortgagee that they now own the property. They can move back in once repairs are carried out. Use any leftover funds to pay for a general feed for all elves over the age of say 10 years. Now, will there be any funds left in Mr Grimwades account once those operations are complete?"
Jake replaced the crackling sword it its sheath.
It subsided into a disappointed silence.
"Two hundred Golden Suns will still remain, your Royal Highness." said the Gateway Guardian.
"Use those funds to purchase a derelict, run down property about one hours walking distance from the Royal palace! Mr Grimwade will live in that property while he attends to his working duties!" said Jake.
Grimwade immediately protested. "Your Highness! You have taken my entire fortune. I am a landlord! I collect rent. I visit the bank! I inspect and buy new properties in order to expand my empire!" he said "That is my job, my humble role in your empire."
"No, Mr Grimwade that was your humble role in the Elvish Empire. That role was in the past! In the future you will have a new role. You will be working for E Base Robots!" said Jake.
"But, but I am not a robotics engineer!" said Grimwade.
"You will have no need of that skill. Your function will be to hose down the toilet cleaning robots and wipe away any residues remaining on their metal bodies. As you watch the debris flush away and breathe in the associated smells of your labor you can reflect on your former sad life! Your pay will be sufficient to pay interest only on a five hundred year mortgage! Assuming mortgage rates stay low you may have enough left over to keep you on subsistence rations! Still, we are not without mercy! Your sentence may be reduced! Once you have sincerely repented your sins, the Gateway will find you another job in a more congenial situation! Gateway! Kindly convey Mr Grimwade to his new house. He is to report for his new job! You will provide him with five dollars to cover his first weeks rations!" said Jake.
The stunned figure of Grimwade vanished as the golden bubble contracted into the tunnel. As the bubble vanished the supine figures of the Scottish war elves all began to move. FIDO also abruptly returned to life. The golden robot sprang to his feet, brandishing his guns.



Chapter 11

No rest for the wicked


We have taken care of matters, FIDO!" shouted Jake. "Please escort the Scottish elves back to the beach and convey them back to the mainland in whatever numbers the inflatable will carry."
As the elves climbed to their feet he shouted, "Gentlemen! We are victorious! Please follow the metal man back to the beach and he will arrange transport back to the mainland!"
And thank the Prince Jake! shouted Alaric.
After thanking Jake and Alaric for the rescue ("Thank ye, the Prince Jake and thank ye the Lord Alaric!") the Scottish elves now marched back to the beached inflatable. The boat proved capable to carrying one division of twenty elves on each trip. Three trips proved sufficient to carry all the elves back to the mainland. Alaric and Jake crammed in with the Black Watch, who insisted on traveling last. Several members of the Black Watch spent some time looking over the wreck of their clan war boat, retrieving sodden kilts which had been used to repair holes in the hull. They spent the voyage back to the mainland discussing the prospect of repairs and how to save wood, nails and caulking on such an endeavor. Alaric commented that the elves were certainly Scottish types to be interested in such details. Soon they were all back on the mainland. Lead by the two MacIntoshes, the elvish clansmen marched back to their homes located in the Forest of Arwon. The Scottish elves lived on flettes. or homes built onto the high branches of suitable trees. Such homes, cunningly constructed, are totally invisible from the ground.
Alaric and Jake retired to the carriage, where Jake expected that CLEO would offer some kind of congratulations on what had been a notable victory.
Instead, there were no words from the computer. However, a table had been retrieved from some hiding place in the carriage. It now stood between the two rows of facing seats. A tablecloth covered the table which carried plates and cutlery. Jake and Alaric sat down in anticipation. CLEO finally spoke and told them to wash before eating! The might have been contaminated by some kind of bug on the island! The computer added that Jake's actions re the criminal Grimwade had been well thought out. But this unfortunately provided even more evidence of his own criminal mind! The fact that he was able to manipulate Grimwade with such skill provided an insight into his criminal methods of thinking.



Chapter 12

Time for R & R


Alaric shook his head at the computers continued insistence that Jake was a convicted criminal and not Prince Jake. But he did not make the mistake of arguing with CLEO. Jake and Alaric meekly obeyed the computers instructions. They washed in the small toilet at the end of the carriage. They trooped back to the table and sat down. FIDO appeared and served what proved to be a memorable six course meal. One delicious course followed another.
Jake was at last fully replete.
He was actually fully stuffed for the first time since he had enjoyed his monster breakfast at E Base. That breakfast seemed to have occurred a hundred years ago.
But following this meal, it was now time for rest and reflection. Jake settled down comfortably, leaning against the padded armrest and preparing to have a well earned rest, starting with a nap.
His plans were immediately challenged.
"We must leave immediately!
The voice of CLEO sounded urgently from Jake's backpack which rested on the luggage compartment above his head.
"There is another opportunity towards your Redemption! A dragon is terrorizing Wales in a sub Universe!! We must depart! FIDO! Use the shift machine! Target: 2012, ref 56748 9032!
As the computer spoke the carriage door suddenly opened. Two dark haired men dressed entirely in black climbed aboard.
Druids! said Alaric.
We are indeed, said the leading figure. He suddenly knelt in front of Jake. We are Druids in search of the Dragonslayer! Druids who have traveled the length of England and Scotland to find him! We now conduct the recognition ceremony. He produced a revolver.
He pointed the gun at Jake and said: Hand over your money!
Jake reacted with demonic fury. He swept back his overcoat and Sting flashed into view to point at the Druids throat.
At that very instant CLEO operated the Time Space Shift and the whole carriage blurred with a kaleidoscope of shifting colors and sounds. Abruptly, the world came back into focus, with the Druid still kneeling and with the point of Sting still at his throat.
It is him, Taff,!" croaked the kneeling Druid. "Definitely him! I tried to hold him up and everything went pear shaped! And his magic sword is at my throat! Exactly as stated in the Druidic! We have found him! We have found the dragon slayer!
He lowered his gun gingerly.
The sword point stayed at his throat.
The second druid now spoke: "Prince Jake! We are aware of your amazing exploits on the Scottish coast. All has been written in the Druidic. Now we beg you to clear Wales of the dragon. You are the chosen elf! You must vanquish a fearsome monster which has appeared from under the mountain. The mountain which carries the name of  Llanfairanfalanboggleleeprantergogglegoch."



Chapter 13

Dragonslayer?


Jake. pulled back the sword and replaced it in its sheath. "I am not Prince Jake! I may have elf ears but I am not an elf, I am not him and I am not a slayer of monsters! I do not intend to visit Wales. The first druid had now put away his revolver. He spoke: Dragonslayer. I have something to show you."
The man produced an acorn which he showed to Jake. The acorn was badly scorched and had a fearsome crack across its shell. "Sire, the dragon is roasting and murdering hundreds of acorns with its fiery breath! They lie scorched and dying on the slopes of the Mountain! They cry for vengeance from the Dragon Slayer!" he cried. He dropped the scorched nut into Jake's hand.
Jake stared at the ravaged fruit of the oak.
His expression slowly changed. His face could now only be described as one of murderous rage. He pulled out Sting and waved the sword which sparkled with a green light and spat fat green sparks. "Damn that dragon! Kill for the love of killing!" he shouted.. Where is the beast?
At that moment an enormous blast of flame scorched the carriage window. Right here Dragonslayer! cried a loud voice. I am right here. Come on out and start slaying!
Jake stared out through the window which had cracked in the heat. He could see the huge form of a dragon! He could also see a mound of smoking coal, a few battered shrubs and his own doom waiting outside!
The railway coach, its locomotive and all its occupants had been twaddled into a railway siding near the entrance to a Welsh coal mine. Mined anthracite had originally been loaded onto a railway truck ready for transport. But the truck been tipped over by the dragon, using one powerful clawed foot. The coal had formed a glistening black pile. Under the searing impact of the dragons flaming breath, fifty tonnes had ignited and burnt explosively. This fierce fire had delighted the dragon. Once it was well in progress the dragon stopped acting as a flame thrower and merely stood watching, holding out one giant claw to warm himself. He sang a few bars of "Keep the Home Fires burning."
The same white hot blaze had scared the wits out of various onlookers hiding around the area. At this very moment, Jake's train arrived at a siding close by. The train pulled to a stop with the usual screeching of brakes and hissing of steam.
The dragon stopped singing and started reciting a poem.
When he arrived in a curious train,
He saw a dismal vale of gloom,
The dragons breath had toasted all
Was this his final doom?
"Well, that part is wrong!" cried the dragon, apparently commentating on his own poem. "I am not planning your final Doom! I am a good lad!" He then recited: "Dragon name Blowtorch! Development type X 291. No team available! Gemini twins not located! Dragon now waiting for new trainee riders!"
The dragon finished his speech with a peculiar song:
"Rock, bop a blowtorch a bam bam bop!"
As the dragon sang, he thumped his massive feet on the ground, causing the entire valley to shake. Inside the carriage the occupants could clearly hear the dragons voice and feel the tremors. CLEO then spoke: "Blowtorch! That is the name of the escapee dragon of Perno! The dragon masters have offered a huge reward for his return! They even advertised on the inter dimensional news hoping he had reappeared somewhere in the Multiverse! They could not find him because he slipped into this world and he is terrorizing the Druids!"
"And he is definitely terrorizing me!" said Jake morosely. He stared out of the carriage window looking up at the immense form of the dragon. "Look at him! He's gigantic!" His voice choked. "I've had lots of hard luck since I got sprung from the nick but this is it! My Final Fight!"
The dragon appeared to hear him.
"Hey, Jake!" cried the dragon. "There is no need to fight! I am a peaceful combat carrier! I only fight in space for big money! Big, big, big money! But I just want my riders!
Inside the carriage, there was a stunned silence. Then Alaric spoke: "Sire, we must try to capture that dragon! There will be a huge reward for him! He is a trained dragon from Perno. We can wear flame proof suits, go out, subdue the dragon and then get the dragon masters to twaddle him back to his den!"
"I can hear you!" cried the dragon. "I can also tell you that your silly flame suits will be useless! You will be toasted, roasted and then turned into crisps! I will then be guilty of murder by cremation! I suggest you bring out the suits and put them on sticks to I can demonstrate my fire power!
Jake: "Do you think he is bluffing?"
Alaric: "Perhaps we should call his bluff!"
"He may not be bluffing!" said CLEO. "Information from the Multinet states that Dragon Development Type X 291 has sufficient incendiary capability to totally destroy the supposedly fire resistant suits in my store. It will be necessary to confirm this information via an experiment. FIDO has placed the suits on the luggage rack. Put each suit on a stick, then hang the suits within the dragons vision and shout some insulting phrase. Before shouting, please retreat to a safe distance. If the suits survive then we may assume that the dragon is bluffing."
Jake and Alaric both collected a suit. The suits were one piece boiler type garments made of some shiny type material. They both climbed down from the side of the carriage out of the dragons view and collected two stout sticks. Jake sharpened one side of each stick using Sting. The sword crackled and spat sparks.
"I can see your little sticker!" cried the dragon. "It wont be any good inside my special field! I have a full electromagnetic! I can melt that silly little thing just like I can melt your stupid suits!"
Jake hurriedly slid the grumbling sword back into its holster. In a kind of involuntary crouch, he lead Alaric around the back of the train. The pair then advanced towards the dragon in a crab walk. They moved cautiously, taking cover behind a few remaining blackened trees and bushes. Finally they reached a rock about 100 meters from the dragons vast form.
"We have brought the suits so you can demonstrate your supposed ability to destroy them!" cried Jake. "We are going to lean them against this rock on two poles and then we will retire to a safe distance. Please do not fire until the suits are in position! After that count to ten and then go! Agreed?
"Of course!" said the dragon. "A free demo. I love a good fire!"
Cautiously, Jake and Alaric reached around the rock and put the suits into position. Each suit hung on a stick precariously balanced against the rock. "Start counting, dragon!" shouted Jake as they ran back behind the carriage. He had been trying to think of some way to insult the dragon but all he managed was a weak: "I assume you are clever enough to count to ten even if you can't spell!"
The dragons reply came in the form of a white hot jet of flame. The flame played briefly on the first suit, which almost immediately caught fire and crumbled into dust. The dust formed a shower of sparks which fell to the ground. A few strands of grass immediately caught fire. The dragon then zeroed in on the second suit and produced the same result. The flame stopped.
"What do you mean I can't spell?" said the dragon. "I can spell better than you can! Everyone knows you can't spell! Of course, if we have a spelling competition, you will probably cheat and ask know all computer CLEO! Or should I say you will ask Princess Cleopatra? Where is she, CLEO?
Jake was stunned by this remark. Did the dragon somehow know that Princess Cleopatra had gone into a fit of fury and changed in computer CLEO while making a dimensional change? However, Jake said nothing. CLEO had already shown that she was not immune to digital stress and this would not be a good time for a possible computer breakdown. He needed CLEO fully operational, to find a weak link in the dragons armory. Followed by Alaric he climbed back into the carriage, again using the door which was out of the dragons view. As he climbed into the carriage, CLEO spoke. "That dragon must be severely punished!" said the computer. "The disgusting beast has insulted the Princess Cleopatra! He must be punished and interrogated! He must know where the Princess is imprisoned! The Princess may lack even basic cosmetics! No lipstick or face powder! No perfume or bathing facilities! And that dragon may well be one of those responsible! He even may have eaten her alive!"
The dragon again appeared to hear CLEO's remarks.
He chortled to himself and recited:
"CLEO thought that Blowtorch did the deed,
Kidnapped the Princess for a tasty feed!
When the actual culprit was bad translation,
On a perilous journey through a strange dimension,
The colonel lost his marbles! He was obsessed,
Forgot the accord to make a mad arrest!
Then her raging fury left all agape!
While she secretly readied a fast escape,
But during the trip she got the pox,
And locked herself up in a metal box!"
Jake was stunned by this recitation. How did the dragon know the cause of Princess Cleopatras malaise? It was a fact that the Princess had reacted to Colonel Viljoens attempt to arrest her with a bout of uncontrollable Royal rage. While lambasting the soldier for his disgraceful criminal ways and his failure to honor an agreement, the Princess had secretly reprogrammed the dimensional craft in order to escape. But somehow during the ensuing journey through dimensions she had changed dramatically. The princess had turned into computer CLEO. But how did the dragon know this?
Jake stuck his head through the carriage window and shouted up to the dragon: "How do you know that poem?"
"There's no need to shout!" said the dragon. "I have perfect hearing and I have been able to hear everything said in your railway carriage. I can even hear CLEO talking to you on your sub woofer, although she thinks her voice is inaudible! In any case, to answer your question, the whole story is in a saga called The Lost Prince. I listened to it in my compound while I was waiting, waiting. waiting for Gemini, my riders who." his voice dropped to a sad whisper.... "my riders who have never turned up."
"Never turned up?" said Jake.
"No! Never turned up although they were definitely invited.. and offered a huge contract ..and they would have ridden the best fighting dragon ever built! Brand new!"
The dragons voice broke and he suddenly began sobbing.
Massive teardrops spattered around the valley.
Steam rose from several hot areas of soil.
Jake turned back into the carriage. What can he mean? They never turned up?" Jake asked Alaric. "Surely a dragon would have only one rider? Do they have a reserve rider or do they change riders at some point during contests? "
"Each fighting dragon has two riders, Sire," said Alaric. "One looks after each side as they conduct aerial fights. The dragon means that its team of riders failed to report for duty. The dragon would have been put back into its den while arrangements were made to find two new riders."
"Yes!" sobbed the dragon. "I hear you, Alaric the Elf!! Put back into a lair! Nothing to do but listen to sagas! But then He helped me! He has brought me here to find my riders!"
"He?" said Jake. "Who is He?"
"He is the Gateway Controller, Jake!" said a cultured voice. The voice seemed to come from all around the carriage.And as for the Princess, what can one say? Never change dimensions when you are annoyed or upset! That is a Prime Rule. It would have certainly have helped if the Princess had read the Dimensional Travellers Guidebook properly. SuperSpeed reading may be impressive but if the reader fails to comprehend the material the exercise becomes ineffective! The Guidebook clearly states that you must be in a calm and placid frame of mind when hopping dimensions!
Alaric: 'It is the Gateway controller again! He must have opened a Gateway from the dragons quarters to this spot! But why?
The cultured voice of the Gateway Controller answered immediately. "Correct! I did open a special Gateway under Section 311/2 A. Why? Because this very special dragon was pining! Pining away in his luxury lair! The reason? He is designed to fight for glory! To bond with his riders! Without them he became desolate! He has hardly eaten a good meal in a week! In fact, he has not eaten since he arrived in this sub dimension. He is simply burning coal to keep his mind occupied! I opened a special Gateway so he would be close to the Gemini twins! To give the three of them a faint chance of getting together. I told the druids to search for you! You can locate his riders and get them to the dragon! Doubtless CLEO will give your promised points when you complete that task."
The voice chuckled in amusement.
"But how am I to locate these Gemini twins?" said Jake.
"Even a fake elf should not baulk at such an easy task," said the Controller reprovingly.
"I am not an elf!" shouted Jake angrily.
"I said a fake elf!," said the Controller. "But you definitely have elvish ears! And you have managed to get lost once again."
"Shilamabosco!" shouted Jake furiously. "I am not a fake Elf. I am an Earth lad! I have been kidnapped! I have lost my ears!"
"Shilambosco!" said Alaric, butting in. "You have remembered another Elvish word! It means: I have lost my marbles!
"A fairly perfect description of his current condition!" said the Controller. "It appears that all members of your party are in a similar state! However, you must all get on with your current task. Locate the Gemini twins and help this worthy dragon!"
There was silence in the railway coach.
Outside, the dragon continued to sob fitfully, occasionally blasting out a jet of fire which blazed across the Welsh valley and caused l the hidden onlookers to immediately duck for cover.
Jake stuck his head out of the carriage window and shouted. "What about the acorns?" he cried.. "You may have lost your riders but this forest has lost many of its children!"
"I am very sorry to have destroyed acorns!" the dragon blubbered. "It was a reflex. When I suddenly found myself here I started hyperventilating and became incendiary! I started firing up the coal dumps and a few trees! And then I just couldnt stop!"
He whimpered miserably.
"It is true!" said voice of the Controller. "I did not give him a briefing before translating him from his quarters in Pernod. I just felt sorry for him and shifted him here!
Jake put his head back into the carriage and addressed Alaric and the druids. "Well, this certainly puts a different complexion on matters. It is a fact that I have nothing to do with this lost elf prince the druids were seeking! I am merely a concerned human being caught up in all this! But I believe that I should help the poor old thing. Then we can get back into the normal dimensions, travel to the Big Smoke and settle the matter of who I am once and for all! The fact I have someone else's ears is not conclonsive!
CLEO immediately chimed in. "I assume you mean conclusive. I am no longer going to correct your spelling because you are beyond help! In any case, I am currently searching local Census records for the name Gemini. Oh, my goodness!"
The computer almost seemed to almost gasp.
"What have you found?" said Jake.
"I have found the Gemini twins! They are royalty! And they are imprisoned in the Black Tower! Imprisoned on the orders of King Winnie Thatcher. He has sentenced them both to death but he is afraid to give the order in case he gets bad karma!"
Outside, the dragon suddenly perked up.
"Where is this Tower?" cried the dragon. "I will fly in and rescue my riders!"
The two druids, who had been sitting listening spoke.
"The Black Tower cannot be approached by air," they intoned together. "Because it is guarded by an ack ack gun which shoots down anything in flight! Thousands of birds have died simply attempting to fly over that deadly impregnable tower! The Black Tower can be reached only by rail. The A23 road is closed due to shell holes and dead birds. The council workmen refuse to repair the road because of danger from falling shells. The Dragon Slayer and his Elf Lord must drive to theTowere in a steam engine! From the main line to Kardiff, they will take the branch line to the Black Tower through the Endless Tunnel. They will alight at Black Tower and proceed to climb the Death Path! But when they reach the summit they will find that the only way to gain entry to the prison is to kill the Undead Guardian! The Dragon Slayer must personally kill the Undead Guardian and rescue the Gemini twins. The train is waiting!"
Jake, who had briefly recovered his nerve, once again fell into profound gloom. "I knew it!" he cried. "I must either fall off the Death Path or be slaughtered by the Undead Guardian! How can I kill a Guardian who is already dead?
He turned to Alaric who was sitting white faced next to him.
Jake made a generous offer. "Alaric, it is not necessary for you to accompany me and die as well!" he said. "Make your way back to Scotland! Take my pack! Use CLEO and the time machine and attempt to return to a proper dimension. Try to cop a few namers in my memory. Use the Scottish Gateway to get back to your home! There is no point in trying to retrieve the lost Stuff It cards. The Prince is lost! My own real home is beyond reach! Will I ever hear the sound of Bowed Balls (Bow Bells) again."
"Bowed Balls, Sire? What are they?" asked Alaric.
"They are bells which peal all over Undone, my old home, Alaric. Bowed Bells, located in Piccallily Circuits (Picadilly Circus.). ButI will never see my old Home again! I must now face my final doom!" said Jake miserably.
"The so called Death Path is not much of a problem," said CLEO suddenly. "There was a full set of builders plans in the Kardiff Library. My study of the old blueprints indicates that it is simply a stone staircase super cooled by a peculiar local weather condition. Because of a stationary downdraft fed by extremely cold air from the edge of space, the staircase is constantly encrusted with black ice! It is extremely slippery but by wearing mountain clothing, special boots with crampons and using a forward throwing climbers rope, you should be able to reach the top of the tower! This is where the Gemini twins are held,awaiting execution. I can provide mountaineering clothing, boots, two sets of crampons and an automatic forward self attaching throwing rope. These items are being expanded from stores! However, the Undead Guardian may prove to be a more difficult problem. You might have been able to fell him using Sting but he is protected by a Full Spectrum force field. If Sting comes into contact with the force field it will short out. The field will then electrocute you via a lethal shock from your own sword! For the same reason, FIDO cannot do your fighting for you. He would almost certainly be shorted out and probably ruined forever via any contact between him and the Undead Guardian. In any case, FIDO cannot accompany you. He must stay here because if you are not successful he will have to report our demise to E Base. FIDO must travel to a point where I hope he can re contact E Base and report!"
Then Jake suddenly got a Big Idea.
"I can use the Gadder!" he said. "I can fire the Gadder at Maximum Penetration. I can stand back and shoot at this Undead bloke until he falls over. He may still be undead but while he is flat on his back we can scoot in. We can release the twins, get them back to the train and live happily ever after! I have already used the Gadder at Maximum Penetration. It flattened that weird bird in the witches cave. Knocked it dead! It was a good shot for someone who had not been able to use a catapult for some time.
His mind flashed back to his months as a convict in jail. If only he had not been such a fool wanting to protect an oak tree which was none of his business! He had been a model prisoner! He would still be a model prisoner happily enjoying three good meals a day plus two filling snacks if he had not been stupid. His mouth watered at the thought of food. Somehow, CLEO seemed to be aware of his musings. Possibly the computer was monitoring his saliva output.
"The Druids plan is to give you a huge feast if you are successful!" said CLEO.
This statement settled the matter. FIDO was instructed to break out the expansion unit along with crampons, the forward throwing self attaching climbing rope and the Gadder. FIDO laid out these items outside the train. Jake and Alaric both changed into climbing gear. They checked the crampons by climbing up the side of the trench, using the crampons to bite into the soft ground. The special rope proved to be a remarkable device. It was only necessary to instruct the rope to "attach to highest point." Jake tested the rope by throwing it towards an oak tree with the instruction: attach to highest point. The rope proved to be self propelled.
It zoomed up and anchored itself firmly to a point high up the tree trunk. The command: Ease off! then caused the rope to fall back and coil itself ready for the next job.
CLEO assured Jake that the rope would work in exactly the same way on a rock face.
It would automatically locate a crevice and form a firm belay. With crampons, auto rope and the Gadder, Jake felt reasonably well equipped to complete his mission and rescue the Geminis.
The Druids, the engine driver and the fireman had left the train. They now huddled in a trench, peering distrustfully over the edge at the weeping dragon.
Jake and Alaric now took control of the engine, while FIDO piled their gear inside the carriage. The robot climbed into the carriage and slammed the door. In order to avoid needing to stoke the engine, Jake opened the fire door with tongs and threw in the lump of catalytic coal he had pocketed earlier at Annesley. Although he had not carried out the calculation outlined by Pete Sharpe he made a very lucky guess and the cat coal had landed in what must have been the right spot. The fire immediately responded with a mild explosion followed by a very substantial increase in heat. Steam pressure rose to a point slightly below the red line marked on the pressure gauge. Jake closed the fire door and settled in the drivers seat with Alaric occupying the stokers seat. With the engine blowing off excess steam, Jake released the brake and wound up the regulator.
The train began puffing up the line towards Kardiff.
The actual trip to the Black Tower proved brief and uneventful. They picked up speed rapidly, The train rounded a couple of curves and passed through a short tunnel. Apparently this was the so called endless tunnel which was presumably named by poetic license.
Finally, the track plunged into a cutting which immediately widened to incorporate a station Directly ahead, Jake saw a sign NO STOPPING PRISON AREA. A signal located at the far end of an overgrown platform cranked down instructing the train to proceed without stopping. Signs along the station platform announced: STATION CLOSED! NO STOPPING. STATION CLOSED. Jake ignored both the signal and the signs. He brought the engine to a stand in the middle of the platform and wound on the brake. The engine stopped directly outside a doorway marked The Black Tower. Behind the doorway they could see the tower itself, looming upwards, wreathed in tendrils of fog. The train stood hissing steam as Jake and Alaric both climbed down from the engine. FIDO appeared and started unloading their climbing gear
Jake suddenly recalled that he would need ammo for the Gadder. He climbed back into the engine, jumped down onto the track and collected a pocketful of pebbles. He climbed back onto the platform via the engine. He was immediately enveloped in a bitterly cold fog which crept down from the doorway opposite, Despite wearing insulated clothing both Alaric and Jake shivered. With chattering teeth, they collected the various items needed for the climb. Leaving FIDO to guard the train, they moved to a doorway at the base of the Black Tower.
Suddenly, Jake noticed an elevator on their right.
The elevator was marked: Black Tower, Authorized Personnel Only.
"We can use the elevator!" said Alaric happily. "We won't need to make a dangerous climb up hundreds of icy steps!" Before taking Alaric's advice, Jake put his head through the doorway and gazed upward. Black ice marked a series of steps marching towards the sky. The icy ascemt vanished from view as it climbed around a corner of the tower.
"This place is certainly well named," said Jake. "The Black Tower. It is indeed as black as an icy winters night on Oberon!"
"Sire, you have remembered another piece of Elvish lore!" said Alaric. "Oberon is an EBase moon. Some winters nights it is horribly cold on the moon. Thus the phrase "Black as an icy winters night on Oberon!"
"Don't start all that bull again!" said Jake. "It am not an Elf! I am an Earth lad and when I reach Undone and the Big Smoke you will meet my parents and friends! I will get my ABC back and that will give me a head start on my Great Quest to Cop the Lot! That is a certainty! As certain as the fact that a ride in a lift is easier than a climb!"
He walked across to the elevator door and pressed a button. They waited as a whining noise announced the imminent arrival of a lift. Eventually, a door slid open and a well lit cage appeared. Jake threw in the coil of special climbing rope. He was about to throw in his rucksack and enter the lift himself when he froze in mid step. Looking down he could see only a gaping black void. The coil of rope had vanished! The elevator did not have a floor!
He could see only a black shaft diving downwards into the rock.
Eventually, he heard a faint splash as the climbing rope reached the bottom of the shaft.
Jake stepped back carefully.
He addressed his rucksack,
"CLEO! Can I shout something to make the rope come back up?"
"Unfortunately the answer is negative," said CLEO/ "The rope has submerged in a subterranean lake 1000 meters below. It cannot be retrieved. You will have to climb without the rope. And by summoning the elevator you have already alerted the Undead Guardian that someone is trespassing. He is now alert and waiting for you at the top of the staircase. "
It might be assumed that Jake would immediately give up and run back to the train shouting that he wanted to go home to Undone. In fact, he gamely pulled on his crampons and attached the Gadder to his belt Then he indicated that he would lead the climb! Alaric strapped on his rucksack and donned his own crampons. He followed Jake onto the black ice which marked the first step of the staircase. In the dim light surrounding the tower, the elf glowed with a ghostly light. Below, through the roiling fog, they could see an immense rock face gleaming wet reaching down to a dark valley far below.
Jake started on the first step outside the doorway. Almost immediately he started windmilling as his feet found no purchase on the black ice. He was able to save himself from a fatal fall only by desperately digging in his crampons and managing to regain his balance.
"Get back!" he shouted. "We will have to find some other method of getting up this thing!"
Alaric stepped back and Jake retreated, digging in his crampons as he inched his way backwards.
Eventually, they were both back inside the doorway.
Jake now addressed CLEO.
"What should we do?" he said.
"It would probably be best if FIDO leads the ascent," said CLEO. "I have a short rope which you can attach yourselves to. In the event of a slip, FIDO may be able to belay you while you climb back to the steps. Alternatively, you may all fall and die as a roped up group! I will call FIDO."
The computer did not make any sound but FIDO immediately joined them. The robot had looped a climbing rope around his metal shoulders. He attached the rope to Jake's belt and then to Alaric's belt. Eventually, they were all roped up and FIDO led them out onto the staircase. The robot had changed his footwear into a pair of what looked like rubber boots. Long metal spikes stuck out from the soles. The robot appeared to be perfectly at ease on the forbidding staircase and the party started climbing. By digging in his crampons with a kind of kicking actIon, Jake found he could gain at least a semblance of a firm footing. They climbed three complete turns of the staircase without incident and then Jake told FIDO to halt while he got his breath back. As they rested Jake asked CLEO "What will happen to FIDO when we reach the top?"
"He will be electrocuted!" said the computer. "I will also be electrocuted if the Undead Warrior manages to get close to you! What would be the greater loss? A brilliant robot or a world champion chess player who outwitted a computer posing a serious threat to the human race!"
"What about me?" cried Jake, his teeth chattering in the bitter cold of the exposed tower steps. "Surely I would be the greater loss? You are machines! I am a human who has had bad luck!"
"You cannot be regarded as a human being because you have Elvish ears," said the computer. "You are actually a convicted elvish criminal on a Journey of RedemptIon. You are attempting to atone for your evil past! Move on! Report: The intense cold threatens to freeze up FIDO's joints!"



Chapter 14

The Airborne cannot wait!


They moved forward, slowly circling the Black Tower. Some of the steps leaned downwards at acute angles so that even with the crampons digging deeply into the ice they were still balanced precariously over the dizzying drop. There was nothing to hang onto and if any of the climbers had slipped the entire rope would have almost certainly fallen to a certain death.
They advanced to a point about half way up the tower when a bird suddenly flew alongside and hovered, wings beating rapidly. "Blow Torch is worried. He wants a sitrep," said the bird.
"We are half way! I intend to shoot the Undead Guardian!" said Jake.
The bird flew off, heading towards the distant Welsh coalmine where the dragon waited. The climbers pressed on, one agonizing step after another, digging crampons into the hard, black ice of the seemingly endless series of steps. As they climbed higher, the cold seemed to become more intense. Both Jake and Alaric shivered so much that they vibrated.
"You are vibrating in G minor!" said CLEO. ""The Dead Guardian is replying in F sharp!"
And they could actually hear a keening sound above the chattering of teeth.
Abruptly they reached the final pitch of the tower. They moved slowly upward until at last the staircase ended. The way ahead now crossed a small courtyard at the top of the tower. However, further passage was blocked by the awesome, frightening figure of a ragged knight with a deathly white face.
The grim apparitIon was covered in frost and carried a long bow. "Who visits the Black Tower? Who will combat the Undead Knight and join his collection of frozen corpses?" said the knight in a harsh, deep voice. He raised his bow with a frozen arrow already notched. "Advance into the arena! Kill or be killed! Do you wish to fight as individuals or as a tag team?"
"What is a tag team?" Jake addressed his question to CLEO as his small group stumbled up the remaining steps. Finally, they stood at the very top of the tower and unhitched the rope. Behind the knight they could see a low building.
A face was peering out from a small window which was partially clear of snow.
"He has been watching Wrestling on TV through that window," said CLEO. "One wrestler fights until he is almost knocked senseless. But if that person is able to touch a second wrestler in his tag team he is allowed to rest and the second person takes up the fight. However I do not see how a tag team can functIon when the first fighter has been killed! And I do not understand how he can be a tag team himself when he is only one knight. Ask him to explain the rules."
"Explain the difference between fighting as individuals or as a Tag Team?" shouted Jake.
"If you fight as individuals I will kill each of you in any order that is convenient," said the Undead Knight. "If you fight as a Tag Team I will program one arrow to kill you in sequence!"
"We'll fight creatively!" shouted Jake bravely. "You won't be able to kill any of use because you will be finally fully dead yourself!"
"I am already dead!" said the knight. "To be accurate I am Undead which is more or less the same thing. Are you ready to meet your end, little person?"
Jake drew out the Gadder.
With his teeth chattering and with frozen fingers he pulled out a stone and loaded the catapult.
He turned the control to Maximum PenetratIon.
"I have a brief message for you!" he shouted.
He drew back the Gadder and took aim on the knight. He released the missile. The stone flew, scorching through the air with an incredible rasping sound. The velocity of the stone appeared to be irresistible. However, the Undead Knight could see the stone approaching at high velocity. Yet he did not even duck! Instead, he watched with interest as the stone smashed into some kind of invisible barrier and vanished with a crackle of flame and a puff of smoke.
"Well," said CLEO. "So much for the idea that his field only stops metal!"
"Was that feeble missile your only challenge?" said the Undead Knight mockingly.
He raised his bow and aimed at Jake. He began pulling back the string.
"Now what can we do?" cried Alaric. "He will electrocute FIDO with his electrical field. The same horrid field will also short out our swords! We have no defense against his arrows!
He will slaughter us and add our bodies to his collection of frozen meat!"
"Let's get back down the staircase," said Jake urgently. "We must get out of his line of fire! We definitely need to think!" FIDO stepped back and took the lead. The robot retreated down the staircase. FIDO reached a point which was out of sight of the Undead Knight. He telescoped out one arm. Remarkably the arm curved and formed a hand rail around the edge of the tower. Jake and Alaric had something to grasp as they rushed back down the staircase. Even with this aid they almost fell off, slipping on the treacherous surface.
Finally they both rounded a corner and stopped next to FIDO.
Suddenly the messenger bird again appeared, fluttering close by. "The Airborne cannot wait!!!" cried the bird. "The Airborne has taken off! ETA 2 minutes!"
An ack ack gun suddenly began firing from a nearby valley. Suddenly, the immense figure of Blow Torch appeared, mighty wings outstretched, zooming down from behind a cloud. There was a massive blast of tightly focused flame from the dragons mouth. The ack ack gun stopped firing abruptly. The dragon then executed a superb Immelman roll and began diving almost vertically towards the top of the tower. The knight appeared to suddenly become aware of the attacking dragon! He raised his bow. But his action was too late. Blow Torch blasted a second burst of intense yellow fire. Bow and arrow both burst into flame and vanished. The Undead Guardian himself appeared to rock on his heels. He tried to reach a sword attached to his belt. His rocking motIon intensified as flames played over his entire body. The sword glowed and became white hot before melting. Suddenly, the knight himself crashed to the ground and lay still.
Smoke jetted from his blackened armor.
He lay inert as Blow Torch landed on the open area of the tower.
The dragon filled a substantial portIon of the courtyard.
Blow Torch gazed down the staircase as Jake peered back around a corner of the rock. The dragon inspected the surface of the stairs "All frozen up!" he said. "Stand back!"
Jake stood back as a blast of fire scorched down the staircase, melting the ice, revealing pitted black rock below. The heat was intense.
The steps were completely warm and dry within a few seconds.
Jake, Alaric and FIDO were now able to climb the steps and join the dragon at the top of the tower. As they stood surveying the surroundings, a door suddenly opened and two young girls stepped out onto the open space.
"Gemini's!" cried the dragon. "It's them! My riders have arrived! MY RIDERS!!!!"
He started hopping around joyfully but stopped when the entire building began to shake and groan alarmingly under the massive impact of his giant feet. The dragon continued: "My wonderful riders are here, the greatest riders in the Multiverse! I have found them! Eureka! Now we will joust the Pernod skies for Glory, Fame and Massive Riches!"
"Good heavens!" said the leading girl. "Glory, Fame and Massive Riches! Your offer sounds too good to be true! But, if we stay here we will eventually be executed on the orders of the mad tyrant who rules our rightful realm! He is not a good loser! After we both thrashed him in the NatIonal Joust he has been quite unable to forgive and forget! He was initially beaten with my sisters mace which put a large dent in his helmet and gave him a king sized headache! He insisted on continuing to joust. In the second round I caught him with my lance and he fell off his horse! I had the point of my sword at his throat ready for the coup de grace. The crowd roared for the kill! But he pleaded for his life, babbling and bawling like a babe! I let him live! He had us arrested ten minutes later! We were thrown into this tower awaiting execution! But I run ahead of myself! Let us follow protocol and formally introduce ourselves. I am the Princess Gemini One. My sister is the Princess Gemini Two! What is your name, dragon? And what are the names of the boys and the metal man?"
She indicated Jake, Alaric and FIDO.
"I am Blow Torch and they are my friends!" said the dragon. "They are Jake, Elf Lord Alaric and robot FIDO. There is a fourth member of the party. The Elvish Princess Cleopatra. She is a trifle. indisposed and asleep! My friends climbed the Icy Steps and challenged the Undead Guardian in order to facilitate your release!"
"They are heroes then! True heroes! But, how did they come to be here in this backwater of a Universe?" asked the second Princess. "According to our family lore we are not in the normal universe at all. We are in some kind of cul de sac where things are very different!"
The dragon answered, apparently having full knowledge of Jake's previous activities. "That is true, Rider Gemini! We are all currently in a fractal universe which is a kind of spin off from Universe Zero Plus. The Princess arrived at planet Earth in Universe Zero Plus. She was accompanied by her brother and Jake. They had all returned to Earth from EBase. They had several unfortunate happenings which culminated when they attempted to get back to 1952! Instead, they landed in this fractal Universe. And they still need to retrieve two playing cards held on planet Earth in Universe Zero. In that Universe, a group of human scientists are investigating events that occurred when Jake first moved! He was at that time living under an oak tree near to a house on Kingswood Drive, Chirnside Park, Victoria, Australia. The oak tree was threatened with demolition! An unthinkable situation! Jake and the Elf Lord Alaric defend the oak tree which was already under attack! As a result of this defense they were then obliged to flee! Two important cards were lost during this flight. Both cards must be retrieved! Riders! This presents me with an idea. We must prove that we are worthy of our place in the Premier League The proof required is that I can do various complex maneuvers and that that my riders can do anything! We can pass the Competitors Admission Test by retrieving two magical cards and returning them to this party of travelers. The cards are Magical Objects. Getting them will save a great deal of trouble and may even enable Jake to carrying out his plan! He aims to be the great train spotter!"
"How fascinating!" the two girls spoke in unison. "We must definitely help our Hero!"
They both patted Jake fondly.
He blushed scarlet at what he considered to be undeserved praise.
The dragon spoke again, his voice booming around the rocky courtyard of the tower. "In any event, we should return to more suitable surroundings. I will convey you! Please assume your fighting positions!"
The two girls seemed to understand exactly what was required. They climbed up and mounted a double saddle. In front of each rider, an assortment of lethal looking weapons gleamed in the dim light. "What about us?" said Jake.
"Its a long way down! The steps are freezing up again already!"
"Hop on behind and I will give you a lift to the train!" said the dragon. Jake, Alaric and FIDO sat behind the two ladies. Jake had one arm around Gemini Two while Alaric clung on behind him.
FIDO sat at the back of the great beast, firmly attached by some kind of suckers which he had extruded from both hands and feet.
The dragon took off, chortling and singing "Come fly with me!"
They few in a great circle around the tower, gradually descending. Then with his great wings beating rapidly the dragon hovered at a spot close to the station. Jake, Alaric and FIDO scrambled down, first onto the dragons giant paws and then onto the ground.
The dragon flew off, rising rapidly, turning in the general direction of the coal mine. Jake and Alaric climbed into the carriage and changed back into their overalls. FIDO produced two cups of tea from some unknown store and they relaxed for a short break.
Jake reviewed his plans. .
They must first get back into Universe Zero, in the year 2010. He would find his parents and explain that he would be away for a while. He needed to cop all the namers! He knew that CLEO had a Time Machine so he could travel back to 1952. He would allow CLEO to spot with him in order to avoid conflict! He had far greater plans than copping the lot for only one year! His target was all namers for all time! He could afford to share a little glory. CLEO could print a Super Platinum Rail Rover. This would allow him to travel anywhere, anytime. CLEO would travel in his satchel with his sandwiches. He would also need a book of Shed Passes, money for food, a sleeping bag for bunking down in stations and a few changes of clothing. Once he had copped all the LNER namers in 1952 he could move on to the LMS, the SR and the GWR. Then and only then would he be prepared to help Alaric.
Following his initial record, after locating the Elf Prince, Jake would return to Earth and go on to cop every namer on every railway in every year since railways began!
But right now his primary objective must be to Cop the Lot at least for one year! Once he had achieved this ambitIon he was prepared to take part in a search for the missing Prince. He was motivated in this area by the fact that he would get his normal human ears back and also get massive rewards. The missing Prince must give him a big reward for returning the royal ears in a medical swop. Jake would return to earth and cop all steam namers on every region for every year since 1840! No one could ever surpass such a record!
How many namers were there on all regions between 1840 and 1960?
He asked CLEO. The computer said that there were 72,453 steam namers! Alaric listened patiently but said nothing. The total of possible namers then began to grew significantly. Jake told CLEO to include all foreign railways and their namers. With massive travel funds and a time machine he could actually cop the lot for all time internationally! After about two hours the number of namers from all countries since 1820 had grown to 243,451. Jake pronounced himself satisfied with this figure as the Super Spotters Absolute Target.
But, he still had the problem of getting back to Universe Zero.
CLEO admitted that she did not currently have a solution but she was working on it. Finally, Jake and Alaric left the carriage and climbed back into the engine cab. Jake reversed the engine. They clanked slowly backwards until they arrived at the site of the coal mine. Jake stopped the engine. Looking over the site of the mine they found a large throng busily putting up tables and cooking various items over bonfires.
Strangely, there was no sign of the dragon or his riders.
As the train arrived the people all stopped working and gathered around the engine
They began clapping and then singing softly:
The dragon returned and did a fancy roll,
And then dived into the smoking hole!
Two lovely Princesses cried goodbye!
Gone to a strange home in the sky!
Druids Taff and Taffy hurried forward and climbed into the engine. "Prince Jake!" said Taff. "You have fulfilled the prophecy! But the dragon has kidnapped two girls! Both are lost!"
"What happened?" asked Jake,
"The dragon came back and did a victory roll over the mine !" said the second druid. "Somehow the riders hung on! In fact they waved and shouted Goodbye! Bravery beyond belief! The dragon dived straight into the coal mine! He has taken two maidens to his dragons den!"
"The ladies will get riches and fame beyond hope!" said Jake. It was obvious that the druids did not understand his comments. They merely bowed and muttered what sounded like: "Hail to the Mighty Elf Prince!"
Jake gave up on his explanation and climbed down from the cab, followed by Alaric.
He said: "Let's get stuck into the feast!"
The twenty course meal that followed provided another memorable occasion. Jake's only regret about such feasts was that they seemed to only occur at very extended intervals. At the end of the feast there was a presentation ceremony. The two chief druids presented Jake with a steam car! The car, a De Dion steamer which had been made in France had been smuggled into Wales. Apparently the druids had been so sure that Jake would come that a considerable portion of the treasury had been used to get a suitable present. Jake admired the car, an open two seater with a large buggy seat behind. It was fuelled by logs and had a top speed of 20 mph. You will be able to find plenty of wood along side the road, said the presenting druid. Water should be refilled every 100 miles or so. We were told to point out that water cans are carried behind the chassis and that should ensure they are refilled whenever you get the chance.
A second presentation was made by a dignitary who had the title of Tom Jones. This was apparently a title of great importance. This dignitary sang a short song in accompanied by drum, double bass and four guitars. the song was: Its not unusual to be mad with anyone... Quite how this fitted to the actual situation was not explained, Following the song Tom Jones presented Jake with a steam driven bow. This was quite a remarkable piece of ordinance. The bow had two canisters on either side. The canisters were filled with dry wood and light, The bow then gradually tensed and a short demo showed that it would fire a metal arrow straight through a large tree!
On waking, he asked CLEO if she had now found any way to get back to "the normal Universe so he could locate his parents."
CLEO said that she was currently unable to get them back to Universe Zero. She was working on the task. To locate his parents Jake must give more details of his former place of residence. She needed the names of his parents, the names or nicknames of his friends, the name of his school, what hobbies he had, etc. Jake said that he may have lived near to either Picallily or Kings Crossings. The name of his parents must be the same as his own name. That might be Zero although it did not seem right. He could not remember any more details. CLEO then pointed out that Piccadilly and Kings Cross were two places which had been featured in a video he had watched while he was held in his original prison.
Could he remember any other place names?"
Jake was unable to remember any other places but instead said: "Conjournicolly!"
Alaric immediately pounced on this word. The Elf Lord said it was an Elvish word which meant "stop bothering me with stupid questions!" This lead to the usual argument about Jake's identity. Jake said the matter could only be resolved by a quick trip back to Universe Zero. CLEO said that such a trip was impossible due to problems with the transfer equipment and the fact that there were in a sub universe.
At this impasse there was a sudden boom in the meadow and a MultiverseYellow Cab appeared!
After a few moments a cloud of steam dispersed and a driver peered out of the front cab.
He said: "Special Delivery! Package for Prince Jake! Which is he?"
Alaric pointed to Jake and the driver handed over a small package.
It contained the two missing Stuff It cards along with a short note:
"Dear Prince Jake, we knocked out Colonel Viljoen and fifteen soldiers plus a funny little man in a white coat. We have retrieved the enclosed magical objects! Lethal force was not necessary. We used only disabling karate chops! Regret delay but had to win enough funds to pay for a two way taxi trip so you could get home to EBase! We are jousting next week in the Finals! We hope you will visit us soon. Love from Team Blow Torch!
Alaric was stunned. "How can it be? They only left a couple of hours ago!"
The cab driver looked at him strangely.
"Don't you know anything about the Multiverse?" he said. "Time in this backwater passes extremely slowly. Blow Torch and his team have been fighting for months! Winning everything in sight. They must have made a huge amount even to pay this fare!" he said "It costs a fortune to travel outbound from E Base. The cost of an inbound defies comprehension! The Multiverse Yellow Cab Company do not normally even offer inbounds! The cab goes back empty! They must have paid a staggering amount to get you an inbound!"
Alaric was overjoyed. His glowing form lit up until he was almost dazzling. "We have finally had a turn of good fortune, Prince Jake! Your brilliant victory at the Black Tower has secured us a ticket home! We have the Stuff It cards and a free trip! You can lead the search for your missing sister, the beautiful and adorable Princess Cleopatra!"
"Looking for Princess Cleopatra won't take long!" said Jake. 'I am prepared to bet everything I have that she will be back at E Base as soon as we are! In any case, I have hardly any namers! The namers I got in this wierd dimension don't really count. They aren't even listed in a proper ABC! In this dimension there is no Flying Scotsman! There is no Sir Ralph Wedgewood! There is no Nottingham Forest! There are no proper namers at all! Therefore, I must get back to Universe Zero. I MUST COP THE LOT!
"WE must cop the lot." squeaked CLEO, her voice sounding from Jake's back pack. "It's vital! WE MUST COP THE LOT!" Then even robot FIDO joined in! We must all cop the lot! he said.
"But we have no way of getting back to Universe Zero!" said Alaric patiently. "If we get home to E Base we can plan a new trip and try again. With the return of Blow Torch we will also share an enormous reward. You can buy your own dimensional ship and try again!"
"Wait!" said Jake, struck by a brilliant idea. "We can use this taxi to get back to Universe Zero! I can find my parents and let them know I am OK. I must either live in Undone or Chirnside Park. I can check both! Then I can start spotting what's left of the namers in 2010 and cop the lot! That will at least be a start! After that I can get back to Scotland and use that Gateway to return to E Base. Once I've got a decent start on copping the proper lot I am prepared to help you find the prince. Then I can get my ears changed back to normal and collect my reward! And then I can really get stuck in! I can buy a time machine and cop the lot for all time, all regions! LNER, LMS, GWR and Southern. In fact, I will do the entire planet for all time! I dont want some freak stealing any of my glory!"
"A freak? A freak? I am not a freak! One region is all I ask!" said CLEO.
And one region will do for me! said robot FIDO. I am also not a freak!
A tremendous row was averted when the taxi driver spoke.
"You won't get back to Universe Zero in this taxi! said the taxi driver. "You can only go to E Base in Universe One, via Wormhole 772/13. I have programmed my return to E Base through that Wormhole and I can't make changes at this end. The meter is running!"
He pointed to a meter on the side of his cab.
The dial was whizzing around at high speed. Smoke was trickling around the machine.
The driver continued. "I suggest you get in,sit down and shut up. If you stay around arguing I'm off! I can say I couldn't find you! You will be stuck in this wierdo dump!"
He looked around at the druids. His lip curled up in a sneer. "Wierdo dump!" he repeated.
"Prince Jake, with my share of the enormous reward I can pay off my debts!" said Alaric. "I will even buy you a new transporter! My 60% will get you a trip anywhere in the Multiverse!"
"Your sixty percent!" said CLEO. "You are not due for sixty percent! Prisoner Jake took all the risks and fronted against that horrible undead thing! As a Prisoner of the Crown he must get 100% so the Elvish Royal Crown must get 100%! And even that input would not be enough for him to pay off his unpaid speeding fines. They are constantly accruing interest!
"Speeding fines!" cried Jake. "They were pretend fines on a holo car! I don't owe real money!"
"The court will eventually consider that interesting plea! But what about the money already advanced?" said CLEO. "What about that? The fact you gave it away does not cancel your debt!
The driver revved up the taxi impatiently. The entire surrounding environment shook.
Then Jake suddenly had another idea, a brilliant one!
When they returned to E Base, CLEO would turn back into Princess Cleopatra and she would forget his unpaid speeding tickets. The Princess had already ruined his train spotting prospects by falling out with Colonel Viljoen. She had turned into Computer Prison Warder CLEO and then imprisoned him in a new Underground Prison.
But with 100% share of a vast reward he could purchase his own one seat transporter! He could go alone!
She could not spoil his next trip!
He made up his mind immediately.
"I agree that it's best we get back to E Base!" he said. "Everybody get in!"
He removed his pack and put it onto an empty seat. Alaric climbed aboard followed by FIDO. There was a sudden pop and the craft vanished from view of the assembled crowd.
"Exactly as the Bard sang!" said Taff.
"He came,
He saw,
He conquered,
And then he popped away!"
However, while Jake and his party had popped away from one place they were still traveling through a wormhole and a very peculiar eternity.
The cab rattled and shook, vibrating with strange lights and sounds.
Suddenly, Jake's pack burst open and Princess Cleopatra rolled out feet first onto the cab floor.
This event was followed by a juddering screech and the light and sound show stopped.
They had arrived at EBase, directly outside the royal palace.
Jake followed the Princess out.
She did not speak but immediately made for a door leading into her private apartment.
A squad of robot troopers rushed out from the Guardhouse and arrested robot FIDO.
He was body cuffed, hand cuffed, foot cuffed and then carried into the Guardhouse
Alaric seemed bemused.
Eventually, he got his bearings and strode off towards his home near the palace.
The driver climbed out of his cab and now stood with an entirely false smile on his face. "Well, good sire!" he said. "I trust you enjoyed your trip and will reward your heroic driver! A driver who piloted you safely and speedily through that dreadful maze, that fearful jungle, that eerie strangeness that lies between Universes!"
"I have no money!" said Jake.
"You rotten tightfisted punk!" cried the driver.
He looked at the cab meter which had now stopped. "You owe me 3.5 trillIon!"
"But the fare was already paid!" cried Jake indignantly.
"The basic fare was already paid, yes! But you kept waffling on! The meter was running white hot! Three and a half trillion! And we will collect! We have our methods, punk!"
The taxi driver smirked before climbing back into his cab.
The cab vanished with a bright flash and an ear splitting roar.
Regent Ted and Personal Assistant Roger 001 came hurrying from the Palace.
"Robot FIDO is to be dismantled," said Regent Ted dramatically. "He shot an entire crew of robo troops! I had sent them to assist if you were in danger! He is obviously a rebel with some kind of faulty software! He tried killed our own troops! And Colonel Viljoen has offered a reward of $10 billion dollars for information leading to your capture!" He paused for effect. "However, apparently you are worth considerably less than Princess Cleopatra! The Colonel has offered $200 trillion dollars for her capture! Have you got the Stuff It cards?
Wearily, Jake handed over the two cards and the pack, which had stayed in his pocket throughout the return journey.
He was then allowed a night of blessed rest and another excellent breakfast before being summoned to the Reintegration Machine.
Regent Ted was waiting at the machine.
"Apparently there was some problem with the transfer computer," he said, "But the Princess returned from a holiday last night and she has fixed the machine. It is now working correctly.
The king may be back in a matter of hours." he said. "We must reintegrate before he arrives. By the way, I forgot to ask. Have we copped all the namers?
Before Jake could reply, the master computer suddenly spoke. The machine spoke in the same cultured voice which Jake had last heard on a Scottish Island, an event which now seemed to have happened a few centuries ago.
"The three dwarves and robot FIDO are all parts of Prince Jake," said the machine. "They must be brought here before reprocessing can begin. The full inventory includes Jake, Regent Ted, FIDO, Stumpy, Grumpy, Little Sam and the special Stuff It cards."
A period of urgent messages followed.
Eventually, the three dwarves were hustled into the room.
They were all bleary eyed and reeked of stale whisky.
Finally, FIDO was wheeled in by a platoon of robo troops.
The golden robot was secured with pinions on his arms and legs. His waist was fastened to a portable ultra laser which was set on automatic in case of any attempt to escape. Since he was unable to move he was brought in on an anti gravity trolley.
Following an order from the computer, FIDO was released from his shackles. Five robots with drawn laser weapons stood in a semi circle covering him.
Alaric then came rushing into the room.
"Prince Jake!" he cried. "Good luck on the transfer! The Princess has been found! Apparently she has been away on holiday, meditating!"
"What surprising news!" said Jake. "I thought she would be OK!"
The Reintegration Process then began First, the machine asked for the Stuff It cards. The cards were fed into the machine and inspected. The master computer commented on the process. "These cards provide a record of the Princes genetic sequence -- two cards have been very roughly treated! It appears they have been thrown around, inspected by XRay, and even immersed in acid! Fortunately the actual data sequence remains intact otherwise reintegration would be impossible! Next item should now enter!"
Jake walked into the machine and stopped inside a blue chamber about half way down a long tube. Regent Ted followed. There was a puff of red smoke and a robot butler walked out of the tube. The persona of "Regent Ted" had vanished. A globe in the centre of the machine began to glow. The three dwarves were unwilling to enter the machine unless they were each given "a wee dram for the nerves." They were finally forced into the machine by Alaric, using his sword as a prod.
The dwarves vanished in three muted explosions.
The glowing light became intense.
Finally, FIDO walked into the machine.
The globe began to pulsate rapidly,
A bolt of lightening suddenly flashed downwards FIDO's head. The robot jerked. An Elvish aura began to shine brightly around his body. Quite suddenly the metallic body vanished and Prince Jake appeared! Looking bemused he walked out from the machine. He was followed by Jake, who now had human ears!
Alaric stood transfixed at this unexpected event.
"Gesontimo Alaric!" said Prince Jake. "That was damned strange! I thought I was a robot and now I find that I am actually an elf! "
"And I thought he was you!" said Alaric, pointing at Jake.
And I knew my second name was not Royal, said Jake. My actual second name is Boyle.
"Correct, Jake Boyle! I arranged for you to visit Cerne on a school trip. You were transported to E Base via the Large Hadron Collider which intersects with the Multiverse Railway. You were hired to be my human lookalike on my special train spotting trip!" said the Prince. "Cleopatra was worried that I might get caught by the humans and arrested as an alien spy! You were there to be my cover! Your task was to divert any cops or military so I could get back to a Gateway. I assumed you would be safe as you are human. And you would be rewarded when your large internet debt was paid. A simple, fool proof plan!
Alaric: Sire, what happened to the simple, fool proof plan?
Prince Jake I planned to leave quietly.But Cleopatra found out! She was incredibly angry when she found we were about to leave for Earth! She was livid! Raving mad! She insisted on coming! The fact that we only had two first class Multiverse Express tickets with insufficient funds for a third traveler made no difference. She forced her way in! The translation machine could not handle the load and conked out! The result was a full scale translation error! And after all that we only got one namer!"
He walked over and put his arm around Jake's shoulder.
"But, you Jake, you have been a fantastic lookalike!" he said. "Its a shame that you were unable to spell! That was caused by the faulty translation. The machine was still trying to please the Chief Programmer. It gave CLEO every possible chance to put you in what she thinks is your proper place,.. To be blunt in her mind your proper place is under her heel! The translation machine tried to carry out the translation program which was mainly centered on Cleopatra being in control of everything!
This is what she said when we were about to leave.
She must be in total control and she must be invulnerable! The only way the machine could carry that out was to provide a prison and make her the computer warder! She was in total control and invulnerable. I thought I was robot FIDO and I had to obey CLEO! That was probably a reflection of what the Princess normally wants! She wants me and everybody else to obey her! She hates the idea that I will actually be in charge of E Base some day. And after that disaster of an interdimensional train spotting trip, unfortunately, I must always remain the royal elf who failed to cop the lot!"
"And I am the human who failed to cop the lot! said Jake. 
He thought for a moment and then cheered up.
"However, I suggest a new plan! I have a massive reward from the Geminis. I intend to buy a single seat transporter and a time machine and go back to earth in 1962 to cop the lot! Then I might do all regions back to Rocket, then the rest of the railways across the whole planet! I will cop a vast treasure which can never be duplicated. The boy who copped the whole lot for all time!
"That is not very likely!" said the voice of Princess Cleopatra. She walked regally into the room and continued: "I would remind you, Jake, that you are wanted as a fugitive on earth! There is a huge reward on you! The fact that you now have peculiar shrunken ears will not save you! The UFO military people will believe you have had cosmetic surgery! Many crooks like you have such alterations for the purpose of disguise! She continued smugly: "I am also on Earths wanted list. The reward on my head is substantially higher, of course! Just as one would expect!
Oh, said Jake. So its no longer dearest Jake! Again, I am just someone to be constantly chided and treated as a criminal! Now I have become a genuine wanted criminal! A schoolboy who is a wanted criminal as a result of you forcing yourself into our party!
The Princess did not appear to hear him.
She said: You have, of course wasted the enormous reward paid by Pernod for the return of their dragon. My own personal rule is waste not, want not!
"What do you mean, waste?" said Jake. The reward was gigantic! I must have plenty of money left. Enough to get the necessary equipment and do the job, cop the lot!
Princess Cleopatra continued coolly: "That is incorrect. First, the funds were actually sent to Prince Jake! You are not Prince Jake and therefore even if any funds remained they would not be your property! In any case, there are no funds left! You kept a Multiverse Yellow Cab waiting while the meter was running! Incredible! What astonishing stupidity! On my orders Treasury have already paid that bill, taking much of the remaining reward from Pernod!" The taxi company also threatened to place Lord Alaric in jail over a previous unpaid account and damages to a taxi caused she pointed at Prince Jake, caused by you posing as robot FIDO! I have instructed Treasury to meet that bill as well! Lord Alaric arrived as a friend in need! He placed himself in the way of danger to help two morons! Finally, you she pointed at Jake again: You had an unpaid Internet account for $60,000! Thats the primary reason why you agreed to help my idiot brother! You only caught the train spotting bug yourself once you were in jail. As for my idiot brother, he agreed to pay off your bill in exchange for you acting as his bodyguard! All this on a train spotting trip to your home universe! Your huge Internet account bill was incurred because you were constantly playing an infantile internet computer game in which you took the part of the Wizard of the Solar System, Jake Zero! How perfect! You chose the name of the actual Elvish Prince in order to squander $60,000 on playing a stupid imaginary game! And my moron brother offered to settle your bill in exchange for some kind of useless service in which you would act as his look alike bodyguard! That bill has also been paid leaving a balance of zero!
She turned to the Prince. "Both of you two bumkins are now well and truly stuffed! The train spotting record is still there for the taking! One day, someone, somehow, someone will cop the lot But it wont be you and it will definitely will not be this human bum!
This has all occurred because of your incredibly violent temper! said the Prince calmly. You came bursting in before we left and forced yourself into the traveling party! In an attempt to protect you from danger I had only booked tickets for Jake and myself! I intended to make sure that the situation in Universe Zero was safe before exposing you to the trip.
Princess Cleopatra. Exposing me! How ridiculous! How would any one on earth have recognized me? I would have simply posed as a normal train spotter.
Well, posing as a normal human train spotter would not have been all that simple, said Jake, You do have rather noticeable ears. They are not at all common on Earth! 
Princess Cleopatra. Rubbish! I would have worn a scarf fastened with a tiara!
Prince Jake broke in: A scarf would hardly have saved you from that mad military man! You have caused all these problems through your own violent temper! In any case, the whole mess was engineered by you and your half witted friend the translation computer. It could not handle the computing parameters that you demanded. It went bonky and mixed us all up, with you in the controlling role of computer warder. What a shame you had to be a computer! Computer CLEO! Perfect! Bossy, temperamental and now the Earth Chess Champion! And your translation computer, a real computer, the translation computer sent out a distress call in jumbled up words that no one could understand! Typical! On top of everything else and your litany of errors you were absolutely raving angry at poor Jake! Simply because I had dubbed him a Knight! You apparently believe that all such appointments must be approved by yourself, Miss Superstar!
There was a tight silence.
Princess Cleopatra: Miss Superstar? Miss Superstar? Is that how you think of ME? I am always kind and thoughtful! I do not carry an ounce of pretension! I even put up with this disgraceful human being who you have made a Knight without real authority. You had no approval from the Oblong Table, nothing from father or mother and most importantly nothing from me! He is not a proper Knight! He is a nothing, a zilch! And how dare you address me as Miss Superstar! What a disgusting thing to say about your own wonderful caring sister! 
She burst into tears and stalked out of the room.
She left behind an uneasy silence.



Chapter 15

Jake returns to Earth


Well, Jake, said Prince Jake, recovering. Thats got rid of her! It appears you are now debt free so you can return to earth immediately. We will unfortunately have to abandon our plan to jointly cop the lot. But by using the time retarder we can put you back at the time and place you started from. You will arrive only a few hours of earth time after you left! Congratulations! Your internet debt has been paid and you are no longer under the thrall of your Internet provider!
I may no be out of thrall with them but I have not copped the lot! said Jake feverishly. Surely, you know how it feels! This gnawing hunger! To be the immortal lad who copped the lot. What about a proper Royal thanks? What about a portable time machine, a transmitting camera, a load of old banknotes and small change, a universal Shed Pass, a universal meal ticket valued at any station cafe and brand new spotters ABCs -- for all four British regions?
He thought for a moment and then rushed on.
And ABCs for all the other countries, going back as far as possible. That will set the absolute limit! Copping the lot from the first edition of every ABC to the final editions! And you do not have to be left out! As I cop the lot you can share the glory! You can give me a transmitter so I will send back videos as I get the cops. You will also cop the lot!
Also? said Prince Jake. I will also cop the lot? By watching videos! That is obviously cheating and I am the Prince! If anyone is to cop the lot it must be me, personally!
Alaric looked distressed.
Your Majesty! he said to the Prince. Jake is but a commoner! He has no knowledge of protocol. He should be sent back to Earth and left to his own devices.
Prince Jake appeared to meditate on this suggestion.
Finally he summoned two guards. Still holding his ABCs Jake was pinioned and carried into a robot driven vehicle which had appeared in a small bay abutting the room.
Prince Jake raised one hand in salute.
They vehicle whizzed off into what started as darkness but rapidly became a kaleidoscope of light and sound. After a few seconds of this display and a strong feeling that he wanted to be sick, Jake found himself getting out of the floating car.
He was back inside the Large Hadron Collidor tunnel in the Cerne Nuclear Facility. He recalled getting into a similar floating car before his wild adventure began. The robot vehicle vanished into the curve of the Accelerator tunnel.
There was a muffled explosion as it disappeared from Universe Zero. His form teacher, Mr Toothy Slack then appeared from an alcove. He was grinning from ear to ear, clearly demonstrating why he carried the knickname Toothy Slack.
Ah, there you are, Boyle! he said. He seemed immensely relieved. We have all been searching for you! I thought you had been kidnapped! Or swallowed by a mini black hole! Or that your Internet service company had located you and sent hoods to knock you off for non payment of your debt! Your body could have been stuffed somewhere in the tunnel or possibly used to generate experimental particles! I was actually about to phone your parents in Nepal and alert them to your disappearance! Not that I could have contacted them as on last report they were both two thirds of the way up K2, following an exciting new route. Anyway, you are back and I have news! An anonymous Jake Boyle benefactor has paid your internet debt in full! Summons withdrawn! You are free!
Free! Jake digested the news. He was free of his former huge internet debt, run up by his incessant game playing as The Wizard of the Solar System, Jake Zero! So that was how CLEO got his name mixed up. The computer had called him by his Internet gaming name! And the Princess was very angry with him for agreeing to go train spotting without her! She had caused the computer transfer foul up by insisting on traveling with them when they only had two tickets. And he was actually Jake Boyle not Jake Zero! She had mixed up his name while the translation computer became overloaded and mixed up everything else!
Jake had acquired peer group fame as the superstar game player Jake Zero. He had also, unfortunately, run up a massive bill on his game account.Elf Prince Jake was searching for a lookalike to form a decoy who would misdirect the human cops during his planned secret train spotting trip. And when he found his human decoy it got him into trouble. He found Jakes game name, and his huge debt. The finishing touch was the fact that the pair of them were perfect look-alikes, except for the ears. The original plan was for Jake to have fake ears which he could stick on if they were being pursued by Railway Police. This proved unnecessary since Prince Jake had been split into several parts by the machine in E Base and Jake had received his elvish ears. The fact that 1) he was a look alike for Prince Jake and 2) that he was under a cloud for non payment of debt  these were the facts that got him invited on a planned inter dimensional train spotting trip. It began in the accelerator tunnel of the Cerne Nuclear Centre and took him into the Throne room of the Elvish palace on E Base. There he had been invited to join the Elf Prince on a planned inter dimensional train spotting trip. Objective: cop the lot!
But the Princess knew his game name. She was constantly spying on everything her brother did. She got wind of the plot! Her raging fury when she burst into the Princes apartment was clear proof of her feelings. She wanted to cop the lot, first! The Princess had continued to use his game name to identify him when affairs became twisted up after the inter dimensional transit. Jake himself had finished up in prison, with the Princess as his computer jailer. Part of her brother had also been working for her as robot FIDO! The other scrambled up parts of Prince Jake were the three dwarves, stay at home robot Regent Ted and Jakes own ears! CLEO had called Jake, Prisoner 001, Jake Zero and accused him of being a criminal. His actual sin had been agreeing to go on a train spotting trip without her! The fact that her brother had been trying to protect her from danger had no value in her mind. By holding Jake prisoner and ordering FIDO about, the Princess had been able to wreak her revenge on both of them. It had, of course been a weak sort of revenge because computer CLEO had forgotten her real identity as Princess Cleopatra! When Jake had first arrived at E Base and went through the transfer machine withRegent Ted, the machine was unable to correctly reassemble Prince Jake. The reason: FIDO and the dwarves had not been present and they were vital parts of the Princes persona. Jakes first visit to E Base had lead to him being wrongly recognised as Prince Jake. Then the Earth military party had arrived accidently. After negotiating with the Princess and being offering a virtual Kings ransom of gifts and other forms of scientific assistance the Earth party along with the Princess and Jake (who the Princess believed to be her brother0...they had started back to Earth, The Princess had seized the chance to share a train spotting trip with her brother (who at the time she believed to be Jake.) But Colonel Viljoen had been badly affected by the reverse inter universe trip to Earth and had basically lost his marbles. The Princess had then got into another rage. She believed Colonel Viljoen had reneged on an agreement. Escaping from the Earth troops, she had programmed the transpoter but had again turned into computer CLEO. Her brother was still in his part persona as robot FIDO while Jake had returned to his usual role as Jake A Zero.) . The three dwarves took no part in the second visit to Earth. They had been busy drinking whiskey at E Base.
Jake had now resumed his actual identity as Jake Boyle. But was Jake Zero still wanted by the UFO Army?
He asked Toothy Slack.
Jake: Has there been any kind of search for Jake Zero? He has very large ears. Is there a massive reward for his capture?
Mr Slack: There was something on the radio about Jake Zero this morning. Some kind of silly UFO flap and a military outfit looking for aliens. They were supposed to be alien spies living under an oak tree in Chirnside Park! There was a huge sum offered for information leading to a capture. More wasted Government money! A totally moronic hunt for non existent aliens! The radio announcement happened a few hours ago!
A few hours! The time machine had worked correctly. He was back in reality a few hours after he had left! Weeks of action compressed into a few hours!
Toothy Slack continued: When that name was on the news I did think of your internet alias Jake Zero? I know you choose that to poke fun at the entire silly idea of aliens and all that rubbish!
Yes, all that rubbish, said Jake. He thought: The kind of rubbish that can get you imprisoned by an Elvish Princess who has turned into a computer.The kind of rubbish that gets your head festooned with massive ears, pursued by wizards and entire army divisions. The kind of rubbish that carries the definite possibility of being put in front of a firing squad. The kind of rubbish that leads to you to being mistaken for an alien Prince and half starved for days on end! 
But the important thing was he had his ears back.
And his massive internet debt had been paid, presumably by the elves Royal Mint. He was back to normal, the normal Jake Boyle.
He was free of debt and yet he was not free of a nasty compulsion which he had somehow picked up. A compulsion to cop the lot, to spot every named steam engine! To underline every namer in his ABC! An ABC which he still clutched in his hand. Once completed, with every namer underlined, it was an ABC which could be shown to cheering crowds of schoolboys! It would examined in detail by officials from Railway Magazine. They would marvel at his dedication and sheer talent. Pages of namers would be featured along with photographs and page by page notes giving details of every cop! And pictures of himself, sooty and disheveled but standing in a grand pose.
The lad who copped the lot!
But how? It was now 2012. The the bulk of his steam engine quarry had vanished many years ago! Hundreds of beautiful steam namers, wantonly destroyed in the name of progress! He could now only spot the mere handful which remained. A few weeks in Britain to cover all the preserved lines, a trip to the USA to cop Dwight D Eisenhower and a visit to Canada to cop Dominion of Canada. He could cop the remaining lot. But was it enough? What about the namers already sent to the breakers yards, cut with welding torches, smashed into raw metal, melted down to become consumer goods!
Copping the Lot meant seeing all the namers as they had been, complete and perfect, smelling of coal, smoke and steam, rolling past with grace and thunder, pulling immensely long trains Only that could slake his raging thirst!
And he now was trapped. Trapped in time! Even now the Princess was cooking up some new plan. Plotting to get herself back to earth with a time machine. To beat her brother and smash his puny human assistant! And the royal cow would be fully equipped! Special camping gear, food machines, portable loo, possibly even a robot maid to help with bathing, make up, etc. Several robots to keep records and make vids. More robots in case of need. The Princess would not want to spot in poverty! Only the best of super spotting for her! Finally she would cop the lot!
Which meant, of course, that she would be.
The girl who copped the lot!
What a horrible thought!
The girl who copped the lot!
Somehow that possibility must be averted. Jake realized his sacred duty. Fate had put him into the position of representing all boys on earth and elsewhere!
The person who copped the lot must be a boy! Somehow, he must get a time machine, a universal shed pass, a suitcase full of old money and a full set of spotters ABCs for every year back from 1968.
There must be a way!
Somehow, someway it must be done.
Could he find a time machine somewhere? An experimental model?
There was risk. In an experimental time machine he might finish up in a black hole. He might get crunched, fried, flash frozen or eaten by a giant worm!
Yet it was a risk he had to take!
He must get back to his computer! Get cracking.
1) Search for time machine projects.
2) Volunteer to be a test pilot.
3) Once the time machine jpb was secured he needed to get a load of old British currency.
4) Get back to 1968 and hide the machine in a secure place
5) Cop the lot for 1968! That would mean all four regions.
6) Retrieve the time machine and go back five years. Cop the revised lot.
7) Repeat until he arrived at the time where railways began!
8) Return to the present time and publish his results in Railway Magazine.
Finally,set up as a Private Eye. His continuing ownership of a time machine would make him the top Private Eye on the planet. He could actually go back to the scene of the crime, lurk around, find out who done it, go back to the future and make the arrest!
Jake was now sitting in his room at his Swiss hotel. He had been feverishly surfing the Internet, looking for time travel projects. Then his investigation was interrupted when a hotel employee knocked on the door and told him that he had to pack ready for his flight back to Australia. This message brought a flurry of activity from Jake. He had no intention of returning to Australia when he could make a start on his ambition. He could at least cop all the remaining steam namers in Britain. He rapidly filled a backpack, pushed his notebook computer into its special compartment and stuffed his passport, money, ABCs and other vital documents into his pockets. Jake left the hotel by climbing down the fire escape and getting a cab on the main road nearby. A few hours later he was in London. But getting to London undetected was only part of Jakes problem He needed somewhere to live while he commenced spotting all the remaining British namers. And he needed to hide from Col Viljorn and the UFA Group. He needed time , money and a rest, to recuperate. He could then work out how to get a time machine in order to complete his full mission. He suddenly had an idea. The second underground prison constructed by FIDO had been close to a Scottish railway station. MacBlaney. The underground prison was close to the station. It had been abandoned. It must be still there! It would contain food supplies and drinks. They were probably all bottled or tinned so they would still be OK. It all fitted. Jake had enough money to buy a rail ticket to MacBlaney from London. He could use his (fathers) credit card to buy an air ticket. The card had been provided strictly for emergencies but surely this was an emergency? He had not copped the lot. He must cop the lot. A definite triple red emergency!



Chapter 16

(a) Ready to rumble


Jakes investigation was interrupted when a hotel employee knocked on the door and told him that he had to pack ready for his flight back to Australia! This message brought a flurry of activity from Jake. He had no intention of returning to Australia when he could make a start on his ambition. He could at least cop all the remaining steam namers in Britain. He rapidly filled a backpack, pushed his notebook computer into its special compartment and stuffed his passport, money, ABCs and other vital documents into his pockets. Jake left the hotel by climbing down the fire escape and getting a cab on the main road nearby. A few hours later he was in London. But getting to London undetected was only part of Jakes problem He needed somewhere to live while he commenced spotting all the remaining British namers. In his spare time he could then work out how to get a time machine in order to complete his full mission. He suddenly had an idea. The second underground prison constructed by FIDO had been close to a Scottish railway station at MacBlaney. It was close to the station. It must be still there! It would contain food supplies and drinks. They were probably all bottled or tinned so they would still be OK. It all fitted. Jake had enough money to buy a ticket to MacBlaney. He used his credit card to buy an air ticket. The card had been provided strictly for emergencies but surely this was an emergency? He had not copped the lot. He must cop the lot. A definite emergency! So he used his card to get a seat on a flight to London. He took an electric train from Gatwick to Kings Cross. He purchased a packet of hot chips, a meat pie, a hot dog and a bottle of pop.
The pop was a poor substitue for Twisty Water but he had little choice.
A short time later he was dozing on a fast electric train which took him up the East Coast Main line at 125mph. Grantham, Doncaster,York,Newcastle.At Edinburgh he changed trains for a slow stopper to the Highlands. He was obliged to request a stop at MacBlaney. When he reached that remote station, high in the Scottish moors, he
stepped out onto the platform, shouldering his rucksack. He watched the train accelerate smoothly away. The sound faded leaving only the moaning voice of the wind. The train lights faded into the drkness of the moor. He had an eerie feeling as the past flashed into his mind. He shivered but then pulled himself together. He shouldered his backpack and started walking due south alongside the track. Despite keeping a sharp lookout, he almost missed the entrance to the second Underground Prison Complex.
He actually found the entrance when he stumbled onto a a large rock which stood near the entrance to the prison tunnel. The path was overgrown with thistles and blackberries. The steel door, rusting and forlorn in the semi darkness. gaped open! Eventually, Jake forced his way through the undergrowth and clambered down the rocky staircase inside. At last he felt safe from Colonel Viljoen and the UFO cops!Who would look for him in an unknown abandoned alien prison? The bottom steel door was also open, slowly rusting away. Jake fumbled in the darkness at the base of the rough and almost vertical shaft as he entered the prison. He scrabbled around unril he found a switch. He pressed it, reflecting on the fact that it might have been a good idea to buy matches and candles at Kings Cross..Then the lights came on! The Elvish power source was still working!
Jake remembered Alarics remark that Elvish technology was built to last. Apparently
that did not inclue rust proof doors but robot FIDO might have made an exact copy of the old doors, which had been stolen from a garage in Chirside Park.
Jake saw his bunk, It was exactly as it had been when he left. He dropped his backpack, moved over to the bunk and shook out the blankets. Perfectly usable! Alarics box of foodstuffs and drinks still sat on the table. Jake moved to the box and started rummaging. He found tins of beans, canned sausages and several bottles of Twisty Water! Moving to what had been FIDOs kitchen Jake was able to heat the food and serve a satisfying dinner. He was well set! He was not yet in 1982 but he could train spot on the line above, collect what came through and work on his time travel problem:
He turned out the lights before crawling into be and reviewing his future plans,.
He must get some English (or Scottish?) money. He must then:
travel to get all the remaining namers in Britain ,Canada and the USA.
Find a time travel project and volunteer
Get back t to 1952 and start copping the lot.
He snuggled down in the bunk..
His thoughts gradually composed themselves as he drifted off to sleep. He was then abruptly woken by the frightful sound and light effects of a materializing elvish taxi Prince Jake had arrived.

The cab vanished with a loud report and a brilliant flash of light, which faded slowly. Prince Jake appeared to have perfect night vision as he walked to the light switch and clicked on the lights.
Amazingly, Prince Jake was utterly remorseful! He sobbed as he knelt (yes, knelt) by Jakes bed and pleaded for forgiveness amd compassion!
He had treated Jake so badly! It was due to the stress of discovering that he had been in several parts and had needed reassembly! He had not been his normal gentle self!
But he now wished to atone! He would put things right!
He had got a time machine. They would cop the lot together. E Base and Eartg in a grand multiverse alliance!
Prince Jake humbly suggested they should spot LNER in 1952. They would jointly cop the lot (spot all the LNER namers.)
They both moved to the table to parley.
Jake agreed with this  but merely as a starting plan.
He had his own mind boggling agenda!
After they jointly copped all the LNER namers for 1952 Prince Jake would go back to E Base as an alien spotting immortal.
Jake would then inherit the time machine. He would continue spotting.
He would cop every region and every year since railways began!
Then, after publishing his results in Railway Magazine he would travel to each country and cop the lot for all time! For ever. And ever!
Prince Jake agreed that it was an awesome plan and wished he could continue spotting for a few hundred years to jointly hold the recordbut affairs of state made that imposssible.
Jake dressed.
They then split up their belongings. Prince Jake said he normally had a royal assistant who would carry his purse . He asked Jake to carry the Royal Dosh. It was an ornate monogrammed purse crammed with note. Jake counted five thousand pounds in hundreds,fifties and tens.
The Royal Dosh wallet went into Jakes pocket.
Jake packed a rucksack with provisons using the supplies brought in by Alaric..
Finally, Jake turned off the light and they climbed up the rough staircase.
Jake left the former Underground Prison.
For the second time.
They walked trackside to McBlaney station, crunching through the loose gravel.
It was now very early in the morning, around 2am.
The outlying moors were dark and eerie, with wisps of fog.
An owl hooted in the distance.
The railway appeared deserted, with only a signal light shining some distance up the line and McBlaney station dimly lit above.
They walked through a damp, dark tunnel to reach a weathered staircase leading up to the platform. The staircase featured only one electric bulb while the station are was equally morbid. It was dimly lit by three 40 watt electric lamps...
The platform was windy, deserted and extremely bleak. In the gloom little detail could be seen. Then a stifled cough caught Jakes attention . The figure of a man wearing a kilt and a deerstalker hat. He was slumped on a platform seat, muffled inside an overcoat and apparently asleep..
Since the time machine is only programmed to project two people, said Prince Jake quietly, It will not affect that guy waitng for a train.
He unpacked the time machine from its case. Several dials shone brightly. Prince Jake and Jake now stood in a pool of green light cast by the machine.
The figure on the seat was also illuminated by the light. He did not appear to notice.
Prince Jake adjusted a knob to show 1952.
There was a flash and a loud report.

The wreckers were romping, outside the sill,
And a blue cheek robin sat perfectly still,
Questioning the stress, as meaningless,
And the grass and the worm and the coffin below,
Set by the clockworm and all runnng slow,
The wreckers were spending their time again,
On the semi asphalt inside the rain,
Dewdrips gather in early Spring,
And hope to hear the parrots still sing,
The wreckers are feeling their oats agin,
And the corn grows oldin rainbows arch,
Skylarks flew in closeshorn ranks.
Forever would the rabbits march,
The wreckers are reeking and smoking pain,
The sun goes down and endless rain,
Pouting down to change the scene,
On the poor land where the wreckers have been
For once he was a cloclworm man,
With a spring inside his head,Which never did a minute miss,
Till the clockworm man was dead,Dead a dust, Twice as just,
His manespring came uncoiled,
And only minutes somewhere else,
Could tell you how he toiled and toiled


PeterMagycon, Melbourne, Australia
Continued in Jame X (3) Coin-In_the-Slot Spaceship Captain
