THOMAS KINDERCOOK
AND THE PINK PYJAMAS
By Gerald Feather
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this book.  You are welcome to share, reproduce, copy and distribute it for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form.  
Thank you for your support.

Table of Contents
PROLOGUE
Chapter One:  SAMMUEL KINDERCOOK
Chapter Two:  THE BOOK
Chapter Three: ENDLESS NIGHT
Chapter Four:  GATSBY
Chapter Five:  VICTOR
Chapter Six:  SILENT MISTS
Chapter Seven:  EARLY MORNING VISITOR
Chapter Eight:  ALANNA
Chapter Nine:  ESCAPE
Chapter Ten:  AGREEMENT
Chapter Eleven:  LAYING IN WAIT
Chapter Twelve:  SURVIVING ETIQUETTE
Chapter Thirteen:  BATTLE ON THE BREEZE
Chapter Fourteen:  THOMAS AND THE KING
Chapter Fifteen:  CONDITIONS
Chapter Sixteen:  ALANNA'S ROOM
Chapter Seventeen:  INK AND NIBS
Chapter Eighteen:  PAGES
Chapter Nineteen:  TRAPPED
Chapter Twenty:  HOMECOMING
Chapter Twenty-one:  REVELATIONS
Chapter Twenty-two:  SHADOW ON THE ROCKS
Chapter Twenty-three:  THE SEER
Chapter Twenty-four:  BETRAYAL
Chapter Twenty-five:  VISIONS
Chapter Twenty-six:  UNWELCOME WELCOME
Chapter Twenty-seven:  BATTLE OF THE CLOWNS
Chapter Twenty-eight:  SEETHING RED
Chapter Twenty-nine:  BIRTHDAY
Chapter Thirty:  COTTON CANDY, CAKE AND KISSES
Chapter Thirty-one:  SHADOWS, SLINKS AND STORM DRAGONS
Chapter Thirty-two:  AND THE PINK PYJAMAS
Chapter Thirty-three:  LEFT IN THE COLD
Chapter Thirty-four:  MRS INK
Chapter Thirty-five:  THE CAPTURED AND THE KINDERCOOKS
Chapter Thirty-six:  IN THE SPIRIT OF THE SEASON
Chapter Thirty-seven:  JUDY
Chapter Thirty-eight:  FORCES GATHER
Chapter Thirty-nine:  BATTLE
Chapter Forty:  SEALED
Chapter Forty-one:  RETURN

I would like to express my sincere thanks and appreciation to my mother, who went over the book and provided a wealth of insight and to friends Joanna and Jennifer for the same. To my wife, I would like to express my undying love and admiration for putting up with the multitude of papers and notes, for taking care of me through hard times, but most of all for being the one that keeps me going.
This book is dedicated to my daughter Ariel, who spent countless hours walking to school through the rain listening to me babble on about characters and plot, and provided me with endless feedback and support. You are an amazing and creative person. All my love and thanks.
Dad.
PROLOGUE

The screams of death had all died down, but the clouds of billowing acrid smoke continued to rise from the once beautiful city of Valencia. The wind whipped at the highest peaks of Skyloft Mountain, threatening to blow the Auroral Citadel clean off the grassy plateau of the highest knoll. Despite the harsh winds, the sun shone brightly over the silvery shining fortress, reflecting light into the valley below.
Rivulets of red crisscrossed down the intricate carvings on the door of the king's chamber. Eiden Hawthorn leaned heavily against the frame, fighting to keep himself upright. He was wounded, mortally, and he knew there was not much time left.
The Elementals of the PitchGoth Void had made their final assault, and Valencia had managed to stand against the harrowing attack. The toll in lives had been far greater than any of the dragon nations had anticipated. Many leaders had fallen. Most of the outer lying cities had been thrown into chaos, but at the very least, the land was safe from the Elemental's wrath, for now.
The blood pooled at the bottom of the door. Eiden coughed, fighting off a wave of fatigue. There was one task left to do. It would require all the strength he had left. He could only hope it was enough before he succumbed to his wounds. Eiden was the fifth son in the house of Hawthorn, and as such, had been blessed with the gift of sight. The Elementals had been stopped, but they would come once more. Eiden had foreseen a battle the likes of which dwarfed the epic battle of his beloved Valencia. It would take place many years after his passing, and by then, most of what he held dear would be lost. The new king would need to restore the realm, and in order to do that, he would need the power of the house of Hawthorn on his side.
It took most of Eiden's strength to wobble over to where the nightstand sat. He reached up and removed the ancient crown from his head, and placed it with care beside the tiara of his long lost Graceline. Being careful not to bleed onto the nightstand, something that Graceline would never forgive him for, Eiden lifted the glass up and placed it over the crown and tiara. He lingered only a moment, letting the satisfaction of knowledge that he had a small part in the survival of the future sink in before turning to seal the room. The king's chamber would remain untouched until the next King of Valencia came to revive the land. The door slid shut behind him for the last time as he exited the room where he had slept for nearly twenty-five thousand years. A long and full life, by dragon standards. Slumping to the floor, Eiden began his last spell, and offered up a prayer to the next king. May the next ruler of Valencia fare better against the Elementals than I have.
CHAPTER 1
SAMMUEL KINDERCOOK
Derelict. Decrepit. There were lots of words to describe the house Thomas Kindercook lived at. It was, beyond a shadow of a doubt, the oldest house on the lane. The ramshackle building, which had been added on to many times over, was now standing on its last legs. The walls leaned here, bowed there, and many of the rooms still sported turn of the century (not this century) wall paper which was losing its battle to stay adhered to the ancient boards. If you were to brave going up to the attic, you would immediately notice the rhombic quality of the room. The walls at one point in history, may have been squared off, and the rooms, possibly, could have been various combinations of squares and rectangular cubes, but now they all had a nice shift, twist and skew to them. 
This house, was his grandfather's house. It was the house where his grandfather had grown up. Thomas' own father had grown up here as well, and had planned to fix it up, and raise him here. At least that is what Grandpa Kindercook had told Thomas. Thomas' mother and father had been killed in a car accident when Thomas was scarcely more than a year old. Ever since, he had lived with his Grandfather.
Thomas was lying on the floor of the upstairs common area lazily staring at a spider who was indecisively making its way across the old wooden boards. Outside a large flash of light accompanied by the booming growl of thunder berated the house. The house just ignored the weather as it had for the last 150 years or so. It shifted, groaned and bumped in the wind, but that was about all. It was a Saturday evening late in November, and the weather was anything but inviting for a 14 year old boy who had nothing to do. Despite the wind and cold of winter, the only thing that came down from the sky was icy rain, which made for miserable conditions to do outdoor activities. The derelict old house was in a more rural area just outside of town, and lacked many of the city amenities. Water was still drawn from a well here, and cable television hadn't found its way out to their area. Power outages too lasted longer, as rural outages fell a lot lower on the city's priority list. So it was that Thomas found himself on the floor with nothing to do as the power had gone out hours before leaving no hope that Thomas would find a bit of excitement this weekend.
Laying on the floor looking every bit as hopeless, was a book that looked as old as the house it belonged to. Thomas shoved the end of a pencil under it, and flipped the book up onto the couch just as his grandfather came in. Grandpa Kindercook paused and sighed, Old books are like old people. You need to show them a little respect. 
Thomas wasn't sure if this was really the kind of book you show respect to. It looked more like the kind of book you would see in a museum. You would pick it up and look at the fancy lettering, and let it transport you to a time long before computers and movies, or anything else remotely interesting. Then, upon reading a word or two, you would lose interest, put it back, and never lay eyes on it again.
You know what this reminds me of Thomas? Mr Kindercook latched on to the corner of the couch with his gnarled fingers, slowly lowering his body to the waiting cushions below. His bones creaked, clicked and clacked as if they were a part of the house moaning and creaking in the storm that was raging outside. He finally managed to get his body low enough to release his weight, safely plopping down on to the soft surface below, and letting out a big, AHHH in the process.
Thomas waited expectantly as his grandfather made himself comfortable.This night reminds me of another night long ago, where another boy sat here pouring over this very book. Mr Kindercook slowly moved his hand over to the book that Thomas had just flicked up onto the couch. His skin as dry as the book he held, the sound of his hand running along the cover reminded Thomas of the sound of cardboard being slowly cut by a knife.
Thomas refrained from stating his true opinion of the book. It made excellent flicking material, but little else.
With a careful movement, Mr Kindercook lifted the book and adjusted the glasses on his head. Ah yes. This was his favourite book. A sad smile crossed his face. He took a few moments to collect his thoughts. Thomas waited patiently. This was normal procedure before the onset of one of his grandfather's stories. Do you know WHOSE book this is Thomas?
Thomas shook his head.
This book, was the favourite book, of my brother Sammuel. Mr Kindercook paused and opened it up with the loving care one would show for their most prized possession.
It was here when my parents moved into this house many years ago. It was Sammuel who found it while exploring the dark old corners of the attic. It's rare to find a book that is entirely hand written and bound. As a young boy however, I had little more than a passing interest in books as it was, and this book was a hand written, barely legible book of riddles. Not the sort of thing that I was interested in. Sammuel was the more academic of the two of us, the uniqueness of it intrigued him, and he took to carrying it around, trying to make out the flowing text, and crack the riddles that lay within. Thomas' grandfather's expression grew far away. He drew a deep breath and let it out in a heavy sigh. It was on a night like this that my brother came to me to tell me about an 'exciting discovery' that he had made. I was too busy playing with my friends to pay any attention to what he had to say, and I shooed him away. That night, Grandpa Kindercook paused, my brother disappeared.
Grandpa Kindercook closed the ancient text and sighed again wistfully. The police blamed his disappearance on a vagabond that had been sighted hanging about town. There was a string of disappearances back then. But I never believed that. I knew that it had something to do with what he had found in this book. I spent a long time looking over it, trying to figure out what it was that he might have discovered. With a look of distaste on his face, Thomas' grandfather stared down his nose, through the thick rimmed glasses, at the spine of the book. I never did however. Passing his hand gently over the cover Grandpa Kindercook grew quiet, and it was hard for Thomas to make out what it was he was saying. The words in this book still make as little sense to me today as they did when I first read them. With that, Thomas' grandfather fell into a contemplative silence.
Thomas had sat quietly through the story of his great uncle's disappearance. He had known about the abduction, but this was the first time he had heard about the book. He knew old people liked to make stories a little more colourful sometimes. Bend the truth here, tailor a fact there in order to make a rather sad story into something more mystical. The look on his grandfather's face was so earnest, distant and sad however that Thomas found he was getting more and more curious about the book he had been flinging around. A book that stole away his grandfather's brother. Could something like that actually exist?
The wind outside gave a tremendous shove at the old beams resulting in the building groaning. This seemed to snap his grandfather out of his reverie. Well Thomas. It's about time you got ready for bed young man!
Thomas grimaced. The tale of the disappearance of his grandpa's brother had made him a little nervous. With the power out and the wind pushing the house around, this house wasn't just old and creepy anymore. It was super old and creepy!
Grabbing a candle from the mantle above the fireplace, Thomas made the ominous trip up the stairs from the warmth and security of the fire and his grandfather's company, to the dark, musty, cold attic where his lumpy mattress awaited. The only comfort Thomas took in retreating to the dark recesses of the top floor, was that it put distance between him and that book. Not that Grandpa Kindercook's story had scared him or anything. Thomas simply felt there was something off about that book.
As Thomas climbed the stairs, he couldn't shake the feeling that the book was watching him. Thomas clutched his head and grunted, trying to drive the feeling away. He needed to get ready for bed.
The bathroom was exactly what you would expect of a house that was more than 150 years old. Little in the way of innovations. The only good thing in the strange smelling room was the extra large cast iron tub. Sometimes, the thought of the colossally heavy iron tub, sitting full of water on these old planks made him nervous, but the benefits of being able to bathe in a tub large enough to swim in outweighed the risks of falling through the ceiling. No power also meant no water as the pump that ran the well, fed off the house's electricity. Thomas finished up brushing his teeth, a grim task without working water, and was ready for bed. As he climbed up on to the bed, his mind wandered to the story about his great uncle and the book. Curiosity started to gnaw at him like a mouse at cheese. Curiosity and a fourteen-year-old are seldom a good mix. Could it really be true that there was a link between that book and his great uncle's disappearance? It seemed unlikely. His grandfather would have figured it out long ago if that were the case, and surely the police would have made the connection. Or would they? They were convinced it was the work of a known serial abductor who was kidnapping boys around the time of his disappearance. They probably wouldn't have bothered themselves with even checking about a book in that day and age.
Thomas tossed and turned. The house shook and groaned. At times the wind seemed to be trying to tell him something... But what? Finally Thomas had enough. He quietly got up and crept down the stairs, being very careful not to make too much noise. Not that it would matter much. His grandfather's hearing wasn't that good to begin with. It would take a fair bit to wake him up. He wasn't sure what time it was, but he was sure it was late as the fire in the fireplace was down to embers only, and there were no signs of his grandfather.
On the table in front of the fireplace, rested the book. Oh good, grandfather hadn't taken it to bed. He had half worried after the reminiscing earlier on in the evening, that his grandfather would carry the book off to some forgotten shelf in the house and he would never see it again. Thomas reached the table, picked up the book and flipped it over. The light was dim, so it wasn't easy to make out anything by the dying embers in the fire. He would have to take it upstairs to look at it. The house was old and the power frequently went out. As a result, Thomas kept a flashlight around as well as a fairly large stockpile of batteries. His grandfather had expected that he would use these to do reading and homework in such cases. Well... at least he was partially right. He was going to read and study, but the subject of his work would be something not taught in school.
Thomas returned to his bed, plunked down the book and got out his flashlight. There was something eerie about reading by flashlight in an old creaky house in the middle of a storm. 
The book lay on the bed expectantly and Thomas was quick to oblige.
CHAPTER 2
THE BOOK
A hand bound, hand written book of mystery. Thomas whispered to himself. He carefully opened up the book to the first page. No publishing year. Well that made sense. This was hand written, not published. He flipped the first couple of blank yellowed pages and came to the first page of text without a title.

In this book the secrets lie,
of tales grown old and time gone by,
If it is escape you seek,
Dally here a day, a week,
Careful follow the rules apply,
Follow them not and you may .

The words simply stopped at this point. That was strange. There was little mystery about the next word in that last sentence. It was as if the book was asking the reader to say it. The wind outside howled. Thomas shivered and decided that it was a word best left unsaid. Without giving it too much thought, Thomas flipped over to the next page.
The rest of the book seemed to follow suit. A series of riddles , each one ending with a missing word. Curious. It seemed the words were purposely left out. 
Thomas began to read the first entry. It was titled: 
Riddle of the Pink Pyjamas
The writing was hard to make out. Not really messy as much as overly flowing. It seemed archaic in some respects. So heavily accented that it was hard to make out what letters the hand flowered symbols were supposed to represent. After much muddling, Thomas deciphered:

Through the misty grasp of the unknown plane,
Where darkness comes and light does wane,
Travelling there through time and space,
Fit on your garments of pink and lace,
Should you forget the ring of silver and gold,
Engraved with things both new and old,
Without it on you can't go there,
Forever barred from the dragon's lair,
There you go where things stand still,
to get a key for this lock to fill,
go quickly now for under floor,
lies the key to opening this .

Thomas paused again. This also seemed quite clear to him. Door. Simple enough. Okay... so what? His brow furrowed as he read the poem over again. Two riddles that seemed to have no bearing on anything at all. It was as if they had been plucked out of a fairytale book at random. Certainly there was no correlation between the riddles in the book and the house. Still it bothered him... why would the author of the book leave out the last word in each riddle? Thomas got an idea. He jumped up and recited the riddle out loud, ending with the missing word 'door.' With his fist raised to the sky and a triumphant look on his face, he stood there in the dead of night, in the dead of winter, and all was quiet as the dead.
Nothing happened.
This brought back unpleasant memories of the time he got so engrossed in a book, The Wizard of Waring Lane That he started to recite it out loud in the drama classroom at his school, during lunch. No one was there, and he had gotten quite into the part of the hero. When the story was reaching the climax, and the hero was shouting, I will save thee fair maiden! Thomas had raised his fist in the air, and used a voice quite deep and impressive, with layers of emphatic vibrato to recite the text. Emily, easily the most beautiful girl in grade 8 had wandered into the room unannounced. When Thomas had heard the giggle behind him, he turned three shades of crimson and quickly excused himself from the drama room, never again to return.
But he was alone here. The only person who could overhear him was his grandfather. Honestly though, the chances of that were slim to nil.
Alright, so the book puzzle wasn't an oral thing. Holding the book and saying the word 'door' didn't seem to do much either. Thomas yawned. It was definitely getting late and he was getting quite tired. If not for the riddle of the book, he would have passed out long ago. Thomas' eyebrows tightened into a knot. There must have been a reason why the author had left out words. Always the last word in the verse. Thomas drew a sketchbook out of his pack and started to write out the poem that he had just read. He fiddled with the letters, trying to copy the style of the text in the book. He had once heard his history teacher talk of similarly styled religious texts as as 'Illuminated Texts'. The amount of time it would have taken to 'illuminate' this book seemed like overkill to Thomas. He could only guess that, without television or computers, people had very little to do, and thus wasted time doing things like this. Still... there was a unique character to the letters that made the book all the more intriguing.
Taking his best felt tipped fine liner out of his pack, and carefully sketching the missing word onto the page of the ancient book, Thomas silently hoped his grandfather wouldn't kill him when he found out that he had defaced his brother's book. It took longer than one would expect to print the word 'door' onto the page, but the 'd's' in this book were heavily decorated. As he finished, something odd happened. The word seemed to sink into the page and disappear. Thomas jumped back from the book with a jolt. There was a crack of thunder, a flash of light and the walls started to rumble. 
Thomas sat perfectly still for a second to allow his senses to confirm what he was feeling. He had never been in an earthquake before, but he believed he was experiencing his first now.
Cracks started to appear in the wall in front of his bed and the boards seemed to be pulling apart. What were you supposed to do in an earthquake? It seemed to him that they had gone over this in school, but his mind was a blank. Thomas was too stunned to know whether to run screaming and hide, or just close his eyes really tight. He decided to do the latter. After what seemed an eternity of rumbling, all the noises seemed to die off. Even the wind seemed to have calmed down. Thomas slowly opened his eyes, scared to look at where the wall had appeared to be disintegrating before him. What he saw made him gasp. There, where the wall once was, a large door stood. It looked out of place even in his grandfather's old house. The door was much larger than normal doors, and had the look of centuries of wear to it. It didn't take long for Thomas' feeling of fear to melt away into pure curiosity. Suddenly, the theory his grandfather had told him of his great uncle's disappearance, was looking more plausible.
Thomas hopped down from the bed. Had his grandfather heard that? Even with his poor hearing, it seemed impossible that he could have slept through all the rumbling. He waited a few seconds, but there seemed to be no other sounds coming from the house. Actually there seemed to be no sound coming from anywhere inside or out. That was strange. Everything was deathly still. Thomas crept slowly and carefully toward the old door. It was amazing. It had the look of old sturdy wood that had been hand carved. Something of indeterminable age. There was no turning back now. As surely as the book had beckoned him, the door was luring him now. Slowly, he grasped the handle, and turned it until it gave a low and distant clunk as if something were shifting into place. He pulled the door toward him and peeked into the darkness. Darkness may not have even been the right term. Beyond the door was entirely devoid of light. He couldn't make anything out at all. Usually his eyes were quite sharp, and he could pick out hints of details here and there from the ambient light that bounced through windows and off walls, but as he stared beyond the doorway, it was as if the area beyond sucked the light out of existence. Thomas felt the first pang of apprehension. Should he really go in? Or should he go back to bed, close his eyes, click his heels together three times, and hope he woke up in the morning to discover it was all a dream. As with most people Thomas' age, curiosity won the battle over caution. Then he remembered the flashlight on the bed. Thomas had to shake it a few times to get it to stay on. Even with new batteries, the thing seemed to blink in and out. He aimed the blinking flashlight toward the doorway and peered inside. It felt like the space beyond was sucking the light right out of the flashlight, dampening it somehow. Of course, that was impossible, thought Thomas. Then, everything seemed to start to come into focus at once, as if the interior beyond the door was only now just deciding on what was supposed to lay beyond. At first it looked like a swirl of dark twisted wood, but then it settled into the interior of a closet.
Somehow this seemed anti-climactic to Thomas. An old closet didn't seem to fit too well with everything else that had happened. Thomas looked at the closet closely. There really wasn't anything in it. A lot of ancient dust and a terribly musty smell, but that was about it. He was about ready to close the closet again when a slight glint caught his eye. There was something a little odd about the floor. He got down to take a closer look. A faint line ran across the bottom of the closet. When he looked even closer, he could make out a square that seemed to have been cut into the floorboards. To Thomas this had Trap Door written all over it.Thomas ran his fingers along the crack of the hatch. Completely smooth. He needed something to pry this open. He leaped up and ran downstairs. The house was still very quiet. He didn't even hear his grandfather snoring. Usually he was louder than a freight train going over an elevated bridge. He ran into the kitchen to grab an old fashioned butter knife. He hoped that this was enough to pry it open. Quickly as he could, he ran back to the room hoping the door was still there. He had the overwhelming feeling that the moment he left it alone, it would disappear. He was also hoping he wasn't losing his sanity. Life was difficult enough already without having to second guess your eyes.
Thomas quickly returned to the hatch and began to pry at the floor. This turned out not to be as hard as he thought it might. The door seemed to want him to open it, he just knew it. Once he managed to find a gap large enough to slip the knife into, he merely twisted the handle a little to apply pressure as he pulled upward. The hatch popped up as surely as if the knife were the key made for this task. Slipping his fingers under the small gap, Thomas pulled it open the rest of the way. It was still too dark to see anything properly. He groped around to find where he had put the flashlight, grabbed it, and started to fiddle with the on / off switch. The flashlight was already on, but appeared to be dead. Rather than waste time looking for the batteries in his pack, He felt around in the hole. Normally, this was not the sort of thing that he enjoyed doing. The thought of centuries of creepy crawly things living in dark places like this made Thomas feel very tentative about rooting around blindly. Inside there appeared to be a box of some type. He pulled it out of the hole quickly and walked over closer to the window. The night sky had cleared and the storm had disappeared. By the moonlight, he could make out the street below. The trees stood unmoving. Not a hint of a winter breeze disturbed anything. Everything seemed so surreal he couldn't help but wonder if he was dreaming. However, no dream had ever been this realistic before. 
The box was rather plain, made of old wood, and had no markings. Set in the top, there was a single dull looking metal loop. Thomas pulled the loop up, and the top of the box swung open. What was inside, was as confusing as everything else had been so far. There, in the bottom of the box, sat a neatly folded set of pink clothes. No dust, not even the musty smell you might expect from something that had been packed away for a period of time. Thomas sighed. His adventure into the unknown was about to end in yielding him some ancient pink clothing. Thomas lifted the soft, lace fringed garments into the moonlight and they unfolded themselves as he did.
Pink lace pyjamas. Thomas sighed. What could be less exciting than pink lace sleeping garments. It seemed strange that someone would go to the trouble of hiding the sleep wear in a box, under the floor of a closet that was behind a hidden door. He was about to put them back in the box when something in the bottom came into the light. There were two more small boxes in the bottom of the larger box.
Thomas picked one of the boxes up and carefully opened it. Inside was a shiny golden ring inlaid with decorative silver designs. He took it out and held it up to the moonlight to examine it. The ring was heavy and cold. The surface was carved in intricate lettering similar to that of the book. The only difference was the lettering wasn't in any language that Thomas recognized.
A gold ring was sort of a neat thing to find. Maybe the night wasn't a complete loss after all. He checked the other box to find another ring that was identical to the one he was holding. Thomas decided to leave this one where it was and keep the other. If he lost one, at least he would have another one to replace it. 
It had been a very long night. Thomas had no idea how he was going to explain to his grandfather about the new door in his room but exhaustion was setting in, and he needed sleep before he thought about anything else. 
Thomas lay down, and quickly drifted off to sleep.
CHAPTER 3
ENDLESS NIGHT
Thomas' dreams were filled with hidden monsters pursuing him across an endless void. He yelled at the faceless demons, but his voice was swallowed by the overwhelming darkness. When Thomas finally awoke, his sleep had been anything but restful.
Groggily he opened one eye and then the other. It was still dark out. He had thought he had been asleep forever, but apparently it wasn't even morning yet. Sighing, he glanced over to where the door still stood in the once blank wall of his bedroom. Maybe he really was going insane.
He jumped off the bed and walked in a daze downstairs to the living room. His grandfather really had few modern amenities. An old black and white television set with rabbit ears sat on top of an old beat up steamer trunk. Rabbit ears were those metal rods that stuck out of the top of old television sets, which, like radios, picked up signals out of the air. The image was often grainy, and the picture would roll up the screen with large black bars if the signal wasn't strong enough. They were able to get exactly 2 channels on it and were lucky if those came in, in a watchable state. This was one of the few areas that still had broadcasting towers that were sending out television signals. The age of modern recordings had passed them by. No shelves with VHS tapes or DVD's. No gaming consoles or stereos. There was an old Victorola that stood in one of the corners of the living room, and while Thomas found the hand cranking music machine fascinating, it could only hold his attention for so long. It could be that his grandfather thought the absence of modern technology was somehow supposed to enrich his life, but more likely he was simply stuck in his own era. Nearly everything these days was digital.
Thomas walked over to the television set and flicked it on. Nothing happened. He groaned as he remembered that the power had gone off the night before. This was turning out to be a wonderful weekend.
Getting up from the couch, and being careful not to run into anything in the dark, Thomas walked over to the kitchen. A prevailing darkness, broken only by scattered moonbeams filtering through the branches of the evergreen trees outside, was complimented by a silence so total, the only noise Thomas could discern was his blood pulsing through his veins. It was starting to grind on his nerves. Something just simply didn't seem right. It had been like this for far too long. Yes, it was winter, but even so, it seemed like it had been an eternity since the sun was out. Another thing that bothered him was the power outage. Their house sat at the top of a hill on a drive that overlooked the distant city. Not a light twinkled across the valley that normally glowed with city life. The power seemed to be out everywhere. He had never seen that happen before. When was the last time he had heard the humming from the old lighting, and the whirr of the 1950's fridge? Panic was taking over. The wall of denial was starting to break down. It wasn't just the storm that had stopped, but everything. Even the old house, which had a bit of a life of its own was deathly still. Usually the doors would gently shake as the pressure in the house changed, which made it seem as if someone were rattling them. Floors would creak on their own, but at the moment, the house was entirely quiet. Not a single noise.
Thomas was being deafened by the sound of his ever increasing blood pressure. Before lingering fear gave way to complete panic, he decided that it would be a great idea to wake his grandfather up.
The door to his grandfather's room was never closed. His grandfather slept with it ajar so he could keep an ear open for trouble. Trouble would, of course, have to come right up to him and scream in his ear if it was going to get his attention when he was asleep.
Thomas crept into his grandfather's room, conscious of how loud his steps seemed to be in the dead of night. The moonlight played through the window and painted the normally bland grey walls, a cool yellow. It washed over the floor and bathed the empty bed of Grandpa Kindercook.
Thomas' face went completely pale. How was this possible? His grandfather would never leave him alone in the house. He was conscious of the fact that his breathing was becoming erratic. The room was spinning. This was bad.
Thomas screamed out, Grandpa!
Silence.
Grandpa! Where are you?
Silence.
Thomas backed out of the room, slowly at first, then broke into a sprint. Room by room Thomas tore through the house looking for his missing grandfather. He knew somehow he wasn't going to find him. The disappearance of his great uncle was tickling the back of his consciousness. Thomas finally tore out of the front door of the house.
Help! Someone help!
The road was barren. The moonlight danced off the houses and parked cars, but there was no sign of life anywhere. Even stranger was the weather. This was the middle of the winter, yet it wasn't cold at all. Thomas needed to think. He walked back to the house, back to his room, and sat on the bed. He sat there for what must have been hours, holding his knees to his chest. Ever since he had read that riddle, and found that chest, nothing had seemed right. The storm had ended the moment that he had written in that book.
Shaking his head, Thomas picked up the book that lay at his feet. He had been in shock, and hadn't touched the thing since writing in it had torn open a doorway in his room. The ancient text no longer seemed to promise a great adventure. Instead, it seemed to be taunting him with disaster. He took a deep breath and opened it again. Thomas began to flip through the pages, more and more frantically. The pages were blank! No wait! In the place where he had read the poem of the pink pyjamas there was something new written. What was going on?

What you have started,
Must be done,
Get started on this,
for time to run.

Put on the clothes of pink and lace,
Take what you need,
The puzzle starts, that you must face,
Be careful what you read.

Stuck between here and there
waiting for a ride,
A hole in time you will tear,
sleeping to get inside.

Thomas stared at the words. That was it. That was all that was written in the entire book now. Oddly there were no missing words this time. It read more like a set of instructions. Thomas puzzled it out a little. There seemed to be little room for misinterpretation this time. Don the pink pyjamas, laced in silk and set off on an adventure by slumbering. Were this not happening to him, Thomas may have laughed.
Naps and frilly pink girl's pyjamas. Somehow Thomas couldn't remember anything like this ever happening to Indiana Jones. What should he take with him? Better yet, where was he going? He hoped it was just to kick things back to normal, although, he wasn't looking forward to his grandfather waking him up while he wore these pyjamas. He was sure that would raise a few questions as well as eyebrows. As if the extra door wasn't going to be hard enough to explain. Whatever it was that would happen, it was better to be prepared. Thomas wandered downstairs and packed a few essentials into his school pack. Some soda, chips, a knife, spoon and a fork. He packed a little bit of this, and a bit of that. Some of this, a lot of that. By the end of an hour, his pack was so stuffed with odds and ends it would barely close.
Thomas sighed. He hoped this would hold him through whatever it was that lay ahead, but who could say. When he got back to the room, he stood in the doorway staring at the pink pyjamas, which lay neatly folded on the foot of the bed. Thomas felt a little foolish putting them on, but what else was he to do? If anyone caught him like this, he didn't know if he would ever be able to live it down. Though he had to admit that the material was far softer than anything he had worn before. He tucked the book into the back of the pink pyjamas. He wanted to keep it as close as humanly possible, as it was probably the only key to get out of the situation he was finding himself in. He suddenly thought about the rings that had been in the box with the clothes. It had sounded like they were important.
Grandpa Kindercook and the rest of the world had gone missing. Thomas decided that he must have somehow stepped outside of time. Somehow he was alone in this version of the world, where nothing seemed to change. Night would be night forever. He wanted to be able to tell his grandfather where he was, but didn't know how he was going to do that. Thomas decided he would try to leave a note behind with a ring. At least then his grandpa wouldn't worry as much. At least, Thomas hoped he wouldn't. Perhaps someone else could figure out a way to rescue him if all else failed. Fat chance of that.
Thomas finished his note to his grandfather and left one of the rings on it. He took the other, slipped it on, strapped the pack over his new pyjamas, and went to bed. Thomas had never tried to sleep with a backpack on before. It was every bit as awkward as you might imagine. He found that he had to roll to one side, and if he had to change sides, he had to roll across his stomach, rather than his back.
It didn't come easily, and no one could say how long Thomas tossed and turned restlessly in this timeless world, but eventually he slipped off back into darkness.
CHAPTER 4
GATSBY
Thomas was having the most splendid dream. He was lying on a beach towel, under the shade of a giant palm tree, in Hawaii. The beach before him was endless. It stretched out for miles in both directions, lined by vibrant green palm trees and people basking in the late evening sun. A warm tropical breeze gusted through his hair, and the wind smelled of... of... a dentist's office. That didn't seem right. Tropical beach, beautiful sun bathers, warm breeze, dentists office...Suddenly Thomas opened his eyes. He couldn't make out much at first. His eyes were bleary with sleep after a troubled night. It seemed to be light out at least. Gradually everything came into focus. Thomas immediately wished he were dreaming again. A very large red face, with shimmering eyes, shimmering scales, and glistening teeth was hovering directly over him. It was the teeth that Thomas focused on last, but held his attention the most. He couldn't break his eyes away from them. Large gusts of breath whistled through his hair as the monstrosity seemed to be preparing to eat him. He nearly jumped out of his skin clambering backwards.
I say, you are alive!
Thomas blinked. Did the teeth say something? Thomas tried to glance back up and take in the face again. The face was attached to a long craning neck, which was attached to a long body, which had large legs. Four of them. A tale... wings.... Thomas stared in disbelief. A Dragon. It was a Dragon. This was impossible.
Dragon blurted Thomas.
Oh my, clearly not the brightest of the bunch are you? Yes, of course I am. What else would I be?
Thomas was again taken aback. The Dragon was talking to him. A talking red Dragon. Thomas stared at its monstrous body. He wondered if he might know where his great uncle had gone.
The Dragon gave Thomas an appraising glance. I must say your clothing is slightly more interesting than the rest of your kind. Most humans dress so drably. So I take it you are a girl of about... thirteen or so?
Thomas didn't know whether to shake in fear, close his eyes in hopes of making everything go away, or feel offended. He chose the latter.
I'm not a girl! Thomas shouted.
AH! Vocabulary! Splendid. I was beginning to wonder.
The fact that this dragon could talk was amazing, but the tone the dragon used reminded him of the father of one of his classmates. The man came to school to pick up his daughter in a three piece suit. He was some sort of doctor or something along that line, and was constantly talking about The Theatre. He had a slightly higher pitched voice than one might expect from a man of his size and very much sounded like this dragon.
Where am I? Thomas asked in a shaky voice.
The Dragon looked around, then back to Thomas. Well, if you must know, you are in the middle of my carrot patch. You are lucky, actually, I almost mistook you for a dried up carrot. I was going to flip you to my pets before I saw you twitch.
Thomas who had been mesmerized by this real life dragon managed to break his gaze away momentarily. Sitting there beside the monstrous red creature were two only slightly less monstrous balls of fur with teeth. They sort of reminded Thomas of dogs, but only in the loosest sense. Thomas tried to take in more of the land around him. What he saw defied explanation. In front of him were rows of the largest looking carrots he had ever seen. The green tops looked like large shrubs, the carrot tops sticking out of the ground looked like trees that had been planted upside down.
My name is Gatsby. You are.....
Thomas blinked. Did the Dragon just ask what his name was? Odd behaviour for a creature poised to make a snack of him.
Thomas. replied Thomas.
The Dragon looked thoughtful. Thomas. Alright. I have never met a Thomas before. Pleased to meet you Sir Thomas. The Dragon paused and looked around. Now can I ask you what you are doing in my carrot patch?
Thomas wasn't sure how to answer this. Should he tell him he put on girls pyjamas and a gold ring because a book told him to? I ... dunno. Thomas paused awkwardly. I'm sorry, but are you a real Dragon?
Gatsby snorted indignantly, Do you insult me now? Of course I am a Dragon! What part of me DOESN'T look like a Dragon?
Thomas quickly jumped in before Gatsby tried proving he was a Dragon, which could only end badly for Thomas.
Oh no! That's not it. It's just... I have never seen a Dragon before.
Gatsby stared at Thomas in disbelief. Never seen a Dragon?! How is that possible? There are thousands of us around these parts. You couldn't have gotten to here from Westminster without walking through the city of BlueShift. Home of the famous Alkamire Dragons... you know... the Blue Dragons of the south.
Thomas' head spun. Tho, thou.... Thousands?
Thousands of Dragons? He was talking to a dragon in a fairytale world, where one carrot would provide enough materials to build a single story house. Thomas' head started to spin, everything went blurry, and then black.
When Thomas came around again, he was staring at the ceiling of an old fashioned cottage styled house. Thomas sat up and took in his surroundings. Everything around him had a handmade quality to it. The bedding he was laying on, the chair sitting beside the bed, all looked to be hand carved. There was a large fireplace on the other side of the room that was roaring with, what looked like, a boiling cauldron over it with something inside which was giving off an odour not that different from curry. There was a large thick wooden table with a single place setting, and the whole room was lit by candle light. 
To one side of the room was a counter, and standing at the counter was a boy not that much older than Thomas himself.
Excuse me? Thomas croaked. The boy turned around. 
Ah! You are awake again. If I may say you certainly do faint a lot.
Thomas looked at the boy confused. He sounded a lot like the Dragon that he had been talking to in the carrot patch. I'm sorry, do I know you? 
The boy sighed, You must have been hit in the head. There are no marks but you clearly are having problems with your memory. I'm Gatsby. We just met in the garden.
You're Gatsby?
Yes
But Gatsby's a Dragon
Yes
But you aren't a Dragon.
You really aren't from around here are you? the boy walked over to Thomas and sat in the chair. Yes I am Gatsby, yes... I am a Dragon, no I am not a Dragon at the moment. As you should know, a Dragon can appear as a great number of different creatures. Gatsby sat in the chair and regarded Thomas for a few seconds. Exactly WHY is it that you don't know that?
Thomas was feeling faint, but knew it would serve no purpose to pass out again. He had done that enough recently and it seemed to be getting him nowhere. What was he going to say? Gatsby seemed to be an honest sort of person... dragon... whatever. Thomas just wasn't sure what sort of predicament it was that he was in yet. Still the thought of a friendly Dragon didn't seem so bad. Thomas decided he would take a chance and tell his story to Gatsby.
You must be a powerful wizard indeed to have travelled through realities. Very few wizards have that sort of power. But I must say, you certainly do look young to have such power.
Gatsby seemed to have no trouble finding things to babble about.
Dimensional travel must be exhilarating! Tell me, is that anything like the sensation of flying? I bet it's like flying through the dark with your eyes closed! Though I suppose it wouldn't matter if it were dark when you have your eyes closed. I have only heard of such a story once before
Oh I'm no wizard... wait. Did you say that you have heard a story like mine before?
Several years back, there was another boy, about the same age as you, who travelled through here wearing brightly coloured clothing as you wear with a similar story. Dragons seldom pay attention to the comings and goings of humans, but we do remember people when they dress as colourfully as you, and this other fellow did! We are fond of colour. Most of the human world is so drab, I suppose that is why dragons seldom ever go to Westminster. Gatsby paused, You are not a wizard?
Thomas was still distracted by Gatsby's mention of the other boy like him. It must have been his great uncle! Uh, yes... uh, no. I mean, I am not a wizard.
You are not terribly articulate either, are you? 
Gatsby stood up and wandered over to a closet at the side of the room and came back with the backpack that Thomas had brought with him. I found this next to you. I'm sorry to say, but I did peek inside your bag. You have a great many curious items in there.
Thomas was grateful that his pack had made it here with him. If the pack made it there, then... Thomas reached behind his back. The book wasn't tucked in his pants anymore! 
Excuse me Gatsby, but you didn't happen to see a book when you found me, did you? 
No. No book. Just a pink carrot wearing a backpack.
Thomas may have taken offence if he didn't feel overwhelmed with panic at that moment. The book I was telling you about, the one that brought me here. I had it stuffed in the back of my clothing, but it's gone! 
Gatsby furrowed his brow. I will go and take a look outside for it. In the meantime, help yourself to the stew. Gatsby got up and took off outside. 
Thomas thought about eating. He was very hungry, but at the moment the thought of losing the book was consuming him. It was his only link to home. He quickly glanced at his finger. The gold ring was still there. Alright, so not the only link, but the only link that made any sense. The poem had made references to the importance of the ring, and Thomas didn't doubt that he would have to keep it safe at all times if he had any hopes of returning to his own world.
Gatsby seemed to be taking his time looking for the missing book. Thomas decided to get up and have a look around the house. He hadn't gotten far when Gatsby finally returned.
I'm sorry Sir Thomas, I searched everywhere, and found no book.
Thomas groaned. Trapped in this strange world without the object that had brought him here. He couldn't help feeling that this would end the same way it had for his uncle.
Gatsby? You mentioned seeing another person who was similar to me come through here. Whatever happened to him?
Oh the other human dressed in bright garments? Ah yes... well, that was some time ago, in terms of human years at least. He was wearing bright blue if I am not mistaken, though it was a while ago, and I suppose it could have been a green or an off green...
Gatsby? Thomas wondered if all Dragons rambled on like this.
Yes?
What happened to him?
I'm not sure. I imagine once he stopped wearing those nifty clothes that we stopped paying attention. 
Gatsby walked over to the cauldron and ladled a serving of stew into heavily ornate red crystal bowl. Two dragons on opposite sides of the bowl leaned against the exterior, and their heads created the handles by which Gatsby held it. He then walked over to Thomas and presented it to him. Unfortunately, Gatsby got his feet caught up in the tassells of a colourful rug on the floor and ended up tossing the soup at Thomas as he crashed to the floor. Thomas received the soup from his chest to his toes. Thomas yelped in pain as the soup which had only just gone from boiling to simmering seeped through his now pink and brown lace garment. Gatsby quickly got up and apologized profusely, OH! I am sooo sorry. It's this human body. You would think after nearly eight hundred years I would have gotten the hang of walking on two legs.
Thomas forgot about what he had been talking about. Eight hundred?! You're eight hundred years old?!
Gatsby was tossing Thomas a variety of brightly coloured towels and clothes and was making an effort to mop the remnants of the meal off the pink pyjamas.
Oh dear lord no! I am one-thousand two-hundred fifty-two years old. Give or take. Do you think I would be on my own if I were only eight hundred? 
Thomas shook his head in disbelief. This was certainly a strange place.
You are a complete mess you realize. We are going to have to get you something to wear. Most of what I have that is your size is a little old now. But I am sure I can find something that the minots haven't eaten yet. 
Gatsby disappeared into another room and returned with some brightly beaded clothing with swirling patterns all over it. Thomas couldn't decide whether these looked like boy or girls clothing. 
I was going through a rainbow phase at the time. explained Gatsby as he handed the clothing to Thomas.  I think they should fit you alright.
Gatsby himself really didn't look much older than Thomas in his human form. Maybe sixteen or seventeen? But he spoke as if he was older than his grandfather. It was an odd juxtaposition.
The hot soup had distracted Thomas from his train of thought, but as he pulled on his second most embarrassing outfit of the day, he remembered what it was that he had been discussing with Gatsby before trying the local cuisine. The other boy that passed through... You said you have no idea where he ended up?
 I imagine he would have ended up at Westminster, although in those days it was known as Darkfol.
Thomas realized he was going to have to figure out what happened to his great uncle. If anyone knew what was going on and why they were trapped, it would be his uncle. He would have had more than enough time to think it over. 
I think I have to find him, Gatsby. Do you know anyone who might be able to help us?
Gatsby paused. You do realize that it has been a while since he came through here, in human terms of time. There is a good chance that he isn't around anymore. 
Thomas nodded slowly This other fellow... I think that he could be my Grandpa's brother. He went missing years ago. I think he's a few years older than grandpa, so he probably is in his late eighties.
I see. Gatsby paused. Well then we will simply have to go find him. I imagine if anyone should know what happened to a person in a blue laced... or was it green? Now I think about it... it could have been green...
Thomas coughed.
Well, whatever he was wearing, I imagine someone among the Alkamire Dragons would likely have noticed. They live closest to Westminster, and are among the few species of Dragons that pay any attention to day to day proceedings of the humans. If anyone would remember, it would be them.
Thomas started. You are going with me? 
Of course! I feel sort of responsible for you. After all, I did find you in my carrot patch. And even if you were a shrivelled up pink carrot, I always take good care of my garden.
This time Thomas did laugh. Gatsby was a strange individual. He rambled a fair bit, he spoke in a slightly snobbish tone, but he also offered help, food and lodging when Thomas needed help the most. It was the first time since it had all began that he felt at ease. Maybe this wasn't going to be as bad as he thought. 
Thomas finished getting into his brilliantly coloured clothing and retrieved another bowl of stew. Once you got used to the exotic taste, it was actually quite good. He watched as Gatsby bumbled one thing after another. Apparently his new Dragon friend wasn't kidding about being somewhat uncoordinated. Gatsby had finished cleaning up after the first mess he made only to spill his own bowl of soup on himself. He apparently, was quite used to this, explaining that his skin wasn't as sensitive to the heat as human skin. It had saved him from burns and cuts more than once. If he had really been completely human, he probably would have killed himself by accident, long ago. 
Gatsby suggested that they stay for the night before travelling to see the Blue Dragons. Thomas was happy enough to stay the night and learn some of the history of the new land that he found himself in. Night quickly fell as the two stayed up talking to each other about the strangeness of the lands they came from. Eventually the sounds of talking faded to the sound of quiet snoring.
CHAPTER 5
VICTOR
Thunder echoed through the halls of the old broken castle. What was left of the castle, had stood for thousands of years. It was here long before its current occupant had been born. It was here long before the realm was inhabited by all manner of magical creatures. It was here in another age of human conquest. The origins of the building had been lost long ago. Quite often travellers would stare up at the mountainside, and wonder to themselves how the broken husk of a castle had come to rest on such a precarious crag on a dangerous looking mountainside. They would ponder this for a few seconds and move on, as very few enjoyed looking at the broken castle for very long. The sight of the dark looking place, even from a distance, would set a chill in their bones.
The occasional flash of lightning would light up the dark corridors of the ancient building for a brief instant, showcasing the horrific decorations and leftover body parts from a thousand battles. A visitor here would hope for a day when the castle was draped in darkness. Unfortunately the weather on Mount Rift was always contentious, and a day without foul weather and lightning uncovering some unpleasant surprise were few and far between, not that anyone ever came to the castle. No one of course, except for its sole human occupant and his battalion of beasts.
A wizened hand grasped the handle of a large thick glass bowl with a red liquid substance in it. A face, scarred from battle, and time, gazed into the bowl with a hungry expression on it. Something has changed. rasped the gravelly old voice more to himself than to his pet wolf. A rift. The old hand hovered over the bowl of red liquid. The Bowl of Seeing was an item that had been enchanted in the same era as the castle was erected. It had taken the old man many years to muddle out the nature of the bowl's enchantment, but once he had, the bowl had proved to be an invaluable tool. Whenever an event was set in motion that would change the world significantly, the bowl would tune itself into it, allowing the owner to witness history being made. Or in an old enchanter's case... influence it. Ripples appeared on the surface. An image started to solidify as the ripples worked their way to the edges. The old man's gaze was that of a greedy jackal just before it devoured its helpless prey. Victor. His name was Victor, the once powerful ruler of this land. That was before the time of Edric Greenshot. Victor snarled and spat off to the side, not entirely missing his pet wolf. Edric Greenshot self-imposed ruler of Westminster. 
The image solidified reluctantly. First two bright lights were visible, then a cottage came into view. The cottage was a typical dwelling done in Draco style. The old wizard stood rapt over the bowl. That's when a girl wearing pink caught his eye. The girl sat on the bed as a boy seemed to throw a bowl of hot liquid on her. Victor enjoyed this little window into others lives, he revelled in the forbidden knowledge he garnered from it. 
Victor peered closely at the individual in the pink, and now brown stained clothes. His eyes took longer to adjust these days, he silently cursed the effects of ageing. There was something strange about this girl. It wasn't just that humans and Draconians weren't usually seen keeping company together. That in itself was worth the investigation, it was something else. The clothing clearly was something that she had picked up from the Dragon. No human would normally be caught dead in such a brightly coloured garment... not even a girl. 
Victor wheeled on his heel, his richly embroidered cloak flapping as he whirled around. Shadow! Victors' old eyes trolled the dark corners of the room for signs of movement. The Shadow, which was difficult to see during the day, was nearly impossible to see at night, unless it was trying to draw attention. 
He was about to shout again when he saw a slight fluctuation in the darkness nearest one of his lamps. Ah, there you are. 
The Shadow was a dangerous creature. They were expert hunters who lived off the life essence of others. It would blend itself into the natural shadows, become one with the darkness itself. When the prey came in close enough, the Shadow would sweep over, consuming it. By the time the creature figured out what was going on, it was already too late and the Shadow would devour it whole. The Shadow had many different abilities and was deadly in hundreds of different ways. Very few creatures had lived through the experience. Those that had, were never the same. 
Careful to keep the Shadow in his line of sight, Victor made his way back to the bowl. I need you to gather something for me. Victor motioned to the bowl. 
The Shadow edged out of the darkness. It was hard to look at it in the light. It was like a moving pocket of black blur. It,of course, didn't enjoy entering the light. Even low light caused it severe discomfort, but it had no choice. Its master was beckoning. The Shadow edged up close enough to peer into the bowl. I need you to gather this young girl for me. You had to be very literal with the Shadow. Incomplete instructions given could end in disastrous results. It wouldn't do for his prize to be damaged before he figured out the significance of it. 
I expect that you will not harm this girl. I need you to bring her here, UNHARMED. Victor emphasized that last word. It wasn't in the nature of a Shadow NOT to harm something it had caught. It was a bit of a gamble to ask this of it, but the Shadow was his best hunter, and this was important. He was sure of it.
The Shadow was confused. No harm. It understood this, but this was not something that the master had ever asked for before. In the past, the master would ask the Shadow to devour this ruler, destroy that general. It was always used as a weapon. Was the Shadow being punished for something? Somehow it felt like it was being demoted. There was no mistaking the tone of the master though. There was to be no hurting this girl. Just bring it to the master. It understood.
Victor watched as the Shadow hovered in indecision for a few minutes, then finally swept out of the room. He hoped that he had made the right decision in sending him. There was something large being set in motion, something that had the potential to change history. The bowl never activated for anything less, and it would stay active until whatever event had brought it to life, was completed. Victor wanted to manipulate whatever was about to happen, in his favour. His return to power might be within his grasp... if he could figure out the significance of the girl in time. 
The old wizard settled himself back onto the ancient throne. Except for the raging storm outside, the room grew quiet. With no one to talk to, Victor sat alone in darkness on an uncomfortable throne of a long forgotten ruler, waiting for the return of the Shadow, with the future of his world.
CHAPTER 6
SILENT MISTS
Thomas was awakened by a loud shrieking dragon in human form, screaming at the top of its lungs, Get OUT! Thomas hadn't even managed to open his dreary eyelids when something extremely heavy, shaggy and wet landed on top of him and proceeded to drool all over him. This was followed up by rubbing the drool around his face with an extremely oversized fleshy object that was undoubtedly this creature's tongue. Thomas gasped a breath here and there as the tongue occasionally lifted itself from his face giving him a few short seconds to get another breath of putrid air before the creatures tongue was once again landing.
I Said GET OUT! Grimace!... Gangle! OOOOUUUUTTTT Reluctantly the slobbering mass of fur jumped down from the bed, rumbled its way out the door, and out of the house.
I am so sorry. They usually come in for breakfast, but I had temporarily forgotten that I had company, and well... you are in their bed.
Thomas realized now why the bed had been so itchy, and had a distinct grungy smell. The odour reminded him of wet dog mixed with cow dung. It's alright. Thomas said as he tried to mop some of the slobber off his face with his shirt sleeve.
Well, I guess it's better that you are up now anyway. We should get going. By your stride, it should take us most of the day to get there.
Thomas was up now and almost awake. The consistency of the drool in his hair was enough to keep it out of his face. He would not be needing any hair gel today. He wondered briefly, if they could market this drool as a hair product. Girls put all sorts of weird things on their skin and in their hair. 
What are the Alkamire Dragons like Gatsby? 
Hmm? Gatsby was trying to clean the floor with a mop-like object. Evidently getting the animals slobber to come off the floor was no easier than getting it out of Thomas' hair. Oh they are alright on the whole. They spend most of their time on the fringes of the human world. 
Gatsby was rubbing at a particularly stubborn spot on the floor. I have friends there. Gatsby's expression grew dark, Well, I THINK I still have friends there. 
Thomas waited for Gatsby to explain , but Gatsby merely continued, They are researchers, artists, they live their life day to day and are generally easy to get along with. 
Gatsby finally managed to get the spot off the floor, taking a sliver of wood along with it. 
Drat! 
It seemed that Gatsby wasn't going to say much more. He was completely engrossed in mourning the loss of his hardwood floor.
Thomas and Gatsby finished off a quick breakfast, cleaned up and prepared for the day's voyage. Gatsby had quite a store of snacks and vegetables to take along with them. Thomas would never have guessed dragons to be into vegetable gardening. If he ever managed to get back home, he would write a book about the top ten things you don't know about dragons. Vegetable gardening would definitely be in there somewhere. Every book that Thomas had ever read involved dragons chomping on unlucky knights or luscious maidens, not on carrots and broccoli. He had to admit he preferred this dragon to the ones he had read about. It was a really beautiful day. Despite being far away from home, this new world resembled his own in many ways, although the woods and plant-life seemed to thrive a lot more here than they did in his own world. The vegetation had a life of its own. Thick stems, broad leafs, and roots that could trip an elephant. The plants here were definitely healthy. In the city back home, thought Thomas, every plant looked like it was struggling to survive against the odds. 
Gatsby was wearing the oddest looking jacket and walking with a stick. Gatsbys' jacket was an iridescent red. Every time Gatsby turned into the sun, Thomas would have to avert his eyes. A couple of times, Thomas didn't turn his head fast enough and was caught stumbling around for an hour or two with big bright green spots in the centre of his vision. The two large mounds of fur were following beside Gatsby, seemingly lost in the journey. Typical of dog-like creatures, they were rushing to this and that side of the road, jumping at whatever invisible insect happened by at the moment. 
All in all, the first half of the day was largely uneventful. Gatsby continued on with a brief history of the land. He seemed quite happy when talking about the history of the dragons, the plants and the land, but didn't really say much about the history of Darkfol and how it became Westminster. When Thomas asked about it, Gatsby merely shrugged and said that the previous ruler was a vicious old wizard who exploited all races of creatures in the realm. The newest establishment seemed to have struck a more harmonious chord with everyone in the land. He apologized for not knowing more, but as he had explained several times, he simply didn't pay attention to human politics.
Travelling through this new and foreign land had been so fascinating that Thomas hadn't noticed anything the matter immediately. It wasn't until just after midday when he started to pick up on a negative feeling in the air.
 Gatsby? 
Gatsby had been mostly quiet for the last hour or so. He seemed engrossed in a song that he had been humming all day. 
Gatsby paused, Mmmmm? 
Articulating what Thomas felt wasn't going to be easy. He couldn't quite put his finger on it, but the more that he focused on the feeling, the more he felt something ominous boring down on him. Something dark, just out of the range of his vision.
Something isn't right. 
Gatsby looked at Thomas perplexed, Was my song bothering you? Because if it was, I do know some rather smashing marching songs. Or a ballad, though that might be a little uncomfortable given the current company.
No, that's not it. Thomas looked around the wilderness, as if he could find an explanation hidden in the foliage. They were on a open plain of tall grass on a rolling hillside. A path, cut from the regular travel of people and creatures, meandered through the middle. Below the rolling fields, in the valley to the left, was a river dividing the plains before the hills rose again on the other side. In front of them, several kilometres off, was the forest. Somehow the forest seemed foreboding. Like it was waiting for them. Thomas couldn't put his finger on what was the matter until Grimace and Gangle stopped nosing through the grass for a moment and perked up to listen to something in the distance. That's when it hit Thomas. He couldn't hear whatever it was that Grimace and Gangle were listening to. In fact, he couldn't hear anything at all. All the sounds of the wilderness, the general ambiance that usually accompanies the countryside had slowly died away. Now that Thomas thought about it, he couldn't recall the last time he had heard crickets, or the sound of birds off in the distance. It was dead quiet. 
Now that Gatsby had stopped humming he seemed to have picked up on this as well. A momentary flash of worry washed over his face, but was quickly replaced with a smile. The wilderness is resting it seems. It is getting later, we should get moving a little faster. 
Gatsby was a Dragon. If Gatsby was worried about whatever was causing this unnatural void in nature, then there was cause to be worried.
Gatsby set off at a heightened pace. Thomas had to push hard to keep up. They were definitely moving with haste now. The fields gave way to brush, the brush gave way to forest and eventually they were in a full grown wood. The forest was just as quiet as the fields were. As if sensing the darkened mood of the travellers making their way into the forest, the weather started to turn on them as well. A cold mist had started to set in around them. Gatsby was no longer trying to keep his reassuring smile. Instead, a determined look had replaced the normally placid features. Even Grimace and Gamble were starting to look a little haggard, trying to keep close to Gatsby. They had travelled about an hour into the woods without incident when suddenly Grimace and Gamble started to growl. 
Gatsby came to a dead halt. The only noise was the sound of the two dog-like creatures growling. The mist had grown heavier now. It was getting more difficult to see where they were heading. Luckily Gatsby seemed to know where they were going. If Thomas had had to rely solely on the path they had been following, he would have been lost long ago. 
All of a sudden Gamble's hackles rose and he let loose a piercing yowl. The giant ball of fur almost knocked Thomas off his feet as it took off through the woods and disappeared into the mist. Grimace was growling and nearly took off after his brother but Gatsby held him close. Thomas. Follow close, and keep watch carefully for anything moving in the Shadows.
Gatsby was following the barking noises of Gamble. It wasn't long before they caught up with him. They broke through the thick of the mist and entered a small clearing in the middle of the woods, where a makeshift camp appeared to have been set up. Gamble was standing in the centre of it sniffing the ground around a large fire pit. A piercing icy cold jolt shocked the pit of Thomas' stomach. There was a fire still going in the centre of this camp. There were tents, backpacks, pots, pans, everything you would expect to find at a camp was there, except for the people who set it up.
In the distance there was a rumbling. A storm was starting to gather again. With the mist so heavy in the air, and the ancient trees reaching for the sky, Thomas couldn't make out if there were clouds. But he was almost sure that it had gotten darker.
Where did everyone go, Gatsby? Thomas tried to keep calm. Gatsby seemed to be on edge. He wasn't saying very much as he looked around the camp. 
Gatsby seemed to be talking more to himself than to anyone else. 
No signs of a struggle. It looks like they were preparing for dinner. 
Gatsby inspected the bed rolls placed around the campfire. It looks like they were setting up for the night. 
Suddenly Gatsby spun around and stared at Thomas. Thomas was so startled he almost fell backward over a root. 
We must move quickly. Gatsby cursed, Dredge it! There isn't enough room for me to take off. We are going to have to continue on foot. 
Gatsby wore a look of anxiety that set the hairs on the back of Thomas' neck on edge.
What is it? Thomas had a sudden urge to keep close to Grimace and Gamble despite their awful odour.
Gatsbys' gaze swept the forest. Between the thick mist and darkness, it was getting hard to see anything. Finally, reluctantly he murmured, I'm not sure. Gatsby grabbed Thomas' hand and started to drag him away from the camp. The two dog-like creatures had grown quiet and seemed to be sticking close to the group as they started to run silently through the forest. It seemed to get darker, and quieter the further that Thomas and Gatsby ran. Thomas couldn't help but think of the mysterious darkness behind the new attic door back home, and how it seemed to suck the light out of everything around it. The gloom that had set upon them had the same unnatural feel to it, as if it were trying to devour them. All they could hear was the sound of their laboured breathing and feet on the underbrush. For the better part of half an hour, Thomas, Gatsby, Grimace and Gangle pressed hard through the heavy mists and dense foliage. Thomas was, in no way, used to this level of sustained exertion. A nasty wind was picking up, and the mist had given way to hail.
We're almost there! Gatsby was flat out running now. 
Thomas was having trouble keeping up. Just when he thought his chest was going to explode and his lungs catch on fire, they broke out of the forest onto an open plain. Before them loomed an absolutely gigantic wall, crafted entirely out of what looked to be solid trees. He would have stopped right there, on the spot, to gape, but Gatsby had hold of his hand and yanked him onward toward a towering gate. They arrived, collapsing into a massive pile of human, pseudo human and dog limbs. 
Open the gate! cried Gatsby. 
A small slat in the gate slid open and a pair of eyes stared out at them. Ah Gatsby! came a voice from behind the slat. It's been a long...
GET THE GATE OPEN! Gatsby cut the voice off as he pulled Thomas to his feet. He was taking short, but strong, wheezing breaths. Gatsby appeared to be on the verge of hyperventilating. 
Clearly startled, the eyes disappeared and the gate began to rumble open. Gatsby, Thomas and the dog-like things stumbled through. No sooner were they past the gate than it was slamming shut behind them. The gate keeper recognized trouble when he saw it, or, in this case, when he got screamed at.
When Thomas realized that they weren't going to run anymore he collapsed at the side of the road. Gatsby joined him there and the two of them just sat for a few minutes in the relative silence of gasping, wheezing and slobbering.
The gate keeper finished putting the barricades in place and came over to join their group at the side of the road. 
You pick a great day for a stroll Gatsby. The gate keeper said with a slight smile. 
Gatsby smiled grimly. It started out nice. I almost finished composing a new song. I was into the third chorus, a really intricate, lilting part of my new piece when this confounded situation arose. Gatsby let out a breath that he had been holding a while. You closed the gates early today Glen.
Glen, the gate keeper, nodded slowly looking toward the gate. I didn't like the look of the sky today. I had sort of a .....
...foreboding feeling? Gatsby finished. 
Glen nodded. 
Gatsby joined in nodding with Glen as if their conversation were being carried on silently by the synchronicity of their nodding. Thomas sat a little confused. He knew something was very wrong, he had sensed it out there, but so far no one had offered to explain what was going on.
So what exactly was it that we were running from? Thomas asked after a moment of awkward silence. 
Gatsby still had a distant look as he and Glen leaned against the wall. 
There are many things in this world that you have to be careful of Thomas. Powerful creatures that hunt dragons and humans alike. Gatsby looked at the ground and sighed, I'm afraid we better pray this is a coincidence, but somehow I fear it isn't.
Thomas was getting a little irritated with Gatsbys' evasive nature. He couldn't remember ever knowing someone who could babble so much and say so little. What is a coincidence?
Gatsby finally broke his gaze away from the ground he had been intensely studying to look up at Thomas. His eyes conveyed far more than what he said. Gatsby was terrified. 
 There is only one creature I know of that can kill without signs of a struggle. That sets all of nature around it, quiet. That can call on the elements to aid in hiding it, and that is the Shadow.
The Shadow. A mixture of emotions ran through Thomas. His first instinct was to snicker. 'the Shadow' sounded like a monster name from an old horror movie. The urge to laugh however was smothered by the fear that he had felt. Thinking back on the experience, 'Shadow', though cliche it might be, seemed to be the most apt description of what it was that seemed to be chasing them.
Glen let out a deep breath as Gatsby said this, as if he had feared that this was the very thing that Gatsby was going to say.
Gatsby continued, There are very few Shadows still in existence. They are a relic of a forgotten time. What we do know is that they were a weapon of a dark force many eons ago. We know that they once numbered in the thousands, but now there are only a handful left in the entire world.
Gatsby had regained his breath and composure. The more he talked, the more he gave himself to what he was talking about. Thomas had never met someone so in love with the sound of his own voice before.
There are few accounts of what happened to them, but from what has been pieced together, we know there was a great war. Dragons, Humans, and many other races banded together to fight the Shadows and the evil forces that had created them. We know it was the Dragons that ultimately broke the Shadows and sent them fleeing, but little is known about their creators, or what became of them. For centuries, Dragons made it their personal mission to hunt down and exterminate the last of these creatures. Even so, a few survive. It has long been suspected the dark wizard Victor has one under his command, but this has not been confirmed, as anyone sent to investigate ends up coming up empty handed, or ends up not coming back at all, with no evidence as to what happened to them. Gatsby didn't break his intense gaze from Thomas for even a moment.
You think one of these Shadows was responsible for the disappearance of those campers? Thomas asked. He squirmed under Gatsby's piercing scrutiny, but Gatsby seemed oblivious to the discomfort he was causing his companion.
 Gatsby grew dark, Thomas, you must understand. The Shadows are near extinction. The only one suspected to exist in this region, is under the control of Victor. They don't go randomly roaming about without reason. They are a weapon of ill purpose, given instructions that they carry out to the letter. There is no room for interpretation. This is why they were such effective tools. They never questioned their masters, they always did exactly what they were told to do. 
Gatsby drew in close to Thomas making him more uncomfortable. Thomas, if this thing was after us... it is not by coincidence. It's after us, specifically. I would say it can only be after you. 
Gatsby suddenly snapped his eyes away and instantly lightened his demeanour, smiling. Or at least that's my guess. 
Thomas' eyes boggled. 
Gatsby slapped Thomas on the back, Ah well. We have other fish to fry my friend. We have arrived at the home of the Alkamire Dragons! Welcome to BlueShift!
Glen grunted, Im sure that Alanna is going to be happy to greet you two as well.
Alanna? Thomas looked at Gatsby inquisitively.
Ah... yes. That would be the other fish I was talking about. Gatsby looked flush. 
Glen smiled grimly, Better not let Alanna hear you comparing her to a fish Gats. 
Gatsby laughed nervously and tried to change the subject. Anyway, we need to clean up and rest before we get on with that. Gatsby picked himself up. I'm actually quite glad it was you working the gates tonight Glen.
Here it comes. sighed Glen.
I was hoping I might impose on you for the night.
Why is it anytime you come here, you expect me to provide the rooming? asked Glen with a hint of irritation in his voice.
Why, because you are one of my best friends of course!
You mean because I'm the only one dumb enough to be pushed around by you.
Ah Glen, you could never be pushed around! Look at you! Tall and strong with the mental fortitude of a god. There are none that could push you around so easily. No... if we were to stay, I am sure it would only be because of your great generosity and compassionate nature. You are an amazing individual my friend. Gatsby smiled and put an arm around Glen's shoulders. Besides, it's only for the night. We won't be hanging around for long. 
Glen gave another hoarse laugh, Yeah, I don't suppose you will. 
Gatsby grimaced a little. There was definitely something going on here that Thomas was unaware of. For whatever reason, Gatsby didn't seem to be entirely happy to be here. Before Thomas had a chance to enquire, Gatsby was sweeping Glen and Thomas quickly along down a cobbled street, to a quaint looking building in the middle of what must be the business district of this city. It seemed that Thomas' questions would have to wait for another day. 
It had been a harrowing day, but despite the ordeal that Thomas had been through, he couldn't help but feel some slight anticipation for what tomorrow might bring. Up until the last couple of days, adventure for Thomas consisted of trying his grandfather's new recipes, or cleaning the attic. This was unlike anything he had been through before.
***** 
The darkness wrapped around its victims like a cloak. There was no escaping once the Shadow had a hold on you. Its meal at the campsite had been a satisfying distraction from its current mission. This current creature the Shadow hovered over, however, somehow lacked something. The campers had made a grand meal for the Shadow, and had unfortunately made him slow, and groggy, as a large meal always does. The prey that it had intended to catch had managed to get away. The Shadow wasn't accustomed to losing anything. This had evoked some sort of emotion in it. This was a big deal as he generally didn't feel very many emotions at all. It was too late now. Its prey was already inside the walls of BlueShift. Not too many things made the Shadow uneasy, but BlueShift was one of those few. It would have to wait out here until its intended prey ventured outside the walls. Until then, he decided he would wait, and ponder this new emotion he was... feeling. Yes,... he was feeling something... but what?
CHAPTER 7
EARLY MORNING VISITOR
Thomas was getting used to expecting the unexpected. For instance, Gatsby was about as far from a traditional dragon as Thomas could imagine. This as well was true of Glen the gate keeper. If Thomas had been asked to draw what a medieval gate keeper looked like, he would have likely drawn a giant, broad chested, man with a beard and a scarey expression. Glenn was the last individual that would strike fear into the hearts of man. He was in fact fairly jovial, a little foppish, and like Gatsby, not entirely coordinated.
Thomas had thought of the world he found himself in, as a fairytale world. Dragons, Shadows, Wizards and bumbling balls of fur were only part of the magic of this place. The buildings and wilderness, everything he had seen, had reminded him of a dangerous version of Disneyland. Everything he had seen had been beautifully crafted. The plants seemed hyper real, more alive than any living thing should be. 
Glen's place however, was over the top. As they walked up to the building, Thomas had to slow his pace in order to take it all in. It reminded him of a cartoon version of a frontier house from a fairytale world. The boards that made up the facade were of mismatched size and shape. The odd thing about them was they looked as if they had been styled that way on purpose. Each board had a highly polished, hand crafted look to it, while still catching that essence of the rugged frontier style. Their were ropes hanging here and there, which, on first look, didn't seem out of place, but on closer inspection, had no function. The ropes themselves were overly thick and had a definite hand made look to them. 
As Thomas approached the door, he looked up. There was a lookout room over the entrance that reminded Thomas of a tree fort. He had a feeling that this place was going to take a bit to get used to.
Glen turned to his companions as they came up to the door, I wonder if I could ask for you to turn around for a moment? 
Gatsby rolled his eyes. You do this every time. We're in the middle of the Alkamire Dragons town, at the home of the Gate Keeper Dragon of the Alkamire Dragons. I don't see why we always have to go through this! 
Glen sniffed. You can never be too careful. 
With that, Thomas and Gatsby turned around. 
Thomas felt perplexed. Why do we need to turn around. He whispered to Gatsby who was sighing and shaking his head.
Security. Gatsby whispered back with a fast huff of breath.
Thomas rolled his eyes. Glen was obviously paranoid.
Glen knocked loudly, and deliberately on the door three times. There was a moment of silence, then the sound of wood sliding against wood. The voice that came from behind the door was, in Thomas' opinion, overly polite, overly refined, overly zealous. The voice belonged in the theatre. 
What's the password?
Glen sighed, It's me Tritton.
The voice replied, Very good sir. But what's the password? 
Glen sounded a bit annoyed. I have company here, I can't very well tell you the password in front of them can I?
That's all well and good sir, but you told me to ask for the password. the voice replied in an offhanded manner. 
I'm the one who gave you that order! I order you to let me in!
Without the password? The voice coming from behind the door had a hint of mockery behind the overly polite tone.
Yes! exclaimed an exasperated Glen.
Very well. You really should make up your mind sir.
The sound of several locks being opened, bars being slid and various other contraptions of security, emanated from behind the wooden door. Finally the large, heavy barrier swung open and Gatsby and Thomas were invited to turn around.
Welcome to Tathen House! Glen paused, Um, Glen Tathen, that's me.
Thomas walked inside. It was like walking into the saloon of a wild west building, only more... crafted. Tritton, obviously the butler, was standing to the side of the door, paying only cursory attention to anyone coming in. He was a short thin man with large protruding eyes. His hair, equal parts grey and black, was combed back neatly and his clothing was well maintained and very formal. He swept the door closed as Thomas and Gatsby wandered in.
Well I suppose you should make yourself comfortable. You'll be needing to get your rest before seeing Alanna I imagine. Glen walked up a staircase in the middle of the foyer and disappeared.
Well Thomas, I suppose it would be a good idea to get a rest before tomorrow. sighed Gatsby. Gatsby seemed to be agitated. His looked like he was staring at something off in the distance as he absentmindedly spoke to Thomas. 
Gatsby led Thomas to a smaller room, in what seemed like a tower. It wasn't like any tower that Thomas had ever imagined. Oh, it had a spiralling staircase that led up several flights of stairs before ending in a door that, yes, led to a circular room, but the whole thing was done in this almost western style that seemed at odds with the castle-like section of this home. Cottage, home, castle, saloon... Thomas wasn't sure what to call this place.
The room itself was on the small side, but there were two beds in it and an amazing window with a view of the street below. The days events had taken their toll on poor Thomas and he had started an endless barrage of yawns and sighs. Gatsby indicated the bed by the window and Thomas smiled. He thought how wonderful it was going to be to look out the window and see the bustle of the people below as he fell to sleep. He laid on his side and pulled the blanket over his legs. What an interesting view of the street it was... it.. was... ... it... 
Thomas drifted off quickly, with Gatsby not too far behind. The trouble of tomorrow eluding them for a night.
* * * * * 
Thomas! Get up quick! Thomas eyes opened far too early for his taste. Gatsby was pacing around the room like a cat that knew the hungry wolf was waiting outside the door. She's sent an escort for us! Gatsby collapsed onto the bed. I KNEW this would happen. Oh why didn't I stay home? WHY?
Thomas swung himself out of bed, confused at what his new friend was 
moaning about. 
What time is it Gatsby? croaked Thomas.
WHO CARES WHAT TIME IT IS? shouted Gatsby. His eyes bulged, and Thomas thought he could almost make out the veins in his forehead pulsing.
 She's expecting me to see her! Gatsby got off the bed again and started to pace. I had thought that a few hundred years would cool her down, but apparently she's as angry as if it were yesterday.
Who'd be angry with you? 
She would. Alanna. Gatsby shivered as he said her name.
Who's Alanna? asked Thomas.
Gatsby was just opening his mouth when a large knock came at their bedroom door. 
Gatsby! We know you are there. The princess wishes to speak with you!
Good lord, Thomas. whined Gatsby, Hide me!
Thomas had never been asked to hide a dragon before. Taking a quick look around the room, Thomas already knew this was a futile request. Why don't you just jump out the window and fly off?
It's not as quick as you would think. I would hate to land on a passerby just as I changed into a dragon. I don't think that would be too pretty. 
Come on Gatsby, open up the door! 
Gatsby looked like a trapped rabbit rather than a dragon. 
I don't think that we have much choice. 
Gatsby just stood frozen to the spot, making a visible effort to reign his nerves in. Thomas rolled his eyes and walked over to open the door. Outside on the stairwell stood three imposing looking individuals. The person nearest the door would have been probably in his 40's if he were human. As he was likely a dragon as well, Thomas had no idea how old this individual was. He was somewhat over dressed, wearing an old fashioned puffy sleeved outfit embroidered with gold and silver designs. The outfit itself was vibrant cobalt blue. The wonderful looking outfit didn't match the rather sour looking expression of this middle aged person. Two less formally dressed brutes stood just a couple of steps down from the person who stood in front of him now.
Gatsby. The man in blue spat the name out in obvious disgust. I see you haven't changed much since I last saw you. I can't imagine what is so important you would risk a visit to BlueShift.
Allan. You are looking well. Gatsby replied a little nervously. Um, is there something that I can do for you?
The man in Blue pushed past Thomas and into the room. Oh please Gatsby, you know very well why I am here. Alanna wishes to speak with you. I am here to make sure that you don't try to run.
Gatsby took on a feigned hurt expression, I'm surprised you would think I would come all this way to see the princess, only to run away! Anyway, I hate for you to trouble yourself. As it happens, I was planning to see Alanna today. 
I see. Think of me as a reminder then. A demanding reminder. Allan shifted his gaze to Thomas noticing the young human in the room for the first time. Who is this?
Oh, just someone I ran into along the way. We ran into some trouble with the Shadow, so he tagged along. 
Allan took on a thoughtful look for a moment. I had heard something about that from Glen. Allan paused, and then turned on his heel and addressed Gatsby again.
I will give you a few moments to get yourself presentable before we go to see the princess. Allan deliberately looked Gatsby over from head to toe, pausing at each article of clothing with an increasingly bitter expression. His look said that he didn't believe any amount of time would be enough to make Gatsby presentable. 
With that, Allan and his goons left the room and retreated down the stairs.
Thomas had been quiet the entire conversation. Things were happening that he had no grasp of. Now that the two of them were alone he had to find out what was going on once and for all.
Gatsby! Please, what is going on? If we are travelling together, the least you can do is tell me what we are getting into here. I thought the Alkamire Dragons were your friends!
Gatsby sighed. They are... or were. Maybe.
Gatsby turned Thomas around as he reluctantly started to change into more presentable clothing. 
Alanna was an old friend of mine. One thing you need to understand about dragons Thomas. While we treat each other with respect... the different races of dragons don't socialize. The Alkamire Blue Dragons, the Ganton Red Dragons... we live out our lives without interfering in each others affairs.
Gatsby finished straightening his collar and sat down to put on some dress boots.
Alanna and I were exceptions. She and I were explorers at heart. The Alkamire and Ganton Dragon villages were not that far away from each other back then. We were young, and both loved adventure, so I suppose it was inevitable that we would keep running into each other while exploring. At first we tried to ignore each other, but, eventually, we started to scout together.
Gatsby stood up, How do I look?
Thomas shrugged.
Gatsby sighed. 
I guess no amount of preening is going to prepare me for this.
So why is Alanna angry with you? asked Thomas trying to steer Gatsby back onto subject.
Gatsby took in a deep breath and let it out. Well... the last time that I saw Alanna, I was supposed to go to a fairly important dinner with her, and I stood her up, I suppose.
All this over a dinner? It didn't make sense to Thomas.
Gatsby fiddled with one of his buttons. Well, I suppose it was sort of an important dinner.
Thomas was going to ask about it when a voice bellowed from downstairs, Gatsby! I wouldn't keep Alanna waiting all day if I were you.
Gatsby did a little jump and headed out the door. Just as Thomas was about to follow, Gatsby poked his head back in. Thomas? Gatsby seemed apprehensive as he spoke disjointedly. Why don't you take a look around the town. I don't think this is something that you would be particularly interested in. 
But the Shadow! Thomas began, but Gatsby just waved him off. We're in BlueShift now. You should be perfectly safe here. I don't believe any Shadow would be dim enough to enter a dragon city!
Thomas, not feeling at all better by Gatsby's reassurance, just nodded as Gatsby disappeared again. All of a sudden, Thomas was alone in this new world for the first time since coming here. He couldn't shake the feeling that something bad was still lurking out there. Waiting.
CHAPTER 8
ALANNA
Talk was sparse as Gatsby was escorted through the city toward the Royal Palace. The city had prospered since the last time Gatsby had been here, several hundred years ago. The buildings were more modern looking. Large statues of various lords and ladies of the Alkamire Dragons stood all around the city. Most of the statues were adorned with jewels and inlaid with gold. Others were made of jade and other exotic rocks. Even the streets themselves were a work of art. Beautiful Lapis Lazuli mosaics of dragons adorned the tiles that made up the sidewalks. The streets appeared to be granite, though a very lovely granite with a lavender hue to it. The city was truly breathtaking.
The sudden motion of an arm being thrust across his chest woke him up from drinking in the sights of the city. His entourage had come to a halt. He realized with a start that they were at the palace gates. This is it. Allan announced. We're here. 
Ah yes... the palace looks incred...
Gatsby! Listen closely. I know that you're the son of Ganton, but if you hurt my sister again, I don't care what your title is. I will make it my life's work to make yours a living nightmare.
Gatsby looked into Allan's cold eyes. There was no denying it. He was trapped. Absolutely no way out. He had no doubt that Allan meant every word that he said and he really couldn't blame the fellow. Allan was just being a good older brother. His sister and he had been very close, and it didn't help that Allan had never liked Gatsby, even before this entire fiasco had started. 
Gatsby sighed, Allan, don't worry. I mean to make amends with your sister. I have been running from this day for a long time, it's true, but I swear that I will make it up to her.
Allan didn't look convinced, but he opened the gate without another word and motioned for Gatsby to go inside.
The palace really was amazing, it hadn't just been nervous banter, the palace of the Alkamire had always been a sight to see. 300 years of the finest craftsmen and artists had just made it that much more amazing. Gatsby began to realize just how much he had missed the atmosphere of the palace, and the company of his best friend, Alanna. 
He walked down a long corridor which led to the main greeting area. BlueShift had always been a peaceful land where very little crime manifested itself. As a result, there were few guards. The guards that were there however, were alert, dressed in traditional uniform and looked ready to act. Gatsby imagined that thousands of years with adversity probably made for mostly inexperienced officers. They were more for show than for protection. That wasn't to say the guards weren't ready for a fight. They looked as if they kept themselves very busy getting ready for just such an occasion, even if it never came.
*****
Thomas watched from around the corner as Gatsby entered the palace. He had never seen a place like this before. The walls were so blue they almost disappeared into the sky. The statues were of warriors, standing in various poses as if ready to attack, or defend. There were so many statues standing around that Thomas almost didn't notice that there were actual guards standing amongst the statues. He guessed the statues gave the impression that there were more guards around than there actually were. Actually there were quite a few places where someone might be able to sneak into the castle unnoticed. Thomas was sure about one thing. He had to get inside of the palace and make sure Gatsby was alright.
Being careful to avoid being noticed, Thomas walked around the outer wall until he had found the perfect place to make an attempt to breach the palace walls. A large oak-like tree stood outside one of the main walls. The years had allowed it to reach for the window above, and no one seemed to have thought to cut it back. Thomas supposed that when every resident could fly already, there was little need to protect the palace from people climbing. It was going to take some careful navigation, but Thomas thought he could make it to that window.
*****
Gatsby entered the main chamber used to greet the general public on special occasions. One thing was for sure, this was no special occasion. Other than the throne, and a few chairs for other nobles and people of mention, the room was dark and rather empty. The doors closed behind Gatsby trapping him in the greeting chamber. He had a sudden flash of panic. Then the doors to the side opened, and in she stepped.
Alanna hadn't changed in three hundred years. She was still the kid he had played with as a youth. Sure, she had matured a bit, but to him, she would always be the one with whom he had explored dirty tunnels, swam in lakes infested with all manner of dangerous creatures and wrestled wild animals. That's what, he supposed, made this all the more difficult. She looked like a girl of about 18, but as a dragon she was infinitely older. She was well over 1000 years old.
Alanna walked purposely into the room, pronouncing every footstep as if each step were a word to be weighed and heeded. In contrast to her gait, her face was serene. She didn't even look in Gatsby's direction. Alanna walked to the throne in the centre of the room, turned with her eyes cast down, and sat. For what seemed like an eternity, she sat there in silence, but then Alanna finally levelled her gaze at Gatsby, and Gatsby almost wished that she hadn't.
Her features became as hard as stone. Her stare was so piercing that Gatsby could hardly stand it.
Nice weather we have been having chuckled Gatsby nervously. He cleared his throat. Well that is if you don't count the rather odd amount of wind and lightening lately... 
Three... HUNDRED years Gatsby.
Oh there was no question. She was royally furious. 
Ah ... yes... about that...
THREE HUNDRED GATSBY!
Gatsby shuffled and tried to keep from looking at Alanna. He was pretty sure his heart would stop if he had to suffer her gaze again. Gatsby sighed and searched for some strength. Somehow he had thought time was going to make this easier. How wrong he had been.
I am... sorry... Alanna.
Sorry?! SORRY?! Alanna's voice, usually calm and serene was shrill, piercing the depths of the palace. Several of the servants had already requested leave for today when they heard that Gatsby was coming. Those unfortunate enough to be there were trying to find work far enough away that they wouldn't hear the ensuing storm. Sadly, there was no such place.
THREE HUNDRED!
Yes. You... mentioned that. Gatsby muttered at his feet.
Gatsby summoned up the courage to look at Alanna. She was quivering with rage. Gatsby had never seen her this angry, not even when Gatsby had drenched a young Alanna in her brand new dress with a bucket of mud he carelessly had slung out the door. 
I truly am sorry. Gatsby walked up toward Alanna. It just wouldn't work Alanna. You were my best friend... are... my best friend.
Alanna took a deep breath and let it out. You left me there, on the most important night of my familys' life. The entire city had shown up for the dinner.
Don't you see? Didn't you get it? It was important to your family. It was important to my family, no one ever asked whether or not it was important to me. Whether it was important to you. Gatsby hated how hurt Alanna looked.
It was to be the dinner to announce the engagement between the Alkamire and the Ganton Tears welled in Alanna's eyes. The engagement, between you... and I. When you left, the relations between our clans were irreparably damaged. Your long absence has done nothing but emphasize it all the more.
Gatsby dragged one of the noble's chairs over to Alanna and sat down beside her. 
When you didn't show up... it killed me Gatsby. I thought you would at least get in touch with me. Explain to me why you hadn't shown up. But you never did. Did you know that I searched out your father? But he said you had left. He had no idea where you were. No one did. 
Gatsby laid his hand on Alanna's and felt the sorrow welling in him. He had never meant to hurt his closest friend. 
I travelled for a long time. His voice was so quiet at first, that the large room seemed to suck it out into the vacuous recesses.
I had no real idea of where I was going, I just had to leave. I couldn't go home, I couldn't see you. There was no where for me. As time passed, I found myself drawn back.
Gatsby drew a deep breath and let it out. 
Actually, I have been living not so far away from here for the past few years. Close to the caves where we played many years ago. 
A moment of silenced passed between them and Gatsby took Alanna in. She really was a stunning girl. 
Your friendship meant too much to me. I couldn't go down that path with you. I kept trying to tell you before that night, but every time I tried, I ... I just couldn't.
Alanna shook her head, You know it doesn't matter, 300 years, a thousand. My father is stubborn, he will insist on keeping you here and marrying us the first chance he has now. The opportunity to bring the Ganton and Alkamire together have consumed him Gatsby. You can't escape him now.
This isn't what you want Alanna... is it? 
Alanna looked down at her feet, No... no... of course not. But it's too late.
Seeing Alanna so utterly deflated stirred something in Gatsby. He wasn't used to seeing her be anything less than a rock in a storm. Even rocks wear down after a while he supposed. It wouldn't be so bad would it? Having to be with her forevermore? But that wasn't what he wanted. He wanted it to be the way it had always been. The two of them adventuring. Slinging insults, mud, whatever was around. Her father was a hard dragon to reason with, however. Alkamire Aqual. He was the founder of the Alkamire Dragons. He had so many sons and daughters that Gatsby couldn't see how the man could even keep their names straight. He was fairly certain there could be thousands of grandchildren by this time. It was an empire by family alone. Alanna however, was Alkamire's most precious daughter. The chosen heir to the Alkamire throne. He wanted a link to the Ganton Dragons more than anything. It made sense to him that the two children of the kings, the very best of friends should wed. 
Marriages in royal families were seldom about love. They were usually political moves that improved their position on the social ladder, or increased the power of the throne. In his own family, marriage was often a way of gaining wealth. 
Suddenly it came to Gatsby, maybe there was a way out!
Alanna! Your father, all he really cares about is the connection to the Ganton Dragons right?
Alanna's deeply contemplative look was finally broken by an expression of obvious confusion. It's the most important thing to him in the world.
A slow and gradual smile crept across Gatsby's face. He would have to apologize to Thomas someday. 
The connection to the Ganton Dragons is a powerful one, for sure. 
He paused for effect. 
But what about a link to another world? To someone so powerful that they can cross the boundaries of time and space?
Alanna was frowning at Gatsby. She knew something was up. What are you thinking Gatsby?
I happen to know a human who has just travelled across dimensions to get here. I am travelling with him currently. 
Gatsby was fairly sure he had a way out now. Alanna wouldn't be able to deny it. 
As far as I am aware, there is only one other human who has ever been able to do this before. He's the reason why we have travelled to BlueShift. My companion is trying to find out what happened to him, and I believed that possibly, you might know.
Alanna nodded. The dimensional wizard. Edric Greenshoot. He became ruler of Westminster!
Indeed? Well, that sounds favourable. Do you think your father would consider letting our matter settle for a connection to such an individual?
Alanna was stunned. Her eyes bulged beneath her heavy frown. Was Gatsby trying to pawn her off on a total stranger? 
Now before you get angry, just listen. This will free both of us! He's a traveller, he can exit and enter this realm as he pleases. You marry him, your father thinks he's getting a link to another dimension and a powerful wizard. In reality he will last roughly 100 years... he will probably leave here long before then. You will be married in name, but in reality, you'll be free. I will be free. We can go on living our lives as it was before. It's brilliant Alanna! 
A wave of adrenalin washed over him like a river of wine in which he bathed. He dared let himself believe that freedom might be attainable for the first time in centuries. He felt a little bad for Thomas, but it would be in name only, and he was sure that the Alkamire Dragons would be a valuable asset for Thomas. Three hundred years and the key to unlock the box he had been trapped in had finally fallen right into his lap.
Of course my father might be a little disappointed, but that's a matter for another time. He hoped that was the case. His father could be brutal.
Alanna was just about to say how ridiculous it was when she stopped herself. As a princess, she needed to think about this from all angles before answering. Their parents had set up the marriage without their consent. How was this any different? At least they were in control of this. Gatsby seemed to see Alanna only as a comrade. Someone to hang around with. The truth was, she really did love Gatsby. She always had. She had allowed herself to get into trouble for 'conduct not befitting of a princess' more than once in order to be close to Gatsby. If the three hundred years of absence hadn't made his feelings clear, talking to him now had cemented them. It was obvious now that he didn't reciprocate her affections. He had gone to great lengths to avoid this for so long. Now he was scheming to get out of their relationship. This wasn't how she wanted his affection. Tied by parents and politics, it would never work. 
Gatsby was literally sitting on the edge of his seat, basking in the euphoria of his idea, waiting for Alanna to go along with his crazy plan. She did her best to mask her disappointment, but she never really had allowed herself to believe it would end any other way.
On the other hand, working with Gatsby, she would have a better chance of showing him what he was missing. Married to this human wizard... in name only... hmm. This wizard was travelling with Gatsby now... she would have to travel with her new fianc as well. Her father wouldn't like it of course, but if they were to be married, she didn't think that he would argue too much about her tagging along with her new fianc after Gatsby had ran off for three hundred years the last time. At least if she was with this human, he would have a hard time running away. This really might work. The wizard must have meant quite a bit to Gatsby to risk coming to BlueShift. Alanna couldn't help but feel a slight pang of jealousy. On the whole, she felt a little bit better. Gatsby may have his plans, but she had her own as well.
I will have to think about this Gatsby. 
 Alanna decided to change the subject for the moment.
Gatsby? Why exactly are you here? I don't believe it's to see me obviously. Are you really here to help this companion of yours? He is a wizard after all. Couldn't he have managed this on his own?
He had to think quick! Telling her that Thomas was going to visit Edric Greenshoot in order to figure out how to get back to his own world would undermine his whole plan. She had to believe that he was a powerful wizard or none of this would work. He didn't want to lie to her anymore than he already had. 
Thomas, the human I am travelling with, wishes to see Edric. As they are both wizards from the same realm, I imagine they have things to discuss. He's unfamiliar with our world, and needs someone to guide him. I agreed to take him to someone who could help, and as I was mentioning earlier, I believed that you would have the best knowledge of what might have happened to this other human that passed through here, so I brought him to you.
Alanna smiled, It seems that you have found your liaison then. 
What do you mean?
You need someone to get you an audience with Edric right? The Alkamire dragons do have the best relationship with the humans at Westminster. I will go along to facilitate a meeting between you.
Gatsby gaped. You?! Your father will never agree to that! Anyway, I really think that it would better for both of us if you stayed here.
Alanna scoffed. Surely you don't expect me to let you leave with my future husband on an adventure, leaving me alone again, do you?
Gatsby's eyes narrowed. What are you up to Alanna?
Me up to? Simply keeping my eyes on you and this Thomas. You don't believe that I would entrust you with my future again after the last time, do you? 
Gatsby sighed, It sounds like you have made a decision.
I still need to think about it a little Gatsby. It's a lot to digest. Give me time. Meanwhile, you are free to roam around BlueShift as you like, however, the gates have been notified and you are not to leave the city. Gatsby turned to leave and Alanna added, And don't try to fly out of here. A single red Dragon among a sea of blue will stick out.
Gatsby nodded, Of course. I will leave you in peace. I have others to visit here I haven't seen in a very long time. Also I should check in on Thomas. He's a good kid. He talks a little too much but what child doesn't at his age?
Just how old is he Gatsby? Alanna was wondering just what sort of match she was being sold into.
Fourteen I believe. Human years. But they grow fast. Faster than weeds. He will catch up to you in the blink of an eye.
Alanna nodded slowly. 
Gatsby turned and let out a breath he had been holding since the beginning of their meeting. Things were turning around for him. Now all he had to do was figure out how to tell Thomas. Well... if Thomas expected help out of his mess, then he would have to agree to help Gatsby out of his own. Still, Gatsby did feel a little bad about doing this without Thomas' consent.
As Gatsby left the palace, he felt the presence of a shadow. Not the kind that they had encountered earlier. The kind that was meant to keep track of him, and make sure that he didn't leave BlueShift without the princess' consent. Despite the presence of his unseen companion, he felt the stress of years of running starting to melt away. For the first time in nearly three hundred years he was going to be free. The Shadow really didn't bother him, he had no intention of abandoning his only chance to set his life straight.
CHAPTER 9
ESCAPE
Thomas hung from the top branch of a really tall old tree, one arm outstretched toward the open window a few feet away, the other desperately hanging on to the reed-thin extremities of the ancient branches he was on. He didn't want to look down. He knew very well how far up he was. Far enough for those strolling along below to look significantly smaller. Luckily no one had noticed him scaling the tree. It was in behind the palace in an area that seemed to be fairly quiet. 
Summoning up all his courage and strength, Thomas sprang from the tree he was in and grappled the window sill. For a moment Thomas started to slide backwards toward the distant ground, but he managed to pulls his arm up over the sill, and grab the inside of the window ledge to pull himself into the hall of the outer castle wall. Now all that was left was to find Gatsby. He hoped that he was alright. 
Thomas looked back out the window and gulped. He hoped he could find another way back out.
The passageway was fairly plain. There was the same beautiful stonework done in blues and grey that he had seen all around the palace wall, but there was little in the way of decoration or furniture. He couldn't help but wonder once again why bother to build the walls when nearly the entire city could fly.
Thomas trekked down the hall for a while, looking for some way into the main Palace grounds. No guards, and not a sound. The quietness of this place was almost creepy. A voice then pierced the quiet of the halls. THREE HUNDRED YEARS! Thomas was so startled he almost backed out of an open window. Whoever belonged to that voice was not a happy person. He shivered and pressed on. 
After a time he found a passageway that seemed to lead in toward the centre of the castle. This might be what he was looking for. Being careful to keep quiet, he sneaked down the hall until he came to another junction where he could turn left or right. Thomas was about to go right when he heard a noise that told him someone was drawing nearer. The acoustics of the hall made it almost impossible to discern whether the noise was coming from the left or right. In a panic Thomas scanned the passage until he saw a door he could duck into. Dashing as quickly and quietly as possible across the hall, Thomas tried the door. Luck! The door was open! He slipped in and swiftly closed the door, holding the latch down to make sure it didn't click behind him. As Thomas waited for the footsteps to retreat, he turned around to take a look at the room he had hastily ducked into.
Thomas' jaw nearly dropped to the ground. He was in a bedroom, but not like any bedroom he had ever seen in his life. It was incredible. The room was huge. On the walls were intricate tapestries of dragons engaged in battles . The dresser looked to be made of something similar to marble. The carving of it so fine and detailed, he couldn't imagine how long it would have taken to create. Various tables, display cabinets and furniture were adorned with all manner of sculptures made out of gold, jade, and lapis lazuli. What really drew Thomas' attention though, was the bed in the middle of the chamber. It looked like it was hand carved out of the largest tree to ever exist. Dragons twisted around the posts that led up to a canopy. The canopy looked like branches that were bending to the will of the bed, creating cover for the top. Thomas stood in awe of the masterpiece, taking in it's intricate details. He completely lost track of time examining the bed, running his hand over the ancient, smooth polished surface. He was so engaged that he almost didn't notice a pair of footsteps stop at the door. 
Thomas panicked. He knew if he got caught in a room with all these treasures that it could only end badly. As quickly as he could, he bounded across to the largest of the posts supporting the canopy, and scaled it to the top. Just as the door was opening, Thomas pulled himself up on top of the canopy. Closing his eyes, Thomas said a silent prayer, hoping that the canopy would hold. He was so nervous that he was having trouble regulating his breathing.
*****
Alanna was still a little stunned by her meeting with Gatsby. The enormity of what Gatsby had just suggested was just starting to sink in. She was so distracted that she fumbled with her keys for a couple of minutes before remembering that she had left the door open. Alanna rolled her eyes and stuffed the keys back into her satchel. She was going to have to think about how to approach the king with this. Even though she knew that he would have to go along with it, it wasn't going to make it any easier to discuss it with him. He was a wonderful father, but he could be quite moody. 
Sighing, Alanna opened the latch on the door and stepped into her room. 
*****
Thomas tried his best to blend in with the top of the canopy. Meanwhile he prayed the branches would continue to hold him. He realized now that this wasn't real wood after all. The bed had been so masterfully crafted to look like wood that he hadn't noticed the distinctly hollow feel to the branches until he reached the top. 
Thomas peeked between the branches as he fought to keep a grip on sides of the bed. Into the room stepped the most beautiful woman that he had ever seen in his entire life. She was silhouetted against the light that poured in from the hall but the light coming down from some windows up high in the vaulted ceiling gave the room enough ambiance that he could make out the silky long dark brown hair flowing down the woman's back. She looked about seventeen or so in terms of human years. Given that she was probably a dragon, she would be quite a lot older he imagined. She wore a form fitting blue satin dress that cut off just above the knee. Her legs continued with blue tinged stockings. She was amazing.
*****
Alanna yawned, stretched, and laid down on the bed. It was true, she had known Gatsby since they were children. She was always a little older, but that had never bothered her. He had always treated her with the respect of a prince. But it was more than that. She sighed. She was doing that quite often today. She certainly had her work cut out for her. Of course she had a plan. Two plans actually. Gatsby's plan was to use the human to get out of the relationship between them. Her plan was to use this time to seduce Gatsby. The only wild card was the human. Would he go along with it? She would have to pay special attention to him. Make him sympathize with her plight and hope that he had the honour to help her.
*****
The lady on the bed never looked up. Not exactly. She seemed distracted. If she had looked up, she would have seen a mess of branches with a pair of eyes staring down at her. 
Thomas gazed at the woman, The expression on her face was so distant. Thomas sighed quietly. Her eyes... were amazing. He had always thought it was corny when someone said they could get lost in another person's eyes, but that's exactly what was happening to him. Thomas was so engrossed that he didn't notice the branches starting to give. CRACK! Oh crap! exclaimed a startled Thomas.
*****
Alanna was lost in thought when her bed suddenly made a sharp crack. She looked up and her canopy seemed to exclaim Oh crap! Alanna didn't have the time to be confused as someone crashed down through the canopy and landed directly on top of her.
*****
The next thing Thomas heard after landing was a shrill scream. It was an odd juxtaposition of feeling sheer terror at what had and was going to happen, and the utter joy of being so close to such a gorgeous creature. Thomas fumbled for words as he broke out of his daydream. I... I am so sorry... he stammered as he tried to jump back off the bed and through the debris.
The girl merely screamed again. Thomas stumbled back and into a large display case full of crystal dragon figurines. Luckily for Thomas the shelf stopped him from stumbling into a sword display, unluckily for him the display cabinet continued on in the direction he had been going, throwing all of the figurines onto the floor and utterly obliterating them.
You! How DARE you! My collection! Thief! Vandal! Vagrant! The girl jumped out of the bed and grabbed what looked like, but was a little longer than, a standard wooden kendo stick, off the wall. Thomas didn't have time to appreciate the difference as she swung the heavy looking stick for his head. Thomas ducked just in time. The weapon continued on, wiping out another collection of what looked like Faberge eggs, or something similar. Either way, it looked expensive. The girl let a strangled scream rip from her throat.
Thomas realized that sticking around at this point and trying to explain, probably wasn't going to work out in his favour. He dashed toward the door. As he did, the sword came crashing down on his back. 
Thwack! 
Thomas stumbled headlong into the solid wood door nearly knocking himself senseless. The girl moved on him, growling like a wild animal.
Please if I could.... but Thomas didn't get a chance to say anymore as the girl swung the heavy wooden shaft down on him again. He barely dodged in time to hear the sound of the weapon hitting the stone floor beside him. Then he noticed she was standing on an elegant looking carpet. As quickly as he could, he reached out to grab the carpet with both hands and hauled with all his might sending her stumbling backward, landing on her backside where shards of broken figurines lay all over the floor.
Another piercing scream.
Thomas took the moment to grab the door and yank it open. He dived down the hallway and started to run. Where didn't matter... as long as it was away. Behind him he could hear the girl screaming as he rounded a corner. 
HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELP! There's an intruder!!! Guards!!! 
Great... just what he needed. Well? What did he expect? He would be lucky to get out of this in one piece. As Thomas bolted down another corridor he came to a sudden stop. Up ahead were some rather unfriendly looking men in full armour thundering down the hall toward him. Great. He changed direction and ran back the way he came. He wasn't sure which would be worse, running into those armoured Goliaths, or having to run into that girl again. He felt trapped. Then he noticed a small staircase that led off to the side. He hadn't noticed it the first time that he ran past. Quickly as he could, he darted to the side and ran down the staircase. He could hear the guards go lumbering past above him. It wouldn't take them long to figure out that he wasn't heading that direction anymore. Desperately Thomas looked around for a way out. 
He was in what appeared to be a kitchen. There were halls that led in and out, but what caught his eye was a large trap door on the side of the wall. Thomas bounded over to the door and lifted it up. The stench of centuries of refuse drifted up from the trench below. Obviously this was where the garbage from the kitchen was dumped. He was just about to rethink jumping in when he heard more sounds coming from above as well as from the passages leading to the kitchen. Great! They were getting organized. Sorry Gatsby, you're on your own! Thomas held his breath and jumped into the chute.
 To say what was in the chute was disgusting would be an understatement. To try to describe it would be futile as there were literally no words that could. The scraps of thousands of meals over centuries, and, as Thomas slid down the uniquely textured slide, he realized that it was joined by other chutes that, while carrying waste, were not carrying kitchen waste. Thomas wanted to cry. 
The chute finally opened up and Thomas shot out through the air and landed in a large cart, a long string of disgusting muck spewing out on top of him covering all but his head. Thomas now knew what it would be like to be a worm. 
He was just about to get up when the cart started to move. It seemed it was on its way to the dump, carrying Thomas away from his troubles at the palace. As disgusting as his current ride was, he decided it was a fair bit better than having to face that girl again. As the cart passed the gate and rolled down the streets, Thomas let out the breath he had been holding, and it had nothing to do with the smell.
*****
Alanna seethed. Limping over to the window she looked out over the courtyard. It appeared, somehow, the intruder had gotten away. More than Alanna's pride had been hurt. She didn't think she had gotten all of the pieces of crystal out from her fall. She didn't know if she would be able to sit down without grimacing for quite some time.
This was the first time in hundreds of years that someone had dared break into the castle. Obviously, the thief had taken the news that Gatsby was meeting the princess as the ideal distraction to steal her precious collection of artifacts. Alanna hobbled over to her room's door and closed her eyes sadly at the sight of the destruction in her room. True, most of the damage had been her own doing, but at least the thief hadn't managed to get anything. Anger bubbled inside of her. She was going to find that boy, and make him wish he had never been born.
CHAPTER 10
AGREEMENT
Gatsby walked with a spring in his step and a slight wobble to his walk. He had spent a little longer than he had expected the previous night out drinking with his friends. He had been feeling good about life. Gatsby suddenly sobered a little. He had not been thinking much about Thomas on his drinking binge, but the truth was starting to sink in now that he neared Glen's home. He started to feel a little worried. What if Thomas didn't go along with this? Hopefully Thomas would help him out of his fix. Once Thomas met Alanna, he was sure it would be alright. Alanna was really a stunning girl. Gatsby smiled to himself. Likely Thomas would be struck like a lovesick puppy. He was worrying too much. Picking up the spring in his step again, Gatsby came to the door of Glen's peculiar house. On the front door was a note with a round glob of wax that had been stamped by the royal seal, and addressed to Gatsby. Gatsby hastily opened the letter and read it.
Gatsby,
I have considered your offer. I will be there 10 marks after the moon. 
Alanna.
Brief. But it was promising. Gatsby felt reassured. Opening the front door, Gatsby sauntered into Glen's abode.
The first thing Gatsby noticed as he entered Glen's house was the smell. It smelled like death incarnate. Mud adorned the floors and led up the stairs. Glen obviously wasn't home. The man had such a cleaning fetish that should even the slightest speck of dust catch his eye, he would be ordering Tritton to get there on the double to clean up the ghastly mess. He must have been on night watch. Which left Gatsby to wonder how the mess had got there. Gatsby suddenly felt a little worried. He really shouldn't have left Thomas alone on his first night in BlueShift, but there was virtually no crime here, and he had been reasonably sure he would be safe.
Gatsby swiftly made his way up the spiralling staircase to the tower. As he feared, the mud led directly to Thomas' sleeping quarters. Gatsby gingerly opened the door and peeked in. There on Thomas' bed slumbered a mass of mud that, Gatsby could only guess, was Thomas. Glen was going to kill him.
Thomas! What happened?!
A groan emitted from the mound of mud on the bed. 
Thomas? Are you okay?
Another groan. A minute later the mound of mud moved. G.... Gatsby? cackled Thomas from beneath the slime and muck.
Gatsby was at a loss for words. Thomas... it may be okay to wander in to houses covered in mud where YOU come from... but here it's considered a little bit... rude.
Please Gatsby, I've had the worst night of my life. Considering the nights I have been having lately, that's saying a lot.
Well one thing is for sure, you are going to have to clean up before Glen get's back. Gatsby added, I have something important to discuss with you after you're done. 
Thomas felt like an elderly man the day after finishing an iron man competition. Gatsby avoided asking him about the mud for the moment. He had something more important to focus on. He hoped Alanna didn't see Thomas like this. It was already 9 and a half marks after the moon. She could be here at any moment.
Thomas, I really don't mean to hurry you, but you are going to have to clean up fast. We are going to be having some rather important company. 
Mmm. Was all Thomas could manage as he shuffled off to the bathing room.
Gatsby worked hard to clean the mud off the floors. He noted it was quite resilient. Whatever Thomas had gotten himself into, wasn't interested in leaving Glen's floors. Between the viscosity, hue and dubious odour, he decided it was probably better not to know. 
Eventually Thomas emerged from the bathroom looking almost human, except for...
Thomas? Again, I must ask... what happened to you? Thomas was bruised all over his face and back. He had lacerations on his arms. Maybe he hadn't been playing around after all. Did someone attack you?
Thomas looked at him with a smile that conveyed anything but happiness. You might say that Gats.
 Thomas lowered himself into a chair carefully. I got beat with a wooden sword, ran into a wooden door, got dumped into a refuse chute, bludgeoned yet again by a refuse cart driver with a mean shovel, and finally chased by dog like creatures for half the night.
Thomas gingerly touched one of his many bruises only to draw his hand back with a slight gasp.
What are those things called anyway? Thomas was getting tired of thinking of them as 'dog-like' creatures. 
What are what things?
The overgrown hairballs that you brought with you. 
Ah. You must be talking about the orchies. 
Seriously? They're called orchies? Thomas rolled his eyes. Why was it anything dog-like would end up with some form of odd name. Poodle for instant. Poo with a dle on the end. Corgi reminded Thomas of corks and wiener dogs? Thomas wasn't going to touch that one.
Whatever they are called, they aren't all that friendly.
But this is such a nice place! How.... Gatsby shook his head and decided the answer was probably longer than what he had time for at the moment. Look, I'll let it drop for the moment. I have something I have to talk to you about.
If it's about the palace and the wonderful time you had there, trust me Gats, I am not interested. 
As a matter of fact, in a way it is.
Thomas sighed. Alright, tell me what's up. I was worried after you disappeared yesterday. It sounded like you were in some pretty big trouble.
I have been in trouble for quite a while Thomas. Gatsby resigned. 
Gatsby proceeded to tell his life story. His arranged marriage to Alanna, the past three hundred years, and his meeting with Alanna last night.
 ... Alanna was a little more reasonable than I had thought she might be. In fact, Alanna and I came to an agreement of sorts... Gatsby said a little nervously.
Thomas glared at Gatsby. Why do I have a bad feeling about this Gatsby?
Bad feeling? Gatsby laughed nervously and mopped his forehead with the back of his hand. Nothing bad! In fact, I have some great news! Alanna agreed that if I could find another to marry her, more powerful, more prestigious, I would be free of my obligation to Alkamire Dragons. Gatsby's mouth was parched. His eyes darted around the room searching out a water pitcher but there was none to be seen. 
I told her about the powerful wizard I met who... travelled across dimensions and how that would be a much better alliance for the Alkamire Dragons than I.
Thomas goggled. You WHAT?! Gatsby?
I told you this was wonderful news! You've barely been here a few days and you are already making powerful acquaintances! Gatsby swallowed, which made him almost choke on his lack of saliva. I told her that you would... marry her.
Thomas sat there stunned. The previous nights events fleeing his mind momentarily. You threw me under the bus to save your own hide?!
Gatsby looked at Thomas in confusion. Under the what?
Thomas clenched his fists. Never mind! I can't get married! I'm 14!!! You never even asked me! Gatsby! You can't do this to me! Why don't you just marry her!
Gatsby was afraid this was how it might go. He tried to explain hurriedly before things got out of hand and...well before Alanna showed up. Thomas! It's in name only! You're right, you are human. You likely will find a way back to your world, and then the wedding will be meaningless. There will be no way for the dragons to follow you, and no one there is likely to hold you to a marriage with someone they would probably believe to be a figment of your imagination. Gatsby caught his breath and tried to calm the tone a little. You get married to her. It frees me Thomas. If I get married to her. I am stuck with her for a life-time. In terms of dragon's lives, that's an awfully long time Thomas. Dragons don't get married whimsically. They know the type of commitment they are getting into.
Thomas gritted his teeth. You didn't even talk to me. You didn't ask me. Was this your plan all along Gats? You were leading me here like a lamb to the slaughter? A peace offering for this princess of yours?
No! Of course this was never my intention. I had hoped that we would be able to slip in and out of BlueShift without the princess ever being the wiser. I don't believe that Glen would betray us. I fear someone in the streets must have recognized me. Dragons have long memories.
Are you kidding? It has to be Glen. He hasn't been here since the guards took you away. I think he fears what he will find when he returns.
Gatsby pondered that. He thought that Glen was a good friend and wiser than that. But the truth was, Glen had never understood why he hadn't married Alanna. He had called him crazy on more than one occasion.
Look Thomas, I wouldn't ask you if I didn't think this would work. I can't ask anyone from this world. Someone from here would be hunted down no matter where they tried to hide. There would be no place too far that the Alkamire Dragons wouldn't search. Believe me, I know from experience.
Thomas frowned and looked hard at Gatsby. He liked Gatsby. He could understand the predicament he was in, and sympathize... but this type of commitment scared the heck out of him. 
I am going to have to think about it Gats. 
Gatsby looked at Thomas encouraged. Of course... as long as you don't take too long.
How long do I have? asked Thomas with a sudden feeling a little suspicious.
A loud knock came at the door.
About 30 seconds I would say. replied Gatsby.
Thomas' eyes shot open and he whipped his head around to the door and back to Gatsby. You mean? 
Unless that is Glen back from night watch, I imagine that you are about to meet the future Mrs Kindercook. 
Thomas cursed under his breath.
*****
Alanna made her way slowly to the door of Glen's... unique house. The guard she had sent to follow Gatsby around had, as instructed, let her know that he had come back home. She'd known Gatsby long enough to get the feeling he was sincere about his plan, but she couldn't take the chance that he would try to run again. If her father found out that he had been here, and she had let him escape... no... it definitely couldn't come to that. 
Alanna took a deep breath and knocked. She didn't expect Tritton or Glen to answer the door as they were staying at the palace. Glen was terrified of 0what Gatsby would do to him once he figured out it was Glen who had betrayed Gatsby. Tritton merely thought it was better not to get involved in whatever ensuing storm was brewing.
There was a moment of unease and Alanna was beginning to worry that Gatsby was going to try to run again. But then, ever so slowly the door opened.
Alanna! Come in. Gatsby's demeanour was of a gitten being dangled before the mouth of a rorch, doing everything it could to distract the rorch and get away. He motioned for Alanna to enter the house. 
Thomas has gone to his room to neaten up before meeting you. Gatsby pulled out a chair and motioned to Alanna. Please, won't you sit down? 
Alanna winced slightly. I think it would be better if I stood, thanks anyway. 
There was a strange smell in the room. Something distinctly putrid mixed with cleaning agents. She wondered if a gitten had died under the floor. 
Gatsby nodded. Then some tea? I'm not sure where Tritton is, but I can make a fairly good cup myself... 
No that's fine. Alanna cut off Gatsby. I would rather just get to the point of it. 
Gatsby couldn't breath. His whole life lay in this moment. You've made a decision?
I may have. But I want to meet this Thomas before I am sure. 
Gatsby smiled. This was going wonderfully! He had never imagined that it would all go so smoothly!
Of course! I will go check on him then. I will be right back!
Gatsby swept out of the room. A few moments later Gatsby came back with another individual. 
Thomas, I would like you to meet Princess Alanna Aqual. 
Thomas' mouth dropped open. 
At first Alanna didn't know what to make of this bruise covered individual. He looked like a hooligan who had been brawling in the streets. He looked like he might be a sewer worker, or a farmer or... recognition finally dawned on her. The VAGRANT! Alanna's eyes flared open with anger. So much for playing the sympathy card.
Thomas just stood and glared at the princess.
Gatsby stood confused, looking at one, then the other. Alanna looked like she had accidentally swallowed her best dress and Thomas looked as if he had just met the ultimate evil. Everything had seemed to be going so well. What was going on here? No one was saying anything, so Gatsby coughed to break the uncomfortable silence. Um, you can't know each other... can you?
Thomas looked like he was about to snarl. Alanna... he knew that look. She looked like she was going to kill someone.
Alanna was the first to speak. When she did, it was with an icy tone that made the previous day seem like a picnic amongst friends.
Gatsby. I need to talk to Thomas alone.
Gatsby looked perplexed. uh... alone?
Alanna turned to look at Gatsby. 
Uh... right... alone. 
A very confused Gatsby walked out of the house into the sunlit morning of a bright new day, leaving behind a storm inside.
So. Alanna began. So. My assailant from the previous night, who attacked me in my bed, is now to be my husband?. She locked her gaze with Thomas'. I should have known it was you when I smelt dead gitten!
This from the girl who tried to split my head open with a stick and break my eardrums with her horrendous screams. Thomas spat. You didn't even let me talk before turning the guards on me.
You were hiding on top of my BED! What was I supposed to do? Wait for you to assassinate me or worse?
I said sorry, but you didn't even give me a chance! Thomas' voice quivered with anger. Thanks to this girl he had spent one of the worst nights of his life running from this danger to that.
Oh that's just great. Sorry miss, I didn't mean to try to kill you! I am supposed to wait until you try to attack me again?
I didn't attack you! The canopy gave way!
You pulled the carpet out from under me!
Big deal! You tried to split my head open and lambaste my back! I'm pretty sure if I hadn't got out of your room, I wouldn't be here to enjoy your sweet disposition today.
So if you weren't there to attack me, and you weren't a thief, just exactly why were you there?
Thomas opened his mouth and closed it again. Alanna smiled as if she had caught Thomas in a lie. 
Gatsby knew Alanna, and it seemed Alanna hadn't thrown him in the dungeon for being absent those three hundred years. Maybe she could be reasoned with. I was following Gatsby.
Gatsby wasn't in my room. Alanna said matter of factually
Thomas cursed. Was she trying to be difficult on purpose? I didn't know where Gatsby was. If I had known what you were like before going there... I would have looked for a hangmans noose first. As it was, the way Gatsby was dragged off yesterday, I thought at least he may have been held somewhere.
Ha! You are one to talk. Had I known that Gatsby was suggesting a marriage to a sewer dweller, I just might have shown him the noose! 
You didn't exactly show me the proper way out, princess! The only exit I could find, left me less than in my best dressed state.
Oh I think that you found the right way out! You should consider yourself lucky for getting out at all!
Thomas let a heartless laugh escape him, At least I'm relatively sure I'm off the hook as far as this idea of a marriage is concerned. I can't believe I was considering it!
That stopped Alanna for a second. She had been letting emotion control her up until now. She was losing control of the situation and her chance to win over Gatsby was quickly fleeing in refuse stained clothing.
With considerable effort, Alanna smoothed her features and tried to approach the situation in a more civilized tone.
This arrangement wasn't for Gatsby alone. It will free me as well. Don't think that I will throw it away so easily.
Thomas couldn't believe what he was hearing. You can't seriously think that I would still go through with this after all I've been through. Where I come from, you would be thrown in prison for beating your spouse!
And you should be beheaded for attacking royalty. Alanna interjected. 
Thomas was just about to make a cutting quip again when it sunk in that Alanna might be hinting that it was still a possibility.
Alanna smiled inwardly. She realized that getting this human to empathize with her may not be the best way to deal with him. There was another emotion, a more effective emotion that she could draw on. Fear. But if this wizard was as powerful as Gatsby suggested, she would have to play this carefully.
I see you understand. Alanna decided to sit down. Something she had been avoiding all morning. Alanna winced as she let her weight take over the action of sitting. Did she see the human stifle a smile? This boy was infuriating!
I came here to tell Gatsby of my decision. I wanted to make sure that you were going to sincerely co-operate. Now that we know it's in your best interest to go along with this, I am confident that we can proceed.
Thomas coughed. You're serious?! You can't do this! You can't blackmail someone into marrying you!
I'm quite serious! I couldn't have been given a better situation. This way is much better than what I had planned. At least I know you will be committed to me completely.
Thomas was about to say something undignified, but quickly reconsidered. He needed to think. For now he would have to go along with it, but he couldn't fully hide the contempt from his voice. As you wish, your highness. 
Thomas stormed off toward the door when Alanna added, Would you send Gatsby in dear? We have much to discuss.
Thomas glared at Alanna and slammed the door.
Alanna smiled. This was going to be easier than she had anticipated. A sudden sharp pain from her behind ruined her moment of satisfaction. She really should have someone look at it. She was sure there was still some crystal stuck there, but her pride had taken enough of a beating for one lifetime.
CHAPTER 11
LAYING IN WAIT
Thomas stormed out of the door and screamed in frustration. Gatsby, who was just standing down at the end of the sidewalk, jumped and turned around.
Thomas? Are you alright? 
Her royal royalness would like to see you. 
Gatsby knew something was going on beyond his knowledge of the situation, and it bothered him. What's going on Thomas? The minute you two saw each other, it was as if all life had been sucked out of the room.
Why don't you ask the queen of vinegar! I have never met a more infuriating girl than her! Thomas shook his head, I can't believe that you two were friends!
Gatsby felt sick to his stomach. He felt he knew the answer to his next question already. So then... I am guessing you aren't... going to help me then... 
Thomas stood with his hands clenched in fists, visibly quivering. I'll help. Thomas said in a deadly low voice.
Really?! Gatsby let go of a sigh of relief. Oh Thomas, I am so glad, when I saw you come....
I SAID I WILL HELP! I DON'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT GATSBY! Thomas screamed.
Gatsby nodded slowly, Ah... right... okay. Gatsby started to back up toward the door of the house. Well, uh, Alanna wishes to see me... Gatsby swung his hands together and clasped them in front. I better not keep her waiting... Gatsby turned from Thomas' uncomfortable hate filled gaze. He couldn't fathom what had happened between the two of them in such a short time. He knew that he should feel bad about what was happening, but he couldn't help feel just a tad optimistic. After-all he had spent three hundred years suffering, it was time for someone else to bear the load. 
Thomas decided it would be a good time to take a walk. A long walk. He marched around the city at a furious pace at first, just trying to wear the rage out of his system. Then slowed to a stroll, and sunk into deep thought. He understood that Alanna probably thought she was being attacked, but she had been just as pointed with her tongue this morning as she had been with the stick the previous night. 
Thomas wandered around in a daze for most of the day. As his mind cleared, he realized he was at a gate. He wasn't really sure where he was, but he was pretty sure that this gate was different from the one he had come in. The guard in the gatehouse called down to him. Heading out are you? 
Head out? Could he do that? Leave Gatsby here? With... that... girl? He had said he was going to help Gatsby, and he had looked so happy. But honestly, he had had no choice. At least that's what he'd thought. Now that he stood at the gate, he realized that maybe he could just run. There was no one to keep him from going! She was likely to kill him after she was done using him. At least Gatsby would probably survive, since they were actually friends at one point. It didn't make sense for him to risk his life over this.
Open the gate! Thomas called up to the guard. He tried to ignore the voice in his head screaming 'What are you doing?!
The guard disappeared into the gatehouse, and the gate slowly rumbled open. Thomas took a tentative step toward the gate, half believing that something would sweep down and kill him where he stood, but nothing happened. Thomas took another step, and then another. In fairly short order, Thomas found himself on a hillside outside BlueShift, before another wooded area. At least he thought it was a different wooded area than the one he had left. It was still deafeningly quiet. 
Now where? Thomas decided that they had been travelling roughly south on the way here, and it was supposed to be on the way, so he would continue south. With a bit of trepidation, Thomas started to trek into the forest, still lost in thought over the events of the previous days, unaware of the danger lurking in front of him.
*****
 The Shadow had been waiting for this moment since losing the human to Dragons of BlueShift the previous day. Now the human was outside its walls again, and even better! The human was alone. There was no one around that could protect him. The Shadow would have smiled if its features allowed it to. 
It decided it would wait until the human had travelled into the woods a ways. It was not going to mess up again. Its master wasn't that understanding. More than likely its master was already angry with it for not returning immediately with its prey.
The human was heading south toward Westminster. It was never going to make it there of course. With silent glee, the Shadow glided through the black void created by the ancient trees canopy overhead, taking an unfortunate snack here and there as it waited for the main course.
*****
Thomas had the distinct feeling he was being followed. Even worse, it was almost completely dark now. He hadn't been thinking too clearly when he left. He should have stayed out of the forest until daylight and then travelled, but he hadn't wanted to risk being caught by Alanna and her guards. Now his mind was on being caught by whatever it was that was following him. It wasn't long before he had his answer.
It started out like before. A thick mist started to build. Thomas didn't realize what was happening at first. When he noticed how thick the mist was getting he gasped. This was just like the night he had arrived at BlueShift. It had to be the Shadow that Gatsby had mentioned! 
He was hours away from BlueShift now. There was no way that he was going to get back there before whatever this Shadow was, got him. It was apparently scarey enough to scare a dragon, and that deeply concerned him. The mist was getting thicker around Thomas. It was hard to explain exactly what it felt like. He could only describe it as the mist was solidifying, physically getting thicker. It seemed to suck the light out of the surrounding forest, and materialize it in the form of this cold mass of swirling fog. Thomas had to stand and face whatever it was that was coming for him. He had no choice. Was there ever a point in the last few days that had control of the events happening around him?
Something dark formed in the centre of the mist. That something was vaguely humanoid, but undefined. Thomas didn't need to see the features to know that this was pure evil. Terror welled up inside of him, and he found himself unable to move.
*****
The Shadow took his time. He took delight in the dramatic. There was a certain unappreciated flare that one needed to have in order to be truly terrifying. Few ever were given the chance to appreciate it. Fewer still ever lived to tell of it.
His prey was there, stuck to the spot, the effect of his evil essence rooting him to the ground like a tree. Rooting ... him ... 
The Shadow was confused. This wasn't right. His master had sent him after a girl. Although this individual had the appearance of the individual in the bowl of seeing, it was not a girl. This wasn't good. If the Shadow brought the boy back to the master instead of a girl, the master would be angry. The Shadow knew what that anger could be like. It was one of the reasons there were so few of them left. 
The Shadow decided it would be smarter to return without the boy. At least then it wouldn't have made a mistake, it merely would be clarifying its instructions. the Shadow was unable to disobey instructions, the master knew this. He would understand that it couldn't bring a boy when he had asked for a girl. 
The Shadow turned to look at the boy one last time. Still the boy would make a nice morsel. The Shadow sighed inwardly. It would have to let the boy live for now. If it were to devour the boy and it was indeed the being that the master had asked it NOT TO HARM, he imagined that his usefulness would come to an end. Silently, the Shadow turned to leave and dissolved into the darkness of the forest from which it had come. It was a long trek back to Mount Rift, there was a lot of time to consider how the master would take this news.
*****
This was it. This was the end of a journey gone horribly awry. Apart from absolute fear, he felt sadness that his parents would never know what happened to him. He was just about to accept his fate when, as suddenly as it materialized, the Shadow disappeared.
Thomas found that he could move again. What had happened? Gatsby had said the Shadow never left people behind. He knew one thing for sure. He wasn't going to stand around waiting to find out. The question was, which way to go? Back the way he came? Or toward the unknown. Now that he had experience with the Shadow, he knew he didn't want to go through that again. In one direction, possible death by beheading, life imprisonment or worse, marriage. Of course if he went the other direction, he quite probably would get lost in this land he was a stranger in, or possibly suffer death by shadow. It was a hard decision.
It was nearing dawn by the time Thomas found himself at the gates of BlueShift again. Was he ever going to escape this place? The Shadow on the outside and Alanna awaiting inside, the walls of the city felt more like a prison rather than protection. Now that he had been into the forest, the forest itself felt like another type of prison. This world was a prison stealing him away from his home! The despair that Thomas was feeling was muted by the fact that he hadn't had a restful night in a long time, the fact that he was dead tired was more of a deciding factor to finally go back to BlueShift than anything else at this point. 
The gatekeeper called out to him Quite a long walk there sir! Not the safest time of day to go for a stroll though. Thomas didn't bother replying. He walked like a zombie into the city wondering what terrible thing it held for him next. Thomas sighed. He wasn't likely to get much sleep today either. He looked around at the buildings inside of the gate and uttered a curse under his breath. He hadn't been paying attention when he walked to this gate earlier. He supposed he would walk toward the palace, then figure it out from there.
CHAPTER 12
SURVIVING ETIQUETTE
Alanna sat in the same chair that she had been sitting in since the previous day. Gatsby had on several occasions asked if she had wanted to get some rest in the quarters upstairs. He had assured her that he'd cleaned most of the mess Thomas had brought in the previous day, but she had declined, insisting that they had a thousand things to sort out. The truth was, she was afraid of trying to get up. She feared that some infection may have spread through her wound, and she certainly didn't want Gatsby to learn about the first meeting between Thomas and herself. 
As the night had worn on, Alanna grew worried. Thomas had not come back. It hadn't occurred to her that she would need to set up surveillance for the person she was meeting. Why would she? She thought she was meeting a willing party! Unfortunately, the meeting had gone in quite a different direction than she had anticipated. When Thomas had stormed out and Gatsby had come in, her mind had been such a mess, that she had forgotten to consider that he may actually try to run the first chance he got. That had been a colossal mistake on her part. It was clear by the middle of the night that Thomas wasn't coming back. She had sent out her best guards to search for him, but eventually they all came back empty handed.
Gatsby had stayed with her, trying to reassure her that Thomas had agreed to their deal and that he would be back. It was nice of Gatsby, but Alanna noticed that every time he said this, he would grip the sides of his jerkin so tight his knuckles would go white. Gatsby had more at stake than Alanna.
It was in the early hours of the day, as the sun was not quite up, but close enough to cresting the Turusian mountains that the sky was brightening into an early morning fiery orange, and Alanna was realizing she was going to have to give up on Thomas that she heard the door faintly creak open. 
Thomas stiltedly walked into the room and stood there, not saying a single word.
Alanna's fear was immediately consumed by an intense anger. How dare he deliberately worry her like this!
Where in the world have you been?! Alanna demanded.
Out. Walking. Thomas replied, tired and resigned.
Alanna was about to unleash a barrage of pent up emotion on Thomas when Gatsby, sensing a relapse into disaster, intervened.
Good lord Thomas, you look like you are the walking dead. Would you like a cup of tea or something? You look half frozen.
Thomas looked to be in another world at the moment. He just stared at the chair in front of him. Gradually he nodded.
Great! Gatsby exclaimed. Thomas had really scared him. Gatsby was being silly, Thomas had probably just wanted an excuse to get out of the room after the previous morning. He couldn't really blame him. The atmosphere had been a little stormy.
Gatsby swept out of the room leaving the two of them alone once more. Alanna was hoping that Thomas would say something about where he had been, or at least proffer an apology. She already knew that she wouldn't accept it, but that was beside the point. It was only proper.
Alanna took a hard look at Thomas, trying to discern just exactly what it was that Gatsby saw in this boy. Thomas just stood there, ignoring her completely, which, did nothing to improve her mood or opinion of this human. So far her experience with him had been one misfortune after another. She really couldn't understand how someone as refined as Gatsby got stuck travelling with this troublesome young wizard. 
Alanna pursed her lips. He didn't even really look like a wizard. There was no air of power or majesty about him. He seemed utterly insignificant. She supposed that it really didn't matter to her, but he would need to be able to convince her father. Her father, that was fuel for the fire. If she was having a hard time being convinced of his social status and power, how were they ever going to convince him?
Well... at least you are here now I suppose. It was against her every fibre to try and be civil with this boy, but Alanna decided it would be smart to offer the first brick to build this unsteady foundation on. She had never been that good at keeping her emotions in check, but she could manage it if she concentrated on the goal hard enough. They wouldn't get anywhere if they continued to fight at every meeting.
You may as well sit down, we have quite a lot to go over.
Thomas appeared to break out of the trance that he seemed to be in. Excuse me? I'm cold and I'm tired! And you know what? I might even be a little bit cranky. Maybe dragons can go for days on end without proper sleep, but humans tend to get a little snippy if they don't get at least a few hours of rest each day. So... if you don't mind, the only thing I will be going over, is my bed. Right after I finish a cup of tea.
Alanna's lips tightened. Unfortunately for you, you will not be sleeping for quite a while I'm afraid. Alanna could feel that hidden gate holding her emotions back, faltering. She fought to keep her voice level.
The insolent boy was glaring at her again! He was really quite good at that. In his current state, hair messed, dirty... dark circles under his eyes, he looked every part a mad man. It made her feel a little uneasy. 
Your majesty, I have not slept in two days thanks, mainly, in part to you. Thomas paused before every word, as if carefully forming them in his mind before delivering them to her. I have been tolerant with you to this point Princess... don't believe that you can push me around as easily as you have been thus far.
What was that? It sounded a lot like a challenge. This boy DARED to threaten her?! Wizard or not, he would not stand a chance against her should she decide to show him her less civilized side. Would he? If he was powerful enough to cross dimensions, what else was he capable of? Gatsby hadn't really said a great deal about this boy's abilities. There were just too many things that she didn't know about this Thomas. Was he the only one of his kind? Was he a ruler in his own kingdom? Or a leader of a powerful guild of wizards. Too many questions. She didn't want to start a war between wizards and dragons. If it came to that, there was a chance that Westminster might get drawn in, as Edric, their leader, was the most powerful wizard in all of Alumia. If that happened... It was not good to think about that possibility. So it was that she sat there, feelings of anger and fear, swirling inside her like two vicious creatures attacking each other. Which ever won would determine how she handled Thomas. Her thoughts ranged from, 'I shall have you locked away for the rest of your miserable life!' to 'Perhaps we should have another cup of tea before we make any important decisions.' She was still contemplating her next reply when Gatsby swept back in to the room with a few cups of tea. 
Tea it would be then.
Getting acquainted you two? Thomas and Alanna swung their intense stares toward Gatsby who immediately coughed and tried his best to ignore the tension in the air.
Earl Grey tea, created by the Great Wizard Edric Greenshoot. I thought, as he and you are both trans dimensional wizards, that you may enjoy this Thomas. 
Alanna, of course, knew of the tea that Gatsby was talking about. Edric had become almost as famous for that tea as he had for being the ruler of Westminster. She had to admit that she liked it. In public she would have it black, but in secret, she preferred it with a shot of milk and sugar. 
Thomas held his cup for several moments before he sipped the tea. He looked like he was soaking up the heat as much as the tea itself. She wondered once again, just where it was that he had been all night.
As I was telling Thomas, we have a lot to go through. We need to get started immediately.
And as I was telling the princess here... I am not doing anything other than go to sleep. 
It was beginning to be Alanna's opinion that Thomas dug his heels in on principal. The king returns tomorrow, Thomas. 
Good for him. Let him wait for a couple of days, weeks... months... years really would be better for me.
I'm afraid that's not an option. replied Alanna coolly. As soon as he returns, he will find out that Gatsby is here. As soon as that happens, he will find Gatsby and push him into the marriage as fast as he can. We have to confront him before it comes to that.
Thomas sighed. I'm really not up to discussing anything. Besides, what is there to go over. You go to your dad, tell him that you... love... me... we... get.... mmm.... Thomas' eyebrows drew tightly together, Mmm....
Married, Thomas... The word is married. Honestly, would this boy ever be able to pull it off? It's not that simple. The king will need to believe that we are both really in love as well as your claimed rank as a trans dimensional wizard. He has to believe that matching the two of us together benefits the Alkamire Dragons more than a match to Gatsby for him to accept it. If he thinks we are trying to deceive him...
Alanna is right Thomas. The expression on Gatsby's face was very grave. The king isn't known for his good humour.
Thomas let out an mirthless laugh. At least I know it's genetic now.
Alanna's eyes shot open. WHAT is THAT supposed to mean?
I think you know what it means Princess. The only thing sharper than that sword of yours is your tongue!
Thomas! This is the daughter of the king of the Alkamire Dragons! You can't speak to her like that! exclaimed Gatsby.
Alanna gave an appreciating smile to Gatsby much as trainer might give a dog after completing a trick. Alanna then turned her attention back to the insolent boy. She had a bad temper did she? She was in complete control! Very well, she was going to show him only an even tempered, controlled princess.
Alright. Thomas, it is your decision. However, you should know, it won't be me that is punished for being caught in a lie.
Thomas let out a long frustrated groan. Fine. Let's get on with whatever you feel it is that I need to know.
Alanna felt exhaustion setting in. She was never going to make it through the day if this boy was going to make every step this difficult. It was going to be a long day for sure.
*****
The day wore on. Alanna tried to explain to Thomas the history of the Alkamire Dragons, but he was feeling so tired it was all a blur. She fabricated a story of how she had met Thomas travelling through The Dark woods to the north, and he had protected her from an attack by the Shadow. The Shadow evidently seemed to be the only thing the dragons had a fear of. There weren't too many creatures that would tangle with a dragon, but the Shadow was one of them. 
Alanna continued with the story of their meeting. After the encounter with the Shadow, they had been secretly meeting for months. At first as friends, but then their age difference seemed to disappear as time wore on. She decided that he would quickly grow into a man, and that she would wait for him to do so. The return of Gatsby had complicated things. Alanna had to reveal her relationship with Thomas out of fear that her father would try to pressure her into marrying Gatsby. As details of his love life unfolded before him, he dreamed of the room back at his grandfather's house.
The story isn't all that we have to work on Thomas. Alanna continued. I have had the court seamstress creating an outfit for you. We are going to have to go over proper etiquette for this sort of situation as well.
Thomas felt like pulling his skin off, but he had come to the realization that there was no point in arguing anymore. The best he could do, was try to get through this ordeal as fast as possible, and then try to get back to his own world. He couldn't afford this distraction. 
Gritting his teeth Thomas conceded. Alright. Fine. What is it you would have me do? 
Alanna smiled. This was the part of the ordeal she was going to enjoy. First of all, your posture is atrocious. Does everyone sit hunched over where you come from?
Pretty much. I think people used to sit straight in the old days. I think the chairs were so hard and uncomfortable that people tried to keep as little contact with them as possible. As chairs got more and more comfortable, the need to sit like you were tied to a post disappeared. Thomas wasn't really sure this was the reason, but it seemed reasonable enough.
Alanna tsk'd. It's amazing that you still retain the ability to walk. Alanna stood up quickly and immediately wished that she hadn't. Hours of sitting on an infected behind with shards of crystal still embedded inside, coupled with hours of sitting without moving caused her to bend forward like an old woman with a severe hunch. She involuntarily grunted and teared up. 
And you berate me for my posture. Thomas bent forward and cocked his head to the side so he could look Alanna in the eye. At least I can stand up straighter than this.
Alanna growled. 
I... think that I am going to leave you two in peace for a little. Gatsby was already aware of the direction this was heading and thought it would be better to leave before hell broke out again.
Thomas was about to protest when Alanna grabbed his arm with alarming ferocity and yanked. He thought that she was trying to throw him to the floor, but apparently she was trying to stand up straight. There were tears in her eyes. He guessed that she had been sitting for quite a while.
Alanna used Thomas as the focal point of her pain. She yanked him this way and that, straightening him out and tried to show him how to walk. She didn't seem too pleased with the way he shuffled his feet. She told him the way he stared down at the ground when he walked made him look a peasant, not an all powerful wizard. She chastised him when he picked his teeth which still had some unknown remnant of a foreign vegetable stuck between them. Honestly, what did she expect of him. She taught him to sit, talk, eat. Honestly. He felt like a dog.
Gatsby kept popping in once in a while. Whenever the coast seemed clear and they weren't shouting insults at each other, he would bring in food and drinks. He had just finished bringing some more tea in, when Alanna shoved Thomas back down into his chair. Thomas had heard of pushy girls before, but she was over the top.
Alanna grabbed a teacup, and cheerfully forced it upon Thomas. Perfect. You need to learn to drink properly. 
Alanna had taken on the voice of a badgering grandmother in the past few hours. At least she wasn't yelling at him anymore. Somehow, between poking him repeatedly in the stomach when his posture wasn't up to her standard, and digging a finger into his side when his attention wandered, they had finished insulting each other for the time being.
Learning to drink however. That was just a little too far. Thomas rolled his eyes, grabbed the teacup that Alanna was all but pushing into his hands, and took a fast swig. Mistake number one. The tea was still boiling hot. Thomas spat the tea out as fast as he had drank it in. He could already feel the skin coming loose from the roof of his mouth. 
I swear that your brain is always a few steps behind. Alanna cursed. You don't just suck it in and slam it down. This isn't a tavern. You are going to be in the presence of royalty, and you must keep eye contact with those in a higher station than you when you drink. In this case, that is my father. It's considered rude to do as you just did. 
And painful. Thomas took another stab at it. He grabbed the cup delicately, kept his eyes on Alanna's. Mistake number two. Her eyes were one of her most attractive features. It was hard to keep contact with them, but at the same time, he couldn't break away from them. He was losing his focus again. He knew he was supposed to be doing something here... what was it? There was a cup in his hand. It seemed to be approaching his mouth. Why was that? He found himself just wanting to stare into her eyes. That however, ended abruptly, when he realized that he had tipped the cup toward himself without trying to take a drink. 
Thomas vaulted out of the chair holding the crotch of his pants and screamed.
Alanna just sighed and shook her head. You really have problems doing more than one thing at a time, don't you? But you have made it crystal clear that you are not an assassin. If you were, I have my doubts you would still be around.
Thomas didn't bother replying as he knocked over a coffee table, a stand, and ended tangling himself in the carpet before crashing down to the floor.
Of course that doesn't rule out death by accident. You seem to pose a threat to everything around you.
Thomas pulled himself out of the carpet and continued hopping all over the room. Gatsby, who had been observing through a crack in the door to the kitchen, came barrelling into the room with towels. 
In any other scenario, she would have found this scene amusing, but with her father coming back home in less than a day, she wanted to cry. She wondered not for the first time, if they shouldn't call the whole thing off.
There is one last thing, Thomas. Alanna said as Thomas swatted Gatsby's hands away. Gatsby was intent on helping Thomas dry his pants.
As bad as the etiquette portion of their day had gone, she knew the next part was going to be the hardest to pull off.
We have to appear completely in love.
Thomas shrugged as he stood uncomfortably with his legs apart, trying to mop the dampness away with a towel.
You told me that already. Thomas said as he regained his composure slowly. 
Well that means more than just saying we are in love. For instance, when we are together, it might help if you didn't look so completely sour.
Thomas snarled. I don't think I have to explain why I am so sour to you.
Be that as it may, when I send the royal escort for you tomorrow, I expect that you will be absolutely charming, as I have been showing you today, and treat me as if I were the girl of your dreams. Alanna lowered her head and levelled her gaze at Thomas. Do you think you can manage that?
Thomas nodded grimly. He sat back into the chair for another lecture. Instead Gatsby decided to take this moment to launch into a story about two individuals in a similar situation, and how they had faced incredible adversity to win their freedom from the overbearing pressures of high society. Alanna was engrossed, but Thomas wasn't really listening. He was looking at Alanna. When she stared at Gatsby, she seemed like an entirely different person. Her features softened, she looked... younger somehow. There was happiness there. It then dawned on him. She really did love Gatsby. He wondered if Gatsby knew this. Thomas didn't wonder too much more as he found himself drifting off to sleep with the sound of Gatsby drumming on in the background.
*****
You see Thomas? We can make this... Alanna turned around to see Thomas passed out in the chair. She smiled just a little. It had been a long day she supposed. She herself had been up for a full two days and a night. She turned her attention to Gatsby.
Can you take care of him?
Gatsby nodded. That's been nothing, if not my full time job since I met him. True he may not have taken care of Thomas to the best of his ability, but he still believed he deserved top marks for effort.
Thank you. Alanna smiled her deepest smile. It was time to start working her charm on Gatsby. She put her hand on his arm and ran it down to his hand.
I appreciate the help with Thomas. I think it will take considerable effort on both our parts to pull this off. She squeezed his hand and let her gaze linger for a few moments before deciding it was time to leave. Unfortunately her efforts on Gatsby were offset by her awkward hobble toward the door. She put that out of her mind and focused again. Tomorrow the test began, and she still had many things left to do.
CHAPTER 13
BATTLE ON THE BREEZE
Tretchbolt Argnot sat with his back to the stone wall of the Rope Burn Ale House casually watching the bustle of the street before him. Most people thought of BlueShift as an absolute haven of safety, but he knew better. Rope Burn was the roughest of the drinking houses inside the city walls. He had come here regularly, hoping that something would happen. Anything would do really. Things had been quiet for far too long for his taste. Tretchbolt let a deep breath go. Other than some slightly disorderly, overly liquored up citizens out celebrating a birthday or a graduation here or there, very little happened. That didn't phase Tetchbolt however. He knew it was out there. 
Tretchbolt practised flexing his pectoral muscles while he waited for that certain something to happen. Much to Tretchbolt's pleasure, 'it' happened in the form of two guards coming around the corner of the ale house.
Did you hear? the tall skinny one was saying in quick hushed tones to the short stout one. Gatsby is back in town. 
Very luckily for Tretchbolt, despite his age, he had excellent hearing. Gatsby? 
The stout one grunted, I hear that he and Alanna are... The guard stopped short as he suddenly noticed the mountain of a man sitting against the wall hidden in shadow.
The mountain leaned forward. You heard Alanna is... what...
The guards continued on trying very hard to pretend that they hadn't heard or seen Tretchbolt.
Tretchbolt just leaned back against the wall. He had that affect on other dragons. He was after all, a legend. Slightly younger than the king, but old enough that he had seen battles from ages long forgotten, Tretchbolt had a hand in every major battle of the last several thousand years. People never bothered Tretchbolt with anything. Century old blood feuds and clan hatreds were forgotten when he walked by. On the other hand, it was very hard to find anything to do, when your shadow was enough to silence a crowd.
Tretchbolt sighed. Things had been quiet for a very long time, but he knew that it would never stay that way. He'd been around long enough to know that peace never lasts. He had kept himself ready, in shape. He constantly trained for the day that he would once again be called into battle.
Gatsby. Tretchbolt spat the name. Gatsby was a spineless, trouble-making red dragon that had gotten involved with the king's favourite daughter. He had been in self imposed exile for the past three hundred years or so.
Spitting out the twig that he had in his teeth, Tretchbolt stretched and cracked his knuckles. It wasn't that Gatsby was the cause of troubles around him, it just seemed like he dragged trouble along with him wherever he went. Tretchbolt supposed Gatsby wasn't where his real issue lay. Ganton. Ganton was a wicked leader, and Gatsby had the misfortune of being his son. King Alkamire, of course, was blind to this, as most leaders can be quite blind to the obvious. 
Tretchbolt idly scratched at a thousand year old scar. It was amazing that such an old wound could still itch after such a long time. He wondered as he scratched, if Gatsby was going to be the cause of whatever trouble was coming. Something really was about to happen. He could feel it in his bones. He could even smell it on the wind. 
The palace rose above the rest of the buildings. It looked it's usual tranquil self, sitting in the purple evening haze. Perhaps it was time to pay his old friend King Aqual a visit.
CHAPTER 14
THOMAS AND THE KING
Consciousness came slowly to Thomas. He became vaguely aware of the flutter of movement all about him. The last thing that he could remember was gazing at Alanna.
Stretching out to full length, Thomas slowly opened his eyes.
Oh! You're finally awake! Gatsby was pacing around the room half dressed. He had a tie hanging over his shoulders undone and his collar was out. He was cursing about not being able to find any pants that suited his top. 
Of course I am awake. Who could stay asleep with you ransacking the room like this? What's going on?
Gatsby plunked down on the bed and started to pull on some dress socks. The meeting with the king! That's what. 
That woke Thomas up. The meeting? What time is it Gatsby? 
Gatsby huffed. It's noon. You have been asleep almost 20 marks. You should have been up a long time ago. Gatsby started to curse as the sock resisted sliding on to his foot. Curse it but Glen has small feet!
Thomas swung his legs out of the bed. Obviously Gatsby had taken the care to bring him here last night. 
So what am I supposed to wear? Everything he owned was either ruined, or dirty beyond salvage. The only things he had left were the pink pyjamas that he had worn when he came to this world and he was fairly sure that those wouldn't go over too well.
Oh don't worry. You're going to be taken care of. I believe the royal tailor will be coming to fit you for this evening's gala. Gatsby let out a huge grunt as he finally managed to get the sock to slide the rest of the way onto his foot. I however, have been left to fend for myself.
Thomas was feeling quite hungry now. He couldn't remember the last time that he had had something to eat. Now that he was awake, he figured that it was time to get some food, and he wasn't feeling too fussy as to what that would be. How long do I have before they dress me up Gatsby?
Gatsby opened his mouth and a loud knock came from the door downstairs.
I've got to stop asking that question. groaned Thomas.
Gatsby disappeared in half dressed state, down the stairs to return with a small entourage of 4 slightly feminine men. 
One of them was tall and skinny wore a dark blue vest and a white shirt. He had a thin moustache that curled up at the ends and his dark black hair was parted and slicked back. Gatsby introduced him as Fredric the barber. 
The slightly shorter, skinny man with brown wavy hair was Mark, who would be in charge of bathing Thomas. That made Thomas more than a little uncomfortable.
Popkin was the manicurist. He was a mousy balding man with a perpetually nervous smile.
The last of the four, was the tailor, whose name was Charles. He was a well dressed clean cut older man with silver hair mixed with the occasional shock of black.
As one by one, the group of servants was being introduced to Thomas, the absolute realization of what was about to happen, started to dawn upon him. This wasn't going to just be some casual meeting. He was going to see a powerful king. Thomas tried desperately to remember everything that Alanna had told him the previous day. He wished he had paid more attention and less time arguing.
Mark spent a great deal of time trying to wash the stains of Thomas' travels away. He looked exhausted by the time he passed him on to Charles, who measured him every which way before disappearing down the stairs and out the door.
Of all of the servants that attended Thomas that day, Fredric had the hardest job of all. He put some very uncivilized curses together for a court hairdresser. He yanked Thomas' wavy brown hair all over the place. Thomas cried out in pain more than once. When Fredric was finally done, Thomas' hair was much shorter, and nicely styled, leaving him looking more like a young man of means rather than a street urchin.
Popkin finished up by making sure all his nails were neatly trimmed and filed. He even did Thomas' toe nails. Ridiculous! Who was ever going to look at those?
Charles later returned with Thomas' suit and stayed while Thomas put it on. Charles wasn't going to be satisfied unless he was able to supervise Thomas donning the suit. Every so often, Charles would jump up and pull a sleeve down a hair, adjust the collar a little. Thomas guessed that Charles would have played with dolls in his own world if he'd grown up there.
Finally, tired, but with a look of satisfaction on their faces, the group of servants stepped back to appraise their work. Thomas had yet to see the results of his day at the spa. Nervously, he got up and walked over to the full length mirror at the end of the hall. He had to blink when he saw his reflection staring back at him. His laugh was one of disbelief. Was that really him in the mirror? He could almost believe that he came from royal lineage. Thomas had to admit, the servants had done a convincing job, but could he really pull this off? Looks were only going to go so far.
Having finished their fashion battle, the four tired servants left Thomas alone with Gatsby.
Well now! You certainly do look the part now!
Thomas couldn't really argue. He did look the part of a lord, but he didn't feel the part in any way. He was on his way to perpetuate the biggest lie he had ever told. To a KING! He felt like hiding under the bed and curling up in a ball. 
Okay. Calm down. thought Thomas. All you have to do, is tell one of the most powerful dragons around that you are a powerful wizard who intends to usurp Gatsby's claim on Alanna, and marry his daughter. Whatever happened this evening was bound to end in disaster. Thomas sighed. At least he would look good for his funeral.
Not too many people will be looking at me. Unfortunately, Glen's taste in clothing leaves a little to be desired. Gatsby grunted as he tried to get up from the edge of the bed that he was sitting on. He's also a little, well, he's smaller.
Thomas chuckled. Gatsby looked like a piece of popcorn exploding out of the kernel.
Well, it may be for the best anyway. We want all attention to be on you tonight after all. Nothing but Thomas on the brain for the king tonight, wouldn't you agree? Gatsby smiled at Thomas. I guess it's time to get this rolling.
Gatsby honestly wasn't the best at setting Thomas' nerves at ease. He wasn't entirely sure that Gatsby was even remotely trying to make Thomas feel more comfortable. Thomas was beginning to believe that his new found friend was taking some pleasure in Thomas' misfortune.
Gatsby laid his hand on Thomas' shoulder and all but pushed him down the stairs toward the waiting carriage. A magnificent team of 6 white horses were harnessed to it, and a large escort of guards rode both ahead and behind. 
The carriage was jaw dropping. It was ornately carved in its entirety. The windows were vaulted in a manner that dictated the shape of the roof. The wood workings reminded him of an old antique piano he had once seen in a store. The cab was dressed in a blue velvet substance and satin curtains were hung from inside to give privacy to the occupant. There was a driver's seat in front of the cab that was wide enough to seat two, and in front of the drivers were two ferocious looking dragons carved in a manner that made them look like they were pawing the air in front of them. But for all the decorations and ornamentation employed by the carriage, the thing that made it stand out the most, was the fact that it was entirely gold plated from front to back. It shone like a star in the afternoon sun.
A servant held the door for Thomas as he stepped into the royal carriage. Gatsby, in keeping with the sentiment that Thomas should be the centre of attention, decided to ride up front, leaving Thomas alone in the carriage.
As the carriage made its slow procession down the streets, it didn't take long for curiosity to get the better of residents of BlueShift. Shop keepers and maids, young and old all stopped their day's chores to come out and see what all the commotion was about. Word spread that something was happening out in the main street, and people started to line the way as they went along. Thomas could see the throngs of commoners and aristocrats alike, trying to catch a glimpse of who was in the carriage. He decided to sit back and remain in the safety of the Shadows. The less people that knew what he looked like, the better he thought. If he ended up having to run, he wanted as few as possible capable of identifying him.
After a short ride through the now crowded streets, the carriage pulled to a halt in front of the very place that Thomas had been desperately trying to escape only a couple of days before. Fate had a cruel sense of humour. 
The servants hopped down and opened the door to the carriage once again, proffering a hand to help Thomas out. Thomas felt embarrassed as he took the servant's hand. Being a royal, Thomas decided, was a lot like being treated like a child. People did everything for you. You did nothing for yourself. At times he had always wished he had a maid to clean his room, but this went beyond that by far. He never knew having this much attention would make him feel this uncomfortable. Then his heart stopped.
Standing on a carpet that had been rolled out for royalty, in the middle of an aisle lined with people, stood Alanna. His legs wobbled. Quickly to hide his failing legs, he grabbed the shoulder of the carriage driver and waved toward the crowd. He hoped that was proper. What was going on? What was wrong with him? He detested this girl! But as he looked at her, he could hardly breath. Every time he met her, she was more beautiful than the last. Thomas took a deep breath in and walked up to her, being as careful as he could not to trip over his own feet. 
Alanna just stood there for a moment as if daydreaming and then smiled at him as if suddenly waking up. She must have been up late preparing for this. He almost felt sorry for her.
She inclined her head to Thomas and gently took his arm in hers. Thomas felt his blood pressure skyrocket. He tried to calm himself down as they started to walk toward the palace. He didn't know how much he would be able to take. How could he feel hate and ...what? She was beautiful, but also horrible... He decided to focus on all her horrible traits as they walked into the main entrance.
Are you feeling well? asked Alanna in hushed tones. You don't look so good. Remember. Confidence. Power. Elegance.
Remember breath... walk.... don't cry... thought Thomas.
*****
It was getting later, and Thomas would be at the palace soon. Alanna was glad that she had taken the white willow tincture before this event. She needed to have this evening go as smoothly as possible.
Alanna closed her eyes momentarily and breathed the winter's air in deeply to steady her nerves as the coach pulled up to the palace. She took a deep breath and steeled herself. She hoped that the palace servants had been able to work a minor miracle with the wizard boy.
William, the short driver, hopped down from beside Gatsby and opened the carriage door. Alanna eyebrows pushed together and her eyes grew wide. A handsome young man stood hunched inside the cab, reaching his hand out to William. It couldn't be the same person!
Thomas emerged from the carriage and looked across the crowd, showing no signs of jitters. As his eyes locked with Alanna's momentarily, her heart missed a beat. She had to admit, he looked very much the part of a handsome royal. He was quite tall for his age, and, dressed in the manner that he was, it was almost easy to believe him to be quite a bit older than he was. He grasped William's shoulder in a friendly gesture and waved to the crowd. Alanna was so surprised she nearly waved back. Wave back? She was acting like a star struck school girl! What was going on? He seemed so sure of himself in a circumstance where he should be anything but. Where did he get this confidence from? 
She smiled at him as he walked up to her. She needed to remind him to not to falter, to remain confident. So far he was doing a great job, but she knew as soon as he was in front of her father, that could all change in a heartbeat. She took his arm so she could get close enough to him to talk. Remember. Confidence... Power.......
*****
Walking through the castle to the roof top was a blur. It was surreal. Thomas felt like he was living another person's life. One of a powerful lord, being escorted by a beautiful princess, through an amazing palace. His dream ended at a large pair of wooden double doors, guarded by four, impressively dressed, guards. 
The guards nodded toward the princess, and opened the door.
The doors led to the rooftop of the palace. Tables, adorned with the finest crystal and shining silverware, were surrounded in BlueShift's blue bloods. Everyone was dressed in their best attire, for what was anticipated to be the event of the century. There was a large buffet to the left of all the guests, and to the right was a symphony of foreign instruments playing a lilting subdued song that seemed to welcome in the evening. The dusk's light was at it's golden peak, casting a magical glow on the whole rooftop.
Thomas saw none of this.
In the centre of the rooftop, where the carpet led up to, sat the largest, most intimidating Blue Dragon that Thomas had ever seen. True, up until now he had only seen one, but he had a feeling that even if he had seen 100, this one would be top of the heap. 
Thomas froze on the spot. How could Alanna not warn him about this? He looked over to Alanna, but she looked just as surprised as he was. She turned to him and gave him a smile of encouragement, although he could see she clearly was a little nervous as well. There really wasn't anything left he could do. 
Well, it's time for me to go. 
At least, that's what Thomas' reasoning centre of the brain was telling him. Unfortunately running and screaming at this point wouldn't do much good. His only path out of here lay in front of him, toward the Dragon King. 
Thomas sighed. He decided that, if he was going to die, he was going to do it with his pride intact.
*****
Alanna stood for a moment not breathing. She hadn't anticipated this. When she had approached her father about Thomas, he had been very angry, true. She had however, thought that she had convinced him that this was for the better. He had insisted they would hold a dinner for the two of them, after which, he would make his decision. Alanna had, of course, seen her father as a dragon many times, but he never did this for social events. She must have underestimated how upset he was. She could feel all the muscles in Thomas going rigid. All she could do was pull him around to face her and smile. Poor wizard boy, she just couldn't help but feel a pang of sympathy for him. It was hard to believe that she could empathize at all after the previous couple of days, but she really did feel sorry for him. She was about to tell him to walk out of the room for a moment. She would create some distraction that would give him a chance to escape, but as suddenly as he had tensed, he loosened up and regained his previous confidence. So shocked was Alanna, that she almost forgot to keep walking with Thomas, arm in arm.
Who was this boy?
They stopped before the king. Thomas gave a very formal bow to her father and smiled. Your Majesty Thomas said in a strong voice, with none of the sarcasm he used when addressing Alanna.
The old King Dragon's eyes narrowed. He pulled himself up to his full height, which was impressive. The king would not have fit into the castle in his current state. This must have been why he set this engagement up outside. 
So. said the king in a very deep voice You are the all powerful wizard I have heard about?. His voice suggesting it was more of a question than a statement of fact.
I'm Thomas. I came here from another world, known as Earth. I'm pleased to meet you sir.
Hmmm. The room went quiet the moment that the king began to talk to the young wizard. The king's eyes scrutinized Thomas for several moments before he continued. You're young. 
Yes sir. Thomas replied.
The king nodded slowly, and then seemed to back off a little. We will speak later. For now, enjoy the feast I have prepared in your honour.
Thomas bowed deeply again and escorted Alanna over to the head table. Alanna realized that she hadn't said anything since arriving on the rooftop patio. She kept asking herself WHO? Who was this person? He was fairly tall for a 14 year old human. He looked shockingly handsome in his tailored suit. But what had taken her completely by surprise was the confidence that he was showing. Up until now, all she had seen was a whiny insulting little boy. Tonight... he was a completely different person. Who was this? 
Alanna? Thomas asked as soon as they were far enough away that the king wouldn't hear.
Yes? 
Do you think you can help me sit? 
Alanna, walking arm in arm with Thomas, could feel him starting to shake uncontrollably. Ah. This was the Thomas she knew.
*****
Letting Alanna lower him to his chair, Thomas let himself breath. He was still alive. Then in his second act not related to the presence of the king, he allowed himself to look around for the first time since arriving. He hadn't expected a large dinner. He'd thought he was coming here just to meet the king and maybe a few lords. Thomas gasped inwardly. There must have been several hundred people here. Correction... dragons here. He wouldn't forget that again. Not after tonight.
Thomas saw the king take off and dive over the wall. 
He'll be changing back to his human form now. I think he wanted to make an impression.
Impression received. Loud and clear. Thomas replied nervously. Cross me, and cross your name out of existence. 
Alanna sat down beside Thomas at the head of the table, facing the guests gathered there. Without her sitting there, Thomas would have felt very out of place.
Gatsby was looking pretty comfortable despite his ridiculously small clothing. He sat directly across from Thomas and Alanna. To their left was a Mountain of a man with hard discerning eyes. Thomas shivered. He could imagine what that one would look like as a Dragon. And so it was that every time Thomas looked at a person that evening, the first thing that would go through his mind would be, 'I wonder how big this person would be as a dragon', followed by, 'Where's the closest exit?'.
The mountain man didn't say a word to any of the other guests at the table. He seemed to be more intent on Thomas than the meal that was being served. The head table was the only table that had service. The rest of the guests gathered had to serve themselves from the prepared buffet. Thomas was feeling a bit envious of the other tables. It would have been nice to have an excuse to break away from this man's gaze.
Alanna was making a good show of things. She was a natural social butterfly. Thomas on the other hand, was keeping quiet, trying to calm himself down from his earlier encounter with her father. He noticed the king come in some time later, dressed in regal gown befitting of a man in his station. He sat at the throne with a woman to his side. She was a beautiful elegant lady of advancing years. He decided that this must be Alanna's mother. Thomas brought his attention back to his meal, which he had only really been picking at all night. He thought if he ate too much, he wouldn't be able to keep it down. His nerves were on a razors edge, things could go either way, and that was not just true of the food.
The meal was actually quite good. Thomas found himself relaxing. He was particularly enjoying these fruit that reminded him of grapes, only harder, and larger. He knew he must look silly trying to eat them, but he didn't care too much at the moment as he was starting to remember just how hungry he was. 
The mountain of a man kept staring at him, barely eating anything at all. He just looked at Thomas with those intense eyes. On top of that, he noticed the king talking to his wife while staring at Thomas. No one else was paying attention to him beyond the occasional glance to see who this young wizard was. Well, other than Alanna, but he still felt like he was under a spotlight on a stage in front of a large audience. Thomas popped another grape-thing in his mouth. This one was even harder. He started to push it around his mouth, not really trying to chew it, or swallow it. He was using it much in the same manner that people back home used tension balls. By swishing it around in his mouth, he was taking his mind off other, more worrisome things.
*****
Alanna did her best to put Thomas at ease. She figured if she kept people busy socially, they wouldn't pay as much attention to him. She would see Thomas relax, then he would tense up again, then relax... She allowed herself to look around the room, and caught her father scrutinizing the two of them. 
So that's why Thomas was getting so nervous. If he wasn't careful, he was going to blow it. She decided to take control of their charade. Alanna leaned over to give Thomas a loving kiss on the cheek. As Alanna's lips touched Thomas' skin, Thomas' eyes shot open and a small round projectile shot out of his mouth and right into the forehead of Tretchbolt Argnot. Alanna flushed. Maybe she should have warned him somehow.
*****
Thomas' eyes locked with the mountain man. He tried hard to form words, but they kept failing him before finding his tongue. Gatsby stared at Thomas, Alanna, and then the Mountain man.
The mountain man spoke first in a level, controlled tone. I believe this is yours. He was holding the partially masticated grape-thing in his huge hand.
Thomas wanted to crawl under the table. Uh... I'm... very sorry. Thomas gingerly picked the grape-thing up from the massive hand and put it to the side of his plate. This evening wasn't going well at all.
The rest of the dinner followed suit with the grape incident, which, Thomas was to later learn was called a 'seta fruit'. He managed to knock over a drink that looked like milk but was green. He almost lit the table cloth on fire when he knocked the candelabra over, but finally, it was nearing the end of the longest night of Thomas' life. Guests offered their parting greetings as the slowly they started to drift back to wherever it was that they had come from. Thomas didn't pay attention to any of them. He had spent the majority of the night trying his best to not look at the mountain man, and avoid the accusing stares of the king. That didn't leave very much room to look anywhere else. Gatsby had not said very much to them the entire dinner. It was probably the quietest that Gatsby had ever been. It was as the last of the guests was leaving the rooftop that a court servant approached their table.
The king wishes to speak with Mr Thomas and Gatsby. The servant informed them.
Gatsby looked more than a little nervous for the first time that night. About time. Thomas had felt nauseous the entire evening. 
Thomas stood up and gestured to Alanna to help her up. Alanna looked concerned. The king didn't ask for me Thomas. 
Thomas looked up at the servant again. Just us?
That is correct sir.
It looked like the evening wasn't over yet.
CHAPTER 15
CONDITIONS
Thomas and Gatsby were led inside the castle to a small study, and asked to take a seat. The room had shelves to the ceiling filled with parchments and dusty old tomes. All of them looked to be hand bound, and probably, hand written. They looked much like books you would find in museums, or at a garage sale. 
So... you and Alanna... Getting along are you? This was the first time that Gatsby had really said anything to Thomas all night.
Gatsby! I do believe that's the longest I have ever heard you keep quiet. Thomas remarked as he examined the room.
I know that I haven't been exactly social Thomas, but you looked like you had more than enough to keep you occupied. Good work by the way. Other than that bit with the grape and Tretchbolt Argnot. Honestly wasn't expecting to see him here. He barely ever does social events.
Tretchbolt? Was that his name? Fitting I suppose. I was mentally referring to him as Mountain Man or The Brick Wall... but I guess Tretchbolt suits him alright.
Gatsby laughed nervously. He is a big one isn't he? The rumours are, that he fought in the great wars tens of thousands of years ago.
Thomas goggled. He's that old?! 
Oh he's probably much older than that. I think he was getting on in years even during those battles. But he's a legend. One of the last true Dragon Warriors left. I wouldn't want to cross him. Gatsby paused. Speaking of which, was it just me, or was he giving you the evil eye all night?
Thomas felt ill. It wasn't you. He's the reason I was so tense that when Alanna...y-you know... that grape-thing shot out of my mouth.
Gatsby nodded, Frankly I'm surprised he didn't reach across the table and take you by the throat for that. I doubt he cares much about royals or titles. Or wizards for that matter, considering the wars. 
Thomas and Gatsby cut their conversation short, as the doors to the study suddenly opened, and the king entered, closing them behind him.
Thomas and Gatsby rose as the king walked purposefully toward them.
Please, sit. The king wasted no time, and swiftly sat down in an adjacent chair.
Thomas. Gatsby. It seems we have some matters to work out. 
Thomas had decided he wasn't going to say anything unless the king asked. It was always safer to say too little than too much.
When no one said anything, the king continued. As you may know, I have been away for a while. Where I have been, and what I have been up to, I will get to in short order as I believe it ties into why you are here.
Thomas looked at Gatsby confused, but Gatsby seemed to be at an equal loss.
First I would like to apologize for appearing as I did earlier. I had to know what kind of person you were Thomas. I can't play around anymore with Alanna. She will need to be married soon, and I have to make sure that the match will be of benefit to her, as well as to the kingdom. Alanna is the chosen successor for the throne of BlueShift, so whoever marries her will one day be king. Not something to be taken lightly. 
The king looked to Gatsby. I had thought and hoped that it would be you Gatsby. I had watched you for a long time growing up. You are linked to the Ganton Dragons, and we could use that kind of bond. The king looked tired all of a sudden. Especially now. he added in a quiet tone.
What is it? Gatsby looked concerned.
It has to do with my travels. Let me pose this question to you Gatsby. When was the last time you saw a Storm Dragon?
The Storm Dragons! Everyone does their best to avoid them I think.
Yes, however, you cannot help but run into them on occasion. When was the last time you actually saw one?
Gatsby looked like he was thinking hard. It may have been 50 years or so. While I was travelling around the country, I ran into one. I barely got away with my life.
The king nodded. That is about right. It's been about half a century since the last sightings of a Storm Dragon.
But what does that mean? They can't have gone extinct! They were anarchists, yes... disorganized... but there were more Storm Dragons than any other race!
That's been bothering me as well Gatsby. That is why I have been travelling lately. I have been going to the head of the other dragon races and gathering as much information about the Storm Dragon as I could. From the little I could find out, there is a feeling that they have gathered somewhere, possibly organizing for something. Had they been killed off, or gone extinct for some reason, you would expect to at least run across a body, or some other significant evidence, but they have simply vanished.
Gathered! Gatsby spat. Storm Dragons?! They don't gather! They have no organization! How could that be possible?!
Possible or not. Many of the last sightings were of larger and larger groups of Storm Dragons. Then, about 50 years ago as you said. Nothing.
What has this to do with us sir? Thomas had been sitting quietly the entire conversation, but he still couldn't see how he fit in. Gatsby, yes. He was a dragon, and not just a dragon, but a royal. But Thomas was nothing. Less than nothing as he wasn't even the wizard he had claimed to be.
The king regarded Thomas with a serious expression. If you are truly a trans-dimensional wizard, then there is some value to an association with you. I am not convinced that the value is greater than a tie to the Ganton Dragons. I think you will need to prove your association with Edric of Westminster.
The king rose from his chair and walked over to the bookshelf. I believe that everything happens for a reason Thomas. I believe you when you say you are from another dimension. How you got here, I have no idea. But you are here at a time when I believe that there will be a crisis with the dragon world. I don't know how you fit in. But I know someone who might.
The king looked back over to Thomas, You are a very young man, but you showed some courage tonight. Not too many would dare spit into the face of Tretchbolt Argnot. It may not have been the most civilized way to handle him, I do know he was staring at you, part of the blame lies with me, but you did show some nerve. For future reference however, it may not be wise to do that again, you may be a wizard, but that means little to him.
The kings' demeanour lightened a little.  I didn't make it easy on you at the banquet. I believe you have quite a lot of fortitude.
Fortitude? Did Thomas hear the king correctly? Thomas' acting must have been better than he realized. His drama teacher would have been thrilled.
 My daughter wishes to marry you, and I am prepared to accept this.
Thomas couldn't believe what he was hearing. The king was giving his permission?
But there are conditions to be met. The king continued. First. You must travel to the seer. Alanna will know the way. I must know how you fit in with the grand scheme of things.
A journey? As tired as Thomas felt, he would be happy to get out of BlueShift.
The next condition has to do with you Gatsby. 
Gatsby straightened up.
I want you to approach your father. I still need the alliance of the Ganton Dragons for what lies ahead. I don't believe this is too much to ask considering the pain you have caused these past three hundred years, do you Gatsby?
Gatsby was quick to agree to speak with his father.
Good. Then the final step will be talking to Edric. At that point we will announce the marriage, and things will be set in motion. Does this meet with your approval Thomas?
What choice did he have really? The same choice he had had since arriving in this world. 
It sounds alright with me sir.
For the first time all evening the king smiled. Then it is agreed. The king stood and picked up a sealed letter from the nearby shelf. Present this to the seer. He will give something to you in return, bring it back to me when you complete your task.
The king offered his hand to Thomas. Thomas took it reluctantly and shook it. Well then, if you will excuse me, I am quite tired from my travels. Thomas, you will be staying with Alanna now of course, you are engaged. Glen is eager to get his house back. He mentioned something about a smell. Well Glen is a little particular. The king chuckled. When he found out he was housing a powerful wizard, he became nervous and asked if I wouldn't mind lodging you for a while.
Thomas was about to say something, but the words failed him for not the first time that night. Before he could think of anything, the king was already leaving the two behind in the study. 
Gatsby was standing there with an odd expression on his face. 
Gatsby? What's the matter?
Gatsby shook off whatever had been preoccupying his mind. Hm? Oh.... nothing. I guess I am just a little worried about confronting my father. I haven't seen him since I went on the run. I think he will be more upset than Alanna was.
Thomas couldn't imagine that.
The door opened up, and a nervous looking Alanna entered the room. 
What did father want? 
Gatsby sighed. It's not good Alanna. He believes a war is brewing between the Alkamire and Storm Dragons.
Alanna seemed shocked. The Storm Dragons! They are brutal warriors!
Gatsby nodded. He wants me to get the help of the Ganton Dragons. I will be leaving shortly for home. he sighed. I am not at all looking forward to it, but even I know this is more important than my feelings.
Gatsby looked at Thomas and Alanna and frowned.
What's the matter Gatsby? asked Alanna.
Hm?  Gatsby shook his head. I better get going. It's just.. it's been a long night I suppose.
Gatsby nodded toward Thomas and Alanna, and departed the room. 
I guess we better be getting some sleep too. said Thomas turning to Alanna.
Us?! 
Thomas suddenly went completely red. Uh. Your father... he said I would be staying here with... you.
Suddenly it was Alanna's turn to blush.
*****
Gatsby stood outside the door for a few moments before leaving. Why was he feeling so bad all of a sudden? When he had sat across the table from Alanna and Thomas, and Alanna had kissed him, he suddenly wanted to hit Thomas in the face. When the king had said Thomas was going to stay with Alanna... he felt his heart pang. It had been three hundred years. That's a fair amount of time by anyone's standards. Maybe in that time, enough distance had been put between their childhood friendship that he was able to see her as more now. Only it was too late. Thomas and Alanna were heading on a mission together, and Gatsby was going home to face his father. He wondered how long it would be until he was allowed to see the light of day after that. What a mess he had gotten into.
Gatsby walked sadly through the halls. It seemed he wasn't going to be free after all.
*****
King Alkamire Aqual retired to his chamber where his wife, Queen Eva, sat, reading a book.
So? How did it go with the boy? Eva asked looking over the top of 'Customs of the Storm Dragon.'
Alkamire nodded. I believe he may be the one we have been waiting for.
Really? Eva didn't sound convinced. He hardly looked like a great and powerful wizard to me. She laughed mirthlessly. He looked more like a scared boy that had bitten off more than he could chew. Do you honestly think that our daughter is in love with that?
Of course I don't. Alkamire paused. She wants a way out. sighing he sat down beside his wife. This Thomas. He was terrified. I could smell it on him. True. He stood , unwavering, and confronted me. Me, at my worst. I don't have to tell you that that isn't easy. Alkamire pulled the book out of his wife's hand. He endured sitting across the table from Tretchbolt, all the time trying to make him feel as uncomfortable as possible. Alkamire laughed heartily. I thought Tretchbolt would tear his arms off when he spat that Ognought into his face!
Eva had to laugh at that as well.
This boy, he's not a wizard. At least, not yet. He has an aura of power, but he is young. If Alanna wishes to make alliances through him to the humans, well, we could do worse. We already have the Ganton Dragons allegiance after Gatsby's blunder. One more alliance can only help. Alkamire shook his head. I feel sorry for Gatsby. Ganton isn't going to go easy on him. Gatsby believes that he is going back to negotiate a treaty between us. 
Eva frowned. Why did you send Gatsby away?
Eva, Gatsby may not realize it yet, but I watched him all night. He's in love with Alanna, and I can't have him mess things up again.
CHAPTER 16
ALANNA'S ROOM
Thomas had to duck quick as a porcelain figure missed his head by inches. You are NOT sleeping on the same bed as me! Alanna was yelling.
Keep it down Alanna! Do you want your father to hear you?
Alanna crossed her arms and sat roughly down onto the bed. Hrmph.
Look, I am probably more uncomfortable than you are. I didn't ask for any of this. I was blackmailed.
Alanna shot Thomas a nasty look. 
Look, all I am saying is, I am tired. I don't want to sleep on your cold stone floor. I promise. All I want at this point is to sleep, and forget most of tonight. Most of tonight. Maybe he would hold on to that kiss for a while. 
I swear. I will have the guards do away with you Thomas if you try anything. Now turn around.
Thomas knew exactly what Alanna was capable of when she was angry.
Oh, uh, alright. Thomas replied clumsily.
Thomas could hear a bit of rustling and then quiet. Alright. You can turn around again. 
Alanna was tucked into bed and looking quite smug. 
Um, Alanna?
Yes Thomas?
I don't have any clothes.
That's not my problem.
I guess I could sleep in these. They are quite comfortable actually.
You will NOT! Those are VERY expensive. We need to keep you looking presentable around father.
Thomas sighed. Why is it that I am the only one who has to wear my underwear here? 
Alanna pretended to close her eyes, but Thomas could see she was still peeking. Aren't you going to get ready for bed now?
I can't get undressed with you staring at me like that! Thomas retorted.
Well I am in quite a comfortable position, I don't feel like moving.
Do you think that you could at least close your eyes. Thomas knew she 
was making this difficult on purpose.
OH.... I Suppose. Alanna made a big show of closing her eyes, like a little girl waiting for a present.
Thomas began to slip out of his clothes. 
Hey! No peeking! Thomas was quick to cover up. 
Alanna giggled. Very well.
Thomas slipped quickly out of the rest of his clothes, not bothering to fold them or place them neatly. He dived into the bed and pulled the covers up over himself.
You sucked all the warm air out!
Thomas rolled his eyes. She was acting like a little girl. Just how old are you?
Alanna regarded him with a serious look. Do you really want to know?
Thomas just shook his head. Engaged to someone older than his family tree. 
The bed had been repaired pretty quickly. He supposed royalty had its privileges. Most of the figurines had also been replaced as well. It was a really amazing, if not somewhat girly room.
Thomas? asked Alanna after a few moments of awkward silence.
Yes?
I just wanted to let you know.... you did a really great job tonight.
Thomas looked at Alanna, and quickly turned his gaze away. She was being nice? Uh, thanks. I guess, to be honest though, I didn't really feel that it went that well.
Nonsense! When we first got here, and father was a Dragon, I thought that it was all over. You actually marched up and presented yourself to him, despite him doing his best to make you feel intimidated.
Oh I was intimidated. I think I aged about 5 years on the spot.
Alanna smiled. Good. Then you have just about caught up to me!
Thomas laughed. I will catch up to you, and pass you. I will be the only 80 year old with a wife that still looks 18.
Oh please Thomas. I will look at LEAST 19 by then.
Both of them laughed.
Thomas felt more relaxed than he had all evening. I really thought it was over though when I spat that grape-thing into Tretchbolt's face. 
Alanna was almost in hysterics now. Poor Tretchbolt. First social event in centuries, and a wizard spits in his face! Really Thomas, such a violent reaction to a kiss!
Thomas went completely red at that. Well... yeah.
You act like you had never been kissed before.
Thomas shifted in the bed uncomfortably. ...yeah.
Yeah what? You haven't? Alanna asked surprised. Then she thought about it. He was only fourteen years old. Not fourteen dragon years, in which case he would be close to twenty-eight hundred years old. She suddenly felt bad for ruining it for him. A fourteen year old boy. He had been through more than most humans go through in a lifetime these past two days. 
No. Thomas felt uncomfortable with this subject.
Well, then, I apologize.
No! That's alright! It was great! I, ah, I mean it's okay. I mean it was okay. Well no, it was better than okay of course. I mean, except the spitting. The spitting wasn't so... I mean... Gah! Thomas buried his head in his hands. 
Really? Hmm. Well circumstances may call for me to do that again at some point. Next time, try not to act so surprised. It doesn't do anything for appearances.
Right.
I think it's quite late now. We better get some sleep. Alanna turned away from Thomas. Goodnight Thomas.
Thomas watched Alanna in the dark for quite a while. He watched as her breathing slowed, and she eventually stopped adjusting her position. 
Good night Alanna. said Thomas. He smiled, and fell into a deep sleep himself.
*****
Tretchbolt Argnot hated social gatherings. He scrubbed furiously at a purple stain in the middle of his forehead. He thought he got it all when he was at the king's banquet, but apparently he had missed a spot. He must have looked very distinguished walking around with purple splotches on his face the entire evening. 
Tetchbolt growled.
The kid that the king had sent him to keep an eye on was going to be trouble. He just knew these things. The king had been right. There was no way that his daughter and that boy had any sort of relationship. He supposed he could excuse most of the boy's behaviour as 'meeting the king jitters', but when Alanna kissed the boy, his head nearly popped off. Tretchbolt scrubbed a little harder. Well, parts actually did.
The Miserable Death Inn did its' best to live up to its' name. It was sort of a theme inn, where actors sat in the public areas, and spontaneously would enact horrible 'accidental' deaths that could happen while staying there. Theme bars, inns and dining were the latest fad in BlueShift. These types of actor ridden establishments were catching on more and more lately. Tretchbolt had just chosen the first inn he had run across with a room still left to let. 
Sitting down on the bed, he picked up his sword and scabbard. Dragons usually fought tooth and nail, but if that was all you knew, you would die quickly in a tight passage or end up in a stew pot if you needed to fight your way through an advancing party of goblins to escape a collapsing mine. All things he'd had many experiences with.
Tretchbolt yanked the sword out of its scabbard. He hadn't used the sword in ages, and the blade showed some signs of age. Some rust, some tarnish. He apologized to the sword out loud. I haven't taken very good care of you, have I? Well don't worry, we will be working together again soon. Tretchbolt took a whetstone out and started to run it over the old blade.
The king wanted him to train this young boy up to fight did he? The boy was rather scrawny looking, even for a fourteen year old. He didn't really have a very high opinion of this kid. Ognought aside, there was something not quite right about him. He smiled. He supposed no one would complain too loudly if there was a slight accident during a training session with him. Something that would give him a purple mark on his head. Ah but that would have to wait. The boy was off to find The Seer shortly. Tretchbolt would need a little more time to prepare. Tretchbolt smiled a rare smile. Things were about to get interesting.
CHAPTER 17
INK AND NIBS
Thomas woke up feeling quite refreshed. It was the start of a brand new day! He stretched out his arms wide and ran up against something soft. AAAAAHHHH!!!! Alanna screamed at the top of her lungs. She blindly shoved Thomas as hard as she could. He went flying out the side of the bed and onto the hard cold stone floor in his underwear.
Sheesh! Thomas exclaimed as he reached for his pants. It wasn't as if he had meant to touch her. He figured that this was a bad sign for the beginning of a new day.
 Thomas reached for his clothes and started to yank them on. It's just me you know!
Alanna was fully awake now. There is a 'your' side, and a 'my side' of this bed. Cross that line, and there is a risk that you won't make it back. Alanna huffed.
You describe the bed like a battlefield. Thomas huffed.
That's right, and we're on opposing sides. Remember that.
Princesses really were moody. She was nice when he expected mean, and mean when he expected... he didn't know. Maybe at least affability.
Alanna didn't think before standing up, then shouted at Thomas, Turn AROUND!
Thomas crossed his arms and swivelled. What's the big deal anyway? That's the most conservative sleep-wear I have ever seen. You may as well be wearing a full bodied robe.
I'm a princess Thomas, we don't prance around in front of strangers in our night gowns. 
But we aren't strangers. Thomas quipped sarcastically. We're engaged to be married. We have to stay in the same dratted room!
I would think that you would feel elated to be staying in the same room as a princess Thomas. Any other individual would have been executed by now. Alanna finished ruffling. Alright, you may turn around.
Thomas stood slowly and turned to Alanna. She was wearing a spring dress today. Oddly, it was a light green hue rather than blue. He had thought that the royalty here always wore blue in keeping with the blue theme. The green took Thomas a little bit off guard. It somehow made her look like a completely different person, but it picked up her eyes. Thomas broke eye contact before he made a fool of himself by staring into her eyes again.
We are going to have to get ready for our journey. You should go into town and pick up anything you think you might need.
Some clothes would be great. Thomas didn't think he would last too well if all he had was the one outfit to wear. The only problem is, I don't have any money.
Alanna shook her head and smiled. You are going to be engaged to the princess of BlueShift. You have, of course, access to the royal coffers. Take some gold from there, and get ready for our voyage.
 Are you serious? Thomas was going to be supported by the royal mint? He had finally found the golden lining to this dark grey cloud he was under.
Of course. The princess' boyfriend has to keep himself up to a certain standard if he wants to be seen in public with her.
Thomas laughed. If you think that you will be able to change me, you have quite a battle ahead.
Alanna sighed. You really need to learn to be more flexible Thomas.
Thomas just shrugged. How flexible can you be? 
I haven't sent you to the dungeon yet.
How considerate of you. Thomas replied wryly.
 I have to go talk with my father before we leave. I still haven't had the chance to speak with him alone since before the dinner. You should go on ahead and get some things ready. I want to be on the road by noon.
Alanna was organized, that was for sure. So he was to be on his own again. He liked that. At least it would be a break. Thanks Alanna. I guess I can use a few things aside from clothes. I'll be back before noon. 
Thomas grabbed his jacket and walked briskly out the door. It was the beginning of a good day after all.
*****
Alanna let out the breath that she had been holding up until now. She felt bad about shoving Thomas out of the bed. She'd felt his hand hit her back, but it was the biting pain in her backside that had made her react so violently. The painkillers must have worn off. She thought that if she ignored it long enough, that the infection would go away, but it seemed that it might be getting worse. It wasn't easy to keep her voice steady while talking to Thomas, she wanted him to get out of the room as fast as possible so she could deal with the wound, but she didn't want him to realize that there was something the matter. Offering him access to the treasury was a little bit extreme she supposed, but she had to get him out of the room quickly. She limped over to the shawl hanging over the back of her writing desk chair, and draped it over her shoulders. She would have to get some things in the city as well, but she didn't want Thomas asking questions. Doing her best to fight through the pain, Alanna mentally prepared herself to talk to her father. That part, she thought, at least had been true. She needed to talk to him and figure out what was going on.
*****
The moment that Thomas walked out of the room, he realized that he didn't know where he was going. He was going to turn around and march back in when a mousy voice coughed a timid, Ahem. 
Thomas turned around to see Popkin standing to the side of the door, with his back facing the wall. 
Sir. Do you require assistance?
Popkin was the one who had helped him the previous day with his nails. 
I could use a hand finding the treasury. Thomas replied. Alanna asked me to grab some money and get some provisions for our journey to The Seer.
Very good sir. I will take you there promptly.
It had seemed a little strange to Thomas that Popkin was standing outside of their door. Back on Earth, that sort of behaviour would likely land you in a prison, but he guessed that it was normal for a palace. Strange how the same sort of conduct in one setting could be perceived so differently in another. 
Popkin? How long were you waiting for us?
I believe I was there for approximately four marks sir. I wait on the princess. She usually wakes quite late, though on occasion, she has been known to wake quite early as well. It is my duty to be there when she does emerge, so I have to make sure that I am there for either scenario.
A long winded answer for approximately four hours, thought Thomas. That must be quite boring.
Popkin just smiled and continued along his way without further discussion. He darted through the hallways, taking him down staircases, through large rooms and down to the treasury. After a little paperwork, Thomas left with a hefty coin purse and a big smile on his face. If only his friends could see him now. Better they didn't, he could already imagine them asking for loans.
It was still fairly early in the morning, and the shops in the city were just opening. Every individual that Thomas met, went out of their way to greet him. Some of the faces he recognized, while others, left him wondering how they knew who he was.
As soon as he was out of the gates and in the streets of BlueShift, Thomas stretched his back and looked around. Where should he go? 
The streets were just coming to life. He passed Dr Eckner's Dentistry, from which he could hear cries of pain wafting through the door along with the usual unpleasant odour that these places typically had. It seemed dentistry wasn't quite up to the same standard he enjoyed at home yet. 
The day wore on while Thomas was gathering provisions from various sources. He had a complete survival kit that he had got from Paul's Pulsating Provisions. He guessed that the badly painted man on the sign above the door was supposed to be Paul. Rippling with muscles and holding a shovel in his teeth. Quite a contrast from the somewhat rotund and slightly balding man that had run the shop. It seemed that no place, or world was sacred. No matter where you went, if there was a city, there was bound to be this form of corny advertising. Thomas sighed. 
Thomas was about to make his way back to the palace when something in his peripheral vision caught his attention.
On the corner, at the outskirts of town, was a shop that looked like it had sat there for centuries. The sign was elegantly carved, likely hand carved, in a more traditional manner. No images of muscular men, or maidens with exaggerated features, This sign simply had an elegantly engraved image of an inkwell with a quill coming out of it. At the top, it proclaimed in large letters, 'Ink and Nibs'.
It had been Thomas' intention to start a journal ever since he had come to this world. These were memories that he simply had to record. He didn't want to chance that he would forget everything when he went back home. Thomas went up to the old shop and gave the door a shove. Dust whipped into motes caught in the sunbeams that found their way through the old windows as he walked onto the squeaky old floor. The smell of the place was musty, like old magazines. The odour mixed with the dust gave the impression to Thomas that not a lot of people came here anymore. 
The shop was what he had expected. There were displays of different kinds of quills, and there were ink pots all over the place. Different grades and types of parchments were neatly arranged into compartments and labelled. The only thing off, besides the fact that there really wasn't anyone around, was the amount of dust in the store. It simply looked as if it hadn't been disturbed in centuries. Thomas was just about to leave when a voice from the corner of the room froze him in his tracks.
Yyyyess. Can I help you? 
Thomas whirled around to see a tall, elderly man, with a long beard and ominous eyebrows staring at him. Oh! I'm sorry! I didn't see anyone here. I was about to go!
The man in the corner quickly pushed himself off the wall that he had been leaning against and stepped briskly up behind the counter. Well I wouldn't be doing that now would I?... or you rather. The man gave Thomas a slight smile and nodded toward the provisions that he had gathered so far. After all, you aren't quite ready yet are you?
Hm? Oh, yes, I suppose I still have some things to get. I'm....
Thomas. Yes, I know. the old man gave him a sly smile. Pleased to meet you.
How... Thomas began, but the old man cut him off again.
How is a wonderful question. But you know what? The old man drew himself right up to Thomas' face, so close he could smell the garlic the man had been eating earlier this morning. Why. Why is a much better question. If I had to choose between how and why, I would choose why every time. the old man started to prance back to behind the counter chanting, Why, why, why! He settled in behind the register and calmed down. Ah, but why is for another day. Let's start with who.
Thomas thought he might know why the store was so empty now. 
The who is Mr Nibs. The old man winked at Thomas. That's me. Mr Nibs of Ink and Nibs.
Thomas looked around. Oh so you have help here running the store?
Ah sadly no. Ink ran out. Now there's just nibs. The old man laughed at his joke. Do ye get it? We've run out of ink! But seriously, Ink hasn't been around for a long while. I thought about changing the sign. Making it Nibs and Ink. Inks gone, so at least I should get top billing don't you think? Or maybe juts Nibs. People probably wouldn't come though if the store just said Nibs. Sounds a little to limited. Oh! There's an idea! Nibs Limited. NO WAIT. Nibs unlimited! Makes it sound like I have lots of stuff to buy! Much better than Ink unlimited, don't you think?
Ah. was all Thomas could think to say. 
Ah yes. I'm wasting your time. No doubt you have important things to do, eh?
The old man whirled from shelf to shelf. Ah yes, ah..no... that's not it. He waggon wheeled his arms through drawer after drawer until he finally exclaimed, YES! That's it. That's exactly it! The old man held out a fountain pen in his hand, proffering it to Thomas. 
With some trepidation, Thomas took the pen from the old man. He turned the fountain pen over in his hand a few times. It was solidly constructed. There was a screw top that appeared to be where you would pour ink into it. The pen was a wonderful gold colour and had the initials T.K. engraved on the back. Thomas was so startled he almost dropped it.
I KNOW! Shouted the old man when he saw Thomas' started expression. Theodore Kensington! Who would have guessed! HAH! It's a good pen though. Thomas nerves calmed down a little and he almost laughed. It was ridiculous to think that the pen was made for him. He had just gotten here. It still bothered him that the old man knew who he was. Thomas decided that he must have been at the dinner the night before.
Thanks, actually. I think it will do fine. I also...
Need something to write on! And with! Coming right up.
You know, the journal should say something about the individual that is carrying it. The old man chattered as he looked through the shelves. You see this one? He held up a brown, dull looking book. This one says: whatever I am doing with this book, I absolutely hate it. Mr Nibs continued to hold up this book and that. This one says I'm rich and lazy. This one says I want something that makes me look smart, even though I can't read.
How can you tell that from a book? Thomas asked incredulously.
Look. Mr Nibs opened the book to show it had been already completely filled in.
AH! This one maybe? Mr Nibs brought out a bright pink journal. Perhaps this says something about you? Mr Nibs chuckled to himself.
Thomas felt a little uncomfortable. The journal reminded him of the pyjamas.
Finally Mr Nibs brought out a journal that was charcoal grey with a blue border. This is the one! Mr Nibs said more to himself than to Thomas. He just stood there staring at it for several moments before waking up and remembering that Thomas was still there waiting. Walking over to the counter, Mr Nibs tossed it down, letting it twist and slide toward Thomas.
Thomas picked up the journal and opened it up.
Absolutely the highest quality of parchment. I have included a binding system that allows you to take the pages in and out as you please. Thought it might be useful. The old man winked at Thomas again.
The pages did look of high quality. There was gold leaf inlay around the edges, which formed margins. The pages were hand punched, and leather ties held the pages into the binding. All you needed to do was untie the leather binding and you could pull pages out. Not bad.
I'll wrap it up for you then and throw some ink in with it and you can be on your way!
You haven't even told me how much it is yet. Thomas exclaimed.
Oh right! I guess we should take care of business shouldn't we? The old man put on his glasses from over his head and started to consult a sheet of paper that was beside the old fashioned till. Now let me see. Ah hah. Mhmm. Yes... The old man paused, and through the corner of his eye, looked at Thomas' ring. 
Tell you what? The old man put down the paper. I will give you all of this, for that ring.
Thomas was taken aback. His ring? The ring that connected him to his world? The rings not for sale. Thomas withdrew his hand as if he had been bitten by fire.
Mr Nibs laughed. Of course it isn't. And never should be mmm? Remember that. The old man returned to the paper on the counter. Alright then. 5 gold I think should cover it.
Thomas dished out 5 pieces of gold. He couldn't help but feel he might be overpaying, but he just wanted to get out of the shop and back to the palace. The old man was sort of creepy.
Just as Thomas was about to leave the shop, the old man called out. Should you come across a talking bear, remember, the answer's 'The Forth.'
Uh, thanks. Thomas darted out of the old store as fast as he could and made his way back to the palace. The forth? Talking bears? Thomas just wanted to get going and out of the city. It was turning out to be as unnerving as the forests had been. 
*****
Alanna cleared her head before entering the study, where her father spent most of his time when home.
The king was sitting behind a desk, sifting through some papers when Alanna came in. Alanna. I thought I would have run into you much earlier than this. No matter. What can I do for you? 
Thomas told me about the Seer. You never mentioned that to me when I approached you about Thomas earlier.
Alkamire regarded Alanna seriously. We've been down this path once before Alanna. Thomas is a decent person from what I have seen, which isn't a lot. I will not rush into making my decision.
But the Seer? He's a crazy old dragon. You can't be serious dad. I seriously doubt he has any real ability. He's just so old his visions are more likely to be a condition of his deteriorating memory than any magical gift.
The king leaned back in his chair and let out a heavy breath. The Seer is a visionary. But this is about more than that. The journey is important as well. Alkamire cocked his head to one side. How well do you know Thomas really?
Alanna feigned irritation, How well do you think! He's to be my husband!
The king sighed. And I have already said that is fine with me, if he proves to be worthy. The king reached his hand across to Alanna. My concern is with you. I want to make sure you are going to be alright with this. I know I pressured you into a marriage with Gatsby too quickly. It just seemed logical. You two were already best friends. That is one of the best foundations for a relationship.
Don't pretend that you were doing it for my sake dad. All you wanted was to have a tie to the Ganton Dragons. You weren't thinking of what I wanted at all.
Whatever the case was, that is in the past now. Things are changing Alanna. The threat of the Storm Dragons isn't a far off dream anymore. As unlikely as it seems, they are organizing. It's important that we are all ready for that day.
By ready you mean?
I mean to make sure you are taken care of. If anything should happen to me, it will be left to you to take over control of the kingdom. Whoever you end up with, will be King. I have a responsibility to my people to make sure whoever that is, is someone who is fit for the office. Gatsby could have handled it, I don't know enough about this Thomas yet, I admit, there is something about him, but only time will tell. If fate wills it, you two will be together.
So that's it then?
There is one more thing. As I have said Alanna, the journey is as important as the destination. However well you two think you know each other, you never really know someone until you have lived and travelled together. Use this time to make sure he's the right one. You could probably fly there in a matter of a day or two, and return, but I would like to encourage you to go by foot.
By foot! That could take weeks! longer if the infection didn't settle down.
That's the point Alanna. A journey without hardships won't teach you anything. One day you will understand. The king smiled. Now come over here and give me a hug. I trust you to take care of that boy. I get the feeling we will be needing his help in the near future.
Alanna gave her father a big hug. They were going to go by foot then. Alanna left the study and sighed. The road ahead was going to be much longer than she had thought. She wondered if Thomas was getting ready for the trip. They were going to have to pack a lot more than she had anticipated.
CHAPTER 18
PAGES
You look quite well equipped Mr Wizard. Alanna quipped from behind a startled Thomas who was going over his packed items. 
You told me that this trip is likely to take us a few days. I want to make sure that we have enough provisions to get us there. Thomas was inspecting his fishing supplies.
Right, a few days. Alanna sounded a little uneasy. About that Thomas.
Yes?
We will be walking to the Seer's mountain.
Walking?! Are you serious?
Alanna snorted, Well you didn't think I was going to carry you off into the air did you?
How far is it?
By foot? I admit, I don't know. I usually fly if I have to head that direction.
Thomas rolled his eyes. Great.
Alanna could see the conversation was taking a turn for the worse, so quickly tried to change it. I see you got some new clothing. Good choice. Alanna started to poke through Thomas' belongings. Oh and some soap! Unusual, but nice to see a man who appreciates being clean. 
Hey! Thomas proclaimed. Leave my belongings alone! You don't see me rifling through your things do you?
That's because, unlike you, I can send you to the dungeons. Alanna replied sounding quite pleased with herself.
Thomas could already tell that this was going to be a long trip, and it had nothing to do with it being on foot.
They finished with packing up their belongings. Alanna had quite a lot of stuff that she didn't seem to be willing to leave without. The packs she had she lugged along in a small cart behind herself. 
Seriously? Thomas asked gaping at the teetering stack of provisions being carted off by Alanna.
I think you should appreciate this. I am bringing many things that you have obviously forgotten. 
You can't really think that we are going to lug that cart all the way up a mountainside, do you?
Of course not! We will leave the cart at the bottom. By then it will only be a day or two before we reach our destination. The cart is for the meantime. Alanna appeared quite sure of herself.
Have you ever done this before? Thomas had spent a few weeks hiking with a scout group when he was a bit younger. It had been gruelling, and that was with a single small pack with miniature survival gear. The kind where the fishing hook fit inside of a small compartment inside of the hollowed out rod. There was a pocket knife that worked as your spoon and fork as well and had a built in compass. Packing for those types of trips had always been about economy of space and weight. He couldn't imagine lugging everything that she had along.
I have pulled a cart before...
Oh this is going to be great. I don't understand why you can't just change into a dragon and pack us there. It would be a lot quicker you know.
Alanna flashed her irritation at Thomas. You don't understand a great many things Thomas. Sometimes the journey is more important than the destination. Alanna nearly groaned as she found herself repeating the words that her father had used on her.
That sounds like something that old people say.
Well I am old. At least a lot older than you.
You're older than I'll EVER be.
That ended the conversation. 
The countryside surrounding BlueShift was quite lovely, even in the winter cold. The grass seemed to hang on to it's green colour, and many trees that looked to be deciduous still had all their leaves. The road was well worn into the grass by the many carts and waggons that had travelled this way. They would occasionally pass a caravan, or a small group of travellers that were coming up to sell their wares in BlueShift. They often gawked at Alanna, pulling her ridiculous cart of teetering cases behind her. She would just harrumph and stick her nose in the air. Thomas had no doubt that they didn't realize who she was, or some of the more pointed remarks that were made in passing, would never have dared been uttered.
The day wore on, and the two walked in relative silence. It was approaching nightfall now. When Thomas had travelled with Gatsby, he had never ceased his endless babbling, but with Alanna, it was different. She didn't speak very often. Most of the time she seemed to be lost in thought. There is a point where walking becomes a monotonous chore. Where, if you are with someone, even if that someone is a person who is likely to be unpleasant to talk to, you begin considering talking just to kill some time.
 So... began Thomas ...this Seer. Who is he exactly?
Alanna was clearly struggling to pull the heavy weight behind her, but was too proud to say anything about it. She took a strangled breath. The Seer? He's as old as the world. At least that's what dad says. He was around long before anything you see around you. I think he's the oldest living dragon in all of Alumia. He's lived at the top of Mount Trekken for as long as anyone can remember. 
So he advises the king? Thomas enquired.
Not really. He's more of a hermit. He doesn't really like visitors all that much. Dad and he have talked once before, a long time ago. You see, dad has always worried about the Alkamire dragons being in danger. I think it just comes with being the ruler, and having the responsibility to protect your people. The most dangerous threat to us has always been the Storm Dragons. However, they dislike each other as much as any other race of dragon and therefore tend to travel alone, or at most in very small groups. He has always kept track of them. 
Alanna grunted as the cart hit a pothole. Thomas felt a little guilty for not helping her with the cart. Well, he did warn her after-all.
Alanna continued, Dad visited the Seer once, long ago. It was even before I was born, and after that time, he seemed to become even more paranoid about the Storm Dragons. He would set off on these lengthy journeys to talk with the other races of dragons. I often wondered if it wasn't something The Seer had said to him that time, that set him off.
Alanna put the cart down and let out a loud breath. I think we have come far enough for tonight. How about you? Thomas had to admit, Alanna had done quite well to travel as far as she had.
This seems alright to me. Thomas took a look around. They were on an open hillside with a river just down at the bottom. There were large rock formations jutting out of the ground which would give them shelter from the elements. It was as good a place as any. The sky was clear and the stars were out. It looked to Thomas as if it was going to be a cold night.
Alanna started by unpacking things from the cart. She pulled out a tent and threw it over to Thomas. Start building. 
She smiled at Thomas, and for once, Thomas didn't mind so much taking orders. As he set up the tent, Alanna unpacked a complete campers kitchen. 
I packed enough provisions to get us through a couple of weeks, but after that we are going to have to hunt on our own.
Thomas was fighting to get a knot out of the tent strap, which had fixed itself to the pole. 
That's fine. I was a cub for several years. He smiled at Alanna. I have a basic survival skills badge. 
Alanna stared back at him with a blank expression. He was an animal for a few years? 
Ah well, if you were from my world, you would understand.
Alanna walked over and sat down beside Thomas to help him with the knot. Actually, I have been meaning to ask you, what's your world like Thomas?
Hmm, quite different than this one I suppose. I mean, we have trees and plants, but not like this. Most of our world has been taken over by cities and roads. You have to drive hundreds of kilometres just to find a forest these days. Until I came here I never realized how sad that is. 
Thomas jabbed the tent peg at the ground. There are buildings that are taller than the palace, where thousands of people live. There are lights and noise everywhere. It smells bad most of the time. Thomas paused. But I miss it too. My grandfather and all of my friends are there.
Alanna didn't quite follow everything that Thomas was saying, but she understood that it sounded like civilization had taken over to the point that nature was suffering. She supposed there was a valuable lesson there. 
Why don't you just go back then?
Thomas was still staring at the ground, then he looked up to Alanna. I have obligations. he replied simply. He didn't really care to elaborate. It was difficult enough to keep a civil tone with Alanna, but if she were to find out the truth, it would become unbearable.
Finally Thomas and Alanna were able to work the knot out and set up camp. Night was now fully upon them. Alanna prepared a fairly tasty meal with the limited rations that she had brought along. Thomas took the time while Alanna was cooking to write in his new journal. He ran a finger over the cover, remembering what Mr Nibs had told him. Every book says something about the person who owns it. Thomas wondered what this one would say about him when it was done.
What's that you have there? Alanna glanced over her shoulder as she cleaned up her supplies. 
This? Nothing really. I am just writing down the events of my journey. A diary of sorts I suppose. 
Really? Alanna gave the book an appraising look. Any chance you might share it with me when it's done?
Uh, it's kinda private. Thomas said, pulling the book closer to his chest.
Oh come on Thomas, don't be such a spoil sport. Just a quick look. Alanna reached out to grab the book from Thomas, but Thomas tumbled over backward still clutching the book. I said no!
Alanna came over and started to try to wrestle the book out of Thomas' grasp. You're being silly Thomas. I promise I won't laugh. Alanna poked Thomas in this side, then that side, but Thomas held on to the book with a death grip.
Stop it Alanna! yelled Thomas as he went red in the face.
Oh very well. Alanna picked herself awkwardly off the ground and went on with packing things back into the cart while Thomas finished detailing the first few days he had spent there.
Alanna and Thomas finished packing up for the night and settled into the tent. Alanna hadn't mentioned anything about the fact that they were staying in the same tent, so Thomas didn't bother bringing it up. The night in fact, did get quite cold. Having someone near to share warmth with was actually not a bad thing. 
*****
Morning always seemed to come along earlier when you slept outside. The feeling of cold dampness permeated everything. Thomas woke to the sounds of birds chirping happily outside. For the life of him, he couldn't figure out what it was that birds had to be so happy about in the early morning of a freezing winter. Way too early for his taste. He opened his eyes to look over at Alanna, and was a little more than surprised to see that she was already awake. Good morning. Thomas said groggily.
Alanna winced as she smiled at him. Good morning. Alanna looked as if she were in quite a bit of discomfort. 
What's the matter? Thomas suddenly felt concerned. Did something you ate disagree with you?
No, nothing like that. Alanna sighed. I suppose there is no choice. Alanna tried her best to turn toward Thomas. You remember when you pulled the rug out from under me?
Thomas nodded feeling a pang of guilt.
I ended up landing on some of the crystal figurine fragments.
Thomas winced. You mean... there? 
Alanna blushed and nodded.
Why didn't you get someone to help you with that?
I wanted to retain what little dignity I had after your attack on me. Alanna replied in a defensive tone. I think that there are still some fragments there, and I think the infection is spreading.
Why couldn't Thomas wake up to just one normal morning, and enjoy it. Thomas was no doctor, but he knew that infection could be a serious thing.
I guess I am going to have to help you with that.
Oh no you will not! Alanna backed away.
You can't travel like that. If the infection is getting worse...
Alanna sighed. Alright. Fine. Blushing furiously, she moved the blanket aside. 
Well at least we're even now. You already had seen my underwear.
I swear, once I get over this, I am going to let you have it!
Thomas shrugged. He tried to detach himself from what he was looking at. It wasn't as hard as he had thought it would be. Her bottom was badly swollen on one side. Alright, I will just move the underwear a bit to the side now.
I bet you are just enjoying this, aren't you?! Alanna was angry, in pain, frustrated, and embarrassed. Thomas was going to have to mind his etiquette.
Thomas opened the flap to the tent to let some light in, against Alanna's protests that someone might see her. Honestly, where did she think she was? He brought out a magnifying glass to focus the light briefly on the horribly discoloured bottom. He steeled his courage and pressed the area around the wounds in an attempt to figure out where the broken shards might be. 
Alanna yelped. Could you at least be a little gentle?
Thomas tried to ignore the insults and complaints that Alanna slung at him while he explored the wound. Finally he grabbed a knife from a set that he had bought at Pauls Pulsating Provisions. 
What's that for! Alanna asked with obvious concern.
What do you think it's for? I'm going to get the pieces out. I think there are at least three left in your wounds. 
Alanna cringed. Three. Great. Alright fine. But please be quick.
I will be as quick as I can your highness. I don't want to leave a scar, now do I?
Thomas handed Alanna a stick, Bite down on this.
I am not go... 
Thomas shoved the stick into Alanna's mouth before she could finish her sentence. Finally. Some quiet. Over the next hour, Thomas worked carefully on removing the shards left in Alanna's bottom, all the while trying to ignore her complaints. After finishing, he gave her a last look. He had been fairly careful, and he believed he had gotten all the shards out, but the infection looked pretty nasty. Her entire backside was blue and purple, especially around the wound. Thomas sighed. this next part is going to hurt.
What?! What are you planning to do?
Thomas bought out a bottle of vinegar. 
Alanna gave a nervous laugh. Oh you are NOT going to use that on me.
Listen, I think I got everything out, but the infection is already bad. We need to do something to disinfect the wound, and I read somewhere that pouring vinegar on a cut or wound will help clear infection. Thomas paused. The only thing is, I'm pretty sure that this is going to hurt like hell.
Alanna scoffed. Thanks for the reassurance!
You might want to put that wood back in your mouth.
I will not!
Just saying...
Nothing you do is going to... GGGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAAAHAHAA!!!
Thomas had poured the vinegar over the wound. Not only was it a good disinfectant, but it also had the power to shut up complaining princesses.
AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
Well... sort of. 
YOU!!! Get over here so I can hit you!!!
Are you sure you want that? I am still holding the vinegar.
I am going to make you suffer in ways you have never dreamed of wizard boy!
I don't think so princess.
I said get over here! It will be worse for you later if you don't! Alanna had lost it.
I just HELPED you Alanna. 
If it wasn't for you I wouldn't BE in this mess THOMAS.
Well, I think that I've done everything that I can for you. Thomas said as he got up.
You aren't going to leave me here are you?
I think it would be safer for me if I let you mend in peace for a while. You'll be fine Alanna. You should rest for a while. Keep still. I am going out to get us some food. Thomas wandered over and grabbed his fishing kit. I won't be far away, just down at the river. You can shout if you need anything. You're good at that!
 Thomas pushed his way through the flap and disappeared, leaving Alanna alone in the tent.
*****
Alanna just lay on her stomach, thinking up new insults she could throw at the miserable excuse for a travelling companion she had been stuck with. There was no way she was going to roll onto her back in her current state. She had never been so embarrassed in her life. At least the throbbing was beginning to lessen. Still, she thought Thomas had taken far to much pleasure in her situation. She was going to have to pay him back. Somehow. 
Alanna lazily looked around their tent. Thomas had left the stuff out of his pack, spread all across his side of the tent. She supposed that she should be thankful that Thomas had brought useful things as well. He did appear to be prepared for emergencies. Just as she was about to see if she could get a little sleep in, she noticed Thomas' journal sticking out from under a pair of pants. Alanna smiled wickedly. Thomas' private journal.
Wiggling painfully across the length of the tent, Alanna gingerly pulled Thomas' journal out of the clothes it was buried under. She knew it was wrong to read someone's private journal, but he had it coming. Besides, she justified, it was only natural for her own protection. She needed to know what kind of person she was involved with.
Alanna opened the book up to the first page. Thomas, she noted, had terrible penmanship. 
Dear Journal;
Not exactly sure why I have to address you as if you were a person, but I couldn't think of anything else to do.
Alanna rolled her eyes.
I am writing to chronicle my adventures here in the land of Alumia. 
Disclaimer if you should find this journal: Any individuals both living or dead who resemble those in this journal are just purely circumstantial, Ummm.. coincidental.
Basically, this is a work of fiction.
Alanna sighed.
This is the first journal I have ever written so bear with me. My first day in Alumia I met a dragon named Gatsby, who mistook me for a pink carrot. Luckily for me, he didn't eat humans.
Gatsby turned out to be an alright guy, a little too talkative for my liking, but generally alright. I told him that I came from another world, and he thought I was a wizard. I wish! He agreed to take me to meet someone in BlueShift who would be able to take me to Westminster. I believe that's where my uncle has disappeared. Evidence suggests that he may go by the name Edric Greenshoot now.
Alanna froze. Two big revelations in one paragraph. Thomas was related to Edric! He was royalty after all. However the biggest revelation. He wasn't a wizard! Suddenly Alanna felt ill. What had she gotten herself into? She couldn't let her father find out. If he found out... No. She didn't want to think about that. She had been utterly deceived by Gatsby and Thomas. She was so angry she could spit. Still, she thought, there was a legitimate connection to Edric, so it might not matter in the end. 
Alanna thought back on all that happened. Was the boy a complete fool? He had walked up to her father, faced Tretchbolt all the while he was merely a 14 year old human with no abilities whatsoever? Tretchbolt had a word for that. Snack.
Gatsby took me to BlueShift, a city of Blue Dragons, which for some reason choose to be human most of the time. He said he could find help for us there, but really all he found was trouble. Lots of trouble. 
He was in trouble with this princess who lived there. Something about failure to appear at an arranged arrangement for an arranged marriage or something. I decided to follow him and make sure he was alright. That was the biggest mistake of my life. 
Alanna kept reading. The journal went on to describe their encounter from a slightly skewed perspective. Flipping through the journal, Alanna began to notice that the pages were numbered, and that Thomas, for some reason, seemed to have taken pages out here and there. From what she remembered of her travels so far with him, the pages that were missing should describe events that happened with her. The dinner, that night. The trip out here so far. They were all missing. Alanna put the book back as carefully as she could, the way she found it. She didn't believe he was going to notice anything amiss considering the manner in which he kept his stuff. 
The fact that Thomas lied to her still boiled inside her like lava, but she was going to have to control herself. She wanted to know more, and the best way to find out more was to let him keep writing in that journal, and pretend she knew nothing.
It was middle of the day again when she heard Thomas return. He seemed to be clanging around outside Eventually he poked his head in. 
Alanna?
What would you like? Alanna supposed that she could afford a little anger after Thomas clumsy attempt at 'helping' her.
I just thought I would check in on you. I caught some kind of fish in the river. I am just cooking them now, and wondered if you would like some.
Harrumph. Alanna was actually quite hungry, and the smell of the fish cooking over the open flame was making her stomach growl.
A short time later, Thomas pushed through the tent flap with a tray that he had obviously stolen from Alanna's cart. He placed it down next to Alanna. Thomas had given her a healthy portion of fish as well as some fresh cut fruit, placed in a bowl to the side. There was a glass of water and some flowers. 
Thomas seemed to flush a bit when he noticed her looking at the flowers. I'm not sure about the fruit. It looked similar to something we called apples. I hope it's not poisonous.
Don't think for one moment that this gets you off the hook!
Eat quickly, we really should get going. Thomas said as he started to organize his things.
And how do you suppose that I am going to move in my condition?
I'll let you eat. If you need anything, I will be just outside.
Thomas left the tent again, leaving Alanna alone with her meal. What was wrong with that boy? 
Alanna took a bite of the fish and washed it down with the water. Pah. She guessed she would suffer through the meal, but it was bland, with no seasoning. A chef Thomas was not. Still it had been thoughtful of him to cook for her. She was just about done the last of the hollief fruit when Thomas came back in. 
You're finished? It's about time we got moving.
I still have no idea how you plan to move me. 
Thomas reached down and slung Alanna over his shoulder like an old laundry sack.
 HEY! You can't just pick me up like that! 
Would you have let me had I asked you? Thomas asked over his shoulder.Of course not! Alanna replied, hanging upside down.
Then what's the point of wasting time arguing? 
Thomas packed Alanna out of the tent and laid her down on the back of the hand cart. He had arranged the items to create a kind of seat. Over top of the items, he had laid a thick blanket for comfort. 
Hopefully this won't be too uncomfortable. Thomas said as he walked back to the tent. 
This isn't going to work Thomas. Alanna looked around. Unfortunately her view was of the road behind them rather than the camp. Alanna sighed in exasperation. 
Well that should do it. Thomas said from behind, startling her. 
Alanna tried to shuffle around, unsuccessfully, to get a better view of Thomas. I was trying to tell you, this isn't going to work. 
I know, I heard you.
Why didn't you reply then! Alanna didn't like to be ignored.
Because I didn't feel like arguing. I have to save my energy for the trip ahead.
As Alanna couldn't see Thomas, she glared at the road behind her. Well you'll see. This is the stupidest thing that you have done so far. 
Worse than breaking into your room?
Alanna had to think for a moment. 
Or worse than pretending to be your fiancee?
Alanna clenched her teeth, We'll see.
Taking a deep breath, Thomas grabbed the end of the cart and started to haul Alanna up the path toward Mount Trekken.
*****
Victor sat on his cold throne impatiently listening to the storm outside. It should be soon. The Shadow would return with his victim, and he would figure out the significance of the girl who had activated the bowl of seeing.
The candles in the room stared to waver, a few going out. A cold breeze swept through, alerting Victor to the Shadow's presence.
Master. A deathly whisper of a voice emanated from the corners of the room. 
Victor stood up and looked around the room. Victor would never admit it out loud, but the Shadow's presence was more than a little unnerving. Especially hearing the voice come from all around. Not knowing exactly where it was caused Victor to jump on several occasions. The trick was to look for the darkest corner, and that was usually where the Shadow was.
You are back! croaked the old man. Bring me my prize.
Master. You were incorrect. came the omnipresent whisper. 
What do you mean I was incorrect. exclaimed the old wizard whipping his head around from corner to corner. He was starting to feel both dizzy and irritated.
There is no girl. 
That's ridiculous! I saw her in the bowl of seeing. There is a girl! The old man spat and turned on his heel. He grabbed the bowl of seeing from the pedestal beside his throne. 
You dim witted creature! It's not just your form that is absent. 
Victor passed his hand over the bowl.
Bowl! Show me the traveller from before! 
Small tendrils of smoke erupted from the surface and started to swirl around above the liquid. The bowl changed colours and started to glow. Victor gazed into it as shapes started to solidify inside. At first the image was faint, as if the age of the bowl made it slow to work, but gradually, a meadow came into view. It was a typical forest setting, with great old trees and a river running alongside a path. On the path there was a cart, being pulled by a boy. On the cart, sat a girl with long dark hair. Very fetching, if you cared about that sort of thing.
See?! Honestly, I have no idea what is the matter with you. I give you a simple set of instructions. Bring the girl. Unhurt.
The Shadow gazed at the bowl from his corner of the room. It did not believe that the girl they looked upon now, was the one in the bowl before, but it didn't feel like pointing this out. It really mattered very little to it. As long as it followed instructions, there was little the wizard could do to it.
That girl there. Go get her!
Yes. The Shadow's cold voice came from all directions. Just as fast as the Shadow had appeared, it left to hunt out its new prey. The girl. At least it would have a snack before taking the girl. It didn't appear that the master cared about the boy. The Shadow would have smiled if it could have.
CHAPTER 19
TRAPPED
Thomas wiped his brow on the back of his shirtsleeve as he stood beneath Mount Trekken. Three weeks had stretched into a month with Alanna's injured leg. It wasn't really an injured leg, Thomas knew that, but if he were talking to Alanna, anytime he used the proper term for where the injury was, Alanna would find something in the provisions to throw at him.
Thomas was worn to the bone, but he had managed to drag the cart with Alanna to the foot of the mountain. She had finally given up protesting a couple of weeks before. She could be quite persistent even when it was obvious that he was managing. He had felt terrible when he discovered he was responsible for her poor health. There hadn't been much to decide, he had to help her until she was well enough to stand on her own. Time had helped however, and Alanna was feeling much better now. Staring up at the mountain ahead, Thomas hoped she would be able to walk up under her own power. If he had to go much farther pulling her in that cart, she would have to haul him up that hill.
I am guessing that we're there then? came a voice from the cart. Alanna was still facing the wrong direction.
Yeah, I think so. Thomas collapsed to the ground gulping for air. 
Good. Now I expect you to keep your word. I don't want to be carted around like produce anymore. Alanna pushed herself up off the cart and wobbled over to where Thomas was sitting. 
You're crazy you know.
I know. Thomas replied coolly. But we made it. Told you we would.
I could have walked weeks ago. 
Thomas really was one of the most stubborn individuals that she had dealt with. When he got it into his head that he was going to do something, he didn't let up. Or give up. Alanna looked at Thomas sitting at the side of the path. He looked absolutely beat and was completely covered in sweat. She had noticed though, over the course of the month, his physique was building. A result of pulling around a lot of dead weight she figured. She cocked her head to the side as if seeing someone else emerging from his shell. Every day he looked less and less like a boy, and was starting to approach something that looked like a man.
Alanna sat down beside Thomas wanting to say something kind for a change to the wizard boy. Perhaps it was time to stop thinking of him as 'The Wizard Boy'.
 I never thanked you.
Hm? Thomas was obviously conserving his energy for rudimentary tasks, like breathing.
You could have run away. You could have abandoned me when I was injured.
If I had no conscience, maybe I could have done that. Thomas looked down at the ground in front of him. Actually, I never apologized. I should have. I dropped down on you from your bed. You must have been scared to death. And... I caused your injury.
Let's call that one a draw then. I hit you several times with my training sword. I was in the process of trying to brain you when you did what you did. It was defensive, I don't blame you.
Still, I could have found a better way. Thomas picked up a stick beside him, and started to push rocks around on the ground. I have never really been good socially.
Oh?
Yeah. Thomas turned and laughed. Hard to imagine hey? Back at home, I would be the one most likely at the library. At a dance, I would be standing at the side, talking about movies and books with others similar to me. I never got to dance with the pretty girl. I never scored a goal in sports. I pretty much have to fall into a situation that forces me to talk to strike up a conversation. Thomas rocked to the side, pushing Alanna gently with his shoulder, Or into their bed in your case.
Alanna gave Thomas an appraising glance. I think you might do quite well in sports now, don't you?
Alanna sighed and joined in pushing rocks around with Thomas. 
At least you have the opportunity to socialize with normal people. For me? It's always lord that, or lady that. If someone wants to go out with me? They have to go through my father. You can imagine how often that happens. Alanna considered this for a moment. 
You're actually the only one that my father has allowed to date me outright. You must have impressed him. 
Yeah, with my credentials. Thomas stabbed at another rock on the path. 
Alanna tried to block the rock from skidding off to the side with her own stick.
By the way, what's the point of this game? Alanna asked.
I wasn't aware it was a game!
Oh. Alanna said, and flicked the rock that Thomas had stabbed at earlier, off to the side of the road.
Alanna felt sorry for him. He had lied to her, true. However, he had been tossed into this role against his will. Considering how he came to be with her, he had treated her much better than he had to. Here he was, a normal kid, taking care of a princess. No special abilities, no special training. Just a boy in over his head.
Thomas and Alanna just sat at the foot of the mountain together in the quiet of the forest for a fair bit of time, and for once, the silence was comforting and rejuvenating. 
At last Thomas got up and walked over to the cart. This will probably be the last chance I have to write in my journal before we make the trip up. Do you mind if I take a few minutes to myself?
That's fine. You're still not going to share with me what's so important about that journal? In truth, Alanna had found moments to sneak peeks into it, but so far, most of what she read was a day by day narrative of their adventure. However she noticed every so often, a page would go missing. She wished she knew where he was keeping those hidden pages. It bugged her, because it would most certainly be pages about her. Judging by the book, there were quite a few of them about her. That concerned Alanna. He was holding back. When they first met, if he was angry, he would come right out and insult her. Usually in the harshest way. Now that they had been travelling together for a while, he no longer complained. Actually, she couldn't remember the last time he had said a single unkind thing about her since leaving their first camp. She would have preferred if he would let things out as he went along, rather than let it pent up inside.
Do you think you are up for the walk? asked Thomas as he finished writing.
Alanna gently placed her arm over his shoulder. You carried me this far. We'll do the rest together. It was just after midday by the position of the sun. Luckily they could still see it up in the sky. There was a storm coming in. She would like to be to the half way point when it hit if possible. There were caves where they could take shelter.
*****
Thomas surreptitiously removed a few pages from his journal and placed them in a small pack that he wore on the inside of his shirt. It wouldn't be good if Alanna had read those pages. At the same time, he had to leave something behind, in case she did look at it. If she realized that he was hiding pages...
The cart was going to stay behind, here at the bottom. They took out a tarp and pulled it tight over the belongings that they left behind. The provisions in their pack would still carry them for a few more days, long enough for them to reach The seer above. Thomas had been responsible for their dinners for the past month. He did his best to trap wild game, fish, and look for fruit in the wilderness. You never knew when things would take a turn for the worse, and he wanted to make sure their supplies carried them through any tough patches that came along. It was winter, and if this place was similar to home, it wasn't the easiest time of year to find food.
Thomas held his breath as he watched Alanna get ready. She was radiant as usual. He could almost wish that his marriage to her was more than an illusion instead of a tool to help release her from another relationship. A relationship with Gatsby. He felt a sudden flash of jealousy. She was very close with Gatsby. He wondered if Gatsby had stayed for the ceremony, would she have been happily married to him by now? Thomas shook those thoughts out of his head. The truth is, if he hadn't run away, Thomas would never have had this adventure with a beautiful woman. The hardship was more than worth the company. 
It was getting on in the afternoon when Alanna and Thomas finally started up the hill. Thomas didn't like the look of the sky. The wind was starting to pick up, and the temperature was starting to drop. Alanna looked determined, but the weeks of pulling Alanna in the cart had taken a toll on Thomas. Climbing up these steep inclines were a little beyond what his scrawny body could handle. As Alanna pressed ahead with determination, he stumbled and fell to one knee. Alanna was half way up the path before she noticed Thomas struggling to stand behind her.
It may have been silly, but Thomas didn't want her to notice his lack of stamina. He realized that he was probably trying to show off for the princess, and he feared any sign of weakness would only lessen his image in her eyes. He pushed himself to his feet and with legs of jelly, pushed himself hard to go up the hill. 
Are you alright Thomas? 
I'm just a little tired. But I'll be alright. I stumbled over a root back there.
If you need to stop, we can rest here for now.
Thomas just looked up at the sky. The clouds were getting darker at an alarming pace. He didn't like the feel of it. I think we better keep going.
Picking up on Thomas' concern, Alanna nodded.
It wasn't even ten minutes later when the rain started. At first it was innocent enough, but then it started to come down with a ferocity that Thomas had never experienced before. Water quickly gathered in the path that they were climbing up. It was pooling, and running down where it could. Thomas was already soaked to the skin. He tried to keep his eyes on Alanna, pushing himself to keep up with her.
Then, all hell broke loose. The sky opened up with a crack of thunder and lightening that hit the side of a bank up the hill in front of them. Thomas reeled from the noise as well as the light. He had to squint to see Alanna through the storm. There was a cracking noise from where the lightening had struck, and the bank started to give way. 
Get off to the side! cried Alanna in desperation.
Thomas was dumbstruck as a flood of water pushed the sides of the bank out, and started channelling down the path toward him. He made an honest attempt to lunge out of the way of the fast moving stream, but he was so exhausted that he didn't even make it more than a few feet before the water had caught him and was hauling him down the mountainside. 
So this is it, thought Thomas as he was carried away. He could see that the water was taking him toward the edge of the mountain at an alarming speed. He was almost too tired to care about his predicament. He had a lot of regrets, but not enough time to think about them. He closed his eyes and wished Alanna a long and happy life. Just as he resigned himself to the inevitable, something swooped out of the sky and grabbed him. Dazed, Thomas looked up blearily through the downpour. A blue dragon. It carried him to a ledge far above and set him down gingerly. 
I suppose there is not much we can do about this is there? 
Thomas blinked. Alanna? He had almost forgotten that she was a dragon. He had never seen her transform before. 
Not much we can do about wha...
But before Thomas could finish, Alanna changed back to human. 
Thomas stood gaping. Standing before him in the pouring rain, was a beautiful woman, entirely disrobed. Thomas went completely red.
You could have warned me! Thomas shot at Alanna, not entirely angry.
Alanna swooned and dropped. 
What's the matter?! Thomas dropped to the ground beside Alanna, took off his jacket, which was thoroughly soaked anyway, and wrapped it around Alanna. 
Sorry Thomas. I had no choice. It takes a great deal of energy to hold that form on the rations we have been eating lately. Alanna took a deep breath. I just didn't have the strength to hold on to the dragon form. 
Thomas didn't really understand, but he could see that she really wasn't in the condition to answer a lot of questions. She had just saved his life. 
Thomas grabbed Alanna up in his arms and started to carry her.
No Thomas, you are weak.
I've got news for you Alanna, you aren't doing much better. 
Thomas knew he wouldn't be able to carry her very far, so he started to look for somewhere the two of them could take shelter from the storm. 
There are caves not too far from here. If we can get to them, we should be able to get some shelter.
The storm had picked up and was making life even more miserable, if that was possible. The wind was blowing so hard, that for every two steps they made forward, they took one back. The rain turned the hard packed dirt underfoot to mud. Thomas was having to fight just to keep his feet under him. 
We're almost there Thomas. Look! Alanna pointed into the distance. Thomas could barely make out some dark orifices in the rock wall ahead. He let out a sigh of relief, and allowed himself a moment to smile. A little too soon.
A rumbling came from above. Thomas just had time to look up to see the mountainside coming down on them. In a desperate split second decision, Thomas saw a small natural alcove jutting into the side of the mountain path they were on. With what little strength Thomas had remaining, he shoved Alanna with all his might into the opening a split second before the mountain came down on him. 
THOMAS!!! Alanna screamed. No one replied.
CHAPTER 20
HOMECOMING
 Ganton Blackrock paced around the room trying to keep his emotions in check. So far he hadn't been too successful.
You're lucky I don't have you stripped of your title and exiled. Ganton was fighting to keep his voice clear, but it trembled with anger.
I'd understand if you did father. All I can say is I'm sorry.
That's not all you can say. You can explain to me exactly what was going through your thick head when you decided to take off on the day of the engagement party. Ganton pounded his desk with his fist. Then to run off. Not to even tell me where you were going, or why.
Oh come on. I know what you would have done. 
Exactly what is it that you think I would have done. Ganton asked making no more effort to mask his anger.
You know exactly what you would have done. You would have forced me to go back. You would have made me go through with the marriage, no matter what I wanted. It's always been the same story with you. I wanted to study architecture, you wanted me to study military strategies, battles, leaders, armies. There has never been any room for what I want. 
You're right! And it would have been for your own good! 
Do you even have any idea what's good for me? You're trying to build me into something I'm not. I have no interest in ruling! I never did. You have other sons who would jump at the chance. Why the interest in me?
Don't tell me that you can't figure that out on your own. Isn't it obvious? You had a connection to the Alkamire Dragons. We could have been on an equal footing with them. An alliance of that strength would have guaranteed our place in the hierarchy.
Gatsby walked over to a tapestry hanging behind Ganton's desk. That's always the answer isn't it? Gatsby shook his fist at the tapestry, an intricately woven rendition of the Ganton family tree. That's what it has always been about. Manoeuvring. Power. Were you ever a son? Or a proper father? Did anything but this... Gatsby stabbed his finger at the tapestry, ...mean anything to you?
You ungrateful little wretch! I cared for you. I gave you everything you needed. I nourished you, I protected you. The only time that you can do something for me, for your people, you shove it back in my face!
What you thought I needed, not what I wanted.
And what of Alanna? She wasn't good enough for you?
Gatsby stumbled on mention of Alanna's name. What could he say about her? He hadn't even figured out what he felt about her. Hearing her name mentioned invoked a piercing sharp pain through his chest. He couldn't help but feel he had made a mistake there.
Ganton caught his son's momentary cringe at the mention of her name. So, there is something there. Ganton was watching his son like a hawk. His tone softened, his movements became more gentle. I don't get it Gatsby. Why go through this elaborate charade to get out of a marriage before you are even sure of how you feel about her?
I would think that was obvious. I don't like being told what I can and can't do! I don't want to be forced into a marriage! She doesn't want that either! If we were forced against our wills, we would feel nothing but resentment, a crippling distaste for the conditions that led to our union that we might never get over. She is much too precious a friend for me to let that happen. Had you left well enough alone, we may have ended up together on our own. Gatsby placed his hand against the tapestry. He couldn't look at his father. He knew that he had lost this argument the moment he had realized... he loved Alanna. 
So you leave her in the arms of a human wizard. They are off together on an adventure, and you are sent here. Ganton idly studied the mug on his desk. Big mistake.
Gatsby couldn't hold in the anxiety that had been gnawing away inside him for the past few days, he let it out in a devastating burst. Don't you think I know I have made a mistake! Gatsby roared and slammed his fist against the wall.
King Ganton nodded to himself. Maybe all was not lost. Alkamire Aqual is a clever king. He's already tied us to him as servants, regardless of the marriage thanks to your mistake. 
Ganton watched Gatsby through the corner of his eye. Gatsby tightened his fist at the mention of his 'mistake'. Good. Sending you here while he sent the two of them on a mission to the seer... he wants to have the humans wrapped around his fingers as well.
It's all a ruse! Gatsby was starting to pace, his protests directed more at himself and his logic than his father. 
As you have told me. But Thomas is a boy, and Alanna is a very attractive girl. Alkamire knows this, and has neatly moved you out of the picture, while they set off on an adventure together? Why do you think the king wants them to travel together? He could have sent the human there with a guard or someone more able to protect them. Why risk sending his daughter alone with this human?
Gatsby could feel his arms quivering uncontrollably as his hands clenched and unclenched. Why was it only now that he was feeling this way about Alanna? Was it because there was never anyone else to worry about? 
Thomas would never do anything! I'm the one who arranged it!
And, of course, you asked them not to fall in love?
They hate each other!
That type of intense emotion can swing from one extreme to the other in a heartbeat.
What would you have me do about it?! Gatsby shouted.
Fight for her damn it! King Alkamire Aqual plans to place us third, behind the humans. I simply won't accept this. You shouldn't either! She should have been yours. You still have time to undo what you have done!
Gatsby could feel the jealousy taking control, he knew he had to do something about it. But what? Gatsby laughed coldly to himself. He's not even a real wizard you know.
Ganton fumbled with the mug nearly sending it crashing to the floor. What did you say?
Thomas, he's not a real wizard. Gatsby sat down heavily in the chair across from his father. He travelled to our world by accident. When I found him, I agreed to help him find his uncle. That's how we came to be in BlueShift. I thought the Alkamire Dragons might know where his uncle had gone.
That's IT son! Ganton slammed a hand down on the desk in front of him. You challenge the king of the Alkamire Dragons with the claim that Thomas isn't really a wizard! He will have to react to that. If he doesn't know, he will likely be angry enough to get rid of the human himself, then you can sweep in. If he did know about this, then challenging him publicly... he will have no choice but to denounce him. Either way you win!
I couldn't do that to Thomas. It was my fault he got into this situation.
This isn't about Thomas, this is about Alanna, your future, my future, the kingdom's future. There are more important issues here. If Thomas is willing to go along, you can aid him in escaping this mess. If not...
Gatsby considered this. The king will be just as angry with me for letting this happen. 
He may be angry for a while. Given time though, he will want to keep our alliance strong. You told me about the threat to the dragons, he will want us united. I doubt that he will do anything to alienate any faction now. When he's ready, you will make your move. 
It made sense. Some small part of Gatsby cried out that he couldn't do this. It was his fault that he had put Thomas through this in the first place. Unfortunately there was a larger part that felt anger, jealousy, and the longer he thought of Thomas alone with Alanna, the worse it got. 
Alright father. I will go to King Alkamire and talk with him.
Ganton smiled slyly, Make sure it's in public. We don't want to let him get out of this one.
Gatsby nodded slowly. He hoped that things wouldn't be too rough for Thomas, but Gatsby knew what he needed to do now. With a mere nod to his father, he walked out of the throne room, straight through the doors to the courtyard and launched himself into the sky. He would be there before Alanna returned to set things right.
CHAPTER 21
REVELATIONS
Drip. 
Drip. 
Drip. 
Darkness engulfed Alanna. Moisture was raining down from the cracks in the rocks that had barricaded her against the mountain wall. Her senses were reeling.
THOMAS! Alanna screamed in desperation. She reached out in the darkness to feel around. Her pack! Thomas had thrown her and the packs when the avalanche had come down on them. She desperately yanked it around in front of her, hoping against hope that they weren't broken. They weren't. Hands shaking, Alanna took the two halves of the crystal and put them together. A magical trinket. A gift from Edric. When the two made a whole, they produced light. Thomas' life now counted on them working. The crystal produced a high pitched humming and came to life. Within seconds, the area around her was bathed in purple light, matching the hue of the gem.
Immediately Alanna saw the arm protruding from under some stone. With adrenalin flowing through her veins, Alanna heaved the rocks one by one off Thomas. Most of his upper body was alright, but his legs had been completely buried. It took Alanna ten minutes of digging at his legs to get him out. It was all she could do to keep from going hysterical. She rolled him onto his back. He was breathing, but he was unconscious. 
She ran her hands over his body checking for any injuries. When she got to the stomach, she felt something hidden in his clothing. Carefully she pulled it out. It was a pouch. She placed it to the side, and finished checking Thomas over. He had a nasty gash on his right leg and undoubtedly was going to be bruised beyond belief, but he had been extremely lucky. It looked as though most of the rocks had rolled in on him rather than hit him directly. 
She watched him breathing raggedly in the soft glow of the purple light. He had sacrificed his life for hers without thinking. Alanna was dazed. He was not at all what she had thought he would be. He had taken good care of her. He had honoured an absurd agreement to trick her father for her sake. He had mended her wounds when she was in great need. He had provided food for the last month, and carried her all the way to Mount Trekken. Now... 
Alanna punched the ground. WHY?! she shouted at an unconscious Thomas. Alanna sat in the purple light for several minutes, then remembered the pouch. What was in the pouch?
Picking it up, Alanna pulled out the contents and held them in the light. The missing journal pages! She realized this was the reason she never had found them before. He had never put them down.
Part of her wanted to hold back, wanted to honour Thomas. The pages were there in front of her, casting their hypnotic spell on her. For a month she had wanted to know what he had been writing about her. This would be her only chance to know. She pulled Thomas up toward her so that his head rested on her lap. Then she began to read to herself the forbidden chronicles.
Dear Journal,
I am not sure what day it is, but I guess it doesn't matter. I want to write a little about the time that I met Alanna.
The first time that I met her, was the worst, and now I think, maybe best day of my life. I was hiding on top of her canopy bed, just hoping that no one would find me when she walked into the room. She lay down on the bed directly underneath me! I was terrified about being caught, but as I stared down at her, I couldn't help but feel that she was the most amazingly beautiful girl I had ever seen. Her eyes held me in such a trance that I didn't realize that there was anything wrong until I heard the bed crack. 
Needless to say, she wasn't impressed with my entrance. The ensuing fight led to a particularly hard situation between the princess and I. Gatsby wanted out of a relationship with her. Frankly though, I'm not sure how badly she wanted out. However, she went along with Gatsby's plan and forced me into an arrangement which requires me to play her new husband to be. 
At first, I thought this was going to be disaster. But the more I am around her, the more I feel alive, really alive for the first time in my life. 
Alanna sat looking at the page in front of her. She ran her fingers over Thomas damp hair. He was getting a fever. At the very least, he was breathing, but she hadn't the strength to pull him out yet. She needed rest, and hopefully, he would wake up, and be able to walk out of here on his own. She had thought for sure he was going to lambaste her in the pages that he was keeping to himself. She hadn't even once considered that he was hiding the fact that he liked her company. Why would he do that? She felt sad. All the nice things that he had said, and all she could do was feel sad. He hadn't been so bad really. Alanna flipped the page over and began to read the next one.
Dear Journal;
Today is the day that I 'operated' on Alanna. She was her usual rosy self, but I can't really blame her. She's in a great deal of pain and discomfort. It was hard for me to take those shards of crystal out of her. One day I will have to ask her why she doesn't change into a dragon. That should lessen the pain I would think. The shards would be no more than slivers.
Despite the severe discolouration, seeing her in her undergarments took my breath away. I hope she didn't see me blushing. My face was on fire the entire time I was working on her. I wonder if she realizes this is why I couldn't talk to her afterword. I certainly didn't want her to see how red I was. I am going to make it up to her. I won't let her walk until after she's fully healed. It's the least I can do.
Alanna flipped over to the last page of missing paper. She could almost feel the direction the forbidden pages were taking. It wasn't at all what she had expected. Not this. Her heart was racing as she went on to the last page. Was she really afraid of what it might say?
Dear Journal.
We've arrived at Trekken. I should be happy that we are finally here but I'm not. I suppose I am afraid of what the Seer will say when we finally reach him, but I don't think that's the main reason. I'm just sad. These past weeks have let me live a life that I may never know again. I have taken care of Alanna. I cooked for her, and travelled with her, and without a doubt, they have been the best weeks of my life. I remember being frustrated that we had to walk here. I am so glad that it worked out that way. I might never have had the chance to really get to know her if we had only travelled a few days. The journey wasn't exactly easy. I have never had so many blisters, but the company has made up for it by far. 
As I sit here writing this, looking at Alanna, who is desperately trying to look like she isn't interested in what I am writing, I fully realize why I am sad. It will end one day. We are approaching the finish of a very unlikely chapter. As soon as she has her freedom, she will drift away. This saddens me more than anything, for now I know... for all her complaining, for all the scheming and hardships, for all the danger, I can't imagine life without her. I have fallen in love with her... and she will never know.
Tremors ran through her body as she read the last words of the last page. Her eyes grew bleary as tears welled up and spilled over her face. You idiot. Alanna said in a gentle voice. Putting down the journal pages she held Thomas' head on her lap and stared down at his helpless figure.
What do I do? Alanna continued to stroke Thomas' hair. She tried to hold back her feelings, but the tears just welled up in greater force, and ran down her face in spite of her. 
Drip.
Drip.
Drip.
CHAPTER 22
SHADOW ON THE ROCKS
Lightning arced across the sky. Rain was coming down in torrents. The Shadow was making its way up the mountainside. Of course it didn't mind the darkness, but the constant rain was beginning to bother it. It knew that its prey was close now. It had been following them for weeks, always a few steps behind. But now the one that he hunted for, was close by.
Many people thought that the Shadow was just that. A shadow, nothing more. They didn't realize that this Shadow was an actual being. It had flesh just like any other being. It breathed, it ate, and it even slept. Very few had ever seen the Shadow for whom he actually was. It had been a human once, now twisted by the evil magic of the wizard Victor, he was forced to hunt other living beings for sustenance.
Up ahead, the mountainside spilled over the path. A landslide, it thought to itself. If it could feel anything, the Shadow would have groaned, but since Victor's magic was absolute, it had no choice. One by one, the Shadows started to move the heavy rocks.
* * * * *
Alanna now held Thomas in her arms. She wept on his shoulder. She had no idea how to get out of this. Thomas was starting to burn up. Even the light from the crystal began to wane. For the longest time the only sound she heard was the sound of the rain falling, on the rocks outside. She was careful to put the pages that Thomas was hiding, back where she had found them. She didn't want him to know that she had been snooping through his stuff. Alanna had no idea how much time had passed. It seemed like hours since the landslide had trapped them against the mountainside. She could still hear the rain outside, but it was softer now.
Suddenly she felt something. Thomas moved! A weak groan emitted from him. He was going to be all right! 
"Not the stuffies!" Thomas' voice shouted out. 
Thomas was waking up from a very bad dream. He was a little boy, home from school. He had caught a serious sickness, and his mother was caring for him. She had just told him that they were going to have to get rid of all his favorite stuffed animals when Thomas jolted awake. At first, everything was just a purple blur. Where was he? He was both boiling hot and ice cold all at the same time. Then he became aware of something warm and soft behind him.
Stay still. You've had quite a day. 
Alanna! Then it all came crashing back to him. The flash flood. The avalanche. Somehow he was still alive. Thomas smiled weakly to himself, and so was Alanna. 
Alanna. Are you alright? 
Shaken a little, but otherwise I'm alright. I am certainly doing better than you. I wasn't sure you were going to make it out of this mess.
Thomas allowed himself a weak laugh. Me neither. 
The water and rain had taken their toll on Thomas, he was shivering and feverish. Alanna held him closer, trying to keep him warm. 
So how do we get out of here? Thomas asked Alanna.
I'm not sure. I have looked around, but I see no obvious...
Obvious? Thomas asked, but Alanna shushed him. 
She thought she heard the sound of rocks grinding. At first it was faint, but then the sound grew. Do you hear that?
Thomas strained to listen for whatever it was Alanna was listening to. At first he couldn't hear anything but the rain dripping, but then he heard it too. It sounded like something was digging them out!
Slowly, but steadily, the noise grew closer. 
We're over here! cried Alanna.
No one replied.
That's strange. They should be able to hear us. Unless. Thomas felt it. The unmistakable fear and darkness creeping into his heart. The Shadow!
How do you know it's the Shadow? You never wrote... and just like that, Alanna realized her mistake too late.
Wrote? Thomas was in shock. Alanna had read his journal. Hastily he felt for the pouch stuffed in the front of his shirt. It was still there. Did that mean that she hadn't read those pages? At best, she knew that he wasn't a wizard. At worst, he didn't want to think about worst case scenarios. Luckily, or unluckily, he didn't have the time to think about much of anything. 
Daylight was starting to crack through where the rocks were disappearing, and he could make out the dark form of the Shadow, gliding back and forth, pulling the rocks away. This was the first time that Thomas had seen it in the daylight. It looked like a lanky human, surrounded by a dark cloud, however, there was nothing human about its movement. It tossed aside boulders with slow and steady ease that should have been impossible for a man of its size to even lift. 
The Shadow wasn't leaving any room for them to escape. It was very methodically cutting an area for it to come into. 
The fear was overwhelming now. Thomas turned to look at Alanna. She was frozen, staring directly into the face of the Shadow. 
What do you want? Thomas asked the Shadow in a shaky voice. The Shadow just ignored him and continued to dig the pathway out.
You don't have to do this! Thomas desperately looked around for a way out.
Take me then, but leave her alone. 
No! Alanna yelled behind Thomas.
It's not you the master is after. came a cold voice. He wants the girl.
Thomas pressed against Alanna as if his body would provide her protection. The fear was nearly paralyzing now. He had to snap out of it. There had to be some way to break through the fear. The oppresive atmosphere that the Shadow was surrounded in made an effective weapon. It would be hard for a person to protect himself if he couldn't even move. Suddenly he remembered something his public speaking teacher had told him. Imagine the audience in ridiculous outfits. However, the only thing that Thomas could think of at the moment was the pink pyjamas that he had come in, which were packed away in his travelling bag. Closing his eyes, Thomas did his best to imagine the Shadow dressed in pink pyjamas. Thomas laughed out loud.
T... Thomas?! Alanna asked in disbelief. 
Thomas began laughing whole heartedly. This startled the Shadow. It stood before the opening it had made for a few moments trying to decide what was happening. Was someone actually laughing at him?
The more Thomas thought of the Shadow running around terrorizing in pink pyjamas, the more it made him laugh. 
Th... th... the Shadow! Wearing pink pyjamas! Thomas pointed at the Shadow and doubled over in hysterics. 
Thomas! Alanna exclaimed.
The arm that Thomas was pointing at the Shadow was starting to glow a pale blue. Thomas stared at disbelief at his own pointing arm. All I did was think, of the Shadow dressed in pink! 
A blue light arced off his arm and hit the Shadow square in the chest. Pink clothing erupted over its surface and the dark haze disappeared around it.
The Shadow was clearly shaken. It backed away a few steps. 
Thomas was even more shaken than the Shadow was. 
What was THAT? 
 He would have jumped backwards if there had been anywhere to go. 
You cast a spell! Alanna said in disbelief.
The Shadow was no longer trying to advance on them, it seemed to be trying to analyze the situation. 
Quickly Thomas! GET RID OF IT! 
HOW?! 
Seeing the two humans arguing, the Shadow started to sweep forward again. It must act quickly if this boy was a wizard.
Thomas was desperately trying to figure out what he had done. He had thought of the Shadow dressed in pink, and his arm had started to glow. Then bolts of blue light had shot out at it. 
Thomas tried to imagine the Shadow going back where ever it came from. He imagined it with all his might. He imagined it being forced away, flying away, dissappearing into thin air. Nothing. The Shadow swept inside of the alcove.
He closed his eyes, kept thinking to himself, 'send it back' 'send it back'. He opened his eyes again. The Shadow was almost on them. Blue flames erupted from his arm again, much brighter. Now what? What else had he done last time? 
The only other thing he had done was tell Alanna why he had been laughing.
Don't worry, I'm going to send it away Alanna! 
Great! 
Alanna and Thomas sat there. Alanna bathed in purple, Thomas in blue, the Shadow reaching out to Thomas. 
Now would be good!
Why didn't it work? Last time, what exactly had he said? 'All I did was think, of the Shadow dressed in pink.' It rhymed! Thomas didn't have time to think about how cliche that was. 
Return from where you came, dress your master in the same!
In a blink of an eye, the blue flames that licked over Thomas arm exploded into the Shadow, engulfing him. One moment he was there, the next he was gone.
Alanna pushed her way up from Thomas, looking to where the Shadow had been only a moment ago. She shook her head. 
What was that last part that you said?
Thomas had been desperately trying to think of a rhyme. He hadn't paid much attention as to whether or not it made sense. 
Dress your master in the same?
Alanna and Thomas looked at each other for a moment, and then started laughing. 
*****
The Shadow felt dizzy. It was disoriented. One thing it was sure of, it was no longer anywhere near its prey. The wizard boy had sent him away somewhere. 
It looked like it had materialized in the middle of its master's throne room. Victor, who was just sitting down with a meal tray, jumped, causing the tray and its contents to land on his lap. 
DAMN IT! Announce yourself Shadow! 
Victor then stood there staring at the Shadow in confusion. Was it wearing pink?
The Shadow became aware that it was holding a nice set of cashmere pyjamas. Pink with white bunnies. He knew what he must do. The Shadow held the pyjamas out in front of itself. Like a zombie, it moved forward toward Victor. The Shadow had no control over its actions, but that was nothing new. The master's clothing was old and dingy, and now that it was soiled, he needed something new to wear anyway.
In the distance, a traveller carrying wears from Westminster to BlueShift, heard an unearthly loud shrieking coming from the castle on the top of Mount Rift. Forevermore the traveller would tell of the night he heard something screaming Pink Pyjamas! from the dark castle.
CHAPTER 23
THE SEER
Thomas and Alanna hobbled up the mountainside together. The two of them holding on to each other in an effort to keep from falling down. Alanna hadn't the energy to transform, and Thomas' legs were badly bruised. She had also noticed his fever was getting worse as time wore on. 
Thomas wasn't sure if it had been the fever, or the trauma of the situation, but he was pretty sure that Alanna mistakenly indicated that she had read his diary. As he felt more and more hot, images of journals with arms and feet danced around the path saying, I told you so. The worse he felt, the more bizarre the images became. The journals eventually morphed into little creatures dressed in green lining the path and cheering them on. He clearly needed to rest soon.
Just as Thomas thought he wouldn't be able to go any further, the path levelled off. As they rounded another bend in the road, it opened up into a flat plain. They had made it. The top of Mount Trekken. He had heard of people wishing to live outside the bounds of society, but this would certainly give even the most ardent of hermits a run for their money. 
Sitting in the middle of the clearing was the most unlikely building that Thomas had ever seen. He must be more delusional than he thought. The building looked as much like a tavern as did any of the businesses down in BlueShift. It wasn't really what he had expected. A run down shack, or a majestic building, perhaps a spiralling tower to the heavens, or even a mighty fortress. Anything but this. All it was missing was a sign hanging from the front stating that it was open for business between the hours of five pm and two am. 
Alanna and Thomas looked at each other. This was it? Well, whatever it looked like, it was better than staying out in the rain. The door was as unremarkable as the rest of the building. It's only somewhat unique trait being a slat of wood for the owner to peer out of. 
Thomas knocked hard.
Nothing.
Alanna pounded on the door. After all, the seer is supposed to be the oldest Dragon alive. Maybe he just can't hear us.
Or doesn't want to hear us. Thomas added.
I'm coming, I'm coming! Keep your clothes on! came a voice from inside. The door flew open and an elderly man stood there, head cocked to the side, thinning hair in a mad mess on top of his head. His wild eyes regarding them as if he were squinting through a wine bottle to see them. His mouth hung half open. Who the hell are you? 
Are you the Seer? Thomas asked reluctantly. This certainly wasn't what he had expected. The man blinked in an exaggerated fashion and rolled his eyes to the left, and then to the right. 
No. He stepped out to get a bottle of port. The old man waited for a response that never came.
Do you see any other old men around here? 
Uh, no.
Then I guess I must be him! Now if you don't mind, I was in the middle of a great book. The king was about to behead his best friend for lying to him... classic! Could you tell me exactly why the hell you are on my doorstep? 
We were sent here.
I assumed as much. I mean, that's a pretty harsh wrong turn if you're lost. Who sent you Skippy?
My name isn't...
You want to talk?
Yes?
Your name's Skippy.
Thomas stared at this man in disbelief. What kind of a Seer was this? 
Excuse me? Alanna broke into the conversation.
The old man's eyebrows crawled up over his forehead. He took in Alanna standing there in nothing but a long jacket. Well now, that's a unique outfit you are wearing. Is that the current trend? Maybe it's time I moved back to civilization!
Alanna rolled her eyes. My father sent us.
Who's your father? Some sort of King? The old man laughed.
As a matter of fact, yes.
The man frowned, Oh. The old man retreated back into his house. As much as I don't like having people intrude on my privacy, I can't have you standing out there scaring the neighbours.
Thomas and Alanna really didn't know what to think of the old Seer, but chancing going into the house seemed to be better than standing in the wind and rain. She had to trust that her father wouldn't send her into danger knowingly. The inside was everything the outside had promised it would be and more. It didn't just look like a tavern. It was a tavern, which a crazy old hermit appeared to have turned into a home. There were clothes all over the place. Failed paintings stood here and there. There were half finished hobbies scattered across this table and that. The only finished objects in the room were the multiple bottles of alcohol.
How do you like it? Not bad huh?
Excuse me? Thomas replied.
The place! I have added a few personal touches here and there. The man gestured to the half done paintings and crafts. 
Uh, it's great! If you were a rat Thomas supposed.
I know! The old man's eyes opened wide and he grinned like a mad man from ear to ear. Dancing around with his arms outstretched he twirled in circles. When he finally came to a halt, he looked at Thomas and Alanna as if he were trying to remember why it was they were there. 
Well, I really would love to chat all night, but I'm more of a 'to the point' kind of guy. The old man plumped himself down into a chair and kicked his feet up on a table. The doctor, is in. What can I do for you?
Thomas opened his pack and pulled the sealed scroll from the king out. A wave of black struck him, his knees going weak as he stepped forward. He really was feeling quite hot.
You okay kid? You ain't looking so hot.
I'll live. Thomas replied flatly. 
You sure? I don't want you collapsing on my toothpick tower. You better sit.
Thomas decided this was probably a good idea, even if it came from a crackpot Seer. Thomas looked for the least dirty chair in the place, which was next to a board game that looked quite similar to chess. Interestingly enough, it seemed that someone was playing with the old man, either that, or he was playing against himself. Thomas picked up one of the pieces to examine it.
HEY! DON'T TOUCH THAT! yelled the old man. Suddenly regaining his composure he added, I'm winning.
The old man stretched his back against the chair and examined the paper. Ah. Let me see. What do we have here? Mmmm. The old man feigned interest and nodded, Alkamire Aqual eh? Callin' in his favour I guess. Cracking the seal, the old man proceeded to read. 
What should we call you? Seer? Thomas asked, trying to relieve some of the awkwardness of the quiet that had fallen over the room.
How about Sir. The old man glared over the paper at Thomas. Ah very well. The name's Henry. I know, not very befitting of a 'Grand Seer', is it? Never the less, it's my name.
After a few moments the old man shook his head in disbelief. What the heck does he think I am? A marriage councillor? Do I have a sign around my neck that reads, 'Hi, how can I help you?' Do I look like a people person?
Thomas hoped these questions were rhetorical. He wasn't sure that Henry would like the answers.
I mean, I live on a mountain for cryin' out loud. People might get the idea, that, Hey... maybe he doesn't like to deal with other peoples issues. Henry threw the letter to the side, on top of a stack of books. I mean, I don't even like to deal with my issues.
The old man sighed, staring at the floor, then looked at Thomas. Alright kid. Looks like I have some work to do with you guys.
Henry looked at Alanna and Thomas as if seeing them for the first time. On second thought, maybe it would be better if you got some rest first. You guys don't look so good. I have a room upstairs that's not being used. It might be a little... oh I don't know... dusty. No one has stayed there in over a hundred years. Believe it or not I don't get around to housekeeping all that often.
You're offering us a room? Alanna said in relief. We really appreciate this.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know, big softy and all that. Henry shrugged. 
Thomas didn't have the energy to argue. He wanted to know why they were here, but he was feeling dizzy, hot and tired. Alanna pulled him up off the chair which sent his world reeling. We need to get you upstairs Thomas.
Yep. Top of the stairs, turn left, first room on your right. Breakfast call will be whenever the heck I get up and decide to make it. Henry shuffled off to another room downstairs.
The room waiting for Thomas and Alanna was exactly as Henry had described it. Unlikely to have been lived in for the previous few centuries. The dust covered the bed and dresser in the room in a layer so thick, that everything had a homogenous greyish brown colour. Alanna's mouth hung open and her frown was so deep that her forehead resembled a stepladder of wrinkles. 
He can't be serious! Alanna gasped.
He doesn't hit me as the kidding kind. Thomas grabbed a corner of the top blanket on the bed and pulled it back. He immediately wished he hadn't. Dead bugs and unidentifiable stains adorned the inner moth eaten sheets. 
I suppose this won't be too much worse than staying outside. At least we're out of the rain and reasonably warm. Thomas swayed again. Or maybe it's just me that's warm.
Oh Thomas, you have to lay down. Alanna grabbed his pack and pulled out his sleeping roll. None of his provisions had gotten wet in the rain or the flood. Thomas had really packed his stuff well. She yanked it out and covered the dust laden bed. 
Thomas immediately lay down on the roll and felt the world rush around him. Alanna sat beside him. One roll.
There are some pink pyjamas in there as well. Thomas offered. They are girls pyjamas, so they'll probably look better on you then they did on me.
Thomas smiled weakly. He turned his head to allow Alanna to get dressed. 
Alanna quirked an eyebrow. I really would like to know the story behind you wearing these. Thomas turned to look at Alanna. He was right. She looked incredibly cute in the pyjamas. 
I'll share it with you someday. Thomas nodded and everything went out of focus. 
Are you alright! Alanna placed a hand on Thomas' arm. You're freezing!
This was news to Thomas, he felt burning hot.
Alanna laid down beside Thomas and held him close. 
Thomas doubted that anyone would notice him blushing in his current condition. 
I never thanked you for saving me Thomas. Alanna was talking so softly that Thomas couldn't be sure it wasn't part of his fever.
I wouldn't even be here to save you, if you hadn't pulled me out of the water.
We've come a long way together. I would hate to have lost you so soon. Life is interesting when you are around. Alanna winked at Thomas. Things went silent for a little while. Thomas was just about to fall asleep when Alanna spoke again.Thomas? How did you get rid of the Shadow? Alanna asked carefully.
Thomas didn't say anything.
I read your book. I really am sorry. I just don't understand. You said you aren't a wizard. It doesn't make sense, what you did back there, that had to have been your magic.
Thomas brought his hand up to look at the ring that he had found with the pyjamas. It may have been him at the helm, but the magic wasn't his.
I'm not sure. I think it has something to do with this ring. He hoped fervently that she hadn't found the 'other' part of the journal. I could barely do anything right before I got this ring. Now here I am, with you, at a crazy old seer's cottage, on top of a mountain, battling Shadows and preparing for the next part in our little ruse.
I think you sell yourself short Thomas. I have seen you do many brave things. Maybe your ring helped you with the Shadow, but I'm talking about your character. You've taken good care of me. Throwing yourself in harms way to save someone? The ring has nothing to do with that.
Thomas smiled and felt a warmness wash over him that had nothing to do with his fever.
You better get some rest, you need to get well quickly for the journey back. Alanna rested her hand on his, and put an arm around him. Despite the horrible conditions of the room, Thomas had never felt so comfortable in his life. Sleep washed over him like a wave, pulling him off to into a dream of a life with Alanna that he knew he could never have, a dream he wished he didn't have to wake up from.
CHAPTER 24
BETRAYAL
Gatsby landed in the courtyard just outside the castle. It was late at night now, and he didn't want to startle the king.
He looked around with a cursory glance. Quiet. They didn't really put too much effort into their security around here. Gatsby shifted back to his human form. He had carried a pack here with all the essentials. Dressing quickly, he made his way up to the palace doors.
Standing on guard in the main doorway was a formidable man. Tretchbolt! What was he doing here? He was a loner! He hadn't served a king in a millennium. Tretchbolt grunted as he saw Gatsby approach the door.
Well well. What do we have here? Thought for sure you would be still at home with your tail between your legs.
Gatsby cursed. If there was one individual that could get under his skin faster than a tick, it was Tretchbolt. 
I'm here on official business Tretchbolt. I would back off if I were you. Gatsby tried to sound confident.
Tretchbolt's eyes gleamed as he leaned closer to Gatsby. It better be, because if it weren't, I would skin you alive. Tretchbolt looked up to the other guard at the door and nodded. The door swung open.
Gatsby let out his breath and strode in with all the pomposity befitting of a prince. Now to find the king.
*****
Tretchbolt's eyes narrowed, following Gatsby's stride through the hall. He disappeared down the hall that led to the king's meeting room. Tretchbolt had been around long enough to know trouble when he saw it. Gatsby... back so quickly from the Red Dragon kingdom, when they should be flaying him for being away so long. His arrival in the middle of the night with Alanna and the kid wizard being away was a bad sign. Yes, trouble was coming. Tretchbolt smiled. He didn't mind trouble though. That was his forte.
Straighten up! Tomorrow you will do double exercises. Tretchbolt yelled at the guards in the vicinity. 
What did I do?! the guard nearest him called back.
 You were born soft, and we need iron right now. Tretchbolt looked again to the hall Gatsby had gone down. And we need it fast!
*****
Gatsby strode down the hall toward the large doors that led into the meeting room. A couple of guards were standing outside, looking rather bored. 
Feeling every bit the lord of the castle, Gatsby sauntered up to the guards. Let the king know, Gatsby Blackrock is here.
The king is in a meeting. I'm afraid you...
I said let him know I am here! I have important information for him!
The guard stumbled over his words looking confused. Very well Lord Gatsby.
The guard entered the hall, and returned a few minutes later. I'm sorry my lord. The king would like for you to wait for a few minutes. He shouldn't be too...
Gatsby was fed up with this guard. He pushed past him and into the chamber.
The king was in discussion with several lesser lords about something when Gatsby entered. The king turned to look at Gatsby and his eyes flared in anger.
GATSBY! I asked for you to wait outside.
Gatsby strode forward with all the confidence of a strutting peacock. He had to show his worth, he had to confront him about Thomas and win Alanna back. Pray he wasn't too late. 
I had to see you immediately. This is a matter of great importance. It involves your daughter.
I see. The king replied slowly. what is this news that couldn't wait?
Your daughter is off with an imposter!
What?! Gatsby, I swear... you better explain quickly!
It has come to my attention that Thomas is no wizard. I don't know what his intentions with your daughter are, but he has lied to you. He's tricked and made a fool of you!
*****
The king Stared at Gatsby so intensely he thought his eyes should surely bore a hole through that thick head of Gatsby's. HOW DARE he barge into the meeting with the heads of all the major houses of dragon gathered. Now he had been publicly defied. Curse Gatsby. What had brought this on?
I swear Gatsby, you are a pontificating moron who is thicker than this wall. Thomas is on a quest with Alanna. You know this! You are partially responsible for this turn of events.
He tricked us all sire, but to dupe you.... 
Alkamire ground his teeth on hearing the word 'dupe'.
...well that's inexcusable. If he should return....
IF he returns that is my business, not yours Gatsby. You may be a prince where you come from, but here you are nothing. It would be well if you remembered that.
The damage however, had been done. Alkamire knew that Thomas was no wizard, but he had hoped to have the help of the Red Dragon as well as the wizard world. Wizard or not, Thomas was kin to one of the most powerful beings in the realm. Curse Gatsby. What had happened? Gatsby had gone home. He would have told his father that Alanna was going to marry a human.
That was information worth chewing on. A human who would be tied by blood to the BlueShift Dragons. That may not have sat well with Ganton, who didn't particularly like humans at the best of times. Ganton must have sent Gatsby back to regain his position. Gatsby was an unknowing pawn in a very serious game. This confrontation in front of the other dragon races was no accident. He was forcing Alkamire to confront Thomas publicly. 
I am not about to make any decisions with Thomas not here to defend himself. Alkamire proclaimed.
That is fine with me. When he comes, we'll confront him and you'll... 
I SAID I WILL DEAL WITH HIM!
Gatsby shrank back from the king momentarily, then regained composure.
As you wish.
The king looked away from Gatsby and turned his attention back to the lords. If that is all Gatsby, you may see yourself out.
Gatsby shot the king a resentful glare and walked sulkily out of the room.
Things were already complicated enough, but this latest development could put a severe hiccup in the king's plans. 
*****
Gatsby stormed out of the meeting room. What was wrong with the king? He was supposed to be thankful for the news that Gatsby had brought to him. Instead, he acted like it was his fault. Well, it was, he supposed, sort of his fault. But the king didn't know that.
Gatsby retreated to an inn just outside of the palace. It didn't matter. As soon as the king confronted Thomas, he would know that what Gatsby had said was true. Alanna would be furious that Thomas had lied to them, and would end up thanking Gatsby for saving her from a big mistake. 
As the night wore on, Gatsby sat on his bed, imagining how thankful Alanna was going to be that Gatsby was here to save her. He chuckled to himself and kept envisioning the moment that Thomas would be discovered to be a fraud. He didn't need sleep. He had Alanna.
CHAPTER 25
VISIONS
Thomas was having a wonderful dream. Alanna was dancing a waltz with him through a glen and all the kingdom was there to celebrate their marriage. Then a foul smelling cloud descended. He couldn't escape it no matter which way he turned. Gasping for breath he woke up with a start. Staring right back into his eyes was the old man, Henry.
Breakfast-time Peaches. Henry breathed into his face.
Good lord, he hoped breakfast didn't smell like Henry's breath. My name isn't Peaches! It's...
Yeah yeah yeah. Whatever Skippy. Look, are you getting up anytime soon? Your girlfriend has already been up for hours, and frankly, I need you to distract her.
Why? What's the matter? 
She's driving me a little batty. She insists on cleaning things. I have VERY particular places for things, I can't have her go messing up centuries of organization.
Thomas sighed. I will be there in a minute alright?
Thank-you. Henry replied with as much mustered, insincere sincerity as he could manage.
Thomas was feeling better. It seemed that the fever had passed in the night. His legs were still sore, but he could stand without flinching. 
Henry had been right about Alanna. The room that had been covered in dust the night before, was as clean, if not cleaner than the rest of the place. That was quite an accomplishment. Alanna had hung out Thomas' wet clothing the previous night. They were now dried and wearable again, though they were still stained and smelt like leather that had been worn by a sweaty man for months on end. In short, they made him smell like an authentic adventurer. 
As Thomas descended the staircase, he saw the cause of Henry's discontent. Alanna had been into everything. All the empty bottles and garbage that was lying around the previous night had disappeared. The half done paintings were now stacked in a corner awaiting the time that Henry decided to actually complete them. Alanna was trying to enter the kitchen now, and Henry had his arms spread apart in an attempt to block Alanna from heading through the doorway. 
The kitchen's fine! Why can't you just leave one room? Everyone needs at least one room to retreat to without worrying about other people messing with it!
Are you going to feed us from there?
What do you think Sunshine?
Then the kitchen gets cleaned! Alanna finished her flourish with a stamp of her foot.
Thomas had become fairly adept at anticipating trouble when it came to Alanna, and this was going to be a full blown storm soon if he didn't step in.
Hey guys! What's to eat?
Alanna just glared at Thomas. 
Henry snapped his intense stare away from Alanna for the moment. Hey! Uh. Wizbang! You're just in time for a breakfast that you'll never forget!
You're not seriously thinking of eating anything in that kitchen, are you? Alanna asked Thomas incredulously.
Thomas shrugged. I'm hungry!
And you won't be disappointed! Henry zipped in to the kitchen laughing excitedly to himself.
Alanna rolled her eyes. 
Henry's melodramatic voice called out from the kitchen. I'm not about to bring the food out there, come on!
Alanna visibly tensed as they entered the kitchen, and she had every right to. The dishes were piled here and there. An after odour from centuries of cooking left a distinct smell that gave the kitchen its own personality. The table was cleared away in a hurried fashion, but obviously hadn't been wiped down in some time. Crumbs from this, and smudges from that, adorned the table in an intricate pattern that, if you squinted hard enough, made it look like it had a snowflake patterned tablecloth on.
Thomas and Alanna sat down carefully, trying not to end up on anything they didn't want to carry around with themselves for the rest of their voyage.
Henry whirled around in a ridiculous white chef's hat with a half mad grin on his face. Omelettes! he cried. He held an old cast iron frying pan in one had and a spatula in the other.
You are in for a treat! Henry laughed to himself excitedly. I have been researching omelettes for centuries! He flipped an omelette in the pan and started to serve Thomas and Alanna who eyed it suspiciously.
One for you! Henry slid an odd looking omelette out onto Thomas' plate. And one for you! Henry swung the pan behind his back and flipped it over his head on to Alanna's plate, much to her dismay.
Thomas didn't much care what was in the omelette. He was really hungry. The small bit of magic he had done the previous day had somehow drained him enormously. Of course the flood and landslide could have had something to do with it as well. 
The omelette looked remarkably similar to the ones that his grandfather would make for him. It looked like it had cheese, bacon, and other strange veggies in it. Thomas dug in.
Alanna was a little more reluctant. She poked at it as if it were going to fight back before braving a mouthful.
Ah the omelette. Truly a culinary masterpiece. You really can put anything you like into an omelette you know. Henry served himself an omelette and sat down to eat. I started out the same as everyone else. The basics. Egg, veggies, cheese, etc. That gets pretty boring pretty fast. Especially when you live as long as I have been around.
It does have an interesting texture. Alanna said frowning as she tried to chew.
Right, I was getting to that. You see, I started to branch out. Not just eggs, but lizard eggs, not veggies, but leaves, weeds etc. The last experiment,which led to today's feast I am particularly proud of. Tree bark.
Thomas coughed as he tried to swallow. His stomach was at war with his mouth, his mouth, luckily, was winning, but only marginally. The food managed to stay in his stomach. I guess that explains the slivers. Thomas coughed.
Alanna outright spat what was in her mouth back onto the plate and shot Thomas an 'I told you so' look.
Ah, as you get older, you need to increase the fibre in your diet. I thought to myself, what has more fibre in it than bark? A little tough chewing, but once you get past that, there's a world of flavour possibilities
Thomas couldn't stop coughing. You wouldn't have something to drink would you?
Ah, I can treat you to another fine concoction of mine. I have been working with leaf and grass extracts to create a new flavour of juice. 
Uh, that's okay. I'm feeling much better. Actually, not that hungry at all it seems.
Neither am I. Alanna quickly agreed.
Do you think we could just get started with whatever we came here for?
Henry took a deep breath and sighed. Suit yourself. No sense of adventure. Ah well. I suppose we can get going. The sooner I deal with you, the sooner that I get back to life as usual. Henry got up from the table wiping his mouth on a cloth that had probably been with the table since the tavern was built.
Off to the so called 'clean' room then? Henry said as he rolled his eyes in Alanna's direction. Henry led them to the corner of the room where it was darkest. There were chairs gathered in a circle around a glass ball. 
Henry held a chair out and bobbed his head in Alanna's direction. Milady? he asked in a voice that was layered with a hint of mockery. Sit next to her Spiffy.
Thomas shook his head as he took the seat next to Alanna. You're going to use a crystal ball? It was like something out of a hokey fifties movie.
Henry took a seat directly in front of the ball. Ah, well the truth be told, I can do this without the ball. The ball's a gift from Edric.
Edric get's around. 
I did some work for him several years back. He asked me for a reading, and, being he was sort of in the same field as I, not of my calibre mind you... Henry gave a cursory cough, ... I felt compelled to help him. I held a session, much like I am doing here, minus the ball of course, and a vision came to me. Edric was supposed to seek out this certain thing that he referred to as a dog, and keep it for a companion.
A dog? Thomas asked
Yeah, real nasty looking thing. Anyway, apparently I got the reading a little mixed up. Instead of needing to keep the dog by his side, he was supposed to avoid it at all costs. Henry shrugged. Even I make mistakes sometimes. Anyway, when Edric finally got out of the medical centre, he sent me the ball with the note, To help 'fine tune' your visions. adhered to it. 
Alanna and Thomas looked at each other in unison. 
Anyway, continued Henry, the ball really does help with the visions. They're much better now. I have to hand it to Edric, when he's motivated, he does come up with some useful items.
So what are we supposed to do? Alanna just wanted to get it over with.
Well, it's simple really, we join hands.
Do we close our eyes? Thomas was eager to get on with it as well. He was still very hungry, and the bark-lizard egg omelette wasn't sitting well.
How exactly do you think you are going to see the vision if you close your eyes.
Henry made a face as if to say, What a stupid question. or You're not too bright, are you? but he merely said, Now if you will stop gabbing, we can get this over with.
The three of them joined hands. Henry started to chant in a language that Thomas hadn't heard before. That made Thomas think, how was it that everyone here spoke English. It seemed so unlikely that people from another world, should speak the same language. He would have to ask about that later.
Suddenly the room started to swirl. The words seemed to grow louder, and more disconnected. Rather than coming out from Henry's mouth, they seemed to be coming from all around them. The room itself darkened. The only light now was coming from the crystal ball, which had lightening dancing across the surface. Henry's eyes started to turn a stark white and glow. At the same time an image started to appear on the crystal's surface, non distinct, just shapes mulling about.
Crystal. Called Henry's disembodied voice. We ask the powers that be, what the future holds in store for Ski... err... what's your name?
Thomas. Replied Thomas flatly.
Thomas and Alanna. finished Henry.
The images on the crystal surface pulled quickly into focus. There was Thomas, he was walking with Alanna. Then everything went crazy. The ball started to display images in hyper speed. Henry's eyes seemed to flick in synchronization with the images playing across the surface. Thomas could make little out. He thought he saw smoke and fire at one point, but it was going so fast he couldn't make out much. He looked at Alanna, who looked back at him equally confused. 
Finally the ball grew dark and Henry closed and opened his eyes. 
Everything had returned to normal, but Thomas had no more idea of what was going on than he had when the whole thing started.
Well I suppose that makes everything perfectly clear. Henry replied in a tired voice.
Clear?! Alanna cracked. Clear?! You crazy old codger!
I think what she means to say is, that went by a little too fast for us to catch. You, understood it? 
These two were impossible. Henry was scowling at Alanna. He turned to Thomas, Of course I understood. I am a Seer, I see things. If I didn't understand what I was seeing, I wouldn't be of much use, now would I?
Then, if you wouldn't mind, would it be possible to tell us what you can of our future?
Well, the reason for your trip had to do with the question of marriage. Would you two be married?
And? Alanna asked impatiently.
Not one for suspense I see. Henry replied.
Thomas was holding on to the chair with a death grip. He dreaded the answer to this question more than any other. He knew how he felt about Alanna, but that didn't mean anything if she didn't like him. If he learned she would never be interested in him. If she didn't care... 
Ah well. Henry turned to Thomas. Sorry kid. Bad news.
Thomas' face must have fallen to the floor because he caught Alanna looking concerned.
 Looks like you are stuck with her.
Alanna's eyes grew wide and Thomas' heart started to beat again.
Wait. Stuck with could mean a lot of things. What do you mean by stuck with?
Married. The two of you get married. I would think that would be clear.
By married, you mean married married, or just kinda married.
How many different types of married are there? You're married!
Yes. But are we in... do you know if... well do we love each other. Thomas was having a really hard time with this when Alanna was right across from him, staring so hard he thought her eyes might pop out of her head.
Oh for the love of Gyron! How the hell would I know?! I'm a Seer, not an empath!
So that's it? That's all you saw? Alanna asked cautiously.
Oh I saw a bit of this, a bit of that. Nothing terribly important. You're living that life, you'll see it all soon enough. Henry stretched. Now if that's everything.
Wait! What happens if we don't get married.
Henry regarded Thomas seriously. End of the world.
Thomas laughed. Seriously though.
Kid. I wish I were joking. Frankly, I don't like my odds, putting the future on your shoulders.
Thomas went white. Alanna was unreadable. Henry however cheered up. Guess all that's left is to send you back where you belong, eh? 
You can do that?! Thomas asked.
Another gift from Edric. But that's a story for another time. Henry grabbed a parchment and started to write something down. After a few minutes he rolled it up and sealed it. Give this to your father Alanna. It's a response to some questions he had. Nothing serious.
The day wasn't even half over, and Thomas was already reeling from the profound lack of information the old Seer had provided. What little he had revealed was shattering though. Marriage or doom. Could his destiny really be so entwined with this girl from another world? Fate seemed to know no bounds. Henry led them to another room where a freestanding door sat upright in the middle of the room. No supporting structure around it. No walls, just the door.
This door will take you to the palace. I have set it all up. All you need to do is step through. Make sure you've got all your belongings with you. There's no door on the other side to bring you back. Guess I don't have to tell you, it's a long trip if you do forget something.
Thomas realized that this was the end of his journey with Alanna. He had no idea what the future held. Less now than before he had come here. In a way he was sad to say goodbye to Henry. Sure he was a bit crazy, but he really wasn't so bad, and truth be told, he preferred his company to that of the king's. 
Thomas tried to take a splinter out of his tongue with his teeth. If he ever came back, he would bring his own food next time. Just then Thomas remembered something.
The cart! 
Alanna just shook her head at Thomas. There's nothing there we can't replace. 
Thomas groaned. There was something there she didn't know about.
Don't worry about the cart. At the bottom of the mountain, right? I'll find it and bring it back. If you come by this way again, I'll have it waiting for you. Henry seemed to be in a hurry to get them out of his hair. His demeanour had changed since the viewing. He seemed more serious, and periodically when not smiling or joking, he looked... worried.
On your way you two. Henry grabbed and yanked the door open. Before them was a swirling vortex of black smoke. Thomas couldn't make out anything beyond.
This will take us to the palace? Thomas didn't really know if he believed it.
Yes, yes yes. Henry said pushing them through the door. So sad, you must get going. Parting is sorrow and all that crud. Bye bye and see ya later. Henry all but shoved them into the swirling black fog.
Alanna and Thomas held hands as they walked through the door. It didn't take long. From when the door closed behind them, to the point where the fog started to clear was no longer than the distance between the palace gate, and the main hall. As the dark mist parted, Thomas found he was walking into the courtyard, before the main door into the castle. There he saw someone waiting he wished he hadn't. Mountain man. 
Tretchbolt looked as shocked at seeing them wander casually up to the castle door as they were at seeing him. Tretchbolt looked around as if he were afraid who might notice them. He motioned them over hurriedly.
Tretchbolt's behaviour was odd even for him. Thomas couldn't help but wonder what would have the huge man so agitated.
I wouldn't go in this way. Tretchbolt grumbled in his deep gravelly voice. 
What's the matter Tretch? Alanna asked. What are you doing here?
Trouble. was all Tretchbolt said. Come with me. I'll explain.
Thomas looked at Alanna, and she nodded.
Tretchbolt led them to the guard's tower and ushered them in hastily, all the while checking to see if anyone was watching.
Well? Alanna asked impatiently.
Tretchbolt didn't say anything at first. He gave Thomas an appraising look. Then finally he breathed deeply and replied. 
The king is on the warpath. He has issued a challenge for Thomas.
CHAPTER 26
UNWELCOME WELCOME
What do you mean my father's on the war path? He's the one who sent us out on this mission to find the Seer.
Tretchbolt shook his head sadly. A lot has happened since you left. Tretchbolt lowered his huge body onto a chair made for a much smaller individual. The chair complained under his weight, but held. A few weeks ago, Gatsby returned from Breakwater. I tell you, that kid is nothing but trouble. I knew something was up the moment I saw him. He all but demanded to see the king. Eventually he barged in on a meeting the king was holding with several of the high lords of the other dragon nations.
Gatsby? What does he have to do with this? Alanna had a bad feeling about the direction this was going. Her father was already meeting with the dragon nations here?
Not long after Gatsby went in to see the king, a flock of nervous looking lords came out. Tretchbolt idly fiddled with the hilt of his sword. The next day, rumours started to crop up. Tretchbolt regarded Thomas seriously. It seems that Gatsby made a big show of breaking into the conversation between the king and the high lords about the upcoming war with the Storm Dragon.
What?! Alanna couldn't believe what she was hearing. That didn't sound like Gatsby at all! 
He made a fool of the king, Alanna. In front of everyone, he claimed that Thomas wasn't a real wizard, and that the king was making a colossal mistake. Anyway... The next thing I know, there is a public announcement being made on behalf of the king, declaring, that upon his return..., Tretchbolt nodded in Thomas' direction. ... the king would hold a hearing in the arena.
Alanna was in shock. Why would Gatsby do this? This was all his idea! Now he had set out to sabotage Thomas. Something must have happened with Gatsby when he returned home and Alanna planned to find out what. Poor Thomas. he looked as frightened as a mouse.
Don't worry about this Thomas. Alanna tried to give him a reassuring smile. I'm going to see my father and get to the bottom of this. And after that... And after that what? She had a feeling that she was going to have to confront Gatsby to find out exactly what was going on.
***** 
Thomas watched as Alanna stormed out of the guard's house, sealed scroll in hand. Events continued along the path set in motion upon his first visit to BlueShift. It was his worst nightmare come true. The king knew that he wasn't a real wizard, and now he was going to confront him. Publicly.
Maybe Thomas could escape. Nobody but Tretchbolt knew that he was there yet. However everyone knew he was going to meet with the king on his return. If anyone saw him before he made his way out of the city, he would be in the frying pan faster than he could blink. Thanks to that banquet, a fair group of the people knew what he looked like.
Damn it!
Tretchbolt was leaning against the wall, chewing on a toothpick and staring at Thomas. It made Thomas uneasy when he looked at him like that. He seemed to have a real thing for staring at people. It felt like Tretchbolt was mentally dividing Thomas up into portions for his next meal.
It's not right. Tretchbolt finally said.
Thomas was taken off guard. Pardon me? 
I don't know that what they say about you is true kid. Frankly, I don't really care whether or not you're a real wizard. Gatsby had no right to force the king into confronting you. It's not fair to the king... Tretchbolt looked Thomas up and down. ...and it's definately not fair to you.
I suppose there's not much I can do about it now. Thomas' mind was still trying to absorb what Gatsby had done. Alanna had to be right. There was more to this than they knew. At least he hoped so. Something had seemed to be bothering Gatsby before he left the night before their voyage to Mount Trekken had began.
Well, there's always the obvious.
Run? 
I was going to say fight. Tretchbolt replied wryly.
Thomas laughed out loud. You're serious! Fight? I haven't so much as held a bat in my life! How do you propose I fight a Dragon King?
Well, you could run I suppose, though I don't like your odds of getting past the guards. They may not be in top notch shape, but they've at least used a sword before.
Thomas saw hopes of getting through the day in one piece dwindling. Then I guess my only hope is for Alanna to reason with the king.
Tretchbolt's eyebrows climbed up his forehead as he ran his hand through his thinning hair. Yeah, I wouldn't get my hopes up on that end either. The king's been made a fool in public. He's going to have to confront you in order to restore his dignity. If the other lords from the dragon nations see him as weak, there is little chance they will band together under his leadership to confront the Storm Dragon. Too much is riding on this.
So you're saying there's no hope?
I guess what I am saying is, if you don't know how to fight... Trumpets in the background were announcing Alanna's return. ...you better learn quick.
***** 
You're making a big mistake. He really is a wizard, father. Alanna was ready to pull her hair out.
Dear. I am not the one that needs to be convinced. If I had my way I would have been happy to talk to him quietly, but Gatsby had to push the issue into the faces of the lords. Now I really have no choice. Do you think the other dragon nations will take my word for it after Gatsby called me a fool? They will take it as me just trying to save face! 
Alkamire sighed. His daughter looked quite distraught, and he knew what had to happen was not going to sit well with her at all. It's not going to be enough to just PROVE that Thomas is a wizard. They need to see that he is a wizard of significant calibre. They need to know that my initial decision was the right one, the decision of someone that they would consider for leadership.
Alkamire placed his hand on Alanna's shoulder. I have to do this. It's not just my pride. We need the other dragon races behind us if we are to have any chance of withstanding an attack by Storm Dragons.
Alkamire looked out the window of his tower room. The view of the city was breathtaking, but it was lost on him. He had stopped noticing the beauty of the world around him long ago. Back on his first visit to the Seer's mountain, when he learned the possible fates of the dragon nations all things had turned to ash in his eyes.
Ganton is maneouvring for power. That's got to be what this is about. He is using this to parade me as being weak. If I'm not mistaken, he will then band the other dragon races to him under his leadership. Alkamire looked to Alanna. I don't have to tell you what a disaster that would be.
Alanna felt completely deflated. She had been sure that they could avert a confrontation with Thomas. She kept thinking there had to be some other way to turn this situation around. Gatsby had made a royal mess of things. He probably thought this was going to be a quick fight between a powerful king and a weak human, instead of a battle between powerful wizard and the dragon king. He no doubt, had no idea how dangerous the situation he created was. There were reasons entire books were written on that very subject.
Please don't harm Thomas. 
I'll do what I can. Alkamire said in a resigned voice. No promises.
What will happen to Thomas if he looses? 
The only thing that can happen. He will be exhiled. It's a terrible thing Alanna I know. I truly believe that we need the humans on our side if we are to win this. There is more happening than meets the eye. But it's even more important to stabilize things amongst our own species first. It will be better for him however. He will be free of his bonds, and allowed to go on his way.
Alanna paused feeling some sadness at hearing that. And if he wins?
Alkamire laughed sadly, If by some miracle, he bests me... then he will have proven himself, and there will be no issues between us. You will still honour your engagement... The king looked at Alanna waiting for a cue to continue. 
Alanna nodded. 
Then Thomas will be in line to be the prince of BlueShift, with ties to Westminster. He will be able to bring the Westminster wizards in line with us to face the oncoming crisis.
Alanna nodded more to herself than to her father. 
Alkamire grew grim. Either way presents serious issues regarding Gatsby. You must know that his father intends to see you married to Gatsby. If they can't bestow doubt upon my would-be allies, and usurp my authority, then he will try to manoeuver Gatsby into marrying you, and take the number two spot under the Alkamire Dragons. They don't intend to loose in this battle. If Thomas should win...
You think that Gatsby would threaten Thomas?! Alanna found that hard to believe. No matter what Gatsby had said, she didn't believe that he would harm Thomas.
I do.
I will have to see Gatsby and find out what I can. Alanna said sounding more determined than she felt. For the first time ever, she was a little afraid of what her friend was capable of. 
I'm afraid you will have to wait until after the event. Gatsby is keeping to himself somewhere in the city. I don't believe that he feels comfortable inside the palace.
Nothing seemed to go smoothly for Alanna these days. Oh! The Seer wanted me to give you this. Alanna said almost forgetting the scroll that she was holding. She handed it over to her father, who took it and immediately opened it.
Alkamire's expression grew dark. 
What is it? Alanna had wanted to know what was written in the scroll ever since leaving the Seer's place.
Confirmation I am afraid. Alkamire then smiled. Don't worry yourself about it. It just has to do with some questions I had. Tomorrow will likely be a big day. Tell Thomas he doesn't have to worry about tonight. He should come into the castle to stay as usual. He has to maintain his image, at the very least, until after the hearing.
Alanna turned to leave when Alakamire added, And Alanna, please let him know it's not personal. Alkamire gave Alanna the warmest smile, Based on what you have told me, he's going to grow into a fine man you know. Alanna smiled back, and turned to leave once more. She was still worried about what to say to Thomas, but she felt more confident than she had that somehow things would work out.
***** 
Flippin fleas but you are inept. Hold the sword up! veins on Tretchbolt's forehead were starting to pop out. It was starting to make Thomas nervous.
Thomas tried to hold the sword without his arms wavering, but it was proving to be a very difficult task. The sword was amazingly heavy for an object of its size. It's a little, um... heavier than I would have expected.
Of course it's heavy. It's solid cast iron. It's training for your muscles as well as you. 
Thomas groaned. If not for hauling Alanna around for the previous month, he didn't believe that he would have been able to even lift the sword.
You don't want to be one of those weak, wiry wizards that are all cloth and no flesh. Biggest downfall for a wizard is their inability to protect themselves in a situation that negates their abilty to do magic. Tretchbolt wacked Thomas in the back of the knee. Keep your balance! Thomas was about to give in when Alanna returned. He could tell by the grim look on her face that all was not well.
Alanna looked somewhat surprised to see Thomas holding a sword. Tretchbolt thankyou for... Alanna cocked her head to one side as Thomas struggled and groaned as he tried to lift the sword into a ready position. ...taking care of Thomas.
It's nothing. I wasn't doing anything. I just don't believe that he should be sent in with absolutely no preparation. Tretchbolt seemed uncomfortable with the acknowledgement and started shifting and looking at the ground.
Thomas sighed. I guess I should thank you as well. Now at least I know how to point the sword. Maybe someday I actually will know the proper way to swing one. I just wish we had had time to get somewhere. 
Tretchbolt nodded.
Thomas, we should talk. Alanna pulled Thomas aside and whispered to him in hushed tones.
It's alright. I should be getting back to my duties now anyway. Tretchbolt said as he headed out the door.
Thanks again. Thomas added as Tretchbolt grunted and closed the door behind him.
So. I'm a little afraid to ask, but since there is no way around it either. Thomas started.
My father wants to apologize to you for the circumstances that have forced him into this position. He really holds you no ill will Thomas.
No, I know, I have Gatsby to thank for my current situation. Honestly, how did I get sucked into this? It's like one sucessive disaster after another.
So it's all been a disaster? Alanna asked.
Well, maybe not entirely. At least the company has been good for the most part. Thomas replied a little bashfully. So what is going to happen?
You are to stay in the castle tonight. Father wants you to keep up your appearance. If you should face him, and win, he wants your image to be intact. It's important that the lords believe that you are a powerful wizard.
Win. You make it sound like it will be a physical battle.
Alanna didn't say anything.
Does everyone believe that this will end in a fight?
Alanna still didn't say anything.
Does anyone seriously believe I could battle the king of the Alkamire Dragons and triumph? I'm not sure how likely that is Alanna, I'm barely a wizard. I'm not even sure I should say I'm a wizard. If not for the ring...
Whatever you do, don't let that get out. You have enough problems Thomas. Alanna was clearly worried about what would happen if people discovered that the ring was a source of wizard powers.
Right. You don't have to tell me twice. Taking a deep breath Thomas mentally prepared himself. So off to the palace again then? Alanna nodded and took his arm.
Alanna seemed to show more open affection toward Thomas lately. He looked at Alanna in an inquiring manner.
Keeping up appearances. Remember, we are engaged.
Thomas nodded slowly. Alanna? Do you mind me staying there?
Of course not silly. Alanna pulled Thomas in and wrapped an arm over his shoulder. I've become rather used to you.
Despite the impending meeting with the king, Thomas found himself smiling the rest of the day.
CHAPTER 27
BATTLE OF THE CLOWNS
As inevitable as rain at a spring picnic, the next day came. Thomas had slept amazingly well considering the crushing stress he was under. Alanna was beside him, already long since awake.
You're up already? Thomas asked Alanna. 
I never slept. Alanna sighed. I honestly don't know how you can sleep.
Thomas thought about it for moment. He had been running from one danger to another for a while now. I guess I have somehow grown accustomed to impending doom. At some point you have to sleep.
Well I'm not. Alanna was sitting on the bed, arms wrapped around her knees, staring at her feet.
Alanna's concern for Thomas' situation, warmed his heart. He place a hand on her shoulder, and she looked over at him.
Don't worry. Things will turn out alright. Thomas smiled reassuringly.
I have two people to worry about Thomas. My father, and you. I saw what you did with the Shadow, I'm worried what might happen out there if my father seriously presses you.
I promise, I won't do anything to harm him Alanna. Well, not much anyway.
You may not have a choice.
A knock came at the door. The king has summoned you to the arena, Thomas. Five minutes. came the nervous voice of Popkin from behind the door. 
At least Thomas wasn't going to have to wait around and wonder when it would be time to face the king.
Thomas swung his legs over the bed and stretched. He ran a hand through his unkempt hair and breathed in and out heavily waiting for his head to clear from the fog of the dreamworld. Thomas didn't bother saying very much as he got dressed and walked out to meet Popkin. 
Be careful Thomas. Alanna said as Thomas reached to open the door.
Thanks. Thomas smiled and exited the room.
Popkin looked nervous as Thomas came out into the hall. I'm really sorry about this Sir Thomas.
It's alright Popkin. I'd rather have someone I know taking me there than a stranger. 
Popkin straighened a little and gave Thomas a little smile.
Thomas was doing his best for everyone's sake to look confident. Inside he was still dealing with the butterflies in his stomach. The king wanted him to appear the part of a powerful wizard, calm and collected. Thomas was going to do his best to put on a show that no one would forget. He just hoped he could think fast enough on his feet... and that the magic of the ring didn't fail him. Thomas felt for his ring to make sure, not for the first time, that it was still there.
Popkin led Thomas down through several long halls, and finally up to a large door that was being guarded by several men in full ceremonial armour. A big deal had been made out of this meeting. Thomas imagined that such things didn't happen too often. Confident. He wanted it to look like he was coming of his own free will rather than being dragged by his heels. Thomas took a deep breath and stepped up to the door.
I, Thomas Kindercook, have arrived to answer the request for an audience. Open the gates for me! 
The guards looked at each other, and then walked to the sides of the massive gate. The larger of the guards cranked a massive wheel that turned a chain on a pulley system. This opened the gate to the arena with no small amount of noise. 
The arena was a large oval building. The seating area seemed to be carved out of a grey and white marble material. The railings were carved out of lapis stone, which wasn't unusual as much of the architecture in BlueShift utilized this material. Dragons and beasts adorned the posts and stairs that ran up the sides of the aisles. It was beautiful, but it caught Thomas off guard. The arena was built with dragons in mind. The seating area housed thousands of individuals, all in their dragon state. The only humanoid other than Thomas inside of the building, was on a dais in the center of the backwall of the arena. The king was sitting on a raised throne of red and gold.
Seeing thousands of dragons was not going to make this any easier. You're a powerful wizard, act like it Thomas.
There was a hush over the crowd as everyone turned to see Thomas entering the arena. 
He walked as calmly as he could toward the king. He tried to imagine that he was a king in his own right. A powerful wizard, come to consort with another King. He hoped he could convey what he didn't feel.
Thomas came to a stop at the bottom of the dais, and inclined his head slightly toward the king. You summoned me your magesty?
Thomas Kindercook. The king stood from his throne and walked to the edge of the dais. Some serious allegations have been made against you.
I understand the nature of the accusations.
Then what do you have to say for yourself? 
I assume that you have talked to your daughter and know of the events of our voyage? 
I have heard what has been reported, but as I was not there to witness, I cannot make a claim to the validity of your encounter with the Shadow.
Thomas arched his eyebrow. You doubt your daughter's account?
The king's eyes shone dangerously as his head tilted forward. Very deliberately he paused before answering Thomas. What I think matters not. I am not the one who will judge you. The king motioned to four dragons that were seated on their own, yet shorter, dias to the king's right. 
They will be judging whether or not you make false claims. They have requested a contest of strength between you and the dragon of my choosing. As there has been some speculation of my commitment to finding the truth in this regard, I have volunteered to test you.
Wait! This is ludicrous. I beg your pardon Alkamire, but what do these other dragons have to do with my being a wizard?
Thomas looked over to the panel of lords that would be judging him. He was fairly certain that he didn't know any of them save one. The panel consisted of a Green Dragon, a Gold Dragon, a White Dragon, and there on the end, trying to hide himself behind the others, was the only Red Dragon in the Arena. Gatsby!
Turning his attention back to the king, Thomas couldn't help but feel it was the worst scenario that he could have hoped for. He was to battle with Alkamire Aqual. There were as many reasons as grains of sand on the floor as to why this was a bad idea. Strangely, the one that bothered him most was fighting the father of the girl that he loved while she looked on. Thomas gazed at the stands. At least, he believed she would be here somewhere.
I requested their assistance in choosing a suitable means in which to prove your claims.
 You're going to fight with me? I don't want to hurt you. Thomas gave up trying to find Alanna amongst the sea of blue, and turned his attention back to the king. 
You should spend more time worrying about yourself. The king advanced, moving forward, his body rapidly changed into the monsterous dragon Thomas remembered from the dinner of their first meeting. There was no care to remove clothing, which split apart like tissue being torn from a Christmas morning gift.
Alkamire launched himself into the air high above Thomas. The downbeats of the king's wings caused the sand on the floor of the arena to shift across the open space toward Thomas. He was causing a small sandstorm, aimed at blinding Thomas. Thomas tried his best to shield his face from the sand. As he lifted his arm to protect his eyes, the king launched himself into a dive. Thomas only lifted his head enough at the last second to see the king bearing down on him.
Thomas dived desperately out of the way. 
The king tore up a swath of sand as his claws dug into the arena floor where Thomas had been standing seconds earlier. Alkamire circled far above the floor again and prepared to lauch himself at Thomas a second time.
The king was really looked like he was trying to kill! Thomas had to think fast. What could he do? He didn't want to hurt Alkamire, but he had to get him out of the air. The whole situation reminded him of a circus scenario gone terribly wrong. Circus! Thomas suddenly rounded on the king, arm raised at the massive beast, and yelled into the wind and sand.
Weighted down by many things, a thousand clowns hanging off your wings! 
Thomas' arm lit up bright blue and a bolt of light shot into the sky hitting the king in the chest.
Alkamire was momentarily phased by the bright blue flash and hovered for a second of indecision, then all of a sudden clowns exploded all over his wings. The scene would have been comical were the situation not so dire. There were more clowns than should have been possible to fit the wingspan of Alkamire. They hung from his limbs, rode on his back, he was literally crawling in clowns. Of course, a thousand clowns won't fit on one dragon no matter how big it is. A good many of the clowns were hanging from other clowns that were hanging from other clowns that were holding on to the wings for dear life. Due to the overwhelming shock of being inundated with strangely coloured humans, or possibly it was just the physical weight of the clowns, Alkamire momentarily stopped beating his wings. The moment that he did, he was doomed. He was unable to get his wings moving again with so many people weighing him down, he plummeted into the sand with a large crash, and an enormous cloud. 
Thomas wasn't sure where the clowns had come from, but he hoped that they were alright. He looked over at the panel of lords who were watching the spectacle. Even as a dragon, Gatsby was unable to mask his surprise. Thomas had just used magical powers. He had proven he was a wizard. It wouldn't end of course until the judges weighed in. This had just started, but Thomas felt a small victory at the sudden look of dismay on Gatsby's once smug face.
The dust eventually cleared. The king was picking himself off the ground slowly. It was clear that he was as startled as Gatsby had been, his features were changing and he now wore an expression of fierce concentration. He wasn't going to play around anymore.
The king made a slow exaggerated show of shaking off the sand and dust, and lowered his head toward Thomas. Next to the king a clown had begun to mirror the king's movements, exaggerating the act of dusting his clothes off, and shaking a finger at Thomas. The king looked down at the small clown and his eyes narrowed. The clown looked up at the dragon and waved meekly. 
Clowns of every type were pulling themselves up out of the sand and dusting themselves off. Thomas couldn't help but be distracted by the amazing variety of items that the clowns had brought along with them. One clown, particularly short and stout, and wearing an old man's hat, had a tall unicycle stuffed into the back of his pants. How he was able to keep it there was beyond Thomas' comprehension. Two tall lean clowns that appeared to be twins, were pulling pieces of tubing out and setting up something to the side of the arena. They were joined by four others. It was an odd contrast to the events unfolding between Thomas and the king.
Thomas may have been distracted by the clowns activity, but the king wasn't. He launched himself into a charge at Thomas. Thomas had to think fast. How could he stop the king from charging? Then Thomas had it. 
Take off my shoes of brown leather, to my feet, ice skates tether. 
Thomas hands flashed brilliant blue and shot bolts out at his feet causing him to fall backwards into the sand. The audience was in shock. Did he just shoot himself in the foot?
A ground of sand is not too nice, let's turn it in to shiny ice! 
Thomas bumbled his way back on to his feet as fast as he could and began to skate out of the path of the dragon. The king was definitely having difficulty with the slick surface, but thanks to its enormous claws, it was still able to keep its balance on the ice, and looked like it was starting to pick up speed. Thomas had to eliminate its traction. 
These new shoes will surely frustrate, on each foot a brand new roller skate. 
The king, who had been getting used to the ice on the arena floor was hit by another brilliant blue flash. Suddenly his ability to manoeuvre went terribly awry.
In the distance clowns were pirouetting on skates. Where in the world did they get those? The other group of clowns had finished setting up a table and were sitting to the side, holding up cards with numbers on them as clowns performed a full routine worthy of the Olympics. 
The king, however, was not being as graceful in his new footwear. Combined with his great speed and weight, the king was heading wildly out of control across the arena. Fortunately, just before he reached the dais where the lords were sitting, he was able to get his wings beating enough to pull himself up in to the air, unfortunately, this only succeeded in lifting him up slightly above the dais. His momentum carried him with great ferocity in to a certain startled red dragon.
The clowns at the other end of the arena cheered. The clown judges held up their cards. 1, 1, 9. Upon seeing his colleague's scores, the clown holding the 9 trotted to the front of the line.
Thomas was starting to feel fatigued. It was nothing to do with any physical exertion on his part. Somehow the magic he used seemed to drain him more each time he cast a spell. His vision was starting to blur, and he wasn't sure how much longer he could hold on. The king was already up and pulling himself free of the debris his crash had caused. He ripped off the skates and flew up into the sky to make another dive attack. What should Thomas do? More clowns? Probably not. He didn't know how much energy it would take for him to summon that many clowns again, and he was a little afraid of the clowns getting hurt for some reason. 
The king wasn't going to give Thomas a chance to think this time. He immediately launched himself into a dive. Thomas looked around. The arena was a skating rink now, with clowns tables and score cards, there was very little that would allow for good cover. Thomas didn't have time to think up something clever, he would have to just throw a spell together and pray for the best.
Steel with rubber in between, I summon a giant trampoline. 
Thomas waved his arms over his head hoping for the best. He closed his eyes and cringed waiting for the impending crash. As he did he blacked out at the exact same moment that a gigantic trampoline formed overhead. The king who was already in mid dive had no chance to pull out. Instead, he decided to hit the strange shield as hard as he could in hopes of breaking through. Having never had any experience with trampolines, this proved to be an almost fatal mistake. Increasing his velocity and momentum significantly, the king hit the trampoline with an earth shattering force. The trampoline being made out of solid steel and industrial strength rubber, did what any trampoline since the dawn of time had been designed to do in such a circumstance. It catapulted the king off with a force equal to, and being magical, perhaps a touch more than what the king had hit it with. Alkamire pinwheeled through the air and crashed into a wall beside the clown judges table, just narrowly missing the spear of a giant dragon statue. One of the clowns hopped over to the king who lay in a heap on the ground. He looked him over once, and trotted up to his head. Placing one hand on the dragon's nose, and honking a horn with the other, the clown then placed his hand over his mouth as if to say Oh my!
Alkamire was slow to get to his feet this time, and for once, his anger wasn't directed at Thomas. The clown who had finished honking the king's nose was in dire trouble now. The king's stance had changed. He was pulling his head back and taking in a deep breath. Thomas had a feeling he knew what was going to come next. It was up to him to save the clown. 
I summon an obsidian wall, to protect this over zealous goofball. 
The king let go of a stream of white hot fire toward the unfortunate clown. A moment before searing the clown out of existence, a wall erupted from the ice sending the white hot flames dancing to either side of the clown. The king swung his head back to Thomas enraged. Thomas was going to have to end this. Alkamire stomped purposefully toward Thomas. He stopped about 20 metres from where Thomas swayed weakly. 
This ends now Alkamire! Thomas said in a hoarse voice.
You are correct, wizard! spat Alkamire. He rose his head back again and drew a very deep breath, Thomas was ready this time. He waited for Alkamire to finish breathing in as much air as he could.
Fire to flour in your lungs, breath out nothing but cake and buns.
Cupcakes exploded from the kings nostrils. Whole loaves of bread came flying out of his mouth and slammed into Thomas. Even bread at such a velocity stung. Black Forest, Strawberry Cheesecake, Shortbread and an endless stream of confectionery masterpieces flew out of a shocked king's mouth.
Back to how it first began, change this dragon to a man.
Thomas fell as blue lightening struck Alkamire one last time. Thomas was done. A huge cloud of flour exploded through the air, and when the dust settled, the king was buried to his neck in a pile of varying deserts looking as bedraggled as Thomas felt.
Consciousness was fading in and out for Thomas. He could barely raise himself to a sitting position. The events appeared to have taken their toll on the king as well. Thomas remembered how much energy it had taken Alanna to hold the form of the dragon. The king had over exerted himself. It was unlikely that he would be changing back to a dragon now. Thomas knew that he wasn't done yet. He had to appear that he was not completely deflated. Slowly, with as much strength as he could muster, he got to his feet. Even the clowns in the arena had stopped their antics to see what was to happen now the battle was over.
Enough! The voice had come from the Green Dragon Lord. No more is necessary. We have come to our decision. 
The Green Dragon stepped forward, casting a glance to Gatsby, he continued, I should note that we would have come to a consensus much earlier, but one of us was not easily persuaded. Nevertheless, the majority of the dragon lords find that Thomas, master of wizardry, has not misrepresented himself.
This is ridiculous! Gatsby roared as he came forward. He was no wizard! This is some kind of trick!
I said ENOUGH! The Green Lord turned on Gatsby. We have been patient enough with you. These two have danced around to the tune of your song for long enough. Now it's time for you to dance to the tune of ours.
What?! Gatsby looked in disbelief at the council of dragon lords. 
Alkamire, we leave it to you to discipline this poor excuse for a prince.
The king was still in the pile of bakery looking utterly exhausted. There was no place that he could go in his current condition. Thomas sighed. He had to restore a little of the dignity that he had taken away from Alkamire Aqual.
Cakes to Robes and bread to attire, 
Dress the king of BlueShift, Alkamire.
The piles of baking disappeared just as one of the clowns was about to bite into a chocolate chip muffin. Simultaneously, the king was engulfed in a swirling vortex of blue that left him in a regal looking outfit of Azure and Gold. 
As he saw Alkamire's tired shocked expression, Thomas's eyes rolled back up in his head, and he collapsed to the ice. He didn't even feel the hard unforgiving surface as he hit it with a crack.
CHAPTER 28
SEETHING RED
When Thomas woke up, he was still feeling hazy and his vision was blurry. He seemed to be in a forest. The ground was soft, and the trees branches reached out above his head to shield him from the elements. Something was running through his hair. Thomas put a hand to his head. There was a large lump on the backside.
How are you feeling? 
Thomas brought his head up slowly, the world spinning as he did. It wasn't a forest he could see now. It was Alanna's tree bed. Alanna? Had she been running her hand over his head?
Hungry, dizzy, and I have a slight headache. Otherwise alright I guess.
You hit the ice pretty hard.
I think I missed that. Thomas groaned. I'm alive I see. What happened after...
Alanna closed her eyes and took a breath. 
After you passed out things got ugly. 
Alanna shifted, agitated. 
Father had you immediately taken to my room to rest, where some of his best medical staff cared for you. After you were carried out, a great argument erupted between Gatsby and my father. Alanna looked sad. I have never seen Gatsby act like that before. He accused my father of being weak, of going easy on you. He volunteered to let you face him when you regained your strength.
Thomas must have visibly tensed, because Alanna laid a hand on his and smiled. Don't worry, Gatsby was not interested in being subjected to what you put my father through. 
Thomas felt more than a little relieved, He knew that he would have to see the king again soon. He hadn't had a chance to talk to him in private since returning to BlueShift, and he wanted to find out how much of the king's anger was for show, and how much was genuine. He knew it was a meeting he was not looking forward to. As if reading Thomas' thoughts Alanna added, Don't worry about father. He pushed you very hard, you shouldn't feel badly for the way you fought against him. If anything, it should be quite the opposite. He enquires often as to your health. I think he feels badly for how hard he has made your life. 
Thomas wasn't so sure of that. He had pushed his luck humiliating the king the way he had.
The dragon council was in agreement regarding Gatsby. A majority of the leaders of other dragon nations harbour distrust of the Ganton dragons. This was just the sort of thing to push them over the line.
Alanna's voice trailed off, I had hoped that Gatsby would be different. The Ganton Dragon legacy is one of brute force and arrogance. I really thought that Gatsby was a bright spot in their otherwise dark history. She shook her head sadly. 
The dragon council ruled that Gatsby should be exiled never to return. Alanna looked crushed. 
I feel terrible about this Alanna. That was never my intention. Maybe it would have been better if I had found some way to escape.
Don't be silly Thomas. If anyone is to be pitied it's you. Betrayed by the very people who placed you in this mess.
How Thomas had come to be entangled in Gatsby's scheme no longer mattered to him. Their ruse for a relationship was slowly becoming very real to Thomas. He wondered if he really had any choice about leaving Alanna. Looking into Alanna's sad eyes, Alanna's beautiful eyes, Thomas knew the answer. The moment he had looked into those eyes, he had lost all control of his life. He would be led to happiness or disaster by those eyes. 
Gatsby is gone then?
Not yet. He is still in the city, he has until tomorrow to leave. Until then, he is free to roam as he wishes.
Thomas swung his feet over the edge of the bed and sat up. His head swimming as he did. He had to find something to eat soon. 
Then we have to get going.
You want to see Gatsby? Alanna seemed a little surprised.
I have to talk to him at least once before he goes. I would think since he's been your friend for ages, that you would want to know what's going on too.
I do Alanna admitted. But I'm also a little afraid. I haven't seen Gatsby act like this before. I'm not sure what he would do to you if you saw him. I can remember a time when he wouldn't harm a fly, when he was completely carefree. Now, I just don't know.
I have to go, you can stay here if you feel uncomfortable.
You don't think that I would let you go alone, do you? I'm just nervous about seeing him. Alanna took Thomas' hand in hers as he turned to leave. 
Thomas... I have something to tell you.
Yes?
Alanna stood at the foot of the bed, looking down at Thomas' hand. The moment of silence stretched on for an eternity that Thomas' didn't want to end, but finally she spoke. 
I just wanted you to know, that no matter what happens, I won't treat you the way Gatsby has. I'm not proud of what he has done, but that's not the type of person I am.
I know that, Alanna. 
As Thomas opened the door to Alanna's room, he braced himself against the chill of the evening air. It was nighttime. A good deal of time had passed since his confrontation with the king. They needed to get going if they were to see Gatsby before he left.
***** 
Alanna silently bit her lip as she walked behind Thomas through the city. It was night now, the moon was full overhead, and the sounds of the busy city life were dying down. Only a few taverns remained open, and of those, nearly all of them were already seeing off the last of their customers.
She had wanted to talk to Thomas about the journal pages that he had hidden from her. The ones that she had read only a few days before. She had felt terrible that she had violated his privacy, but admitting that she had, meant admitting that she knew he had feelings for her, and she didn't know if she could deal with that right now.
Alanna lead Thomas through the maze of streets to the inn where Gatsby was staying. After the confrontation had ended with her father, the guards were keeping Gatsby under surveillance until he left the following day. Alanna could guess at Gatsby's state of mind. He was imprisoned in the city that used to be his second home and on the verge of being kicked out forever. 
They came upon the 'Comfy Quilt Inn' which was situated fairly close to the gates of the city. The inn's sign caught the flickering light from the lamps as it swung in the chill of the evening wind. The creaking from the old metal hinges were the only sound to be heard this late into the winter's night. 
Thomas looked for reassurance that they were in the right place, and Alanna nodded. With guards standing watch, the building seemed more a prison than a place to rest. Thomas and Alanna stepped through the door purposefully. 
The door opened to the common room, which reminded Thomas of Henry The Seer's home. It wasn't a remarkable place in any manner, but neither was it dilapidated. There were several tables of fairly plain design situated around the room, all of which were vacant. There was a bar area with a counter where two guards were sitting, talking quietly to themselves while a bartender cleaned glasses. The guards nodded at Alanna as she entered the tavern. She imagined that they were expecting her to make an appearance eventually, and did nothing to deter her.
Is Gatsby in? she asked.
Yes princess. He's in the top room. Just climb the stairs until they end. That's his room.
Well, that was that. Gatsby was there. She looked at Thomas. Thomas walked out in front of Alanna to lead the way up the old staircase. She could feel her nerves starting to kick in. Her heart was beating faster, and her hands trembled.
The staircase to the top floor seemed endless. It spiralled around and around, past several doors until it finally came to an end at a plain looking door with a knocker on it. 
Wow, he has the honeymoon suite. Thomas said, trying to lighten the mood.
Maybe he is already asleep. Alanna said to Thomas. 
Thomas took the knocker and quickly rapped on the door. Come. a voice responded from inside of the room. 
Opening the door and stepping in, Thomas first noticed the odour. The room smelt vaguely as a gym locker might if dirty clothing had been left there too long. Despite the lingering unpleasant smell, the room was probably one of the nicer ones the inn had to offer. The floors were made from a nicely finished wood, the bed was as large as three normal sized beds, and was carved with all manner of patterns. The main window overlooked the streets and the gate that led out of the city. The large fireplace, which was roaring over in the corner, bathed the room in a warm light that contrasted against the cold features of the individual that sat with his back to the door from which they had just entered.
I expected you would be coming eventually.
Thomas walked with trepidation over to a chair next to Gatsby, and sat down. Alanna took the chair to the other side, and the three of them sat in silence, each waiting for the other to speak.
It was Thomas that spoke first. I had to come Gatsby.
I know. Gatsby said. His expression never changed. He neither looked at Alanna or Thomas. He stared into the fireplace, like a snake being entranced by a charmer. 
I just can't figure out what's going on. Why?
Gatsby just sat there, saying nothing. Then finally he broke the silence.
Thomas? Would you mind if I talked to Alanna for a moment alone?
Alanna's heart skipped a beat. She had been afraid of this. 
It's alright Thomas. She hoped she sounded more confident than she felt. Wait downstairs for me. 
Thomas didn't seem to want to move. I came here to get some answers. I am tired of not knowing what's going on. I feel like I have been shoved into a slippery chute with no idea of what lies at the end.
Please Thomas? asked Alanna.
Thomas grunted in frustration. Fine. He got up abruptly, marched to the door and slammed it closed without another word. Alanna needed answers as badly as Thomas, and it seemed that Gatsby was only willing to talk to her.
A few moments after Thomas retreated down the stairs, Gatsby finally broke the trance the fireplace held over him and turned to face Alanna.
I am sorry for putting you through this Alanna.
I'm not sure if I can accept that Gatsby. I'm just as confused as Thomas is. This whole thing was your idea.
Gatsby sighed and closed his eyes. I know. I'm sorry.
Do you have any idea what you have put us through Gatsby? You concocted this plan to free yourself from me, you involve Thomas, then you turn around and throw him at the mercy of my father, believing him to have no type of power to defend himself?! He's an innocent bystander in this, and you put him in harm's way for your own sake!
How was I to know the king would send you off on some deranged mission to see The Oracle?
I'm not talking about the quest Gatsby! I'm talking about you betraying him to the king. You knew full well what would happen when you told my father that Thomas wasn't a wizard!
He seemed to handle it alright. Gatsby said defensively.
That's not the point! You believed that he wasn't a wizard. You knew that the actions you took would have a good chance in ending with Thomas being badly hurt... or worse. How could you do that Gatsby!? He's supposed to be your friend! Alanna was shaking. She didn't realize how upset she had been, but Gatsby's nonchalant responses to the dangerous predicament he had put Thomas in touched a nerve, and anger boiled over from some hidden reservoir inside of her. 
Gatsby looked as if he had been physically slapped.
You have NO idea what we have been through. Do you know how many times I've almost lost Thomas in the last week alone? Avalanches, floods, the Shadow, and the worst... you stabbing him in the back. I believe that hurt him worse than any of the physical injuries he has suffered so far from your scheming.
Gatsby was struck silent. He neither moved, nor gave any indication that he was going to respond.
Well?! 
Gatsby stared at Alanna before finally responding. I made a mistake.
You have made a LOT of mistakes.
Maybe. But the mistake I am talking about is running away from you. Three hundred years ago.
It was Alanna's turn to be struck silent.
I wasn't ready for marriage, I cared deeply for you, but I didn't like being pushed into an arrangement. It wasn't until after I saw Thomas with you, that I realized...
Gatsby reached out for Alanna, but then pulled his hand back, as if a physical barrier impeded him doing anything more.
I am in love with you Alanna.
Alanna's stomach tightened. She didn't know what to say anymore. He loved her. She had wanted to hear those words for longer than she could remember. But everything had changed somehow. Thomas loved her too. She had now seen the worst in Gatsby. A jealous individual who would throw friends to the flames in order to obtain what he desired. His behaviour was all too similar to his father's. At the same time, Thomas, who she had thought represented the worst that humanity had to offer, had shown her kindness and sacrifice without hope of reward. All that had happened in the short span of a month, had somehow poisoned what she felt for him.
Do you know why I chose to go along with your plan, Gatsby? 
I assumed it was because you wanted your freedom as much as I had.
Did she dare tell him the truth? It seemed there had been enough deception to fill two lifetimes. 
I wasn't afraid of marrying you. I was in love with you. I wanted more than anything to win your affection, not have it forced on you. So I set you free. I thought at first we would all travel together, and that would have given me the time with you to get reacquainted. That all changed when you were sent off, and Thomas and I went on our journey. It's hard to say this now, but it may have been for the best. I don't think it was our fate to be together. I can forgive the things that you have done, but I don't believe I can love you in the manner that you wish me to. I still care very deeply for you, but I saw a side of you today that I didn't like, and it worries me.
Alanna placed her hand on Gatsby's shoulder. You are better than your father you know. I see a bright future for the Ganton Dragons when you become ruler. Don't end up becoming the kind of person you loathed in our youth.. 
Gatsby's eyes brimmed with tears. His face twisted with raw emotion. You lie! You never loved me! Gatsby pulled away from Alanna. Get out! I don't want to see you ever again!
Alanna felt Gatsby's remark cut her like a knife through her chest. You don't mean that Ga....
I said out! Take your play prince with you! Gatsby's hands tightened around the wooden arm of the chair he stood next to, so hard that it threatened to break in his grasp.
You will regret the day that you crossed me Alanna, I swear it.
What have I done....
Gatsby grabbed Alanna and hauled her to the door like a sack of grain. I said get away from me!!! Gatsby threw Alanna into the hall and slammed the door behind him. Alanna stood stunned in the hallway for several moments before she felt the river of tears start coursing down her face. Her heart was a broken husk, torn in too many directions and finally trampled on by her closest friend.
***** 
Thomas didnt feel right leaving Alanna alone with Gatsby. There was something wrong with him. 
The tavern was still as empty as when he had left it, emptier actually. There was only one guard, but this guard caught Thomas' immediate attention. Tetchbolt was sitting at the bar with a fresh mug of ale.
You're still alive I see. 
From facing the king or facing Gatsby?
Both.
 He had to have heard about the earlier battle by now. That sort of news tended to spread like wildfire.
Oh I knew you made it through the fight in one piece. Well, sort of. I was there when they packed you off the ice. I just had no idea what they did with you after they hauled you away. Anyway, I was feeling kinda hungry and there's not too many places open at this time of night, so I thought I would come on down and get a bite. Earl and Vick told me that you two were upstairs, so I figured I would hold down the fort for them.
Thomas found it hard to believe that Tretchbolt was just here to eat, but the mention of food reminded Thomas that he hadn't eaten in a long time, and he was starving. 
You don't trust Gatsby, do you?
Let's just say I will sleep better once I know he's on the outside. I'm a little surprised to find you two here. I mean, Alanna, I suppose I can see that, but you?
Just then the door slammed upstairs causing Thomas to jump.
Alanna? 
There was no reply. Thomas had thought it should have been alright to leave Alanna with Gatsby, he wouldn't do anything to her. However, the slammed door and lack of answer alarmed Thomas. He started up the stairs, taking each step faster than the last. Alanna?! When Thomas reached the top step, he saw Alanna leaning against the wall, face cupped in her hands, softly heaving.
What did he do to you! Thomas felt anger well up inside. Are you alright?! 
Alanna lifted her head to Thomas, and what Thomas saw tore at his heart. Alanna's face was wrenched in pain. She hesitated a moment, as if she were going to say something, and then she turned fast, and ran down the stairwell.
Thomas mouth curled into an uncontrolled snarl.
GATSBY!! 
Thomas pounded on the door. No reply came from inside, no acknowledgement of what was happening out in the hall outside his room. 
GATSBY!! Thomas pounded the door. 
Thomas was at the mercy of his emotions now. Had he been thinking, he would have prepared himself better to confront Gatsby.
Mystic powers, let me through,
Rend this door that's whole in two.
This time the blue engulfed Thomas' whole body, the entire hallway danced in brilliant blue light. The power formed a solid wedge that flew forward splitting the door in two and tearing it clean off the hinges.
Gatsby stood staring at the doorway and Thomas with a look of hatred etched so deeply into his features it was hard to recognize him as the friend he had travelled with just a short time ago.
Thomas strode purposefully into the room. 
What did you do to her Gatsby?!
So. You are a wizard after all. I shouldn't be surprised that someone like you lied.
ALANNA! What did you do to her!
Gatsby sneered. Oh I didn't do anything to your precious Alanna. I just told her not to come to see me anymore.
What's wrong with you Gatsby? What did we do to you?!
NOTHING! You did nothing. You just happened into my life and ruined EVERYTHING. Gatsby stepped closer to Thomas, his fists clenched to his side.
I don't get it, how did I ruin YOUR life. I'm the one that's constantly being fed to the wolves!
Tell me that you don't have feelings for her! Gatsby spat this into Thomas' face.
Thomas was taken aback for a moment, not sure how to respond. Gatsby was in love with Alanna? Then why...
Tell me!
I love her. Simple and true. 
Gatsby let out a howl and charged at Thomas, grabbing his neck. He threw Thomas at the opposite wall with such force Thomas knocked over a nightstand and a chair before splintering a clothing rack on the opposite wall. Pinpricks of light danced across Thomas' vision. He didn't have time to think as Gatsby was coming for him again with a look of death in his eyes.
Tables, chairs, beds too,
Knock this... Too late.
Gatsby grabbed Thomas again and clubbed him across the face. Thomas fell forward against the ground. Something warm and wet trickled down his face. 
Gatsby. Thomas almost whispered.
Gatsby was dragging Thomas now toward the staircase. All of a sudden, Thomas was flying. Pain seared through his bones as he hit the second floor landing with an earth shattering crash. Thomas managed to open his eyes just as Gatsby came at him again.
Stairs of wood.... 
Something ... the stairs to collapse... what could he say. Thomas already knew it was going to be too late anyway. Gatsby was almost on top of him. He sat on top of Thomas making it hard for him to breath, let alone speak. He laid into Thomas with one hit after another. His stomach, across his eye, his nose. The pain flaring with each blow, and not all of it physical. 
Gatsby had been his friend.
Then as suddenly as Gatsby had attacked him, he was getting off him. No wait. Someone yanked him off. Tretchbolt!
Tretchbolt had yanked Gatsby off Thomas and thrown him down the last flight of stairs. 
Tretchbolt meant business, he stormed off down the stairwell, and out of sight. A war was erupting below, but Thomas couldn't bring himself to his feet. His ribs ached, he couldn't bring air into his lungs, and the room was spinning. There was more wrong with his body right now than his brain could register. 
The noise of fighting continued on for several minutes before ending with the sound of the front door of the inn being slammed. Thomas closed his eyes and lay there listening to the silence for a while. As much as he hated Gatsby for what he had done, he finally understood what had turned his friend against him. 
Eventually the door to the inn opened and closed again, and the next thing Thomas knew, he was being carried downstairs. Thomas opened his eyes, or eye, as the other eye was starting to swell shut. He was being laid on a lounge seat to the side of the bar. Tretchbolt didn't look any worse for wear after facing Gatsby. He couldn't imagine anyone hurting Tretchbolt. The guy was built like a bulldozer.
And there you have it. which to Thomas sounded more like, 'I told you so.'
That's the problem with magicians. Great in the open where they have time to think. But get them into a corner, and good luck.
Thomas had learned that lesson the hard way. To his defence, he hadn't been expecting to end up in a brawl with Gatsby. Hadn't he? What did he think that Gatsby was going to do? Sit down for a cup of tea?
Can you stand up?
Thomas winced as he swung his legs over the side of the lounger. 
Thanks Tretch. Thomas leaned back a few moments, and then brought himself to his feet. Tretchbolt watched him in silence as Thomas wobbled a little. 
You alright to go on your own? You probably should make sure Alanna is alright. I was on my way to follow her back when I remembered you were still here. When you didn't follow I knew something was up. You're lucky I came back.
I think I'll be alright. I better go find out if Alanna is okay. Gatsby...
Decided to leave early. Tretchbolt finished. 
Thomas just nodded. Carefully he made his way to the door, and then turned back, At least the worst of it is over. It sounded more a like a question than a statement. When no reply came, he turned and walked out to find Alanna.
I hope so kid. Tretchbolt whispered quietly to himself. I hope so.
***** 
The full moon overhead bathed the palace in a soft blue light. It was as if someone had enclosed the sun in a blue crystal. Every detail was clearly discernible. The taverns had long such closed, the shops had been closed for ages. No one wandered the streets. Even the creatures of the night, sensing the coming day had gone to sleep. It was absolutely quiet.
Alanna sat, lost in thought, on the stairs leading up to the main door of the palace. She reflected on her life as a child, the day she met Gatsby outside of the city. She thought of all the wonderful adventures that they had had together. They had always sworn that they would be friends forever, but he wasn't that person anymore. She had loved him though, and he loved her.
There you are! I was worried about you! 
Thomas had sneaked up on Alanna while she was lost in thought. His back was to the moon, so all that she could make out was his silhouette.
I'm sorry I ran out Thomas. It's just...
Thomas sat down gently beside Alanna and put his arm around her shoulder. 
It's alright Alanna, you don't need to explain. 
Thomas sat, comforting Alanna for a long while, staring off at the winter moon. Eventually, as the sky tinged by red signalled the coming coming sun, Thomas spoke again, softly. He's in love with you, you know.
I know. Alanna could feel Thomas tense slightly. I know it's not my business, but... Do you...
I don't know. Not so long ago, the answer would have been easy. Now? Alanna looked into Thomas' face.
THOMAS! WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR FACE! 
Thomas looked away, but didn't say anything. His right eye was completely swollen shut. His face was badly bruised and bloodied. His lip was split. She felt her stomach twist. Gatsby! 
It was my fault. I shouldn't have pressed him. 
You don't have to protect him. No matter what happened, he knows better. A lot better.
I would rather not talk about it if it's alright. Thomas stood up. 
I'm sorry to have to leave you here, but I've got to get something to snack on. I haven't eaten in a long time, I'm tired, and I can barely think straight.
Alanna could tell Thomas was ready to collapse.I think I can get you something in the kitchen. You head off to the room, I will bring it up to you.
Normally she would expect to hear Thomas argue, but he looked so exhausted he just nodded and walked away offering his sincere but tired thanks.For better or worse, Alanna had dealt with some of the most awful things to ever happen to her. Putting it behind her, all she could do was hope that the new day, already dawning, would take a turn for the positive. 
CHAPTER 29
BIRTHDAY
Alanna was furious. The only problem was, she didn't know how to alleviate her anger. Thomas had long since gone to sleep, nearly passing out the moment that he had hit the bed. She had 'accidentally' seen him changing into his sleep-wear, and it wasn't a pretty sight. His entire chest was a mosaic of black and blue blotches that reminded Alanna of a world map. In addition to the bruises, and often on top of them, Thomas had numerous cuts and gouges out of his back and arms. To finish the whole image off, there was blood caked here and trickling there, nauseating Alanna at the sight.. His face looked even worse by light than it had in the dark. At least the Shadows had hid some of the bruising, but in full light, Thomas was in severely rough shape. He hadn't wanted Alanna to see him in this state, but she had sneaked a peak anyway. Now that he was asleep, all she could think about was what Gatsby had done to Thomas. 
The quill she held in her hand snapped in two. Oh dear. She would have to get another one in the morning. Thomas' steadfast accounting of his adventures had inspired her to start her own journal, which she was satisfied to say, Thomas knew nothing about. Women were much better at keeping secrets than men. If he ever found it and dared read it, she would thrash him to the edge of death. Would she? She gazed at Thomas peacefully asleep on the bed. In his current condition, she didn't know if she could be angry about anything to do with him. Gatsby on the other hand...
Alanna tried to push Gatsby from her mind for the millionth time that day. Thomas was likely to sleep through the day and well on into the week. Alanna decided to get some sleep as well. She had plans for when Thomas was feeling better. But they could wait. After a great effort, sleep came uneasily. Her mind was spinning, making it difficult to sleep. Her thoughts transported her into dreams of wars, Thomas fighting and dying in front of her with Gatsby looking on, laughing. 
***** 
FOOD! Thomas sat bolt upright. What time was it? What day was it?! The heavy aroma of something delicious being cooked had wafted into the room bringing Thomas out of his near comatose state. His stomach had mutinied, he was no longer allowed to sleep until he found out what that heavenly aroma was. His vision was still blurry, but he noticed he could see out of his right eye again. Laying a hand to the side of his head, he noticed that the swelling was almost completely gone. That was fast! Or was it? His stomach growled so loud that the skin on the outside bounced up and down with the sound waves. 
Thomas tested his legs. He was still sore, but not to the point where it was disabling. He was able to shuffle around and get some new clothes on. Since he was staying in Alanna's room, someone had brought in another dresser at some point, all filled with different styles of clothing and neatly divided into sections. One part of the dresser held clothes that an adventurer might wear, while another section held formal wear meant for a ball or social functions. There were semi-formal suits, which you might wear as a lord with no special occasion in mind, and even swimwear of a sort. Thomas decided that the adventurer's clothing was closer to what he was used to and put on a pair of grey pants, white silk shirt and a nice brown leather jerkin over top.
As Thomas finished up dressing, the door behind him opened, and a humming Alanna entered the room with a tray of food that rivalled an all-you-can-eat buffet. The scent of baked cheese combined with the aroma of fresh bread and bacon washed over Thomas. He bathed in it for a moment, closing his eyes, before finally taking the tray from Alanna.
I'm glad you're up. I thought we could have breakfast in here today. Alanna cleared the small table near the wall and set the chairs. 
The food looks great! I'm so hungry that if the moon really were made of cheese, there might not ever be a full moon again. 
Alanna looked at Thomas with a strange expression.
It's just a saying where I come from. Thomas realized a lot of the things he said must sound strange to her.
Thomas dug in to the mountains of food. There were three or four different types of buns. Some just plain, others with cheese or meat in the middle. Some were sweet, some were salty and all were delicious. Then there were several different types of fruit, a few different styles of omelettes, and juice as well as something that tasted suspiciously like coffee. 
Is this drink by Edric as well? Thomas asked sipping the coffee.
Alanna smiled, Are you a Seer as well as a wizard?
No. Just something I have had before.
Thomas and Alanna finished up the feast leaving almost nothing on the tray. The greater part of the meal disappeared under Thomas' supervision, but Alanna had her fair share as well.
How long have I been out for? Thomas finally asked when they had finished up their meal.
Alanna had started to clear away the dishes and tidy the room. About 4 days I would guess. Even father was starting to get worried about you.
I'm not so sure about that. The last meeting with King Alkamire hadn't exactly endeared the two to each other. 
Actually, father needs to talk with you when you are ready. He's wanted to speak with you for a few days now, but I told him you were still recovering.
Thomas realized that Alanna must have told Alkamire about the altercation between Gatsby and himself. How much does he know?
Nobody really knows exactly what happened between you and Gatsby, but between Tretchbolt and I, I think that the king has a fairly good idea. That... Alanna rested a hand on Thomas' bruised arm, ...and he came to see you once. Before you had healed. Alanna's expression grew sad momentarily, but then she brightened.
He was concerned about you Thomas. I think that he likes you. At least, he doesn't disapprove of you.
Thomas would have laughed out loud if it wouldn't have hurt Alanna's feelings. 
We should go and see him anyway. You and I will be travelling to Westminster in a few days, and we should really clear things up with him before we go.
Westminster. Edric. It seemed so long ago that he had set out with the intention of seeing his great uncle and returning home. Now, he found he wasn't that eager to leave. He wanted few more days to enjoy the castle for possibly the last time.
*****
Alkamire Aqual was sifting through land deeds and complaint forms when the knock came at the door. 
Come.
The door opened to admit Popkin. Popkin had made himself scarce since the fight between Thomas and Alkamire, but had started to check in on the king a little more often lately, now that it was apparent that Alkamire was not going to throw Thomas into the dungeon or have him beheaded as some persisting rumours had suggested. Another one of many reasons that Alkamire hoped Thomas would wake soon and get outside. As soon as the people saw Thomas healthy and walking about, the rumours would die.
Sire, I am here to inform you that Thomas Kindercook will be coming to see you shortly.
Excellent. Thank-you Popkin. 
Popkin bowed deeply and backed out of the doorway. He certainly had been more formal since the battle. 
Thomas had been on the king's mind quite often since the battle. Alkamire had been anxious to talk to him after the fight, but it seemed that events had led to his exhaustion, and if Tretchbolt was to be believed, Thomas had very nearly been killed by Gatsby. 
Alkamire slammed a document down onto the desk and cursed. He found it hard to believe how fast Gatsby and the Ganton Dragons had gone from being his salvation to his undoing. Things were not going well between the Red and Blue Dragons. Since Gatsby left, a communication had come in from one of Ganton's messengers. Alkamire picked up the crushed parchment on his right and smoothed it out to read it again.
Alkamire.
Gatsby has informed me of your attempt to set a wizard upon him. When he arrived, he was in such poor health we were not sure if he would make it through the night. We are formally withdrawing our support and severing our alliance.
Blood on rocks Alkamire! It didn't have to be this way!
Ganton Blackrock.
The parchment bore pieces of the Royal seal that didn't flake off when Alkamire crumbled the paper. Gatsby had left out Tretchbolt as his assailant on purpose. It served the Red's purpose better if they spread the story that the human wizard had attacked him rather than the guard. It must be Ganton's wish to turn the other Dragon's races against the human and wizard world. If they succeeded, it would be the whole dragon species that would suffer. Time was never more of the essence.
Alkamire was putting aside the crushed paper when Thomas announced himself from outside of the door. 
Please, come in Thomas.
Thomas was looking quite gaunt as he entered the chamber. His wounds looked better, but hadn't fully healed yet. His eye was still slightly swollen, and his bruising had gone from purple to brown.
Alanna said you wished to speak with me? 
Thomas seemed tentative. He was going to have to put him at ease quickly, a lot depended on Thomas' swift action.
Yes Thomas, come, sit down.
Thomas walked in and sat stiffly in the chair, wincing as he did. No, he wasn't in good condition at all.
I'm going to get right to the point. We need to put our fight behind us. It was unfortunate, but necessary.
I'm still not entirely convinced it was necessary.
Alkamire's mouth tightened. He supposed that this was a good time. He reached into a drawer in his desk, and pulled out a scroll.
Do you recognize this?
Thomas stared at the scroll. That's the scroll the Seer gave to us.
Exactly. I would like you to read it. Thomas' anticipation was palpable. Any hesitancy about being in Alkamire's presence was overshadowed by the curiosity that he had had about the contents of that parchment. He took the scroll as if it were a gift he had been expecting for a very long time, and began to read.
The king had read the scroll so many times that he had it memorized.
Dear Friend,
I have to tell you that it was good that you sent those kids up here. Normally I would say you are paranoid, but in this case, I had a vision unlike any I have had before.
The kid, Thomas... is going to be central to your battle coming up. I fear that he must be tied to your kingdom, or more than the Alkamire Dragons will be lost.
This isn't going to be as simple as you think mind you. I foresaw a battle coming between you and Thomas. 
I know your distaste for fighting, especially someone who is a genuinely good person. But this fight has to be, and you have GOT to fight him with all your strength. You'll understand why by the time it becomes necessary. Don't worry, he'll survive. The kid is like a darn cadby bug. I'm not sure what it would take to get rid of him.
Thomas needs to seek out Edric, and soon. You need to get him going in the right direction. It will be up to him to get an alliance between your two races, after that... well, after that is uncertain, but the future looks a fair shade of pink brighter if you have Edric's support.
It's hard to be a ruler, and a father. Trust me, I know, but you've done the right thing here. Trust Thomas. He's a good kid. I think he and Alanna make an interesting couple. 
Regards
Henry Bookbinder
PS. Don't let Thomas know about the contents of this letter until you feel its time. I'm not sure how the kid would react if he knew you were going to all out fight him. I know I wouldn't stick around. 
PPS. I've included my latest omelette masterpiece. See attached.

Thomas opted to omit reading the attachment. His shoulders and posture eased a bit as he finished reading the letter. 
So you knew I'd be okay. 
Thomas, I knew a lot more than that. Your magical powers are something you have just recently discovered, aren't they?
Thomas gaped. If you knew I wasn't a wizard... why....
I didn't know at first. I only suspected. There are certain traits I can read, being a dragon of a certain age. I could tell you had the ability to be a wizard, but I also could tell that it hadn't been developed. Then when you came back, the fight we had exhausted you far faster than any wizard I have faced before.
Thomas looked embarrassed. 
That doesn't mean anything. Considering your lack of training and the conditions you were in, you did remarkably well. You need time to develop the stamina required to cast spells on the fly.
The king chuckled a little. Though you don't need much work on creativity. Your group of humans in strange makeup have taken up residence in the arena. The guards tell me they are building an intricate set for something. I have decided to let them stay as a reminder to myself.
What kind of reminder?
Expect the unexpected.
Alkamire drew in a deep breath and leaned back in his chair. I have a request of you Thomas. I need for you to make your trip to Edric soon. I have mentioned the impending war often enough. I wish you could take more time to heal and regain your strength, but I need you to leave to see Edric as soon as possible.
When?
I think you should leave the day after tomorrow. I am going to have Tretchbolt travel with you. I think that he was interested in talking to you as well.
The king rose from his seat and walked over to a small table, where an ancient ornate box sat. The king slowly opened the box, and retrieved one of three large metallic stamps.
Is it still your desire to marry my daughter?
When Thomas didn't respond, Alkamire continued. 
I'm giving my permission Thomas. You are very young, this is true, but in terms of time as dragons see it, you will be an adult in the blink of an eye. I must look at the long term. You have intelligence, courage, and above all, integrity. Alanna could do much worse, I think she would be lucky to have you. 
Alkamire watched as Thomas seemed to struggle with his reply. This worried him. Perhaps the events of the week had shaken Thomas more than he had anticipated. 
I would like to. Thomas finally spoke. His voice lacked the conviction that the king would have liked to have heard, but it was essential that the two were sealed together.
Good. The king approached Thomas and offered his hand. Please give me your arm. I am going to apply the seal that will be the first step in your engagement. This seal, to anyone who recognizes it, will give validity to your claims of engagement to my daughter. This is the first in a series of three parts. The second to come at the engagement, the final to come at your wedding.
Thomas reluctantly placed his arm under on the arm rest of the chair. Alkamire held Thomas' arm still and held the mysterious seal over top of Thomas' forearm.
From this day forth, you will be known as Thomas Aqual Kindercook. The king pressed the seal onto Thomas' skin firmly. At first nothing happened, but then the seal started to glow a vibrant blue. The glow spread from the seal, and ran up Thomas' arm. Thomas instinctively pulled back, but the king held his arm in place. Thomas shook as the seal took hold. Finally Thomas' arm dulled and the glow faded. the king pulled the seal away, and on Thomas' arm a glittering symbol was there, where none was before. Thomas pulled his arm back and looked at the odd design.
It is done. The king returned the seal back to the case, then returned to sit at his desk. You're free to go now Thomas.
Thomas ran his hand over the foreign symbol on his arm, then turned and left without another word. Sometimes Alkamire wished that he was an oracle. Placing all their hopes on this boy he hardly knew scared him more than he would admit to anyone.
***** 
Thomas stared at the giant eye staring back at him and wondered just what he had gotten himself into this time. His grandfather would have questions about the peculiar looking tattoo. He wasn't sure he would ever be able to tell him the answers. Shiny blue skin made up most of the tattoo. It looked alien to him, almost like shiny blue scales. It wasn't just the tattoo that bothered him. It was his answer to the question about marriage. He hadn't had the chance to think straight lately, but the more he thought about it, the more he realized that there really wasn't anything tying Alanna and Thomas together anymore. Now that Gatsby had insulted the king, attacked Thomas, and run off, there was no danger of the king forcing Alanna and Gatsby into an arranged marriage. At least he didn't think the king would go that far. That gave Thomas pause for thought. Alkamire was pushing Alanna and Thomas together for almost the same reason. Who was to say he wouldn't try to put them back together once Thomas was out of the picture.
Thomas rounded a corner, not even thinking of where he was going really. He almost ran over top of Popkin, who was darting through the halls carrying a tall stack of papers off to somewhere with great haste. The man really did remind Thomas of a mouse scurrying along the baseboards.
Thomas' thoughts drifted back to Alanna. It wasn't that he didn't want to stay with Alanna. He thought the world of her. He didn't believe, that, given freedom of choice, Alanna would have chosen him. She had an entire kingdom that would die for her. Thomas was a nobody who happened to be able to do magic because of a silly ring. Thomas idly thumbed the ring to make sure it was still on his finger.
The daydreaming ended when Thomas realized that he had walked to Alanna's room. Technically it was their room now, but he still didn't feel at home there. He was always having to find corners to change in, ways to avert his gaze when Alanna needed privacy. He wondered if his face would ever change to a normal shade of pink.
He knocked at the door first to be safe. Then he walked into the room. No one was here. That was for the best, he realized that he had wanted to write in his journal, and he didn't want prying eyes. Thomas had been keeping good track of his journeys, he wondered what type of a book his life might make when he got back. One to put him in the looney bin he imagined, or perhaps a fantasy novel. Names would have to be changed to protect the innocent. That's when the date caught his eye. His last entry was December second. That was five days ago if his math was correct. It was his birthday. He was fifteen today. Thomas sighed. He didn't even know if birthdays really meant anything around here. It didn't matter much anyway, there really wasn't anyone to share it with. Alanna, but she wouldn't understand the significance. Thomas suddenly felt very homesick. His grandfather would have got him a cake, a few presents, and made it into a warm occasion. They were never very well off, but his grandfather had a way of making even the simplest of things into a party worthy of a sultan. 
Thomas took out his diary, which he had taken to hiding in his dirty underwear. He was fairly certain that the princess wouldn't look in there. He began to write about his last 5 days, of his homesickness, and of his birthday wish: for his grandfather not to worry about him too much. Thomas drifted off to sleep on his journal mid sentence, pen leaving a trailing mark down the spine, his dreams taking him where he was unable to go. Home.
CHAPTER 30
COTTON CANDY, CAKE AND KISSES
Alanna rubbed at her temples as she walked away from the arena. The odd looking people who had taken up residence there were asking for access to the royal blacksmith. She didn't mind so much that they were staying. The arena was seldom used anyway, but they were starting to ask for quite a lot. Earlier they had been enquiring if she knew a good seamstress. At first Alanna had thought they wanted a few dresses or perhaps some alterations. She was later confronted by a stressed out Merideth, the court seamstress. It appeared that they were trying to make the inside of the arena look like a striped tent. Alanna was beginning to feel more like a maid than a princess. One who was there to clean up after Thomas' and her father's messes. 
Alanna headed for her room. She was sure that Thomas must be done talking to her father by now. She had been wondering why her father wanted to see Thomas for days now. Her father wasn't being very cooperative, but finally she would know the answer. Alanna grimaced. That was of course if Thomas was willing to talk about it. He shared more with his journal than he shared with any living being. 
As Alanna had expected, Thomas was in the room already and had passed out. Honestly! It was only mid morning and he was asleep again. His habitual sleeping was turning into an annoyance for Alanna. There was something sticking out from under Thomas' head. Alanna went over to the bed to take a look. That's when she noticed two things. The first was, Thomas had the ancient royal eye seal on his arm. Alanna was well aware of what the significance of the seal was, but she hadn't seen it used in her lifetime. She felt a cold chill. It was never done anymore. For many generations it had been hidden away in order to protect those foolish enough to use it, and now here it was, on Thomas' arm. The seal was magical, and ancient beyond all recollection. It had been passed down throughout the different dynasties of dragons, and was almost never used. Most dragons of the modern age had free will to enter and exit relationships as they pleased. This device bound one individual to another as if they were carved into the same stone. Of course there were benefits to the seal as well, or so she had been told. Though no one really knew what they might be. All those who had used the seal had long since passed on, and no literature had survived regarding the seal's properties, save it's ability to bind. Alanna wondered if Thomas had any idea what the significance of the seal was. She doubted it. Alanna couldn't help but feel frustrated and angry with her father. So this was why he was being elusive. 
The second thing that Alanna noticed was under the seal, or rather, under Thomas' arm. He was sleeping on his journal. He must have passed out while writing. Luck! Alanna was very good with her hands, she could slip things away from people while they were wide awake, and no one was the wiser. If she wasn't a princess already, she would have made an excellent thief. Alanna grabbed a book of similar size, and slipped it under Thomas at the same time that she was slipping the other one out. Thomas groaned a little but kept on sleeping. 
Alanna always felt a little guilty when she read Thomas' diary. It was wrong, and she knew it, but she simply couldn't help it. Too much of it had to do with her for her NOT to read it. 
The first few pages were mainly about the confrontations between Gatsby and the king, it wasn't until Alanna got to the last page that she found anything interesting. 
Dear Journal,
I'm still alive, still here, and still stuck in this alternate world. Today had its own unique set of surprises. Today I got a tattoo put on my arm by the king. It's the oddest thing I have ever seen. Shiny and blue, it sort of resembles an eye. The king plans to give me two more of these. Judging by the size of this one, I wonder if two more will fit. I also wonder what my grandfather is going to say when he sees it. 
Anyway, I'm feeling a little down today. It's my birthday, and I have no one here to celebrate it with. Thinking of it made me homesick. I miss my grandfather, and my bed. I haven't seen any of my friends now in ages. They must wonder what happened to me. I just keep thinking, when I get back, I will have a LOT to tell them. That usually leads me to thinking that maybe I won't tell them. I do, after all, want to keep my friends. I'm a little tired, I think I will nap for a little bit and the...
The pen trailed down the page from the last word. Alanna carefully placed the book back under Thomas and returned the placeholder back to its original spot on the bookshelf. It sounded like the annual celebration of someone's life on his home world was similar to her own. Alanna smiled at Thomas. She knew what she had to do.
***** 
Thomas woke up from his nap with the imprint of the book on his face and a slightly fuzzy feeling. He wasn't sure how long he had been asleep, but he guessed that it had been a little while as he could make out most of the words 'Personal Journal of' inverted on his cheek. He must still be healing. There was no sign that Alanna had been around. She must be getting back to her regular princess routine, whatever that was.
Thomas then noticed a suit had been placed at the foot of the bed while he was asleep. Okay, so obviously he wasn't going to grow up to be a detective. What the heck? Thomas picked the suit up and examined it. A note had been tacked to it. Wear me. Thomas was beginning to feel like Alanna's doll, do this, do that, wear this, wear that. He sighed shook his head. She seemed to have quite a lot in common with her father that way.
It was better to avoid an argument and just wear the suit. It didn't look all that bad . The jacket and pants were a nice charcoal grey, the top a nice light grey with a very slight blue hue to it. It came complete with socks and shoes. Thomas quickly got dressed and decided to look for Alanna and find out what this was all about.
Thomas opened the door and walked out briskly, right into Popkin, sending him sprawling on his back. 
Sorry Popkin! I didn't realize that you would be standing there. Are you on guard duty? The idea of Popkin as a guard seemed as bizarre as Tretchbolt taking ballet.
Alanna asked me to make sure when you get up that you, oh very good, you are wearing it.
Alanna had sent Popkin to spy on Thomas. Make sure that he was wearing her clothes like a good boy. Thomas wanted to growl.
Yes, I am wearing the suit, now if you will excuse me, I have to find her royalness. 
Oh that won't be necessary. Popkin got up, dusted himself off with a white handkerchief that he had stored in his inner coat pocket and adjusted his glasses. Alanna has already created an itinerary for you. You are to follow me to the entry hall.
So much for taking it easy on his last day off. Thomas and Popkin weaved their way through the palace with haste. Thomas of course knew the way, but Popkin took his job very seriously. When Thomas suggested that he could get there on his own, Popkin looked like he would blow a blood vessel. I have been waiting outside for you for at least four marks, I never wavered once, not even when nature called, and it called repetitively. No, I will show you to the hall as instructed. Someone will take over from there. Thomas didn't understand why Popkin was being so rigid. He would have gone to the hall on his own. Maybe.
As bitter as Thomas felt about being led around by the nose, the trip to the main hall proved to be worth it. As Thomas rounded the corner and walked in, he saw a sight that would be forever etched into his memory.
Tretchbolt was wearing a formal suit, his hair was slicked back, and his normally hairy hands and 10 day shadow were completely shaven. In short, he looked very much like a butler for the rich and famous. He was still a mountain of a man, and the dangerous glint never left his eyes, but he looked completely different, almost civil. Thomas wondered what occasion would help Tretchbolt find his comb.
Tretch? Are you wearing....
Finish that sentence, and that will be the last sentence you are able to finish.
Thomas turned a laugh into a half cough which earned him a stern glare from Tretchbolt.
What's the occasion Tretch?
You are, your 'majesty' Tretchbolt didn't even attempt to mask the heavy mockery in his voice.
I am? What do you mean? I still have no idea what's going on here. I got a note that said get dressed, and I was dragged here by someone sworn to secrecy. Nobody is telling me anything.
And no one will, or they risk the wrath of royalty. The experience of wearing normal clothing must have been straining for Tretchbolt, because ever few minutes he was scratching at his collar, fiddling with his shoes, or trying to tuck in the dress shirt which didn't quite fit. No surprise there, the only surprise was they could find one for him to wear at all.
So what do we do now? Thomas desperately hoped this wasn't another one of those dinner parties like the last one. He found it very uncomfortable having a meal while everyone was watching him eat.
Apparently I am to be your chauffeur tonight. Tretchbolt coughed and straightened up in attempt to play the part. Now if you will kindly follow me before I kick your butt sir.
Not completely civilized, but still, an improvement. Thomas followed Tretchbolt out of the palace grounds to where a carriage was waiting. It was a different one from the one he had come to the palace in when first meeting with the king. This one was a deep shiny black. The cab was tilted forward with a sloping roof. The rear of the cab was slightly wider than the front. The wheels were a shiny silver with gold trim. If this had been back home, this would have been the Rolls Royce of carriages. Sleek, elegant, but not overdone. 
Tretchbolt held open the door to the carriage, very nearly accomplishing a look of sophistication. Only the scowl on his face spoiled the effect.
The ride to wherever it was that they were supposed to be going should have been smooth and relaxing, but it was anything but. Thomas was just getting comfortable on the plush seats in the cab when CRACK, They hit a massive hole in the road. The experience was bone jarring, especially considering the lack of shocks. Thomas was just getting relaxed again when CRACK! They hit another pothole. It wasn't until about the third pothole that Thomas started to hear a faint chuckle coming from the drivers area of the carriage every time they hit a bump. 
Alright, thought Thomas. He would remember this.
Several bumps and a few wild turns later, They finally came to a stop. Tretchbolt opened the door with a facade of mock innocence. 
I trust the journey was pleasant? 
Cut it out Tretch, cute doesn't suit you.
Tretchbolt ground his teeth.
The carriage had come to stop on the elbow of the cobblestone road. Thomas needed a moment to take in what he saw. It was the middle of winter, and it was cold, but the beauty of this area of the city was undeniable. He had never been to this part of town before. The road turned to follow along the shore of a large lake that shone a brilliant bright blue, matching the sky above. The old cobblestone streets were lined with gas lanterns, each with flowing flowers of every colour under the sun planted in ornate metal boxes hanging along side. There were some quaint shops, each with a hand crafted facade that indicated the type of service they provided. On the outside of a bakery, there were all sorts of doughy delights carved into the wood that framed the store. Another store obviously sold alcoholic beverages, as the doorway was made to look like the front of a keg that you walked into. 
Alright, now what?
Tretchbolt pointed to the shop on the corner nearest the water. The framing around the shop windows and doors was a tasteful deep oak with deep lattice patterns carved in. A giant copper teacup on a platter stuck out from the wall above the door. How did they keep that from turning green? The city must pay a lot of attention to maintaining such things. Then Thomas realized that Tretchbolt wasn't pointing at the shop, but at a bench facing the water, next to the shop. On the bench, sat a girl in a purple, silk dress. All that Thomas could see was the back of the girl's head, but he knew who it was. Thomas walked as if in a dream over to the bench where she was sitting. Alanna turned to look at Thomas. Her hair, that wonderfully deep black, had a rich sheen to it, and was falling down her back in slight waves. Her dress was cut lower than Thomas had seen her wear before. Alanna must have picked up on his thoughts.
It's alright, you can sit down you know. Alanna gave him a sly smile.
Thomas grabbed the arm of the bench to help ease himself down, then decided that it probably made him look a little silly, so let go, only to stumble a little over his own feet, which, caused him to fall into rather than sit on the bench. Why was it that a pretty girl always made you feel you were under the microscope? Seeing Alanna dressed like this was like meeting her all over again. But what was this all about? 
Um, you're hair is shiny. Fool! What was he saying? Your hair is shiny? What kind of a compliment was that? Was that even a compliment?
Thanks. Your suit is on straight. 
Thomas laughed. Sorry. I ... I'm sorry.
Alanna smiled and shook her head. 
So what's this all about?
Oh this? Alanna was playing with him. Nothing. I just thought it was time that you got out of the palace. You've been sitting in my room for days now, the place is starting to smell like you.
I see. So Tretch dressed up in a monkey suit just to get me out of your room?
Tretchbolt really didn't have much of a choice. Alanna winked at Thomas.
It's alright, I think that he took it out on me on the way over here. Thomas was having trouble making eye contact with Alanna. Instead he took in the scenery. Couples were walking along the sides of the streets, darting into this shop and that. Men were buying flowers for their ladies, and elder couples were walking hand in hand along the lake shore. The setting made him extremely nervous. He had never been on a date before. He wondered if this was what it was like. Was this a date? Thomas did his best not to think about it. In fact, that was the answer, he wasn't going to think about anything. His was going to keep his mind completely blank. If he could do it in history class, he should be able to do it here.
This area is very popular with couples. Alanna said casually. 
So much for keeping his mind clear.
 As a little girl, I would play down here with my father. See? Alanna pointed over toward a dock by the shore, ...over there near the lake. We have such a large family, but he still always had time for me. He was good with all of his children really, but I always felt he was especially close to me.
I don't believe I have met any of your siblings. Thomas thought hard, but if he had, they most likely hadn't introduced themselves. 
Most of them are out in the world, but I believe you have met my brother Alan.
The name sounded familiar, but he wasn't sure. Thomas cast his eyes downward and breathed deeply. People often mentioned their parents, and the special moments that they had with them. It was moments like this that Thomas was keenly aware of what was missing in his life.
What's the matter? Alanna placed her hand on Thomas' arm.
I have no memories of my parents. They disappeared when I was a baby. I was raised by my grandfather.
Oh! Im sorry Thomas. I didn't know.
That's alright. Thomas smiled. My grandfather is really a kind and patient man. He was just like a parent to me. He understood what it was like to lose family. He lost his only brother when he was ten years old.
His brother? That's horrible!
 We've always stuck close together, but I worry about him now I am gone. I think this has probably been harder on him than it has been on me. His brother went the same way I did. At least I know that I am safe, he doesn't even have that.
Why don't you cast a spell and try to communicate with him? 
Thomas wished that it were that simple. I tried the moment I realized that I could do spells. Well, the moment I knew I could cast spells, and wasn't being chased by some unnatural creature or getting attacked by others... I just don't seem to have the power to make it work. Or maybe it won't work because it's another world. I don't know why, but whatever the reason, I haven't been able to figure out anything that works.
Alanna fell quiet. Great. Good thinking Thomas. Remind her of all that has gone wrong and bring to an end whatever little mood there was. Alanna talks about her great childhood. You charm her with your stories of people going missing, and the dwindling Kindercook family tree.
You still haven't figured out why you're here, have you? Alanna was acting strange. Even for Alanna. She was a lot nicer lately, true, but she seemed to be going out of her way this time.
Thomas managed to bring his eyes up to meet hers. He tried to find some hidden secret behind them, but every time he did so, he thought he may have a heart attack. He shook his head awkwardly. 
If we are to be married, don't you think we should have a date first?
Thomas' heart skipped a beat. A date? Why did that make his chest feel so tight? He was already supposed to be marrying her! What was the difference? He supposed he knew deep down the marriage was fake... but a date?
Alanna. I... need to talk to you.
Yes?
I saw your father today. Thomas tried to work some moisture back into his mouth before continuing. Alanna sat patiently. He asked me if it was my intention... to marry you... still.
Alanna was listening intently now. And what did you tell him?
I said that it was, but, I didn't have a chance to ask you.
Ask me? Why do you need to do that? It's been no secret that we were getting married.
Yes, but things are different now. I can't understand why you are still going through with this. I know what The Seer said, but I don't know that I believe him. It may have been your and Gatsby's idea to begin with, but it feels like your father is in the driver's seat now.
Alanna looked sadly out to the lake. I see.
No. I don't think you do. Thomas felt horrible. Had he hurt her? I need to know. I mean... Thomas took a deep breath. Alanna looked back at Thomas confused.
I think... I have fallen in love with you Alanna.
Alanna's eyes went wide and she turned to Thomas with a shocked expression on her face.
Thomas had opened Pandora's box, there was no point in stopping now. I think that I have always loved you. From the moment I looked into your eyes, I knew life would never be the same again. I know I shouldn't have said anything. Thomas was blushing furiously. That's why the situation was bothering me. I care about you deeply, but nothing has changed, I don't believe you should have to go into this if it's just an obligation. Not even out of pity or sympathy.
Alanna wrapped her arm around Thomas' neck and drew him in. It happened so fast, and gracefully that Thomas didn't have time to register that Alanna was kissing him. Her soft lips sent signals which confused his heart. Was this real? Was this really happening? 
Alanna pulled back slowly and squeezed his hand. We better get going. I have a surprise for you.
Thomas and Alanna walked back to the carriage. Tretchbolt even seemed to be smiling slightly. In the course of minutes, Thomas' entire world had been turned upside down. He couldn't decide if he was dreaming, or if this was real. The two of them sat in comfortable silence the entire way back to the palace. Alanna held Thomas' hand the entire way. Her hand felt so delicate, fragile in his. 
Tretchbolt was careful not to hit potholes on the way back. He may have tried that on Thomas, but he wouldn't dare to do that with Alanna in the carriage. Thomas sat wishing that the ride would never end, but eventually they pulled up in front of the main gate of the palace. 
The sky was just turning a dark shade of purple. Evening was upon them now. The palace was glowing with lights of all kinds. Long rows of people were lined up on the sidewalk outside. The royal guards lined the path to keep the crowd in control. A formality as the people of BlueShift were very orderly. In fact, Thomas had never seen a more orderly crowd before. The youngest and shorter seemed to be out in front with the taller people in the back. There was no pushing or shoving, and everyone seemed to be wearing a smile. As the carriage door opened a cheer erupted from the crowd. Alanna lead Thomas down the carpeted path to the front of the main steps that led in, and stopped just short of the door. 
Now Thomas, I have to ask you to do me a favour. Alanna took out a blindfold and started to put it around Thomas' eyes. 
What are you up to? 
All in good time. Alanna took Thomas by the hand and led him down corridors, turning him here and there.
Careful, there are stairs.
Thomas couldn't help but wonder exactly where it was they were going. Alanna led Thomas up a lot of steps before finally asking Thomas to stop. Thomas was trying to figure out what part of the castle would have that many stairs.
You can sit here. Alanna gently steered Thomas into his seat. 
Can I take this off now?
Just hold on a second. 
The rumbling sound of a crowd, much like the sound of a river coursing through rocks, grew louder. Wherever he was, there was quite a large crowd joining him. Finally horns cut through the idle chatter and the room grew quiet. As the crowd grew hushed, a cheerful melody began to play. Thomas recognized the song immediately. It was the music you would hear at a circus! Alanna pulled the blindfold off Thomas.
Thomas blinked. They were in a giant red striped tent. No wait! Thomas recognized some of the statues and marble work. This was the arena! It had been transformed into the big top! There were high-wire rigs, Trapeze, large dangerous looking wheels, and three large circles dividing up the floor of the arena. The seating area as well had been transformed to accommodate humans. The masses of people that had lined up outside were now seating themselves. Clowns were walking through the aisles handing out popcorn and cotton candy. Thomas saw many of the lords who were present at the king's dinner. King Alkamire and his wife were seated at a box in the centre of the arena tent, looking quite satisfied.
Thomas couldn't help but laugh. It seemed that the clowns he had summoned had started a new life here.
This is their home now. I thought that your spell would eventually wear off, but they never disappeared after your battle, and had no place to go, so father has set them up in here.
This is the perfect place for them. It's not that different from back home.
The show was getting underway now. The clown that had honked the kings nose, evidently was the ring leader. He announced the acts that were coming, and narrated the story that the clowns acted out. Though mainly comic in nature, the tale still incorporated a sad narrative of adversity, loss, and finally triumph.
Thomas was grateful for the performance, but he was lost in thought. He constantly looked at Alanna, who was laughing, crying, and totally absorbed by the tale the clowns were spinning. Thomas, was totally lost in her. 
The performance ended to thunderous applause. Every individual there was on their feet cheering and whistling. Thomas, carried away with the atmosphere of the moment, cheered at the top of his lungs. 
Thank you Alanna. This means a lot to me.
Alanna held Thomas' arm and turned his attention to a large group of clowns bringing out an enormous cake. There was enough cake there to feed an entire army, or, every person here. On the cake in letters larger than life, was, 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY THOMAS!'
How?
I read your journal. Alanna replied meekly. I'm sorry. But I'm glad that I did. No one should be alone on their birthday.
You don't have anything to apologize for. Thomas felt himself fighting to keep control of his emotions. He wasn't sure how manly it would appear if he couldn't keep from being overwhelmed by the smallest gesture. He turned to scan the crowd, nonchalantly scrubbing at his eyes. But it wasn't a small gesture.
The cast of a thousand clowns filled the arena with music, playing their instruments, singing 'Happy Birthday'. The crowd joined in after a few rounds of singing. The whole arena was in a celebratory mood. The evening stretched late into the night. The audience, having sated themselves on popcorn, cotton candy, and cake, started to disperse from the largest celebration they had ever experienced. King Alkamire and his wife bid them a good night, and then the two of them were alone, with only a few clowns cleaning up after the storm.
It was a lot for Thomas to take in. He didn't know if there would ever be another night to compare to this one. He couldn't haven't imagined a better birthday, save if his grandfather could have been there to enjoy it with him.
Why go through all this trouble Alanna?
Because I love you too, you fool.
Alanna kissed Thomas again as if to emphasize the point and for the first time since coming to this new world, Thomas felt that he was home.
CHAPTER 31
SHADOWS, SLINKS AND STORM DRAGONS
The boy and girl were sitting in some sort of tent amongst a crowd. The girl leaned forward and kissed the boy. Victor snorted, his breath distorting the image on the surface of the liquid in the glass of seeing. How often was love the undoing of others. 
Victor's eyes glazed over momentarily and he momentarily lost his train of thought. 
A dark street, rain coming down in torrents, A man of ageing years, a woman of unmistakable beauty. The man's voice was hoarse and wrought with emotion. I beseech you, tell me why? I trusted you!
Victor broke out of his uninvited trance. The boy and girl were holding hands, watching some sort of absurd performance by people in make-up and ridiculous clothing. Victor noticed the boy's almost unnatural preoccupation with the ring on his finger. He seemed to rub his hand ever few minutes to make sure that the ring was still there. Hmm. Victor wondered if the ring played any part in this wizard's power. Wizards often used objects as aids to enhance or even give them their abilities. This could be important.
The odd humans in makeup were now honking each others noses. The world had certainly taken a turn for the worse since he was in charge. Victor pushed himself away from the bowl and eased his gaze back to the Shadow. He would fix things once he was in charge again. The girl would be that boy's undoing. That was how things always ended with such arrangements.
Victor sighed. The boy was the target, not the girl. Unfortunately, he seemed to be a formidable wizard.
Shadow, summon the Slink.
Without a word, the Shadow sunk to the floor and disappeared into the rest of the Shadows. When you told the Shadow to summon anyone, his method of delivering them left them, well, not just a little bit uneasy. That was exactly how he liked his victims to be. A little bit off centre. Never really knowing what was going on. It was easier to manipulate people who were still trying to clear their head.
Minutes later, the Shadow reappeared with a disoriented Slink named Gill. Slinks, just like the Shadow, were at one point human. One of Victor's many creations involving experimentation on his loyal minions. The difference between the Shadow and the Slink was, those who became Slinks, chose their fate. Slinks still retained most of their human looks and personality. They could converse normally, and seemed quite charming if need be. They were, due to some side effects, often quite lean, almost to the point of being boney, and quite tall. As a benefit of his powers, they gained the ability to move rapidly. Very rapidly if they chose. Watching a Slink move at high speed would make you disoriented and slightly ill. They also were able to blend in with their environment and had the nimblest of fingers of any of his creations. Many was the time that he had used the Slink to pilfer a document from a lord here or a communique from a captain there. All done before anyone had a chance to figure out what had happened.
You. You're Gill, are you not? Victor examined the back of his hand rather than look directly at the Slink.
The Slink warped the air around it as it dashed closer to the throne and Victor.
That will be quite close enough thank-you. Please. Stay still if you will.
Gill bobbed his head in Victor's direction. My only wish is to please my master. What is it that you need my lord? Gill looked around the room as if the answer lay in some dark corner.
I have use of your services. I need you to fetch something for me. Victor grabbed the bowl of seeing from the stand beside his throne, and carefully took it over to where Gill was standing. Do you see this boy?
Yes? the Slink answered nervously. It had done many missions for Victor and not all of the things that it retrieved were pleasant. 
More importantly, do you see the ring on his finger?
The Slink bent forward and concentrated on the image of Thomas in the rippled water of the bowl of seeing. Y.. Yes my lord.
I need you to fetch this ring for me, and bring it back here. Do you think you could manage that?
Gill had never had any problems before with such things. He actually prided himself one being one of the best procurers of items. Yes, that shouldn't be any problem at all.
Good, then you will find him in BlueShift. He will more than likely be near this girl, Victor indicated the girl holding Thomas' hand, I believe her to be some form of royalty, so be cautious.
Don't worry my lord. I will be discreet as usual. Gill flashed a large toothy grin that would have made any normal person start checking their pockets.
As Gill turned to leave, Victor walked over to a window in the tower that overlooked the courtyard. It was that time, when the night was at its darkest. Not a star dotted the sky, and clouds blotted out the moon entirely. Despite this, the courtyard was lit up as if it were a midsummer's day. Along the top of the walls that surrounded the courtyard, were lit cauldrons of fire, that burned heartily on pitch-wood and scraps that had been gathered. Smoke rose out of the cauldron in angry billowing clouds. The stench of pitch and wood thick over the courtyard. This did not seem to bother the beings in the courtyard, who were busy, battling one another. Dragon on dragon, some in human form, others as beasts, hurling electrical bolts at each other, smashing one another into the ground and walls. Their training had progressed quite nicely under Victor's scrutiny. 
Shadow, I am going to give you one more chance. A last chance. Victor turned from the window and walked toward it. We need to neutralize this wizard boy. Victor continued to walk around the Shadow. Unfortunately, your presence announces itself long before you arrive. Gill will be able to get close and get that ring for me, but in case that's not enough, I need a contingency plan. Clearly, this boy is interested in this young lady dragon. It's going to be up to you to capture her. This time however... Victor held his hand up toward the courtyard window, gently swirling his hand around in the air. The Shadow watched with a bad feeling growing inside. As Victor's arm swirled through the air, distant rumbles of thunder shook the old castle walls, then sudden lightening streaked into the courtyard, briefly fetching cries of shock and terror, which died down as quickly as they had erupted. Lightning struck now. Again. More and more often. Beyond the window overlooking the courtyard, creatures were scrambling for cover, but Victor merely continued to swirl his arm. The clouds drew in close to the window, the wind whipped through carrying papers and debris throughout the room. Finally as the earth began to shake, and it seemed the castle would not be able to take anymore of the elemental assault, dark black clouds twisted through the window and wound themselves around Victor's swirling arm. Victor turned his gaze to the Shadow and held out his arm in its direction. A funnel of black smoke tore through Victor and bolted out from his outstretched arm toward the Shadow. It lifted the Shadow into the air and spun it around like a top. Being formed of darkness, being surrounded by black swirling clouds, made it appear that the Shadow had been devoured by the unnatural cloud. Flashes of light shot out from inside of the cloud. The ground continued to shake. Bits of bricks vibrated out of the ancient wall until in a great climactic earth shattering boom, the cloud disappeared and a creature dropped to the floor.
All was quiet. The Storm Dragons that had been sparring outside, had long fled to their barracks. Even the wind seemed scared now to make a noise. Victor weaved a weary line back to the throne and sat down waiting patiently for his creation to rise.
Slowly the Shadow brought itself to its feet. Only it wasn't really its own feet. The feet were the feet of an elderly man. Victor sat, exhausted, on his throne examining his creation. The creature before him looked old and decrepit, well into his eighties. He was gnarled and had a slight hunch. His old skin hung gauntly on his frail bones. His hair hung in long wavy locks that fell beneath his ribcage and his beard had a life of its own, snaking out in every direction. The hollow looking man wasn't one that you would fear seeing. He looked the sort of soul one might take pity on at a marketplace, and give a couple of coppers to. Only his clothing looked more pitiful than he. Not so dirty that it might drive people away. He looked like someone who had been living in adversity for some time. 
All in all perfect, thought Victor.
How do you look like your new form Shadow? Victor said with a wry twist of the mouth.
Sire? The Shadow looked thoroughly confused.
Relax, you are still yourself. This will mask who you are completely. I need you to head out to find these two. Wait for an opportunity to arise where the girl is alone. You have to lure her in close. As soon as she is within your grasp, you will return to your normal self, and you will then take her. Bring her back to me here. She will not have time to react. 
The Shadow was wobbling around on his new frail legs. He didn't seem all that pleased with his new condition.
This is your last chance Shadow. Victor motioned with his hand, dismissing the elderly gentleman.
The Shadow rambled out of the room disjointedly. Meanwhile, Victor sat deep in thought. He was almost ready for his strike. He was so lost in thought over his coming war, that he didn't notice the man standing in the doorway, waiting patiently.
Victor squinted hard. Who's that? Who's there?
A young man stepped out of the Shadow of the doorway and into the middle of the room. Lord Victor. I bring greetings from my family, the Ganton Dragons.
Who are you?
My name is Gatsby.
CHAPTER 32
AND THE PINK PYJAMAS
You have to be kidding. Thomas was standing precariously on the side of the cart, stacking the last load of provisions that the palace servants had brought out at Alanna's request and she was still coming out with another cart load of clothing. You don't remember how arduous the first time was?
Don't worry Thomas, I am only bringing the essentials this time. Alanna was busy flitting around from parcel to parcel, taking note of what was there, frowning when she perceived something was missing.
How is this only the essentials? We had half as much the first time!
I don't want to be unprepared this time.
That's right, you only had a day of cart duty last time.
Thomas sighed and reached into his pocket to retrieve a package of 'Franciscas truly the best in the entire world, mints.' and popped one into his mouth. He had found the mints in a small sweets shop on the edge of the city. The shop had boasted the best collection of sugary confection to be found in all of Alumia. However, they were far from the 'best' mints he had ever had. Thomas exhaled a sad minty breath and continued to pack things onto the waggon with care. Tell me again why we don't just fly to Westminster?
Do you do a lot of flying? Alanna asked wryly.
Only on planes.
Alanna frowned, and then relaxed. So how would you propose that you will fly to Westminster then?
Well, I sort of thought I would... ride you.
Oh? Alanna twirled around. Notice anything?
New dress?
No handles. So unless you don't mind being carried in my claws, I think we are stuck walking, wouldn't you say? Alanna was acting impassive, but Thomas could detect a slight undertone of contempt in her voice.
I just thought you might have some sort of, you know, harness or saddle.
Alanna's eyes bugged out and her mouth dropped open.
What do you think I am?! Some sort of pack animal?
I just meant...
I know what you meant. You seriously believe that dragons are meant to be beasts of burden? We are a race of highly intelligent sophisticated beings! Your comment reduces us to nothing more than subservient creatures of menial labour.
Thomas knew he had somehow managed to mess up an otherwise pleasant morning by suggesting something that, at least to him, was quite rational. 
Alanna, I was thinking of the time we would save. Your father wants this done quickly, why is this such an issue?
It just troubles me that you would think that the use of dragons for transportation by humans would be so common that there would be a market for.... Alanna twisted her mouth in distaste, harnesses. Alanna was working herself into a frenzy. She played at checking boxes and ropes, but she was really using this as an excuse to parade around and wave her arms in the air. And it's not just any old dragon you want to harness. It's the princess! Hey everybody, come get a good gander at the foreign human riding his fiancee, the best of the beasts of burden, princess! Alanna was practically snorting now with each word. 
I guess that's a no then. 
A dangerous look was burning in Alanna's eyes, she stepped closer to Thomas.
Mint?
What?! You think a mint is going to make things better?!
Well... Thomas took his best shot at a charming smile, They are 'Franciscas truly the best in the entire world, mints.'
Alanna screamed in frustration and started after Thomas. Thomas backed away and tripped stumbling to the ground, getting the truly best mint lodged in his throat momentarily. Luckily for him, Alanna walked into a wall. Or rather a man shaped like a wall. 
G'morning princess. Tretchbolt had managed to sneak up on them in the midst of their little argument. No easy task for a wall to do.
Tretch! Thomas said relieved. At least Thomas had something to use as a shield with Alanna flying off the handle.
Thomas. Tretchbolt acknowledged. What's going on here?
That dimwit thinks he can saddle me up and ride me to Westminster! Alanna didn't stop glaring at Thomas, even to talk to Tretchbolt.
Ah. Well... it wouldn't be unprecedented.
Alanna turned to Tretchbolt with a look of utter disbelief on her face. What do you mean?
Well, during the wars of Theonian Empire, that's exactly what happened. Humans worked war machines from atop the backs of dragons. You might argue that a dragon is a good enough weapon in itself. The truth though? In battle, fire is great, for the first couple of tries, after that you are so exhausted a forest galoppy could best you. Working with the humans provided more balance. The war machines had a great supply of ammunition, the dragons provided mobility that the humans couldn't attain by themselves, together the two became far more deadly together than apart. Something that was desperately needed to hold off the invasions of the Theonians. 
Alanna was agape. She looked as if Tretchbolt were speaking another language entirely. Thomas was used to this. He didn't know anything about the history of Alumia, so he just naturally accepted everything everyone said. He was an Alumian sponge.
What are you talking about Tretchbolt? I have never heard of any Theonian Empire. I would think this would be something I would know about.
I wouldn't expect you to know about it princess. This is something that happened long before you, your father, even his father was born. Also, it happened far to the north, where there was no immediate threat to any of the southern dragons.
Alanna looked at Tretchbolt as if she had just seen him for the first time. Just how old are you exactly?
Tretchbolt just grinned. He wasn't going to say anything more on the subject.
Thomas stood up and dusted himself off. He had forgotten that Tretchbolt was coming along. Shouldn't you be off torturing some of your recruits?
Hmm? Flingsnot is taking over my training duties for now. I am going to accompany you to Westminster.
What? Alanna cried.
Flingsnot!? Thomas exclaimed.
Tretchbolt was having difficulty focusing on the two of them at once and decided to answer Alanna first.
I am assigned to protect you princess. I can't do that too well if you aren't here, so I am going with you.
We can take care of ourselves Tretchbolt.
Like Thomas did the other night with Gatsby?
Thomas flushed. He would have to bring that up wouldn't he? He realized his bad memory was probably going to get him into big trouble when they weren't in quite such a public location. He was supposed to have told Alanna. It was probably for the best however, or she would have packed another cart. Thomas stared at Tretchbolt who, somewhat, blotted out the sun. 
That brings me to the other order of business. The king also wishes for you to be trained as a warrior as well Thomas.
It was Thomas' turn for his mouth to hang open. Warrior? What? No... I don't think you heard him right. I'm a wizard, I mean, look at me. I'm scrawny, I can barely hold up a sword. I got an A in math for crying out loud!
Well Mr Wizard, the king wants to make sure you are able to protect his daughter, no matter the circumstance. To that end, I am to put you through Turkin's own training.
A slow smile crept across Alanna's face. Well, that sounds reasonable to me.
Thomas was pretty sure that anything unpleasant for him would be reasonable.
What the heck, is that? Tretchbolt did a double take. He walked up to the precariously stacked cart and placed a hand on the side. Giving a light shove back and forth, the mountain stacked on the cart teetered threateningly. 
We aren't bringing this.
Alanna's self satisfied smile dissolved into a deep frown. What are you talking about?
That. We're not taking that. Tretchbolt replied offhandedly. 
You work for me, and we ARE taking the cart.
Look Alanna, normally I don't like to explain myself, but since you are the the princess, I'll make an exception this time. We are going to be travelling, trying our very best to move undetected. We wish to move swiftly. Both of these objectives are defeated if we bring this house on wheels. Tretchbolt's resolve was absolute on this issue. Thomas quickly wiped the smile off his face when he caught Alanna's expression.
Understand?
Alanna said nothing, but begrudgingly nodded.
Good. Tretchbolt tossed an empty pack to Alanna.
Whatever you are bringing, will have to fit in that pack.
You're serious! Alanna was obviously not used to being told what to do. Too many years with servants, and no one to keep her in check.
I've already packed mine. Thomas said with a feeling of great satisfaction.
Alanna stuck her tongue out at Thomas.
Alright! Well as clearly you still have some sorting to do, Tretchbolt looked at Alanna, then the cart. I will meet you at the south gate at midday. Tretchbolt didn't wait for any reply, but walked purposefully down the path that led out of the palace grounds.
Alanna looked at the pack that Tretchbolt had tossed her, then at the cart, and sighed. 
Don't look at me. Thomas had already had his fill of the cart all morning. He decided to walk over to a nearby stone bench and bask in the early morning sun. There was something satisfying about watching Alanna fret over her own belongings.
It ended up taking most of the morning, and a good amount of complaining before Alanna was finally down to one overstuffed pack. 
You're about as useful as a potato. Alanna snapped.
You'd be surprised just how useful potatoes can be. They can generate electricity, they taste great when fried, you can use them in art projects...
The look on Alanna's face caused Thomas to loose his train of thought. 
Thomas smiled nervously. Ready to go then?
Alanna struggled with her pack causing Thomas no small amount of amusement.
Alright then. Let's get going. I can't believe that you almost used the entire morning packing a single pack.
Alright, so maybe I am not the epitome of adventuring, but I am trying to make sure we are ready for whatever we face this time around. 
If you really had to search through that cart for an answer to some problem that arose, we'd all be dead by the time you found it. All you need are your clothes, a few sets, your make-up... perfumes, or whatever it is that girls bring with them, ONE set, and a few basic pieces of survival equipment.
Alanna nudged Thomas with her hip as the walked toward the south gate, causing him to lose a few steps. And you didn't enjoy any of the food that I brought along last time?
I admit, some of the spices were nice to have, but you really don't need a lot. A good river for water and fish and we should be fine.
The southern area of BlueShift had a sense of age that the rest of the city lacked. The streets were cobbled with stones that were badly worn. Several of the stones were missing from the walkway, causing Thomas to miss his step and stumble every so often. The buildings also had a look of age that wasn't as evident in the central part of the city. The walls bowed, and the doors and doorways were only roughly squared off. The extreme age of this part of the city gave the area a sense of character and individuality that was unique to this part, but at the same time it made it seem slightly more ominous. The midday sun did little to penetrate the Shadows of the back alleys. Thomas found himself unconsciously walking closer to Alanna.
Any closer and people might start thinking we're a couple. Alanna remarked.
Huh? Oh sorry. There's just something about this area of the city that seems... I don't know. Not right?
Alanna nodded. This is the old city. Thousands of years ago, there was a great fire that gutted most of BlueShift. The palace and most of the Northern city were rebuilt. The only part of the city that survived was this area, the south area. These days, the poorest of the citizens live here. If trouble arises, it's usually linked to something in this part of town.
That didn't make Thomas feel any better.
Thomas absentmindedly rubbed the Dragon Eye Tattoo on his arm.
Thomas' itching caught Alanna's attention and she grimaced. She had been avoiding talking to Thomas about the tattoo, but there was no avoiding it. He would have to know sooner or later.
I never had a chance to talk to you about that. Do you understand the significance of the Dragon Eye Tattoo?
Your father told me it was part of the marriage ceremony. I don't know, he seemed a little dire about the whole thing. Thomas still felt a little awkward talking about marriage with Alanna.
Alanna sighed and was just about to say something when Thomas stepped right into the tallest looking beggar Alanna had ever seen. The scrawny older man went stumbling forward into the cobbled street and cried out in pain.
Thomas felt terrible. I'm so sorry. I didn't see you there! I was a little distracted. Are you alright?
Alright, sir. Do I look alright to you? 
The old man twisted awkwardly around and fumbled his way back on to his feet. Now that the beggar brought himself up to his full height, he seemed quite imposing despite his age. Had he been from earth, Thomas would have guessed he was a retired basketball player. His Face was fairly nondescript, but his eyes caught Thomas' attention. They bulged almost unnaturally. 
I've just been barrelled over by a blundering... I say, you're the princess, aren't you? The beggar quickly wiped his hand off on his grubby clothing and proffered his hand. Alanna frowned at Thomas in dismay, but she still took his hand, apprehensively.
I'm quite sorry about that little outburst. My mistake. Clumsy me backing into you like that. Name's Gill. You are?
Gill was looking at Thomas expecting an answer. Thomas. said Thomas.
The old man smiled showing an impressive set of white teeth. Well then, that's just great then. Met me a princess and... ah... a Thomas. Well, don't mean to be rude, but I must be on my way. Gutters to peruse, alms to collect. You understand. The beggar offered his hand to Thomas. Tentatively Thomas took Gill's hand and shook. 
Flavelhaben. Gill proclaimed as he nodded his head and walked off down an alley.
Flavelhaben? Thomas said perplexed.
Alanna sighed. Eidyvanthase istvego shevantha. 
Now Alanna seemed to be spouting the same sort of garbage the beggar had. Do you understand what he said?
Alanna blinked and looked at Thomas funny. Romlivandy gotugo ugaistsha?
Alright. That's enough Alanna. Don't play around.
Something about the way Alanna was looking at him made him feel uncomfortable. She didn't look like she was kidding. In fact, she looked a little worried.
Vanvinpe ugaistsha istzivanuga Dyliistshevanei?
Thomas felt sick. What was going on? He tried think quickly. What had happened? Alanna had suddenly started to talk in strange tongues right after they bumped into the beggar... Gill. Wait. no... it was Gill that had said the something strange first, right after they shook hands. 
Thomas whipped his hand up and stared in horror. The ring was gone. He closed his eyes and groaned. It's my ring. It's gone! Alanna looked more concerned than ever. 
Ugaistsha vanvinpe eidyvanvindytuthase dyist eitavanvinpe shepe Dyliistshevanei. Alanna was becoming increasingly agitated.
MY ... RING. That had to be the answer. The ring was what Thomas attributed all his powers to. His ability to cast spells, and apparently, his ability to speak in this world, had neatly been snatched away. Thomas desperately looked around the marketplace, trying in vane to see the creature that had stolen his ring. He turned to Alanna and did his best impersonation of Gill, bulging his eyes out and pointing to them. Alanna caught on immediately. Thomas and Alanna began to run down the alley they had seen Gill disappear into only moments before. When they came to a fork in the road, Alanna pointed to the right and indicated that Thomas should go the other way. Thomas needed no goading. He ran down the alley as fast as his legs would take him with the large pack on his back. The lane he was sprinting down had an almost organic flow to it. It twisted into a narrow path that led in a half moon between to very old buildings. The light of the midday sun wasn't strong enough to penetrate the tight corridors of the old paths of this city. The features of the alley were dully illuminated by the tertiary bounces of light from above. The walls were dirty and derelict. Thomas was starting to feel a little self conscious. He realized now, he had been in such a panic trying to find the man with his ring, that he didn't really know his way back. He couldn't talk to anyone, and he was in a very seedy area of town. Worst of all, he had been stripped of his magic, the only defence he had in this world.
Alanna! No response. Even if she did hear him, there was no telling if she would understand that he was calling her. Alanna!
Thomas started to feel claustrophobic. The ancient walls felt like they were closing in on him, trying to strangle him in their silent ancient stonework. He spun around tripping backwards over a cat that screeched as he stepped on its tail.
Tap, tap, tap. Something prodded his shoulder. He swung around so violently that he almost knocked over Alanna who had come up behind him. He was filled with relief seeing her. She smiled at him. Alanna held her hands, palm up and shook her head. He wasn't surprised that she hadn't found Gill. He would have expected them to chase after him. Now Thomas wasn't sure if he would ever find his ring again. The only thing left for him to do, was to search out Edric now and hope he had a solution.
Alanna took Thomas by the hand and led him silently through the streets until they eventually came upon the south gate. Tretchbolt was standing there with an irritated look on his face. He looked like he was arguing with one of the guards on duty there, but Thomas still couldn't understand anything that was being said.
Alvantazieitugopeei vanthago pethadyvinvantuveei alshady ugaistsha dyististzi ugaistshavin eirompepedy dytushepe!
Dyvinpedytaalistvedy rompe livanestpe van vetudydyvepe ryvinistalvepeshe. Alanna called out to Tretchbolt.
Seististgo sevinvanestuga, tu tuliistshaselidy ugaistsha dyromist romistshavego. Rompe livanestpe dyist sepedy seisttuthase!
Etistshepedylituthase tuet romvinistthase romtudyli dyliistshevanet. Tu tavanthady shathagopevinetdyvanthago romlivandy lipeet etvanugatuthase. Tu dylituthazi dylivandy lipe tavanthady shathagopevinetdyvanthago shaet petudylipevin. Alanna was trying her best to make it look like she wasn't talking about Thomas, but she kept glancing at him surreptitiously out of the corner of her eye.
Tretchbolt turned to look at Thomas. Ugaistsha tavanthady shathagopevinetdyvanthago shepe?
I can't understand you. Thomas replied in vane.
Tretchbolt looked back at Alanna. Lipe tavanthady shathagopevinetdyvanthago shepe.
Tu Dylituthazi dylivandy tu gishaetdy etvantugo dylivandy. Alanna had an exasperated look on her face.
The two of them talked for a little, while Thomas just glanced around in hopes of sighting the man who had stolen his ring. No such luck, he was long gone. Thomas was lost in thought, ignoring what Tretchbolt and Alanna were saying until something hard poked him in the shoulder. Tretchbolt was standing there regarding Thomas seriously.
MM MM. Tretchbolt pointed out of the gate and continued to grunt like an ape. MMM MMM! 
Alright. Lead the way monkey man.
Tretchbolt may not have known what Thomas said, but it didn't stop him from casting an accusing glare at Thomas as he passed him through the gate. Thomas kept hoping that nothing came up along the way that would require him to speak.
***** 
A Slink. Tretchbolt was chewing on the end of a piece of sweetgrass as his eyes scanned the surroundings for threats. 
Pardon? Alanna had never heard of a Slink before.
You said he disappeared almost instantly after stealing the ring from Thomas.
Yes, but he could have just had some place to hide.
True, but the description you gave, his mannerisms, I would bet my blade that you ran into a Slink.
Alanna sighed. All we can do now is hope that Edric can help Thomas.
And if not? Tretchbolt gave Alanna a level look.
Then it may be years before we're able to have a meaningful conversation.
Well, no point in waiting. 
Tretchbolt slowed down and fell in beside Thomas, who had been straggling along behind them the entire way.
Thomas. I am going to teach you the most important word in our language. Tretchbolt reached around to his scabbard and drew his sword out.
Thomas' eyes grew large and he started to edge away from Tretchbolt.
Tretchbolt rolled his eyes. Sword. he held out the sword to Thomas and Thomas reached out to grab it.
No!! Tretchbolt thwacked Thomas' forehead with the flat side of the sword leaving a red impression and clearly startling Thomas. I said Sword!
Thomas rubbed his forehead in irritation as he regarded Tretchbolt suspiciously.
Good gravy I said sword. SWORD. Tretchbolt held the sword up to Thomas again. Thomas reached for it again. Tretchbolt thwacked Thomas in the forehead again. 
I didn't say take the sword, I said SWORD. Are you daft? Tretchbolt began to bang on Thomas' head like a drum with the flat of the sword. Sword, sword, sword, SWORD! Thomas tried ducking away after the third or forth hit and hid behind Alanna rubbing his head.
Tretchbolt turned to Alanna and stated dryly, You two are doomed to spend the rest of your days in silence.
The sullen party walked for the rest of the afternoon along the road that led to Westminster in awkward quietness. Alanna didn't even bother talking to Tretchbolt who seemed to be sulking after failing to teach Thomas his favourite word. The silence gave Alanna time to think to herself. About her relationship with Thomas. She had fallen in love with a human completely by accident. Falling in love with such a short lived race was bad enough, but he was from another world as well. His home was elsewhere. Two very big problems. As if that wasn't bad enough, he had now lost his ability to communicate. Thomas had to learn to speak again, otherwise it was just a matter of time before things ended in tragedy at the business end of one of Tretchbolt's language lessons.
The day wore into evening and the despair in Alanna's heart, grew like an evil seed having found purchase in fertile soil. Tretchbolt stopped them as the sky faded from crimson to a deep lavender. The noises of the wild were starting to buzz to life in their universal symphony of sounds. They had come upon a clearing in the middle of the forest. There were fallen trees, which made for a good area to make a fire and there was an area that levelled off nicely, where they could setup some tents. There was even a small stream tucked in behind a rise just at the edge of the clearing to wash up in. 
As good a place as any I suppose. Tretchbolt dropped his pack carelessly to the ground and stretched his back. Bumble-mouth seems to have gotten the idea as well. Thomas had already started to clear away the area in front of the logs and setup for a campfire. Tretchbolt started to build the tents while Alanna sorted out the provisions in preparation for supper. Thomas had managed to get a fire going fairly quickly, and sat down on a log and began to write in his journal. Alanna felt badly for him. He looked so lonely sitting there on the log. 
And so went the evening into the night. As Tretchbolt finished setting up the tents, and Thomas finished stoking the fire, Alanna silently went about preparing a meal. Every so often she would glance over at Thomas who was sitting silently writing in his book. 
Looks like it's just us for conversation princess. Tretchbolt was finishing up the last of his fish and picking his teeth with one of the larger bones. 
Mmmm. Alanna really didn't feel much like talking at the moment. There were so many things that she needed to tell Thomas. She had let time slip by. She hadn't realized that she would loose the opportunity to tell him some very important information in the very near future.
Stumble-mouth can't cast spells, and he can't talk. He can't fight. He's not doing so well is he?
Mmmm.
Tretchbolt regarded Alanna drolly. Conversation isn't much better on this end either.
Hm? I'm sorry Tretchbolt. I am just a little lost in thought.
Don't worry about it. Tretchbolt glanced over at Thomas who was still writing by the light of the campfire and every so often swatting at bugs.
At least you won't have to worry about him talking back. 'Course, when he says he didn't hear you say something, he won't be lying. Not that you'll understand anyway.
Alanna crossed her arms and sat rocking slightly back and forth on the old log across from Thomas. What if Edric can't do anything for him?
Tretchbolt shrugged. It's not that big 'o deal really. Then he just has to learn our language.
And the magic? Alanna added.
Tretchbolt sat for a second analyzing Thomas before standing up.
Where are you going?
Tretchbolt stretched. No magic means he has to learn to protect himself.
You can't seriously think that you are going to be able to teach him.
Why not? Tretchbolt took on an indignant tone.
You've forgotten your Dragonese lesson already?
Language is always a bother, but fighting, that's universal.
Alanna groaned as Tretchbolt headed over to Thomas. She had a feeling that this wouldn't end well.
****** 
Tretchbolt had to admit, he kind of liked Thomas. The kid was like a hoover bug. No matter how hard you stepped on the damn thing, it still managed to pop back up fighting. Nothing seemed to phase the kid.
Thomas was still writing in that silly book that he liked to carry around. Tretchbolt walked right up to Thomas, stopping just in front of him. Thomas looked up at Tretchbolt with wide eyes. This is where things were going to be a little tricky. How to give Thomas the idea that he wanted to train him. 
Making a grandiose motion, Tretchbolt flexed his impressive muscles, pinwheeled his sword arm, grabbing the hilt and in one swift motion drew it out of the scabbard. Thomas screamed, falling backwards off the log and throwing his diary precariously close to the fire. Hmm, seems screams of fear were universal also. Tretchbolt sighed.
Thomas was still scrambling backwards. Tretchbolt reached down and grabbed Thomas' scrawny shoulder and hefted him onto his feet. He decided to take another stab at his language lesson.
Sword. Tretchbolt said as he held the sword out in front of Thomas' face.
Thomas began to rub his head absentmindedly. 
Good gravy you can be dense kid. SSSSSwwwwooooorrrrdddddddd.
A light finally went on in Thomas' eyes. He tried to mimic what Tretchbolt was saying. 
SSSssssWWWwoooooRRRrrdddd.Thomas replied awkwardly.
Very good. You've just taken your first step into a larger world kid.
Swword.
Yes. Sword. Tretchbolt affirmed.
Sword. Sword sword sword. Thomas started dancing around. SwordswordSWORDsword.
That's enough. Tretchbolt interrupted.
Swordswordsword....
THWACK!
Tretchbolt smacked Thomas with the flat of the blade.
Enough.
eee...nough. Thomas rubbed his forehead.
Yes, enough.
enough.
Tretchbolt's eyes grew dangerously wide and Thomas shrunk silently away from Tretchbolt's gaze. Taking a calming breath, Tretchbolt offered the sword to Thomas. Thomas looked warily at the sword. The boy seemed to be developing a phobia of the thing lately. Not a good sign for a prospective warrior.
Take sword.
Thomas looked worried. He seemed to know that there was importance in that first word in front of sword, but the difference between right and wrong could be the difference between getting hit again or not.
Take sword.
Thomas hesitantly reached out his hand to take the sword but paused just inches away from taking it. He looked at Tretchbolt to see if he could gauge what was going to happen if he were actually to touch it.
Tretchbolt waited impatiently.
Thomas touched the hilt with his fingers, stopped and looked at Tretchbolt again.
For good gravy's sake. Thwack! Tretchbolt hit Thomas on the forehead again and pushed the hilt into his hand.
Thomas held the sword awkwardly pondering what he was meant to do with it. Finally he stood up and started to walk away. Tretchbolt took a quick few steps and grabbed Thomas by the shoulder. Whoa, hold up there kid.
Thomas swung around and proffered the sword to Tretchbolt.
You can't really be this dense. If you shove that back at me, I'm going to break off what's holding it up.
Tretchbolt motioned for Thomas to wait where he was. Tretchbolt retreated to his tent and came back with a second sword. 
Alright, I know you can understand me 'bout as well as you can that doggered bug over there, however, your first lesson will be to dodge. Important thing dodging. Can't get hurt if you aren't there to receive the blow!
Okay. So now what? Tretchbolt took a few practice swings at Thomas, just stopping before actually hitting him. Each time Thomas would pull back to avoid the blow. Tretchbolt would encourage him by saying, Dodge! That's right. Dodge! 
Thomas seemed to get the idea that this was a lesson, but the more that Tretchbolt talked, the more that Thomas looked over to where Alanna sat, and wished for all his worth that he could be sitting next to her at the fire.
Tretchbolt decided it was time for the real thing. Tretchbolt took a full force swing at Thomas being careful to use the flat of the sword. DODGE!
Thomas, who was looking at Alanna, turned around with a start just in time to receive a mouthful of metal. SMACK!
Thomas collapsed into a ball on the ground clutching his now bleeding mouth. 
Um. Guess that's good for today. Tretchbolt half bowed to Thomas and made his way back to the camp. Maybe there were some leftovers he could bury himself in. 
Seems you haven't lost your touch. Alanna poked wryly at Tretchbolt. 
At least he won't forget the word dodge anytime soon.Tretchbolt grunted and dug into the leftovers.
***** 
Thomas clutched his mouth trying to feel with his tongue if he still had all his teeth. What was wrong with that guy? It seemed that Tretchbolt taught through attrition. You lived, you passed. 
Spitting out the blood from his mouth, Thomas was at least pleased that he still had managed to survive with all his teeth intact. There was a monster welt however on his head from all the times that Tretchbolt had used it for a fleshy drum. Alanna had just sat watching the entire time. It wasn't her fault he supposed, but he had never felt so alone before. 
Thomas went back over to the log where he had been writing in his journal, and picked it up to finish off the entry that he had been writing. It had been a shock to see all the previous pages written in a foreign language. He hadn't realized that he had been writing in Dragonese as well as speaking it. Now he wouldn't be able to read anything that he had written previously. On the other hand, that was a two way street. Anything he was writing now, no one could accidentally read either. That led to Thomas thinking of the clowns. How was it they could speak Dragonese? Was it because the ring brought them into this world? Or were they, like Thomas, now finding out they couldn't speak to anyone.
The journal lay on the ground near the fire where it had fallen when Tretchbolt had come at him with the sword. Thomas gingerly picked it up, careful not to scuff it anymore than it already had been, and dusted off the cover. He let out a long deliberate breath and pondered an ending to his entry. One of the worst days that he had spent in this world. He almost had to laugh. He'd been whisked away by floods, fought dragons and shadows, dealt with a high strung princess and ... he wasn't sure what to call Gatsby... but the worst moment seemed to be when he lost his ability to talk in this world. It was amazing how empty that had left him feeling. Empty, and helpless. 
He opened the book up to the first page that he had written on. Alien characters stared back at him. Strange how it could look so much like his handwriting without actually being in a language he understood. He guessed he would have to start the journal over again. Could he really remember everything that had happened? Some of it seemed so long ago. It had all started with that ring and the pyjamas.
Thomas felt his stomach drop and his heart skipped a beat. The pyjamas! Thomas felt a surge of hope. He ran to his tent past a startled Alanna and tore through the flap that served as a door, so fast that it threatened to come with him. He delved into the pack and yanked the object of his desire out into the light. The pink pyjamas. This had to work. Thomas donned the girl's pyjamas for the second time. He felt foolish, but if it worked, it would be worth it. Now all that was left was to test his theory.
Thomas strode out of the tent and plopped himself down beside a bewildered Alanna. 
Thomas was just about to say something when Tretchbolt interceded.
Kay 'lanna. It's official. The boy has flown off the deep end. It's sad really. I've seen the same thing happen to seasoned veterans. One day standing tall, marching strong. The next, sipping Bellyak Juice from a Vindernoot straw. 
Well maybe if you didn't hit him in the head so often. Alanna stared at Tretchbolt accusingly.
Hey, I can't help it if the boy's a slow learner.
You went after him with a sword, what is he supposed to think?
Okay, so maybe I wasn't as patient as I could 'ave been. But I didn't drive him to dress up like a 'lil girl. That's the thing about wizards. They're all a little strange to begin with. No shock that this is the result when they crack.
Thomas did his best to hide his satisfaction with disinterest. They wanted to talk behind his back while he was right there. That was fine with him. He had been curious all day about what was going on between the two. This was his best opportunity to find out.
Things fell silent for a time. Tretchbolt had finished eating again and was poking around the fire with a stick. Every so often he would look over at Thomas. When Thomas noticed Tretchbolt, he would quickly turn his attention back to the fire as if he had never looked. 
Have you told him? Tretchbolt talked without ever looking up from the fire.
Told him what?
Tretchbolt took a long, deliberate look at Thomas' arm. Then he turned his attention back to his stick and the embers in the fire. Alanna turned her attention to her nails. For agonizing minutes, the only sound that passed between the two, was the crackle of the fire as Tretchbolt stirred it. Then finally Alanna spoke. No. Not yet.
Good gravy. He has to know. I don't usually like to poke my nose into others affairs, but it's just not right.
Alanna fidgeted on the log while rubbing her fingers fiercely before finally giving up the charade and looked directly at Tretchbolt. I know. Trust me I know.
An ominous feeling hung in the air, and Thomas was still no closer to understanding what was going on than he had been when he couldn't understand what they said.
So you had no part in it? Tretchbolt's stare was hard enough to crack stone. Alanna fidgeted even more under Tretchbolt's hard gaze. 
Of course not. I didn't know anything about it until he came back from talking to father.
Tretchbolt whistled. Hard to believe the king would do that to the boy without telling him exactly what it was he was doing. Are you sure he doesn't know?
Thomas might be a lot of things, but stupid isn't one of them.
King? The tattoo! Thomas did his best to mask his worry, but he was having more difficulty now containing himself. There was something wrong with the tattoos? So far he hadn't really even given them much thought. Most of the time it was covered by his sleeve. The only time he thought about it was when he was washing and it was in plain sight. What could be the harm in it? Thomas waited in vain for the answer, but it never came. They seemed to know what they were talking about, and weren't about to say anymore on the topic. Great.
The night wore on. Tretchbolt started burning through some of his 'essential alcohol', then ended singing a few military songs that, even if you knew Dragonese, made little sense. Finally Tretchbolt wove his way back to his tent, through the flap, and was not heard from again that night save for a crash shortly after he disappeared inside. 
Well, I suppose we should get to sleep as well. Alanna said more to herself than to Thomas.
Yeah, today has been rough. Thomas blurted before even thinking.
Alanna's eyes shot open. You can TALK?! 
A look of realization and horror fell across her face like the curtain rising on the first act of an epic play.
HOW LONG ....
Not long! Really!
Alanna stared at Thomas accusingly. Her face ran a full gauntlet of emotions. Anger, fear, betrayal, and finally realization.
The pyjamas!
Thomas nodded. I swear I was going to say something, but then Tretchbolt started talking.
Alanna looked dejectedly downward, shut her eyes, and flushed.
The tattoo? Thomas gently enquired.
I'm sorry Thomas. Alanna stared at her feet, not willing to look Thomas in the eye.
Sorry about what? What is wrong with this tattoo?
Alanna stood there for what seemed like forever. Finally she spoke, but what she had to say, turned Thomas heart to lead.
I think if you want to hear the truth about the tattoo, you had better sit down for it.
Thomas sat back down beside the fire and waited for Alanna to compose herself.
The Dragon Tattoo comes from a time before any of the Dragon clans were organized. Back then, all of the different races lived together. This was long before the humans had settled in this world. This is long before my father's time, far earlier than even the oracle's time. The seal comes from a time before anyone recorded history, and therefore, most of what was known about the seal has been forgotten. There are a few things though that we still do know. 
Thomas could sense the weight of what Alanna was about to tell him. She hesitated before continuing, as if she were deciding as she went, what she would tell, and what she would leave out.
The seal was created by an unrivalled wizard... or wizards. In those times, dragons were the only ones that wielded magic, and were powerful beyond imagination. No one knows exactly who created the seal, but they can agree on the fact that whatever made it, had power beyond anything the world has seen since. You see, the seal reads fate.
Thomas looked confused. What do you mean it reads fate?
Alanna came to sit closer to Thomas. She gently held Thomas' hand, and ran his sleeve up to expose the tattoo. 
This is the first part of three. This part of the seal is set to read your fate. It is believed that this was always used as a device of marriage. Even back in the golden time, dragons vied for power against the different races. It's believed, in order to keep order amongst the different clans of dragon, this device was used to seal two different species together, presumably a prince and princess. The device would promise them immense power, but in return....
Thomas knew his heart couldn't take much more. He had to know what his fate was. Please keep going Alanna.
Alanna closed her eyes. In return they risked death.
Thomas jumped up. Death?! What do you mean death!?
The first part of the seal reads the fate of the imprinted. It contains all knowledge of your past, present, and your future. The second seal is donned at a ceremony for engagement. It prepares the seal to be shared with your intended partner. When you join with your intended in the ceremony, after receiving the second part of that seal, it will read your fiancee's fate. If it find's the fates aren't intertwined, it rejects the bond.
That's a bad thing?
If it rejects the bond, it will reject the host, and the host will die.
Thomas was too stunned for words. I... I...
Alanna pressed her finger to Thomas' lips. There's more. If you don't finish the engagement within a year of getting the seal, you will die, and if you do not get the final seal... the seal upon marriage before the fifth anniversary of the first seal....
I die. I think I am catching on to a common theme here.
 Thomas reached up to grasp the back of his head which was starting to pound.
 Who thought up this thing? Why would anyone ever want this? 
Ultimate power is hard to resist for many, even at the risk of death.
Thomas couldn't believe that this was happening to him. It had to be a story!
How do you know any of this is true? Are you sure this isn't just a story to scare people away from using it?
The last person to use it was when my grandfather was just a child. He was in love with a powerful white dragon. She was beautiful, smart, but as it turned out, not in love with him. It had been arranged, as things often were in the past...
Not much seems to have changed... Thomas added bitterly.
Anyway, he got as far as the second seal and was sealed to her in a traditional engagement ceremony. Not much detail was told to me by my father, except that he died an extremely horrific and painful death.
But if your father knows this, why would he use it on me?! It seemed that her father had found a way to get rid of Thomas after all. Quiet, innocent, and painful.
I... I don't know. Alanna was exasperated. I can't believe my father would give you that knowing that it would kill you. He had to be sure that it wouldn't harm you. 
But WHY do it at all?!
Father.... believes that I am fated to marry the saviour of Alumia. I can only believe that he honestly thinks that's you. If I am fated to really be married to you, then this seal can't hurt you, and the power you would gain would undoubtedly be of great value to this world to protect against the war that is coming.
He's risking MY life for a war on this world which I am not even a part of?
I'm a part of this world. Alanna looked hurt.
That's not what I meant, but Alanna, he didn't even ask me. I mean... he asked me alright, but he didn't TELL me it would kill me.
He was desperate Thomas. He was worried about the possibility of losing you, but he would never do anything that would put your life at risk.
So he gives me a tattoo that will kill me? How is that not risking my life?!
Alanna was getting irritated. That's what I was saying... he wouldn't unless he was sure!
And I am supposed to feel comforted by this because he knows it will be okay.
Argh! Thomas, you're being impossible!
I'm sorry your princess! It's just a little bit much to digest at the moment.
Thomas started to prance around Alanna preaching to her in a sing-song voice.
Oh it's fine that you want to marry my daughter, because this tattoo will probably kill you before you have a chance to finish the ceremony anyway. Tra-la-la-la-la.
Alanna screamed in frustration and stormed off into the woods. Thomas grunted in frustration and stomped off to the tent. Tretchbolt, oblivious to the cataclysmic argument, continued to sleep on ground just inside the flap having not made it to the bedroll before passing out.
***** 
It was one of the coldest nights of the winter in recent memory. The stars danced brightly against the deep dark sky. The air was crisp and clean, and even the animals seemed to have hunkered down to wait out the cold of the night. Alanna felt as though she were the only one wandering beneath the forest canopy in the dead of night. It really was quite cold. The trees blotted out most of the sky. Devoid of life, dark and extremely cold, the forest made Alanna feel uneasy. She didn't want to go back yet. That would be too embarrassing, but it wasn't the type of place you wanted to stick around very long. Alanna was just about to go back when she heard something. She held her breath and strained to hear. Nothing. Only the silence of one of the coldest nights ever, greeted her. She was about to turn back when she heard it again. It sounded like a thin and strained cry for help. She turned her head, trying her best to figure out where it was coming from. Somewhere off in the distance, deeper in the forest. Alanna carefully picked her way through the trees, treading deeper in, and farther away from her camp. If someone was really in distress out here, under these conditions, they could be in real peril.
Help me... someone... please. 
It was definitely faint and weak, but loud enough that it was clear. Alanna started to pick up speed and was setting off now at as close to a full run as she could manage in the dark. When she crested a ridge she saw, lying on his back beside a stream, an old man with a long grey beard in tattered clothing. He weakly reached his hand out toward her. 
Oh thank heavens child. I thought that no one would hear me. 
The old man must be freezing in this cold weather. Alanna quickly ran over to help him to his feet, but as she came upon him, she saw a change in his demeanour. The look of despair and relief was replaced with something else... satisfaction?
What are you doing out here? Alanna asked warily.
Why, waiting for you of course.
Something was definitely off about this, but before Alanna had a chance to react, tendrils of thick black smoke flew off the man and wrapped around Alanna. Alanna tried to scream, to shout out, but the smoke had already wrapped itself around her mouth. The transparent weaves of immaterial held her as surely as steel. She shifted, trying very hard to change to her Dragon state, but again, something about the unnatural smoke had her trapped. She was as helpless as she had perceived the old man to be only moments before. She watched in horror as the dark Shadow that she had seen on the mountainside ripped out of the old man shell and materialized before her.
The Shadow didn't waste time speaking as the smoke continued to envelope Alanna until she was entirely covered from head to toe. The Shadow then turned to Alanna and uttered the last thing that she would hear from it. The master wishes to speak to you.
CHAPTER 33
LEFT IN THE COLD
Anyone who has ever been camping in the late fall or early spring is familiar with the cold that sets in, in the hours before the light starts to nurse in the day. A thick, cold mist sets in and saturates everything. Inevitably even the covers of an arctic sleeping roll are no match for the microscopic pinpricks of cold that stab through the thick material. 
Thomas shivered well before the light of the sun crested the horizon. He was cold. Very cold. Laying in his sleeping roll only seemed to succeed in making him colder. The issue with getting up was, of course, freezing, but it always had to start that way. You had to get up and weather the cold to get dressed and move around before you could get warmer again. Thomas groaned and opened his eyes. The tent lay still. Alanna wasn't stirring yet. In his anger and haste the night before, Thomas had removed his pyjamas a good three metres away from where he lay now. Why the heck had he taken them off? People slept in pyjamas didn't they? Even if they were pink girl pyjamas, they would be better than nothing in this cold. Getting them without freezing to death was going to be a challenge. 
Keeping the bedroll securely wrapped around him, Thomas started to roll in the direction he believed he had taken them off the night before. As he rolled securely in his cocoon, something occurred to him. He had passed right over Alanna's bedroll, and there was no one in it. 
Braving the cold, Thomas ejected a hand from the safety of his roll and felt around the vicinity of where the pyjamas should be. Success! He found the bottoms and shirt in a pile by the flap. He brought them quickly into confines of his bedroll without thinking and screamed. His clothes, he was only slightly irked that he referred to them as his clothes, had turned into ice cubes.
Thomas jumped out of his bedroll and immediately wished that he had not. He started to convulse, wrapped in the cold of the early morning mist. Gah!!!! Thomas screamed. His bedroll was now occupied by ice cube pyjamas, and he was in his underwear out in the cold of the early morning mist. 
Suddenly the flap of the tent whipped back and a half dressed Tretchbolt burst into the tent with a tin pot on his head and a sword in his hand.
Romlivandy?! Romlivandy tuet tudy? 
Thomas was prancing around the tent shivering to death, and the blast of air that accompanied Tretchbolt into the tent did nothing to make his situation any better.
 C..C..Cold... Thomas realized by the blank expression on his face, that nothing that Thomas was saying was getting through to Tretchbolt. Thomas cursed and delved his hand into the bedroll, extracting the frozen outfit. With a sound much like Velcro, Thomas forced his legs through the frosty pants. 
Thomas shivered uncontrollably. I sss...ssaid it's c...c...cold.
Of course it's cold you blasted idiot! It's winter! 
Tretchbolt stood there for a few seconds letting his brain, which was trying hard to shake off the effects of a night of hard drinking, followed by an early winter's morning, work on forming thoughts. It took a few moments before Tretchbolt allowed his mouth to utter the second thought that had passed through his still hazy head.
You talked!
Vv...v...very good. Sh... sh... sharp this morning.
Tretchbolt gave Thomas a dangerous look. I wouldn't try to be cute with me in the morning kid. I tend to do things without thinking. Tretchbolt scratched the tin pot on top of his head and cursed, pulling it off.
Thomas couldn't hide his grin.
Tretchbolt's eyes narrowed and he waved his sword around in front of Thomas. Bad things.
Thomas ignored the extremely thinly veiled threats and proceeded to put on the top half to the ice cube.
Tretchbolt was starting to function normally now. Well, normally for him. He looked around and immediately asked, Where's Alanna?
Thomas turned to look at Tretchbolt. I assumed that she would be in your tent.
Why would she be with me?!
Fear started to eke into Thomas heart. We had sort of an argument last night. She went storming off into the woods, I went off to the tent. I thought she was just blowing off steam! When I woke up this morning and she wasn't there, I thought she must have gone to your tent out of anger.
Thomas, she's not in my tent.
Thomas' heart dropped. She couldn't have been out in this all night!
Tretchbolt and Thomas both ran out of the tent oblivious to the cold. The camp lay in silence as it had been left. The fire no longer burned in the pit, having gone out long before Thomas had fallen asleep. The remnants of the previous night's meal still sat among the logs, and Thomas' journal sat where it had been since he last wrote in it. There was nothing here to suggest that Alanna had come back the night before. Then he saw it. Stuck into the log on the other side of the fire pit was a long black dagger. In a heartbeat Thomas was running barefoot across the clearing to the the dagger. The dagger wasn't any of theirs, he was sure about that. There was something distinctly dark about it, and it wasn't just the colour. The blade was a shiny deep ebony black. The hilt, which looked to be carved from dark stone, took the form of a skeleton being squeezed by the wielder of the dagger. Diamond gemstones were set in the eyes of the skull that made up the end of the hilt, but it wasn't the dagger that held his attention, it was what the dagger was holding affixed to the log. Beneath the dagger was a note addressed to 'The Boy Wizard.'
Dear Boy Wizard,
First, I would like to congratulate you on your engagement to this enchanting young dragon. She is certainly a catch, unfortunately for you, she is now my catch. I would like to assure you that no harm will come to her as long as you follow some simple instructions.
I commend you on your abilities. Not too many beings have faced a Shadow and survived, let alone fought and banished one. It is for this reason, you have my attention whether you wish it or not.
I have a very important engagement coming up, and I simply can not have you interfering with plans that I have worked years, decades to set into motion. Thus, I request that in the coming days you neither interfere nor aid my enemies in any form. Should you follow these simple instructions, the girl dragon will be returned to you unharmed. If not, well... I don't think I have to explain to you what a Shadow is capable of doing to such an innocent creature.
Respects.
Victor Toralnikov
Thomas cursed as he passed the note to Tretchbolt. How could he have let Alanna run off like that, and not even check on her. He felt like a heel. This was all his fault.
Tretchbolt finished reading the note, and stood in silence thinking to himself.
I'm going after her. Thomas snatched the dagger and turned to start packing.
That's not a good idea kid.
What do you expect me to do? Just sit idly by while Alanna is imprisoned by, what every person I have come across to date, has described as the most evil entity to cross these plains in thousands of years?
Tretchbolt's voice was hard and serious. You can't storm off to face Victor. He has armies of dark beings at his command. He lives in a well defended fortress on the side of a precarious mountain. He will see you coming a league away.
I'm not just about to leave her there! You want me to simply step aside? Do as he asks? I'm not stupid you know. No matter what happens, he will never hand her over. Thomas stood in silent rage. Anger directed mostly at himself was seeping out into his voice.
Going up there would be stupid. If you die, who is going to rescue her?
If I don't go up there, how am I going to rescue her? 
The first rays of true sunlight were breaking over the top of the clearing now. Thomas and Tretchbolt stood glued to the spot uncertain of what to do next. They stood there in silence, unmoving, for what seemed like hours until Tretchbolt finally spoke. I must go inform the king.
He said we couldn't interfere.
He said you couldn't interfere. He didn't say anything about me.
Thomas snatched the note from Tretchbolt's hands and waved it in front of his face. Do you really think that's going to matter to him?
It's the only thing we can do Thomas. As you said, no matter what happens, he will not let Alanna go. If we do something, she may die, but if we do nothing, everyone, including her, may die. This decision is too big for us. I need to see the king.
And me? Thomas added.
You will have to figure that out on your own Thomas. I'm sorry kid. Whatever you do, his attention is going to be on you. Be careful.
Tretchbolt turned to leave, and then turned halfway back. It's the pyjamas, isn't it?
Yes.
Tretchbolt nodded to himself. Then you know....
about the tattoo... yes.
Thomas closed his eyes, trying hard not to let emotion take control of his voice. That's what we were arguing about last night. It's why... this is my fault.
Tretchbolt placed his heavy hand on Thomas' shoulder.
We'll get her back.
***** 
Tretchbolt hastily packed up and began his trek back to BlueShift leaving Thomas sitting in the middle of a deserted camp. The now midday sun was failing to warm the forest clearing, and Thomas was starting to feel thoroughly cold. Whenever he had been cold before, he just walked a little bit closer to Alanna, and he wouldn't feel as bad. Thomas let out a laugh as cold as the day. Even the warmth of her company had been stolen away from him.
The feeling of indecision was overwhelming. Thomas could understand Tretchbolt's decision, and he was right about attacking Victor's stronghold. That did sound like suicide the more that he thought about it. His best bet still lay in getting to Westminster. It was the only place he knew, BlueShift aside, that he might be able to find someone to help him.
Tretchbolt had packed up the entire camp, even Thomas' things were neatly stacked and ready to be carried. Thomas appreciated Tretchbolt's help. He may be a bit pushy, a little belligerent, but he could be genuine and nice as well.
Thomas stood up from the log and trudged over to his pack. Picking it up he started to think about the journey that he was about to attempt on his own in this strange land. He knew the general direction he was supposed to go, but not the exact way. This worried him somewhat. It would be easy to get lost in this forest. He wondered if the pyjamas had enough power to help him to get him to where he needed to go.
Pyjamas that are on this whiz,
 Point me to where Westminster is. 
Immediately it felt like someone had grabbed the front of his shirt and was pulling him in a southern direction. Thomas awkwardly followed the pyjama's prodding, walking a little stiffly, trying to stave off the imminent feeling he was about to fall over each time the pyjamas yanked him around when he strayed from their path.
Thomas walked through the woods for a good portion of the day. There was a dandelion hue to the light now, and it was starting to build into a much nastier cold that was always promised by the coming night. Thomas was standing on a hillside in a open expanse in the middle of the forest, trying to decide where to setup his camp when he saw it. Down the hill, tucked in the trees, there was a small cabin. It was the whiffs of smoke coming up from the cabin's chimney that caught his attention. To spend the night in a heated cabin! Thomas felt rejuvenated at the simple thought of shelter. Still... he had no idea who lived there. Thomas looked up at the sky. It was getting late. If he trekked down to the cabin only to be rejected, then finding shelter and setting up a fire before the worst of the winter's chill set in would be a monumental task. He decided it was worth the risk. Making haste, Thomas started off down the hillside and through the trees at breakneck speed. He had to keep himself steady, as the direction his pyjamas were pulling was directly south, and the cabin was south east, so every once in a while he would stumble sideways. Thomas could only imagine how ridiculous it would look to onlookers. A boy fighting for control of his pink girl pyjamas. He could only hope no one ever saw.
CHAPTER 34
MRS INK
By the time Thomas had made it down the hillside to the cottage, almost all light from the sun had left the sky. The chill of the evening that approached already threatened to overwhelm him as he came upon the odd building. The cottage was a fair size. Not exactly what one would expect from a house in the middle of the woods. It was at least two stories, with a covered deck that ran the length of the outside. The sheltered portion of the deck was held up by pillars similar to those in ancient Grecian architecture, and gas lanterns on poles lined the walkway around the outside of the building. The cottage was actually more similar to a colonial styled house than a cabin or any type of home you would find in the middle of a forest. Everything about it shouted that it didn't belong here. The oddities didn't end there.
Thomas wandered around the front of the house and up the stone staircase to the front door. Standing beside the door was a bear that was at least two to three metres tall. What struck Thomas immediately was its features. It looked like it had escaped from a kids theme park. Sure it was large and shaggy, but it had humanized features and a whimsically happy look on its face. Thomas had never seen anyone decorate their home with bear sculptures before.
The whole situation just seemed bizarre, but since Thomas was rapidly turning into a Popsicle, he didn't feel like standing around debating the strange taste in home decor. He took a deep breath, and walked up the steps to the large ornate door beside the oversized comical bear. Thomas was just raising his hand to knock when a voice nearly startled him out of his skin.
Excuse me. Came the deep voice. You wouldn't happen to have a cookie would you?
Thomas jumped back from the door in shock. Had the bear just spoken to him? He looked all around, but there didn't seem to be anyone there but him. No one of course, but the bear.
The bear cocked its head to one side. Well?
It had talked! Thomas really shouldn't have been surprised, given the strangeness of things he had already witnessed in Alumia, but the talking theme park bear had caught him off guard.
Uh... no?
The bear drooped it's enormous head and sighed. Figures. No one EVER has a cookie. Oh but how I would LOVE a cookie. The bear straightened himself up and regarded Thomas. Well then. What can I do for you?
Thomas wondered if the cold was getting to him. He couldn't be standing here having a conversation with, what for all intents and purposes, looked like an animatronic bear.
This isn't your house is it?
My house?! Dear me no. If it were my house, I wouldn't likely be out here on the porch asking any passer-by for cookies, now would I? The bear stared up to the sky. Such an odd place for a bear to be during the winter. Standing on a porch asking for cookies. 
Why don't you leave then? 
The bear looked at Thomas curiously. I can't leave! This is my spot!
Ah. Thomas was quickly realizing that he was not going to have a meaningful conversation with this being. 
So if this isn't your house, who's home is it?
Mmm? Oh. This is Mrs Ink's house.
Mrs Ink. Why did that sound familiar? 
I see, is Mrs Ink inside? Thomas could feel the cold setting into his bones now. His joints were starting to numb, and his teeth were beginning to chatter. He doubted he would have time to setup a camp now.
Yes, of course. She's always in. The bear said matter-of-factually.
Okay then, I'm just going to knock and...
Oh, I'm afraid that's not allowed. 
Thomas stood there in confusion. I can't knock?
No. No one can knock.
But... then how do I get inside?
I'll let you in of course. That's my job!
I see. Said Thomas, who really didn't see at all. So then, will you let me in?
Nope!
But you just said you would let me in!
The bear smiled. Of course I will! But first you have to answer the question.
Question?
Yes. Here it is. There are 500 bears in history that held the title of leader of the Tarragon Forests. Which one was responsible for the Great Chicken Monument?
Are you serious? Thomas asked.
Yes. Always.
And if I get this wrong I can't go in?
If you get this wrong, I will have to eat you. Don't take it personally, it's my job.
Thomas shook his head. But how am I supposed to know the answer to such a question? I've never heard of the bears of the Tarragon forest!
Well then I guess you probably won't! Now would you mind stepping over here so I can gnaw on your head please?
The bear was moving its massive arms around, but Thomas was beyond its reach, and it didn't seem that it could move from its spot by the door.
Oh bother. sighed the bear.
Then it hit Thomas. Mrs Ink. Ink and Nibs. That's why it sounded so familiar. Could this be the same Ink as the one that ran away from Mr Nibs? Wait! What was it that Mr Nibs had said when Thomas was leaving... something about a talking bear! The answer, it was a number. What was it again? Thomas thought hard. It was either the seventh or the fourth. Seven was his favourite number, but the fourth had no significance to him, so had no reason to be stuck in his head other than...
The answer's the fourth!
The bear looked clearly surprised. What a colossally lucky guess! Well then, I won't have to eat you after all. Lucky for you.
And you will let me inside?
Of course! That's my job. That and eating those who get the answer wrong.
The door swung open on its own.
There, it was a pleasure meeting you, um...
Thomas.
Really? You don't look like Thomas. He's taller than you. The bear leaned as close as it could to Thomas and whispered. And between you and me, he doesn't shave nearly as often as he should.
Ah. 
Well get on inside. Mrs Ink doesn't like it when I let cold air in.
Thomas shook his head and walked in the door. It swung shut behind him. What an odd place. 
After meeting with a talking bear at a colonial house in the middle of no where, the inside of the house didn't surprise him all that much. The main entry opened on a massive room. It looked even bigger from the inside than it had on the outside. The floors were tiled in a pattern of deep marbled greens and dark greys. A carpet ran from the entrance to the staircase that swept off to the right and the second story. There were several beautiful paintings of scenery against the far wall, as well as an antique sofa that looked as if it had sat undisturbed for centuries. A great bowl shaped chandelier of opaque glass hung above the centre of the room just before the staircase. Thomas had the odd feeling it was watching him. It indeed had a pattern that made it look as if there were pairs of large eyes staring down from the great bowl.
Hey you!
Thomas jumped. Now what?
Down here!
Thomas looked down at the foot of the staircase, and saw one of the Balustrade's staring back up at him. 
Do I know you? said the balustrade in an accent that sounded very much French. Considering where Thomas was, that seemed very odd.
No. I don't think so.
Are you sure? You look very familiar.
I think I would remember talking to you. And would probably spend the rest of his life trying to forget. Thomas realized that it wasn't just the one balustrade that was staring at him. Every balustrade that made up the handrails for the staircase was trying to turn in his direction. It was quite unnerving to be stared at by at least fifty pairs of wooden eyes. What kind of place was this?
I never forget a face. It will come to me. Now! What can we do for you? Not a lot eh? We are kind of stuck here.
I was wondering if I could speak to Mrs Ink. Thomas wasn't sure this was what he wanted anymore. Something about a talking bear and balustrade made the thought of trying his hand at camping outside seem more appealing than it had.
That, we can do something about. The balustrade swivelled in place to face the next in its line. Company to see Mrs Ink! It announced to the next one. In turn the next balustrade swivelled to face the next, and so on until the message had reached the next floor. The message came back down the line from the balustrade at the top of the stairs, and before it even reached the bottom, Thomas knew what it was.
Who is it?
Thomas. Thomas replied feeling a little weary of this lengthy message process. The message was sent up the stairs in the same fashion that it had been before. As the message progressed to the top, the first balustrade turned to look at Thomas.
Thomas? You are Thomas? I admit, you have similar looks as Thomas, but you are much much younger! I think you are pulling a joke on me, no?
Maybe you are thinking of a different Thomas. Thomas hoped he wasn't losing his mind. A talking bear and balustrade should stick out in his mind.
Maybe. The balustrade said in a suspicious voice.
This time there was no reply. Instead, a lady in her sixties or seventies stepped out from one of the doorways upstairs and made her way down the staircase. The slight lines that marked her face hinted at a cheerful disposition. She herself was a bit of a larger woman, the type that would make an excellent grandmother in a few years time. Her hair was pulled back behind her head, and she wore a simple, yet clean outfit. She said nothing as she gracefully descended the staircase, she just walked down to the bottom and took Thomas in with a smile that set him at ease.
You are certainly looking well dear. 
The familiarity that the old woman addressed Thomas with threw him off what he was going to say for a moment. Usually people greeted others with a 'Hello' or 'What are you doing in my house at this hour?'
Thomas found his train of thought again. Um, sorry for barging in like this. It was cold outside, and I saw your house. I was hoping to find a place to stay for the night.
The older woman smiled at Thomas, which strangely made Thomas feel a little more at ease. Of course you can stay here for however long you want. I don't get a lot of company. It's nice to have someone to talk with.
I'm Thomas. Thomas offered his hand to the older Lady.
And you may call me Indya. The lady took Thomas' hand and shook it gently. Thomas thought he caught a hint of sadness in the lady's voice as she introduced herself, but for the life of him he couldn't figure out why that would be.
I was just about to have dinner when you came, I wonder if you wouldn't like to join me in the kitchen?
Thomas was actually on the verge of starving. Since the night before, he hadn't really stopped to eat. The situation with Alanna had consumed him until he had stumbled across the odd house.
That would be wonderful. replied Thomas gratefully. 
Indya lead Thomas through a set of saloon style doors into a warm kitchen filled with boiling pots and wondrous aroma's promising great food being baked in the oven. Thomas' hunger hit him like an anvil walking into the utopia of scents.
The kitchen was fairly large for someone living alone. There was an antique wood-fire stove with wonderfully crafted legs and ornate handles. The surface looked to be made of sections of cast iron and there was a manhole styled covering with a handle on the surface, presumably for throwing wood into. It amazed him how much antique appliances took on the appearance of fine furniture and art when compared to what he was used to- a square electric box made of cheap metal, with glowing numbers. Sometimes progress saddened Thomas.
Indya sat Thomas at a large oak table, which, true to the decor of house, had an air of style and craftsmanship of a bygone age. 
Well Thomas, What brings you to the middle of nowhere? Indya continued to move briskly around the kitchen, checking her soups, peeking in the oven.
I'm on my way to Westminster to see a friend.
Really? How interesting. Travelling alone then are you? Indya brought some fresh bread out of the oven and plopped it down on the counter. It smelled amazing.
Well, I was travelling with friends, but something came up. Thomas didn't feel there was any point in telling his story to this nice lady. 
Indya tapped the sides of the bread pan and rolled a loaf of bread out onto the counter. She knocked on the bread a few times and smiled. The bread is done! She proceeded to baste the crust of the bread in butter and got out some plates and bowls. The secret to knowing when bread is done is the sound it makes when you knock it. If it sounds hollow, it's ready. Indya ladled some soup from the pot on the stove, put a couple of slices of fresh hot buttered bread beside it and set it down in front of Thomas.
Indya sat down across from Thomas with her own bowl of soup and fresh bread. Thomas hastily picked up one of the pieces of bread and let it melt in his mouth. There really wasn't anything that compared to baking done in a wood stove. 
I have to ask a question if it's alright. Thomas had finished one piece of bread in a heartbeat and was on to the second, casually dipping it into the soup as he spoke.
What's on your mind?
Well, earlier I met a man. His name was Mr Nibs. The store he ran was Ink and Nibs. I was wondering if you might be the 'Ink' of Ink and Nibs. There couldn't be too many people with the last name Ink. At least, not where he came from.
Indya's expression soured slightly. So you've met Erin have you?
Erin? Is that his name? He ran a writing supply store.
Yeah, that's his name. Where's he set up this time?
I met him in BlueShift. He said that you had run off or something.
Indya laughed out loud. Ran off did I? More the other way around! Erin's my husband. 
He ran off? Thomas finished up his soup quickly and tried to ignore his stomach's requests for more.
Yes. Indya stared at Thomas for a few minutes. It made Thomas feel a little uncomfortable, as if she were weighing him on an invisible scale, trying to make a decision. Erin and I had a disagreement. He wanted to involve himself in something that wasn't our place to meddle in, and I wanted to leave well enough alone. Hearing a cue from Thomas' stomach, Indya got up from the table, refilled Thomas' soup bowl and laid out two more slices of bread for him.
Thank you. Thomas hadn't eaten like this in a long while. The food at the palace was good, but this was very similar to what he would eat back home. Only better.
What was it that he wanted to get involved in?
Indya seemed to be picking her words out and dressing them before letting them off her tongue. There was something about her situation with Mr Nibs she didn't seem to want to talk about.
A mutual friend was having problems with his love life. My husband felt that it was only a matter of mus-communication and wanted to get involved. I felt that getting involved could cause... other problems.
Thomas didn't see what the big deal was. That seems innocent enough.
Maybe so, but seemingly innocent things can have large effects. I worried about the fallout from such intervention and what it might mean for the future.
It still seemed innocent to Thomas. Not the sort of thing you would desert your wife over. Thomas decided not to dig any further though. Indya didn't seem comfortable with the topic. 
How about you. You're a pretty handsome young guy. Is there anyone special in your life? Indya didn't take her eyes off the soup she was eating as she casually changed the subject.
Thomas felt a little embarrassed talking to a stranger about his personal life, but in truth, felt comforted to have someone to confide in, and Indya's personality made it easy to talk to her.
Sort of, yes... I guess.
You seem unsure. What's her name?
Alanna. Her name is Alanna.
Indya's composure changed slightly, she seemed to be going through the motions of eating and conversing, but her actions were more deliberate, more measured.
Alanna. That's a pretty name. And she feels the same way about you?
Yes. I think so.
She has said as much?
Yes.
Indya stopped eating and looked at Thomas with a very serious expression. Are you certain?
Thomas didn't really understand what Indya was fishing for. Yes, she told me. We are to be married.
Still?! Indya stood up from the table so fast that she knocked over her half finished bowl of soup.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you. Thomas was getting up slowly.
It's not you dear. Indya was clearly upset about something. She was chewing on her nail distractedly and focusing on some point off in the distance.
What did he say to you?
Thomas had felt two steps behind in this conversation from the beginning. Who?
My husband. Did he give you any advice?
No. Not really. To be honest, it was a little hard to understand him most of the time.
So he didn't say anything to you?
Nothing that seemed important, except what to say to the bear. He also helped me pick a journal and pen, but that's all.
Mrs Ink stopped staring off into the distance and turned to Thomas. Do you have the journal and pen with you?
Sure, I take it everywhere.
May I see them?
Thomas got up and grabbed his pack, pulling out the pen and journal from their resting place he returned to the table and handed them to Mrs Ink. 
I'd rather you didn't read it though.
Indya seemed not to hear Thomas as she stared at the Journal and pen. Subtle. Maybe it will be alright. I wouldn't have thought of that.
Excuse me?
Mrs Ink turned to Thomas and looked as if she was about to say something when her eyes started to grow wide. She walked across the room to Thomas grabbed his arm and yanked up his sleeve. There, staring back at her, was the dragon tattoo. Indya jumped back as if she had been bitten.
WHERE did you get that?!
Alkamire Aqual. It's part of the marriage ritual. Thomas replied while absentmindedly rubbing the tattoo.
Marriage ritual?! That's a death sentence!
Thomas sighed. I know about the dangers of the seal.
Then do you know how many have survived the seal in the history of the blasted thing?! Indya had worked herself up into a very real rage. Bring that oaf to me.
The king?
As much as I would like to give him a piece of my mind now, no... the other oaf. My husband.
What makes you think I can? Thomas asked suspiciously.
You're a wizard aren't you?
But how do you know that? I mean... what... what's going on here? You seem to know more about my life than you are telling me.
Take a look around. I have a talking bear, Staircase and if you looked up when you came in, chandelier. I have been around magic long enough to know it when I see it. Bring me that idiot, and I will see that some of your questions are answered.
I'm not sure I can. I have tried to bring people before.
It will work Thomas. Trust me. Indya seemed pretty sure of herself, but Thomas wasn't. He had already tried several times to cast a spell that would bring Alanna back, but nothing had happened. 
I will do my best. Thomas tried to think of the words that might bring Indya's husband.
On his person I have dibs,
On this table put Erin Nibs.
A blue light erupted from Thomas hand and enveloped the table. In a flash, a bewildered Mr Nibs sat on the over turned bowl of soup.
Mr Nibs blinked a few times and stared at Mrs Ink. Indya! What am I doing here?
Our guest helped fetch you home.
Mr Nibs turned to Thomas and visibly started. 
Thomas. What are you doing here?
Indya walked around in front of Erin drawing his attention. I asked you not to get involved Erin.
Yes, but it was just a harmless journal.
Harmless? Indya walked over to Thomas and held up his arm with the dragon tattoo. Do you call this harmless?
The old man's eyes bulged. Oh dear lord.
The king imprinted him with this as part of the marriage ceremony. Every word that left Indya's lips seem to sting Mr Nibs as surely as if he had been strapped. 
How was I to know he would do something like that? Mr Nibs sounded hurt and defensive.
This is why I said to leave well enough alone. LEAVE WELL ENOUGH ALONE. Why is it you always feel the need to tinker with things?
The conversation stirred the fear inside of Thomas. The experiences of this evening were completely unhinging him. He had to wonder if he was losing his sanity. Perhaps he wasn't here, maybe he was really dreaming this entire world. There had to be some explanation for what was going on. 
Excuse me.
The old couple kept on arguing with each other, almost totally oblivious to Thomas.
Hello?
It seemed that they had forgotten that he was in the room all together.
COULD SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS GOING ON!?
That stopped both of them in mid-sentence. 
Well Erin?
Mr Nibs straightened up and slid off the table. Doing his best to smooth the soup off the backside of his clothing he stood considering his words for a moment.
I'm sorry Thomas. I'm afraid my meddling may have inadvertently been responsible for that tattoo of yours. Thomas could tell that Mr Nibs was still holding things back. He seemed to be weaving through what he knew of what was going on, and picking out the bare essentials to tell Thomas.
That journal and pen I gave you. They are a truly unique set. Once you start writing in that journal, those that you write about on the pages, will be drawn to it. It's sort of an enchanted item. If you express feelings of ...well love... it will cast a spell over the one whom you professed your feelings for, should they ever read it.
Thomas groaned. So Alanna wasn't really in love with him. She just thought she was. He felt utterly deflated.
Picking up on Thomas expression Mr Nibs continued. That isn't to say that that person doesn't care for the person using the journal. It merely accelerates feelings that person already has.
Somehow that didn't reassure Thomas. A lie. It was all a lie. Then a cold realization came over him. Thomas looked down at his tattoo and realized he was doomed. Alanna had been caught in a spell, they were never meant to be together. The moment he went through with the rest of the ceremony he was done for. 
Why? It was all that Thomas could think to say.
I wish I could tell you son. I really do. My wife is right though. The less you know, the better, at least for now. I think we have to ride this storm out, and see where it leads us.
Even if it's to my death?!
Mrs Ink looked very sad. Don't worry Thomas. Things will work out. I promise. She shot Mr Nibs a threatening glance as she comforted Thomas.
Now I think it's time that you got going.
That caught Thomas off guard. I thought that you said that I could stay!
A lot has happened since then Thomas. Indya got up and started to pack some snacks into containers. I think it best that you get to Westminster as soon as possible. It may be a good idea to pick up Alanna first. I have a feeling that she will be a big part of what's to come.
I can't.
Both Indya and Erin stopped what they were doing and replied in unison, Why not?
She's been captured by Victor.
Indya slumped into a chair and the both of them stared at Thomas slack-jawed.
Thomas was fighting back a well of emotions that hadn't fully hit him until he put it into words. It was strange how you could control your feelings about something until you finally said the words to yourself. It was like the words themselves were the key to open the gates to his pent up despair.
This couldn't be worse Erin. Mrs Ink stared at Mr Nibs, but Mr Nibs seemed lost.
That's why I am heading to Westminster. I'm hoping that Edric will be able to help me.
All the more reason not to wait. Indya had finished packing the snacks into a bag of sorts and handed it to Thomas.
Thomas wasn't looking forward to going out into the cold again, but he had to admit that he was worried about Alanna. If I'm right, I believe it's almost a week before I will get there.
A week! You're a magician! It shouldn't take that long at all!
I'm a little nervous about using a spell to travel though.
Why? You brought Erin here with no problems.
Erin was still trying to rub some of the remnants of soup from his clothing.
I just don't want to end up inside of a wall, or in the floor. I've never been to Westminster before.
Have faith in yourself. You don't have the time to be hoofing it all over the place. You have the ability, it's time to use it! Indya put her arm on Thomas' shoulder and was already ushering him back to the entrance hall. 
Now the thing you'll need is space. These spells can be a little unpredictable, so we want to make sure that you have plenty of room.
Not exactly what Thomas wanted to hear.
Thomas stood in the middle of the entrance hall, all eyes on him, all 54 sets of eyes (give or take). 
You are on your way then Thomas? The voice came from one of the balustrades. It was a pleasure to meet you, whether or not you are the real Thomas.
Thomas sighed. Maybe it was for the better that he left tonight. Thomas concentrated on words that would take him to Edric, not just to Westminster. He would have no idea who Edric was once he got there, so it would be best if the spell took him directly to the person himself. He was having problems however coming up with words that would work for him. Did it matter if it made sense? He decided to try to see if just rhyming was enough.
Thomas gave a perfunctory cough and all eyes were on him.
By way of banjo and musical flute, 
Take me now to Edric Greenshoot!
A brilliant flash of light lit the room and Thomas disappeared in a hail of banjo and flute music. Both Mr Nibs and Mrs Ink looked at each other. Was something missing from the room?
***** 
In a cacophony of flute and banjo music, Thomas appeared ten feet up in the air hovering over a table in what appeared to be a bar. Thomas came crashing down on a pitcher of beer. He was just about to apologize when he looked up and realized he wasn't the only one that had come along for the ride. He just had time to utter, Oh crud. as he took in the expression of sheer terror in the eyes of the giant bowl chandelier that had hitched a ride from Mrs Ink's house.
CHAPTER 35
THE CAPTURED AND THE KINDERCOOKS
A cold wind blew from the north, high over the valley and wrapped itself around the mountain. It swept up the spiralling dirt path that lead up the precarious mountainside. It blew past the Shadowy figure of a creature dragging its prey back to its lair and continued up until it broke against the walls of Mordon Castle.
 The castle had stood for thousands of years, fighting off the ill tempered weather that never ceased. It had held against armies hundreds of times over the years that it had stood. Mordon castle had never known defeat, at least, not by any army. Time however has a way of doing that which armies could not. The castle listed now on the edge of the hill, threatening to fall into the void below as the land shifted it closer to the edge. The inhabitants, once righteous armies of kings and queens had changed to dark sinister groups that worked in the Shadows. The rotten souls of the beings that now inhabited Mordon castle seemed to eat away at the soul of a once majestic place until it reflected outwardly the ugliness that was inside. The castle had grown dark.
Victor stood at the windowless porthole that lay open to a view of the trail below. Bowl of seeing in one hand, clutching his robe to his chest with the other, he stood impatiently waiting for the return of the Shadow with his prey. A cold wind swept through the open bay window and tore at Victors robe. Victor shivered, turning away from the window and walked back to his throne. The nights had been particularly cold lately. His joints ached and pained in ways that he had never experienced before, and yet, the weather seemed fitting for what lay ahead. 
The seconds ran on into minutes, and the minutes threatened to move on into hours as Victor watched the slow approach of the Shadow through his bowl of seeing. The bowl of seeing. His link to the outside world, and his largest advantage over that so-called head wizard, Edric Greenshoot. Sight, was something reserved for the true master wizards. You had to have an innate ability with visions in order to create something as powerful as the bowl of seeing. True, this was not Victor's creation. He had found it amongst the rubble of the ruined sections of the castle. The way that Victor saw it, if he had not been a great and powerful wizard, the bowl would not have let him operate it. And so Victor became mesmerized by the bowl of seeing, and contemplated his greatness while he waited for his guest to inch her way closer to his domain.
*****
Alanna was conscious of everything going on around her. She was unable to move or transform, but she remained aware of her surroundings. As far as she could tell, the Shadow carried along with it, a dark energy force field that it could control and use to trap its victims. The field carried Alanna silently along, letting her hover just off the ground. It wouldn't be such a bad way to travel if it weren't for the other effect of the dark energy field. It filled you with a sense of dread and terror. Such a feeling of horror that you didn't dare try to move. Alanna was slowly managing to control her irrational feelings of fear. At least now she had an understanding of how the Shadow was able to overpower its victims.
The lightening was getting closer now. They were almost to the top of Mount Rift. Alanna would catch glimpses of the castle as they wound their way up the mountain path. She had the feeling that even without this dark field surrounding her, the castle would still make her shiver. It looked like a bony shell of the great castle of the legends that gave it birth. Something that had stood against the elements for far longer than any structure was meant to. 
Inevitably they crossed through the ancient gate and into the compound of the fortress. Alanna was careful to pay attention as they went along. She needed to know where she was going if she was ever to escape this nightmare. Her thoughts slipped momentarily to Thomas. She wondered what he was doing now.
They crossed a drawbridge over an empty moat and crossed into the inner walls of the fortress. The moat had not held water in recent memory she guessed. Remnants of those who had tried to cross the once still waters littered the bottom.
The Shadow passed through gate after gate, and finally started to ascend a staircase that seemed to lead into the sky. Every corner of the castle presented hints of wonders that once adorned the mysterious structure. 
Finally they arrived in a large room with vaulted ceilings. There was little question what this room served as. This was the only room of the structure that she had seen, that was fully dressed. Carpets led up to a throne which sat just off the centre of the room. In the throne sat an elderly man with a long black-streaked white beard. His eyes were sunken into the Shadows that fell across his face , cast from his hard features. Somewhere in the distance, the sound of metal striking metal reverberated off the walls.
Finally! The man rose from the throne and placed a bowl that he had been holding, onto a pedestal beside where he had sat until a moment ago.
You took your time Shadow. The elderly man walked over toward Alanna and placed a hand on her chin, pulling her head up to meet his gaze. Still, you've done well. 
Against her will, Alanna was able to take in the old man's features more clearly than before. She could see his frightening yellowed, bloodshot eyes staring into her soul. Something behind those eyes frightened Alanna more than the Shadow had. It was as if the being beyond those eyes had long lost morality and reason, and all that was left was a curious crazed and evil entity. Alanna shivered.
The old man chanted silently while still holding her head in place. A beam of light rimmed his eyes, and a bolt shot out and went straight through Alanna. Alanna shook. What had happened to her?
You may let her go Shadow. The Shadow backed away and with it, took its dark energy field. Relief almost overwhelmed Alanna as the Shadow left. She had been fighting the oppressive feelings of the dark energy field for a long time, and it had started to wear on her sanity.
As soon as the Shadow had backed a fair distance away, Alanna immediately reached for her ability to change to her dragon form, and found... nothing. She tried again, but nothing happened.
What have you done to me? Alanna cried out.
I have only suppressed your ability to change forms. I wouldn't have been able to dismiss the Shadow otherwise. He does get cranky, and hungry if I tie him to one person for too long.
The old man settled himself back down into his throne and picked up his bowl.
My name... is Victor... and you are?
Are you serious? You kidnapped me and you don't even know who I am?
WHO you are is irrelevant. You are a friend of the boy wizard. A close, personal friend if I don't miss my guess. Victor's mouth twisted into a wicked smile.
How would you know that?
Victor tilted the bowl that he was peering into toward Alanna. He looks a little cold doesn't he?
Alanna walked over to where Victor sat and peered into the bowl. There, staring back at her, was the image of Thomas, sitting in the middle of their abandoned camp. He did look very cold. Cold and sad. Alanna's heart fell as she observed a Thomas who looked very much broken. Where was Tretchbolt?
You see, I know everything.
But why are you interested in Thomas? He's just a boy!
Victor's lips drew back into a snarl and revealed Victor's black teeth. Just a kid? He defeated the Shadow easily enough, and as a dragon, I shouldn't have to tell you, that's not something to be scoffed at. Also, he battled with a dragon, and not just any dragon, the king of dragons... Victor paused for dramatic effect, allowing the severity of his words to sink in, ...and won. He is quite resilient. I can't have someone like that interfering with my plans.
Stopping Thomas isn't going to help you Victor. Alkamire Aqual will defeat you.
So certain are you? Victor motioned her to the window. Take a peek into the courtyard, and see if you are still so resolute.
Alanna stepped over to the window and gawked in open horror at the scene before her. Hundreds of feet below, throngs of dragons in full armour were battling against each other. The fully transformed dragons wore armour the likes of which Alanna had never seen before. They looked as much a weapon as protection. Blades stuck out from strategic places. The chain mailed tail section ended in a spiked ball hanging off it. These Dragons looked dangerous, and more importantly, organized. Her heart fell. Then she noticed something she hadn't before. Some of the dragons were dark Storm Dragons, but a good deal of them were red! Ganton's army was here! 
Alanna turned on her heel and stormed over to Victor. What is Ganton Blackrock's army doing here?!
Victor smiled his cruel knowing smile. Ganton wanted a spot on the winning side, so I obliged him and let him join me. I can be gracious to those who recognize my authority.
Could Ganton really be so angry as to join with Victor's army? It seemed like the answer was already right in front of her. She realized quickly that Victor was right. Her father and the other Dragon nations were nowhere near ready to face this. They were barely organized as a union, let alone ready for a war. Victor must have picked up on her despair because he continued on with his self congratulatory speech.
You can see the truth of what I say then. The rest of the dragon kingdom has no idea of the power that I wield right now. They are sitting idly back, discussing the chance of possibly, maybe, doing something. By the time they form any sort of resistance, it will already be too late. Victor held the bowl up high to accentuate his point. I know exactly when and where to strike, they will not have a chance!
Rage took over Alanna. She lunged at the bowl in Victor's hand, sending it crashing to the floor. Ancient glass gave way to worn stone as the bowl exploded into thousands of tiny pieces.
Victor shrieked at the top of his lungs. You FOOL! You witch! How dare you!?
Alanna could see Victor shaking in uncontrollable rage. With seemingly great effort Victor reigned his voice in. It matters not. They still will not be able to withstand my forces. All you have done is moved the date for the attack forward.
Victor's face was stretched and contorted with obvious hatred. Now my dear, it is time for you to be shown to your room. I have someone special lined up to take care of you.
As if on cue, someone stepped into the doorway. Alanna turned to see who had come to escort her away. What stared back at her, left her feeling completely deflated. 
Gatsby Blackrock will be your chaperone for the duration of your stay here.
***** 
The first thing Thomas was aware of, was the sharp pain radiating from the top of his head. Thomas opened his eyes slowly and tried to focus. He was in a bed chamber of some sort. The room was fairly large, adorned with tapestries and fully furnished. There was a fireplace in the far wall that made the room quite warm. If not for Thomas' splitting headache, he probably would have slept through the night. 
Ah! You're awake! It's good to see you wake from the land of the dead. You gave the tavern patrons quite a scare friend.
Thomas rolled in the direction of the voice. An elderly man was walking through the doorway and over to Thomas with a tray. 
I'm sorry, I wasn't sure if you were hungry or not, so I took the liberty of having the chef prepare you something. It's not a feast, most of the kitchen staff is off at this hour, but Richard, my chef, was happy to make something for you.
The older man had a disarmingly easy demeanour. Thank you. Thomas wasn't really all that hungry after having soup not so long ago, but he didn't want to hurt his host's feelings.
You're a wizard unless I miss my guess. Am I right?
Thomas had been called a wizard ever since coming to this world, yet he still wasn't sure what category he fell into. He relied on a power that wasn't his own to perform the spells he did. Did that make him a wizard? Or merely the driver of the bus?
I guess Thomas replied.
You don't sound that certain! It was your spell that made you appear in the tavern was it not?
Yes, I guess so.
The older man shrugged. Well, that makes you as much a wizard as I am.
Wizard? Edric?
You're not Edric are you?
Why yes I am! Pleased to meet you, um.
Thomas. Thomas took a deep breath. Thomas Kindercook.
Edric appeared to loose all strength in his legs. He wobbled as he grabbed for the nearby chair to sit down and his face took on a sheet white pallor.
You're Sammuel Kindercook, aren't you? 
Edric just stared at Thomas in disbelief. No one has called me Sammuel in a very long time. Edric... Sammuel shook his head in disbelief. I didn't believe that I would ever see a living relative again.
I'm David Kindercook's grandson.
Sammuel's eyes lit up. Dave! Is he... how is he doing? 
Grandpa is doing great. He mentions you quite often, he never gave up hoping that one day you would come back.
You stay with him?
Thomas sighed sadly. I live there. My mother and father passed away in a car accident when I was still an infant. It's only the two of us now.
I wish I could let my brother know how sorry I am. Our family seems to be cursed with loss.
Thomas perked up a little. But not anymore! I've found you. You have to come home with me!
Sammuel, still looking off into the distance, raised his eyebrows and shook his head. I have tried many times to go back Thomas. I'm not sure that it's possible.
But there are two of us now! And I have the pink pyjamas with me!
Pink pyjamas? Sammuel seemed confused.
Thomas unbuttoned his tunic to expose the pink pyjamas with the cartoon cat patterns.
Heavens! Why are you wearing girl's pyjamas?!
Thomas suddenly felt a little embarrassed. Well, they are the source of my magic. I lost the ring... but I still have these, and they seemed to work as well, so I wore them.
Sammuel laughed heartily. You think those pyjamas have something to do with your power?
Thomas was confused. Yes?
Sammuel shook his head and walked over to a closet in the corner of the room. He rummaged around for a while, and finally came out holding a grey set of boy's pyjamas with cartoon dogs printed on them. They looked as if they were very, very old.
I assume that set is the twin to this one. I remember it vaguely now. It was in the box with the rings.
That's right. Thomas realized suddenly that Sammuel wasn't wearing either the ring or the pyjamas. Wait, what language am I speaking right now. 
Dragonese.
How is it that you can understand me then?
Sammuel dropped back to the chair and threw the pyjamas onto the bed. I cast a spell. Sammuel smiled at Thomas. The pyjamas, the ring. I discovered long ago, those are only keys. They unlock the powers that you already possess. 
Thomas found this hard to believe. Somehow, he thought that he would know if he had had mystical powers his entire life, even if they were locked away. He would just know.... wouldn't he?
Don't worry Thomas. You will have plenty of time to test this theory of mine out. Now, I would like to hear the story of how you came to be here if you don't mind humouring an old man.
Thomas went on to relate the story from the beginning, as best he could remember it. He left nothing out, explaining the plight of the Alkamire Dragons, of the dragon tattoo that he possessed, and of Alanna's abduction. The night wore on, the fire grew wan, and finally, with a dry throat, Thomas finished with his journey from Mrs Ink and Mr Nib's house.
You have had quite an adventure already. Sammuel stretched and slowly got up. I have to get up and walk around every so often or I completely seize up. Sammuel laughed. He walked around the room for a time, deep in thought. Finally he came back over to Thomas.
This is a tricky situation you are in. The truth is, I would have liked to have worked with the dragons many years ago, to finish off Victor before he became an issue again. But dealing with dragons is tricky at the best of times. They tend to be manipulative, and quite often if things don't go their way, vengeful. Victor... The news that he is taking a hand in events now is troubling. If he has managed to somehow harness the Storm Dragons to his will, then that is very troubling indeed.
Sammuel gazed down at Thomas' tattoo. A boon or a curse, that thing. Either way, the only way things will work out for you is to see to Alanna. It seems both problems lead to Victor. I worry how far ahead of me he is. I know that he lives up in Morden Castle, but beyond that, he has shielded his domain from my vision.
Sammuel finally nodded to himself. An alliance between my wizards and the city army, with the help of the Alkamire Dragons, and hopefully the Ganton, may just be enough to drive Victor off forever. I see little other choice. If Alkamire is correct, we have little time left to prepare.
Tretchbolt has already gone to Alkamire.
Then I expect we will be hearing from them shortly. Sammuel grabbed the empty tray from Thomas' bed and put away the pyjamas. It is very late now. I suggest you try getting some sleep. Thomas was about to protest, but found that a yawn stifled any objection that he was going to make.
We will speak again in the morning. Sammuel smiled and swept out of the room, leaving a tired Thomas with a lot to think about. He had finally found him. Sammuel Kindercook. He couldn't wait to tell his grandfather. 
CHAPTER 36
IN THE SPIRIT OF THE SEASON
Winter had finally arrived in full fury while Thomas had been asleep. A thick carpet of snow blanketed the entire city. Thomas stood in the window casually gazing out at the white spectacle, his first real look at Westminster. From his vantage point, he could see at least half of the city, and it was enormous. BlueShift paled in comparison to the raw vastness of Westminster.
The snow really was quite beautiful. Thomas thought of the winters he had been through back home. He remembered his grandfather pulling him on a sled through the snow, building snowmen, sliding down crazy hills, and generally freezing his behind off. He wondered if the people of this world did any such things. Suddenly he wished Alanna were with him. He would have liked to have shared this beautiful morning with her. But thinking of her always ended in conflicted feelings. He couldn't be sure that she really even liked him anymore. What he had learned about the journal had hurt more than he cared to admit. The possibility that she was only interested in him because of a magical book made it possible that she may not like him any more than she did when she first met him. The thought made Thomas involuntarily shudder. Still, it didn't really matter. Thomas had to rescue Alanna, whether or not she liked him, he had been in love with her since the first moment he had laid eyes on her.
Thomas wandered back to his bed and pulled the contents of his pack out. He selected a good warm set of clothing, and changed out of the pink pyjamas for the first time in two days. The moment of truth was upon him. What sort of spell should he try?
Thomas clasped his fingers together and flexed them backwards. He stretched a little and shook the cobwebs out of his head. All the thoughts of winter had brought back the one thing that he missed this time of year. 
Thomas smiled. 
Deck this city with boughs of holly,
give it lights to make it jolly.
A collective wave of cries of surprise rose from the streets bellow as lights and holly garlands exploded over storefronts and houses across the city. All of Westminster was lit up with the glow of coloured lights on white snow.
Thomas didn't get much time to appreciate his work. He swayed and the room started to go dark. Pinpricks of light danced across his vision as he fumbled to grasp for something to keep himself from falling over. He hit the floor hard on his backside and felt a wave of dizziness and nausea overwhelm him. He slumped over and held his head desperately trying to keep the room from spinning. Everything seemed to be rolling to the right.
A loud knock came at the door. Thomas fought for control of his nausea long enough to answer.
Come in. It was all that he could manage.
Sammuel entered in a quick flourish and raced to Thomas side immediately.
Oh dear. You don't look well. 
Thomas felt very weak, but his dizziness was passing at least, and the nausea was settling as well. I'm alright. I've been worse. 
Sammuel's expression grew grave as he looked out at the city. I thought it might have been you. He shook his head and whistled silently under his breath. Do you know how dangerous what you just did was?
Thomas looked a little confused. He knew how bad what he just did made him feel, but dangerous?
By now, you must realize that what you cast, and how much you cast is directly linked to how depleted you feel afterwards. 
Thomas just nodded. That was the first real life lesson in wizardry that he had learned. It didn't take long to notice the effects spell casting had on the caster.
There are limits to what you can do Thomas. The larger the spell the more it draws on your own personal power. If you draw too much, it will kill you.
Thomas had assumed that it was possible to cast yourself into a coma, but he hadn't considered the possibility of death.
Sammuel continued to look out the window at the decorations twinkling below.
You just cast a spell that affects an entire city. A very large city. From my experience and years of training wizards, I can tell you honestly that what you just did, should have killed you.
Thomas felt a stab of cold run through him that had nothing to do with the season.
I see now why Victor has taken an interest in you. A wizard that can cast spells of that magnitude is unheard of. He will have to face you eventually, but I'm guessing he will confront you once he has dealt with the rest of us. a look of silent contemplation slowly dissolved from Sammuel's face. 
I believe it's time to show you around Westminster! Sammuel's tone was suddenly jovial and full of energy.
The common room is just downstairs from here as you exit the bed chamber. Meet me there in 15 minutes and we will visit the Wizard Academy together!
Thomas started to pack his belongings back into his bag when he noticed something he hadn't before. Sitting amongst his provisions was a small dark blue box with a hammered gold web-like lattice enveloping it. He carefully picked up the box and turned it over in his hand. Where had this come from? He knew it wasn't something that he had packed. Could Alanna have slipped this into his pack? Somehow he didn't think so. She would have just given it to him directly. On the front of the case was a tiny latch which sprang open as Thomas pushed on a small button. Inside the case was a small gold and jade pendant accompanied by a note:
Dearest Thomas;
This charm has been passed down through our family for generations. It should help protect you in the days to come. Please, wear it at all times.
That was it. No signatures, no marks of any type that would indicate who planted it in Thomas' pack. It must have been Alanna, but he couldn't help wondering why she didn't tell him about it. Why hide it? The other alternative was more frightening. Victor could have planted it while Thomas was asleep. Thomas considered the necklace for a while before putting it into his pocket to finish his cleaning.
***** 
Michael Lexton could have been plucked right out of an issue of Wizards Geeky Weekly. He had the round face and scrawny body. The large moon shaped eyes hid behind thick rimmed glasses that amplified the size of his already huge eyes. He had elephant ears and an overbite that would be the envy of any Saturday morning cartoon rabbit.
Michael is my apprentice. Sammuel was explaining. He runs things here at the Wizard's Academy these days. 
Michael was excitedly rubbing a blue substance off his hands, on to his oversized sparkling blue robe.
Pleased to meet you Thomas! Michael offered Thomas his now partially blue hand. Thomas apprehensively took it and shook.
Sammuel had been touring Thomas around the Academy all morning. He had to admit, it was quite an amazing building. It wasn't exactly what he would have pictured. Oh parts of it were what you might expect. The library was at least ten stories tall, and in the shape of a doughnut. The centre portion of the library was open from top story to the bottom, and gigantic vaulted windows collected light and illuminated the entire structure with strategically placed mirrors. The part of the building that threw Thomas off was the very well equipped gymnasium. It wasn't the sort of thing he would have expected in a Wizard's school. Sammuel had explained that he liked to keep a balance between bodily and mental fitness. 
There were no shortage of students at the academy. Sammuel introduced Thomas to everyone they came across as his long lost great nephew. Thomas still felt a little bit like an outsider peeking in. A thief in wizard's robes. From the very moment he appeared at the school, he felt like he was fumbling. The first person his uncle introduced him to made Thomas realize he still couldn't understand a thing native Alumians were saying. He wasn't wearing the pyjamas anymore, and he hadn't thought ahead to prepare for the tour. He had had to step away into a secluded area to cast a spell to compensate for the language barrier, and had ended up in what very likely was the girl's change room. A normal girl's change room would have been bad enough, but when the girls are wizards as well... Thomas began to understand the need for a gym. He bolted out of the room with a stream of half dressed girls running after him, very nearly got lost, and when he finally did find his way back to Sammuel, he made sure not to stray away again.
That was an amazing display of lights today Edric! I'm surprised you're still standing!
Oh that wasn't me. Edric gestured to Thomas. 
You did that?! Michael stood on the spot, agape in open amazement. Wow! You must be a very powerful wizard!
Thomas was about to argue when his uncle broke in.
I doubt he has an equal in this age. Sammuel gave Thomas a pat on the back and then proceeded to change the subject. 
Michael, I need you to assemble everyone in the great chamber. I have an announcement to make. Can you arrange for everyone to meet there within the hour?
Certainly Edric! with a hop in his step, Michael set off on his quest to round up all the wizards at Westminster Academy. 
Uncle Sammuel, why does everyone here call you Edric? Sammuel and Edric being the same person had nagged at him for a while. 
Well Thomas, I lost my previous life to this world. A persons name is a link to their identity that can be used and manipulated by competent wizards. To protect myself, I took the name of my first dog, Edric. Greenshoot was something I just thought up while I was walking along chewing on a shoot of sweet grass. You are the first to refer to me by my real name in close to 80 years.
You named yourself after your dog?
Sammuel chuckled, Yes, well, he was a very good dog.
Thomas and Sammuel's discussion was interrupted by a dark haired man running through the halls. Edric! The man slowed and desperately tried to catch his breath.
Ah Edric. There you are.
Thomas, this is Justin, my liaison for foreign affairs.
Edric! There's a party of dragons back at the castle, and they insist on seeing you.
That was faster than I had anticipated. Very well, bring them here. I have to meet with the guild anyway, and this concerns all. Sammuel waved Justin away.
Well it seems that things are in motion Thomas. Sammuel sighed. I am getting awfully old for this.
Sammuel looked at Thomas with his old weary eyes and seemed to be weighing him on his invisible scale before continuing.
Thomas? I may need your help with the dragons. I am going to have to play hardball with them. I need to ask you to trust me. Should things end up getting... out of control, I may need you to back me up. Can I count on you?
Thomas wasn't sure that he liked the thought of confronting dragons again, but he had met both Sammuel and Alkamire, and if he had to choose one to trust at this point, he would choose his great uncle.
I understand. 
Sammuel nodded, accepting this as an acquiescence to his request.
It didn't take long for Justin to return with a party of four dragons. Three of them he recognized from the battle between King Aqual and himself. One being Alkamire, the other two being the green dragon lord and the yellow dragon lord. The final individual wore a sour expression on his face. 
Alkamire approached Thomas and Sammuel with the grace that you would expect from the office of king. Edric. Thomas. 
Thomas nodded in Alkamire's direction.
Alkamire Aqual. It has been a very long time since you graced us with your presence. Sammuel nodded toward the other three in turn. Shannon, Liza... Sammuel paused ever so slightly as if the words started to sour on his tongue, ...Ganton.
Thomas started when he heard Ganton's name. This was 'the' Ganton? Gatsby's father? Thomas realized now that the sour look on Ganton's face hadn't been directed at Sammuel. In fact, it seemed that Ganton was focused solely on Thomas. 
Thomas has already briefed me on the situation. I have called the academy into attendance to make an announcement regarding the threat and how we should proceed to handle the situation. Sammuel motioned to the party of four Dragons. If you will follow me...
Sammuel lead them all to a small room just off the main corridor. As soon as Thomas, Sammuel, and the four dragon rulers entered the room, Sammuel threw his hand toward the door and it slammed shut. 
Thomas was dazed by the quick action by Sammuel.
While the four dragon lords were still stunned, Sammuel thrust his hands toward Alkamire. Green Lightening arced forth and slammed Alkamire against the far wall. The weaves of energy worked their way around Alkamire, rooting him to the spot.
Thomas' mouth dropped.
Edric! What is the meaning of this! demanded Alkamire. The other three dragons were clearly shocked, and had no time to react yet, but Thomas could see the look in Ganton's eyes. He wanted blood. 
Mystic powers, hear my plea, 
Wrapped in energy, hold these three.
Ganton was already reaching for something, the other two seemed to be trying to decide what was going on. An explosion of blue energy flew from Thomas' hands, sending out cords of lightening as thick as tree trunks. The three Dragons exchanged horrified looks. Ganton seethed.
A better questions, King Alkamire Aqual, would be, what exactly have you done to my nephew?!
Alkamire looked a little uncertain. What have I done to Thomas?!
Edric threw his arms to the opposite side of the room, and Alkamire went flying through the air, slamming against the opposite wall with an earth shattering crack. Do NOT play with me Alkamire. The Dragon Seal.
Alkamire's composure faltered. Thomas thought he caught Ganton grinning momentarily, but as quickly as he had caught the break in composure, it was gone again.
He chose the seal Edric.
Thomas couldn't believe what he was hearing. I chose it?!
You were given the choice. You didn't have to marry my daughter.
You didn't tell me that the seal would kill me Alkamire.
The king of the blue dragons shifted uncomfortably in his electrical bonds. 
The responsibility of being Alanna's husband, of protecting her and being a prince to the Throne of BlueShift, those were the responsibilities you preached about. The tattoo was just a part of a ceremony. A ceremony that you made sound routine.
The green and yellow dragon's seemed to be analyzing the situation. Ganton still looked angry, but his anger was still directly aimed at Thomas. 
Edric, I think you are making a bigger deal of this than...
Big deal?! You DARE to touch the nephew of the high wizard of Westminster with magic designed to kill? And you call this a small matter? 
Sammuel shook with rage. Thomas couldn't tell how much of this was an act, and how much was honest anger.
Alkamire considered these words silently for a time. Finally he spoke, not to Sammuel, but to Thomas. I may have overstepped my bounds Thomas, and for that I am truly sorry. But you have to know that I wouldn't have done this if I wasn't sure that you would be safe.
How can you say that? I have learned a few things about this tattoo since receiving it, and one of those things is the mortality rate of those who have received this in the past.
You don't understand Thomas. It wasn't my decision that you should get the Dragon Seal. The message that the oracle sent, part of the requirements of our survival pertained to you having the Dragon Tattoo.
Thomas was confused. What does the Dragon Tattoo have to do with anything?
I don't know. admitted Alkamire. But he was quite clear that if you didn't receive that seal, we were all doomed.
Are you kidding?! The oracle? That old fool is wrong more often than he's right. Why ever would you trust him?! Ganton had finally broken his silence.
The Oracle is more trustworthy than you Ganton. Sammuel's dislike of the red dragon leader was evident in his voice. Sammuel turned his attention back to Alkamire.
It's too late to change what has been done. Whether or not Thomas needed this seal was something that should have been discussed with Thomas, and honestly, what really worries me is that you are moving on your own, at your own whim...
It was NOT a whim! Alkamire's eyes narrowed in anger.
Sammuel considered his words for a moment and continued. Whim or not, this is something that, if it involves the world, needs to be discussed amongst everyone before a decision is made. It's not your place to make decisions that will affect the world.
I don't believe you understand the urgency Edric! The Storm Dragons are forming armies. Victor is on the move, and has kidnapped my daughter, and that is only what we know of. We don't have time to discuss things in committee, things need to be done now!
And if we move independently, do you really believe that we will stand a chance?
Alkamire grunted. No. That is why we are here.
Sammuel nodded. I believe an alliance is in the best interest of everyone, but we need to make decisions as a group. If I agree to this, it must be that everything is run through the group and we come to a consensus before acting. Any act that is done outside of group consensus would be considered an act of treachery and would result in the expulsion of that member. Would you be willing to accept this?
Alkamire's features were like rock, his expression unreadable until he finally let out a long breath and relaxed. The green and yellow dragon lord both bowed their heads in agreement while Ganton remained frozen.
Now, can I let you go? Sammuel nodded toward Thomas. Thomas relaxed and the energy dissipated between himself and the dragons.
Ganton sprung the instant that he was let go. Thomas was still dazed by the release of energy and moved sluggishly. Ganton charged across the room, drawing a knife as he did. Thomas tried to stumble out of the path of Ganton, but his legs weren't working too well after the spell that nearly knocked him out earlier in the morning. Ganton was just about upon Thomas, the knife angled wickedly down toward Thomas' chest like a snake about to strike when the thick arm of Alkamire shot out and grabbed Ganton from behind, preventing him from burying the knife in Thomas. 
Ganton! Alkamire looked furious. We came to initiate a treaty, not a war!
You're weak Alkamire! We don't need these wizards. Ganton spat as he said the word. 
If you are going to remain as part of the dragon collective, you are going to have to listen! Alkamire wrenched on the arm holding the knife, twisting it so hard that you could almost hear the sinew being stretched to its snapping point. Ganton's face was one of pure rage, but as quickly as he had attacked Thomas, he regained some composure.
As you wish, Alkamire.
Suddenly Thomas wasn't entirely sure how useful their dragon allies were going to be.
CHAPTER 37
JUDY
The day wore on into evening and a chill entered the air. Sammuel and the dragons were still in a committee with the rest of the Academy discussing the upcoming battle with Victor. Thomas had long ago sneaked out when it was apparent that the talk of battle tactics was going to linger well on into the evening. He sat alone in the cold on the steps of the wizard's school, dreamily staring at the Christmas lights in the blue hue of the evening glow. Snow had began to fall, and despite all that was going on around him, he was experiencing his first real feeling of calm.
Hiya!
Thomas looked up to see a girl standing just above him on the steps. 
You looked kinda lonely out here so I thought I would come and see if there was anything I could do for you!
The girl had blonde hair that almost reached her shoulder, but curled away as if avoiding contact with her clothes. She wore a grey hat that matched her coat and a red scarf that spilled out of the collar of her jacket. Her smile was sweet and sincere. Thomas thought she couldn't be all that much younger than him.
Hi... Thomas suddenly felt awkward. He was never very good at talking with girls.
My name's Judy. The girl spoke with confidence and held her hand out vigorously, in a manner that almost insisted that Thomas shake it.
Thomas. said Thomas clumsily taking her hand and giving it a shake.
Judy's eyes went wide. THE Thomas? Judy hopped down to the step beside Thomas and sat down right next to Thomas faster than Thomas could blink.
The Thomas that is responsible for this?! she waved emphatically toward the twinkling Christmas lights. Apparently news travelled fast in the Academy.
Um. Yes?
WOW! Judy's eyes bulged from her sockets and she clenched her hands into fists. Thomas thought if she put any more energy into her exclamation, her eyes might completely pop out of her head. 
I can't believe that I found you! My friends are simply not going to believe this.
Thomas really didn't know what to make of the situation. What was the big deal about a few Christmas lights. He supposed there were quite a few of them, but still... it was just lights.
It was just a few lights.... A few hundred thousand maybe? Thomas started to think of his view of the city earlier and started to try to estimate how many lights it might have been.
Just a few?! JUST a FEW?! Judy must have been part of a drama club at some point in her life, because every gesture she made seemed to be exaggerated to the point where it bordered on comical.
I would pass out if I tried to do a single block like you did. You did the entire city! I don't think there has been a wizard in thousands of years that could do what you did!
Thomas was taken a little aback. Was it really that significant? 
Judy jumped back as if lightning had struck her.
Oh! We have to battle!
Thomas was caught off guard. Fight? What do you mean?
A wizard's duel! Judy leaped up and yanked Thomas roughly to his feet.
Thomas rubbed his arm where Judy had yanked. I've never been in a wizard's duel before.
It's easy! Judy beamed. Thomas wondered what this girl ate.
What are the rules?
Don't kill each other. Judy smiled and started to pull him back toward The Academy. I'll tell you more when we get inside.
Hey wait! I'm not sure I want to... But Thomas didn't have a chance against a bounding Judy who was already pulling Thomas through the large glass double doors.
The room that Judy took Thomas to reminded him of a gymnasium. There was bleachers on opposite walls that looked every bit as uncomfortable as the ones back home. The floor was of highly polished wood planks, but the markings were completely different. Instead of what you would expect for basketball courts, there was one huge circle in the centre with three successively smaller circles inside. 
That's the wizard's circle. We both start in the outer circle. We get the entire circle to use and move around in. Should one of us get knocked out of the circle, we move in a ring. You then have to stay within the next innermost ring for the next round. This gives you less space to move around in, and less time to think of counters. If you end up in the inner most ring and get knocked out, you loose. Simple!
That's it?
Judy rolled her eyes up to the ceiling and uttered an exaggerated 'hmm'.
Oh yeah, no flying, and nothing that will hurt the other person, at least not seriously. Judy skipped across the wooden floor and stood on a dot opposite Thomas.
'Kay! Now you stand over there. 
Thomas stood on the opposing dot and waited for further instructions. Judy bowed deeply, came upright, took a deep breath and, without warning flung her arms out toward Thomas. Thomas totally unprepared was hit by a bolt of energy that sent him hurtling backwards out of the circle.
HEY! I wasn't ready!
Judy smiled wickedly. Too bad for you. One point for me! She almost squealed with delight with each word. Thomas, more shaken really than hurt pulled himself up and walked over to the dot in the next circle in. This time he would be prepared.
Judy bowed again and came up ready, but Thomas already had something in mind.
Waves of wood, hear my cry
Send this girl into the ....
Thomas didn't have a chance to finish his sentence as something hit him behind the knees, knocking him backwards while some other force started to roll him like a log in water, out of the circle.
Round two is mine! Judy jumped up and down with glee.
Thomas woozily picked himself up and weaved his way back to the next circle. Two down, two to go.
It seemed quite likely that Judy would attack again with some sort of force, so Thomas prepared himself for the first wave of the attack, hoping to get a chance to counter.
As predicted, Judy threw her arms toward Thomas and a giant net appeared, flying through the air. Thomas leaped to the side and onto the floor as the net sailed through the air where Thomas had stood.
That girl there! 
Light as air!
Judy started to walk toward Thomas, but was having problem finding traction.
Dog team stampeding like a bull...
Judy lifted her arm and a bolt seared across the ring toward Thomas. He was ready for this and jumped forward and tumbled. He silently thanked his third grade gym teacher.
From this ring Judy pull!
Thomas finished his spell and in a flash of light, a full team of huskies appeared, barking, and charging toward Judy. 
Judy screamed.
The dogs in pairs veered to either side of Judy, unfortunately, the harness between the dogs came straight down the middle. Judy, light as air, was tumbled off her feet like dandelion fluff and swept along with the dogs out of the ring. 
Aaaaaaaiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! Judy screamed at the top of her lungs.
HELP MEEEEEEEE!
Thomas felt bad for fetching yet another life form to this world. This started to raise questions in his mind about the origins of these creatures. Was he bringing them into existence, or was he stealing them away from somewhere else.
Fluffy white, grey and brown, 
It's time these huskies lie down.
One by one, the dogs slowed to a trot, then came to a stop and lay down on the spot. Thomas walked over to Judy. 
Judy lay sprawled between the dogs, tied up in the cords between the harnesses. She glared at Thomas as he approached. Well. That was a little... unorthodox. 
Thomas smiled nervously and reached back behind his neck and scratched nervously. Sorry, it was all I could think of.
Judy offered her hand to Thomas. Thomas took it, and yanked hard to help her up. He had been calculating that she would weigh a fair amount more than she did, and instead of helping her to her feet, he helped her sail high into the air and across the room. Had this been a normal gymnasium, like the ones back home, she probably could have caught onto a banner, or a passing basketball hoop. However, since this was not a gymnasium, there was nothing to grab onto, and Judy slammed against the opposing wall with a resounding slap. Thomas winced. 
It took a few moments for Judy to return to the ground, and when she did, she turned, carefully, to face Thomas. Gone was Judy's perky disposition. A deep, angry frown had creased her face in ways that made her nearly unrecognizable from the girl he had met on the steps.
I don't know if you are doing this on purpose or not, but it's not funny. Judy tried to take a step toward Thomas, but was still having issue finding enough traction to make any headway. 
Let me help you with that. Thomas was about to cast a spell, when Judy shot her hand out to stop him, sending her skipping a few steps back.
I think it would be safer if I handled this. With my luck I will end up a thousand stone weight on the floor. 
Judy closed her eyes and waved her arms around, and a magical blue shower of sparks rained down on her. She opened her eyes and smiled.
So you are back to your normal weight? 
Give or take. Judy smiled. Then she took on a thoughtful poise, Maybe take more than give. She giggled a little, completely losing her momentary air of irritation.
Judy walked over to the bleachers and sat down. Thomas decided that the match was over. Although there was no declared winner, he couldn't help to think that he had lost it somehow. Thomas took a seat beside Judy and the two of them just sat there in silence for several moments. 
Do you always do that? 
Hm?
Judy turned toward Thomas. Do you always need to make a rhyme whenever casting a spell?
Thomas nodded. I think so. I can't do what you do. Just point at something and it happens.
That puts you at a bit of a disadvantage. I could have finished three spells while you are just finishing one.
Thomas just nodded. What could he say? It was true.
And if you can't find the words?
Then nothing happens.
Judy whistled through her teeth. I wouldn't want to be you.
Thomas frowned. What do you mean?
Judy shrugged in her usual theatrical manner. With all the wizards going to war, and you the only wizard who needs to create poems in order to cast, you better find someone to hide behind.
Thomas felt sick all of a sudden. To this point he had been fighting mostly creatures who, while magical, didn't have the ability to cast spells. If he were to go up against a real wizard... Thomas shivered.
Although, your spells are cool. Judy looked over toward the sleeping husky team. They don't dissipate. 
What do you mean? Thomas gave Judy a curious look.
You're the first wizard I have met, that can cast permanent spells on the fly. Most wizards need to enchant objects to have lasting effects, and those objects are costly, so it's not done very often.
Thomas would have to think about the implications of that. Maybe there was some way he could use that to his advantage. 
Judy sprang up and pulled Thomas to his feet. So Thomas. Where are you staying?
With my uncle. I am just waiting for him to get out of the meeting.
Judy beamed with excitement, Why don't you come and stay at my place? 
Uh... I... I ... I am engaged? Thomas stammered not really knowing what Judy's intentions were.
I wasn't asking you to be my boyfriend silly. I just thought I could get to know more about you! It's not everyday you meet a wizard from another dimension. Maybe we can work on your spell casting!!
Thomas considered this. It would be nice to have another wizard, one who knew what they were doing, help him with spell casting.
I would have to let my uncle know where I am.
Judy yanked Thomas toward the door without warning and marched off into the academy. Don't worry about that. I will leave word with the guards at the door to inform him!
Thomas whistled for the dog team as they left the wizard's arena. The dogs pulled the sled awkwardly behind them as they too, left the building. 
Outside it was snowing more heavily than ever. It had collected like soft ice cream, over the rooftops and bushes. The Christmas lighting gave a multicoloured glow to the town, and coupled with the candle and wood fire light emanating from the houses and shops on the street, it cast its own spell of calm over the area. Despite being quite late into the evening, many couples were out strolling the street, arm in arm, admiring the lighting. Children played in the snow, making forts and throwing snow balls. For a moment, Thomas could almost believe he was home again. 
The dogs pulled their sled down the steps and waited at the bottom expectantly.
Thomas smiled. He had never had a dog sled ride before! He turned to Judy. 
Come on! It was Thomas' turn to pull Judy by the hand. Thomas dragged her down to the cart and invited her to step onto the sled.
Judy gave the sled an uneasy look. 
Don't worry about it! It'll be fun! 
The sled looked as though it would just be large enough to fit the two of them. There was a strong team of ten dogs, and they seemed to be in good spirits. 
Thomas and Judy stepped up onto the sled. It shifted under their weight. The dogs looked back at Thomas still waiting for something. Thomas really had no idea how to run a dog team. He had seen movies where the musher on the sled seemed to yell at the dogs, but he really didn't know how that worked. Judy lifted an eyebrow as if to say, 'so?'
Husky team please take this sleigh
Pull us now along this way,
Into the snowy night,
Along the path of coloured light,
Move along at a steady pace,
Take us back to Judy's place.
You would be all kinds of dead if you tried to cast that one in battle. Judy smirked. Thomas laughed at himself. The dog team, sleigh in tow, moved through the silent glistening streets of snow and off into the night, and for once, Thomas let himself just live in the moment.
CHAPTER 38
FORCES GATHER
Knock, knock knock.
The sound of someone at the door seemed to echo in synch with the pounding in Thomas' head. Judy and Thomas had stayed up a great deal of the night before, talking about spell casting, wizardry and about her life at the Academy. Judy had no parents, and lived in a home next to Sammuel's palace. Sammuel had been looking after Judy for most of her life, and considered her to be his daughter. 
Knock, Knock, Knock!
The knocking was growing more insistent now. Thomas blearily made his way from the guest room, to the front door. Judy had stayed up longer than he. She had needed to do a few chores, and he had been quite tired. 
Thomas opened the door a crack to look outside. His uncle stood in the doorway looking a little dishevelled and quite distraught.
Thomas! Good, you are here. Sammuel pushed his way past the door and into the main room. Where is Judy? 
I think she's still asleep upstairs. What's the matter?
Those damn dragons is what's the matter. Sammuel crossed the room and grabbed Thomas' coat and threw it at him. Get that on quickly. We will need to get moving soon.
I don't understand uncle. What happened?
Sammuel took a deep breath and let it out. Alright. As you know, last night I met with the dragon lords and the wizard academy. We decided that we would start out in a week's time, once we had the forces rallied. Ganton was resistant, but finally agreed to this. Sammuel stepped to the bottom of the stairs. 
JUDY! GET UP! We have to get going!
So we are going to attack in a week's time.
Sammuel looked exasperated. We were going to attack in a weeks time. When I got up this morning, I was informed that Ganton had left the dragon camp outside the city, and was heading for Mount Rift. Sammuel went on gathering Thomas' belongings. He left a note. He said that it was foolish to wait, the red dragon would go on ahead to battle. If we wanted to be a part of it, we should meet him at Vadric's gate, a rock formation before the passage up to Mount Rift. Sammuel seemed to be worked into a frenzy. He continued to holler up to Judy. Get up Judy! A muffled voice came from the top of the staircase. 
Just a few more minutes!
Nice girl, but not really a morning person. 
Thomas didn't see the issue. He didn't like Ganton all that much to begin with. If he wanted to throw himself at Victor first, then that shouldn't be an issue. 
So you are going to move everyone because Ganton is jumping the gun? It seems to me if he is that foolish you should just let him go.
It's not that simple Thomas. Victor isn't expecting a preemptive strike. If Ganton goes on his own now, he will blow the element of surprise as well as severely lessen the effect of our invading forces. As much as I hate Ganton, we need him in order to make a successful assault on the fortress.
Thomas sighed.
Make sure Judy gets ready, meet me at the main gate. I have yet to rouse the armies and wizard's guild. Sammuel swept out of the place as fast as he had arrived, leaving Thomas feeling completely unprepared. Thomas walked to the room where he had stayed and started to pick up the brightly coloured rocks that lay there. He hoped that they would be enough.
The snow had stopped early in the morning and the sky had opened up into a deep blue. Crystals of snow sparkled in the early morning sun like diamonds. It was an odd contrast to the near thirty thousand dragon and wizard warriors gathered in the open plane outside of Westminster. Waggons trundled through the snow carrying the giant war harnesses of the dragon warriors. The harnesses which had not been worn by any dragon in living memory, shone like the sun against the snow. Age had not touched these pieces of magical protection. They looked every bit as majestic as the day they were first created. Thomas almost could hear Alanna's grunt of disapproval in his head.
Thomas and Judy pulled into the camp on the dog sled that Thomas had summoned the night before. The team was proving to be quite useful, but Thomas knew it was only a matter of time before he should send them back. Judy had been quite hard to get going as it turned out. She didn't really realize the enormity of the situation at hand. 
Carts and waggons of all sizes circled the outer perimeter of the plain, carrying more provisions than the army would need to get through a month. Thomas had never seen anything like it before. Just how long were they going to be at this for?
Sammuel stood at the crest of the plateau directing the newcomers to their respective groups. He looked quite tired and deeply troubled. 
Thomas! Judy. It's good that you are here. We are going to need to pull out shortly if we have any chance of getting to the pass before nightfall.
Thomas' eyes were still boggling at the gathering of dragons and wizards. There must be thousands here. Tens of thousands!
Sammuel regarded Thomas with a sullen look. As many as it seems we have gathered, what we will face will likely make our force look like a drop of ink in a bucket of water. We must keep the element of surprise. Sammuel turned to point over in the distance. I believe there is a rather gruff older dragon who is looking for you over there.
Thomas peered through the crowd. The man that Sammuel was pointing out would have stood out in an army of a million soldiers. 
Tretchbolt! Thomas yelled at the top of his lungs. 
Tretchbolt immediately turned in Thomas direction and gave him a grim smile. Thomas bolted over to him, slipping in the snow several times before standing before the old warrior dragon. Tretchbolt looked serious, but none the worse for wear. As one of the few gathered who had experienced war first hand, he had the air of experience that the majority of those gathered here lacked. 
I see you didn't get yourself killed. Tretchbolt opened the conversation with his usual knack for etiquette.
I haven't been in any real danger since you tried to show me how to use a sword. Thomas replied wryly.
Tretchbolt just grunted. Who's that? Tretchbolt was nodding in the direction of Judy who was picking her way carefully through the crowd and across the snow. Judy was trying her best to make sure her dress wasn't getting ruined, but was largely unsuccessful. She still hadn't quite got it through her mind that she was going into battle, not to a ball. 
That's Judy. She's a wizard in the care of my uncle, and a new friend of mine.
Tretchbolt smiled. You better keep her away from Alanna. She doesn't handle jealousy well I hear.
Thomas had to admit that Judy was quite beautiful, and quite fun to be with, but Thomas' heart had only room for one girl, and that was Alanna. 
As soon as it was clear that everyone that was going to arrive, had, Sammuel organized the army into a march. 
 Off in the distance, Mount rift loomed, the top hidden in dark ominous clouds that flashed with the occasional electrical charge. To the eye, it was one large group of humans marching through the new thick snow. Not a single Dragon took its natural form during the march, undoubtedly saving their energy for the task ahead. Thomas was thankful for more than the first time that day that he had the dog team with him. They made it easy to keep up with the crowd. Trudging through the deep snow seemed to be slowing the dragons, and it was clear that the wizards were not used to such an arduous trek. By the time that they finally arrived at the pass, Most of the humans looked ready to drop, and even the dragons showed some signs of exhaustion. The only two that Thomas noticed to look unaffected, were Alkamire and Tretchbolt. To look at the two, you would swear it had been a mere stroll around the park. 
The Red Dragon had already set up camp at the foot of the mountain. At least twenty thousand Ganton Dragons were already practising for the battle ahead. The sounds of metal on metal rang out across the field. Alkamire and Sammuel immediately set off across the encampment to have a word with Ganton. Thomas couldn't help but wonder that the noise the red dragon's made would draw the attention of Victor, however they seemed oblivious to the threat. 
The ambient noise of thousands of troops setting up camp and unloading provisions blotted out any sounds of nature around. Thomas and Judy sought a corner near the fire that was at least far enough away from the commotion that they could hear each other speak.
Judy dropped down on the log and stared off in to the fire for a while. Thomas found the flames dancing on the logs hypnotizing. Every so often a spot of pitch in the branches would explode and hail down sparks that drifted to the ground like snow flakes. The warmth of the fire fought off the bitter cold of the now rapidly approaching night. A good half hour passed with them just sitting on the log, not talking about anything of real interest. The camp started to take shape. Long rows of giant tables, stacked with food of all sorts stretched off into the distance throughout the camp. There were thousands to feed, but even then, Thomas didn't see how they were going to even scratch the surface of all the food. 
Thomas? Judy seemed to break out of the fire's trance for a moment.
Mmm? 
Have you figured out a way to get around casting without speaking?
Thomas and Judy had spent the previous night practicing casting spells on the fly, much to the misfortune of Judy's cat. At first it was a surprise to see a cat in this world, but when he heard it had been a gift from Sammuel, it made more sense. Thomas and Judy had spent hours changing the colour of the cat's fur, giving it bigger ears, a longer tail, making it faster, slower, invisible. The list wore on with the night. The cat was going bonkers by the end of it all, and Thomas finished up by returning it to its normal state, but Thomas was unable to break the need for casting in rhyme. He had tried to cast silently, reciting rhymes in his mind. He had tried single line commands, nothing had worked. 
Thomas shook his head. I don't think that it's possible for me to cast that way. 
Judy gave Thomas a pat on the back. Don't worry. I'll watch over you.
Thomas laughed. It was nice to have someone to talk to amongst the chaos and impending battle that loomed ahead. Thomas had learned a lot from Judy. He now knew it was impossible to block someone's ability to cast spells. It was not possible to interfere with their own magical abilities in the slightest. Judy had got Thomas to test it, hoping that he might be different, being from another world. Thomas couldn't believe that Judy had wanted Thomas to do such a thing. It seems she trusted him to give her powers back if anything went wrong. She trusted him more than he trusted himself!
I think that I might have figured out a way to get around it however.
Judy looked at Thomas with interest.
Thomas brought a small bag of stones out of his backpack and placed them in Judy's hands. Judy opened the bag and examined the brightly coloured stones inside.
What do these do? 
They're enchanted stones. If they work right, they will activate when I throw them, casting various spells. I figured there may come a time when I need a quick spell, so I colour coded these according to the spell I put on them.
That sounds great! If I were you I would have made more though.
Thomas took the bag back and carefully tucked it away into his backpack. I was quite tired after just doing those ones. It uses a fair bit of my power to enchant one of these.
Still, it's quite clever. There aren't many people who can enchant objects. One is a challenge. A bag like that would have taken even powerful wizards quite a while. You should be happy!
Judy always seemed to be happy. She shifted a little on the log and stared down at her feet.
Alanna's quite lucky. 
Thomas felt a surge run through him at the comment. 
If you weren't already seeing her, I might ask you out.
uh... Thomas was his usual articulate self.
Judy laughed at Thomas' expression. 
Don't worry silly. I'm not going to try to swoop in and take you away. I'm just saying, you are a unique person, and I can see why she likes you. Judy leaned over quickly and gave Thomas a kiss on the cheek. 
For luck. 
With that Judy bounded up from the campfire. I'm off to see how Edric's doing! 
Thomas just sat stunned by the fire. Suddenly life seemed even more complicated if that were at all possible. 
*****
The old, normally dark, castle was lit up like a lantern. Armies of Ganton and Storm Dragon worked on their armour for the upcoming battle. Mountain ogres, ferocious ugly brutes with large stringy muscles, packed their boulders to the edge of the cliff, overlooking the road up the mountain. The Shadow lingered at the edge of the courtyard watching the events unfold.
Alanna sat shivering in the dark. Her cell at the uppermost level of the main tower, overlooked the gateway into the fortress. The shivering had only a little to do with the cold. She had watched Victor preparing his forces for the past few days, and knew what lay in wait for the army that approached. They were walking into a trap, and there was no way for Alanna to warn them about it.
Gatsby sat beyond the bars of her cell, silently watching her as he had the past few days. Alanna had pleaded with him, but to no avail. Gatsby just sat silently, not saying a word during the entire time that they had been there.
A lot of those people coming up here are your friends. I can't understand how you can do this! Still no response. Alanna didn't know why she kept trying to reach him. What about Thomas?
For the first time since she was thrown in here by Gatsby, she saw a twinge in his normally stone faced expression. Thomas is your friend too.
Gatsby snarled. Alanna pressed on. What happened between us isn't his fault.
Gatsby finally broke the silence. No. It's my fault for trusting him.
What are you talking about? What did Thomas do to you?
You know very well what he did! Gatsby stood up stiffly from the chair he had been sitting in. If he hadn't come along, I would have...
You would have what? Hid from me for another thousand years? Face it. We were never destined to be together. 
Gatsby wore a troubled expression. Alanna could sense the conflict inside of him. You don't want to do this. I know you better than this. You aren't at all like your father.
What do you know about my father?
Alanna approached the bars and reached a hand through to Gatsby. I know that your father treated you brutally as a child. I know that he never agreed with the path that you chose in life. It hurts me more than anything to see you try to follow in his footsteps now. This isn't who you are.
Gatsby shook his head. No. That's not true. I ran from my responsibilities as a lord of the Ganton Dragons. I should have been there to marry you when I had the chance. The Alkamire Dragons betrayed the Ganton Dragons.
Who is leading who into a trap? 
Gatsby spat. I don't want to talk about this anymore. With that, the young brooding Red Dragon sat back down on the chair and sulked.
Alanna sighed and walked back over toward the window that overlooked the mountain trail and prayed for a miracle.
*****
It wasn't long after Judy had skipped away that Thomas discovered what all the food was for. Wave after wave of dragons transformed into their natural form and approached the giant tables with ferocious appetites. It was hard to watch Dragons eating in this way, and Thomas found himself turned around, looking the other way. That is why Thomas gave a start when the hand came down on his shoulder.
You look a little miserable all by yourself here. Tretchbolt had not engaged in the festivities yet, and was still in human form. 
I would have thought you would be joining in too.
Tretchbolt gazed off at the feeding frenzy and sighed.
Not the noblest of sights. Still I will have no choice if I want to be of any use tomorrow. It can wait. There is enough even with this big lot. Tretchbolt turned back to Thomas, reached for his waist, and drew out a wicked looking dagger.
I wanted to give you this. It's an enchanted dagger. It will fly true to whatever target you choose. I hoped it might give you a bit of an edge, no humour intended.
Thomas took the dagger gingerly from Tretchbolt and examined it carefully. The blade was incredibly sharp, and curvy, like the metal was riding on waves when it was formed. It was a dark black, and one solid piece from tip to hilt. There were a few green gemstones inlaid in the handle, but for the most part, the dagger looked plain. Plain, but deadly.
Thank you. 
Tretchbolt just shrugged and harrumphed. 
Well, That's about all that I wanted to give you. Tretchbolt turned back to the tables. I guess I really should be going. It looks like the reds are hungrier than I thought.
Thomas watched Tretchbolt as he made his way over to the tables. He was truly alone again. Tretchbolt was busy preparing, Sammuel and Judy were presumably somewhere with the lords preparing an attack strategy and Gatsby... where was Gatsby? Surely he would want to save Alanna as much as Thomas did. He felt a stab of panic overwhelm him as the thought of Alanna came to him. Not for the first time he squelched it by thinking of something else. The possibility of going home seemed to be much closer now. That brought a different sort of melancholy on. These people had become his family over the course of the last couple of months, and now he was poised to leave them all behind. Again the thought of Alanna invaded his thoughts. It was impossible now to keep her out of his heart. So close, but so far away. Thomas wondered what she was doing this moment. Absentmindedly, Thomas ran his hand along the Dragon Seal and daydreamed of his past adventures with the princess of the Blue Dragons.
*****
Victor stood at the top of the fortified wall, drinking in the sharp chill of the night. Letting it set into his bones and fester there. He savoured the pain as one might savour a fine delicacy. The feeling reminded him that he was still alive, when so very little else seemed to touch him anymore.
The large looking glass stood at the top of the wall, pointed down toward the base of the mountain. While out of sight from his vantage point, the glow of the fires below lit up the clouds in the sky. They would be here in the morning, and he would be ready for them. Victor cackled. The fools really had no idea what they were getting themselves into.
Shadow! The Shadow was lounging along the shadier parts of the wall, waiting for the inevitable command from his master. I have one more job for you to do.
CHAPTER 39
BATTLE
The dark and ominous storm clouds looming overhead reflected the mood of the camp in the faces of the warriors preparing for the coming fight. Such a battle had not been fought in thousands of years, and now, in the snow, in the dead of winter, another army was preparing to storm a fortress that had been stormed hundreds of times over countless thousands of years.
Thomas Kindercook stood on a rise just below the pass, staring up into the thunderous clouds trying to steel himself to the task at hand. In the distance behind him, ranks of dragons formed, in full battle gear, ready for the march up the mountainside. Thomas, who had led a very quiet life until being whisked away to this world, had never been part of a battle. He had never even been part of a fight. He spent most of his days reading in the shade of the tree in his grandfather's back yard, or exploring the storage spaces in the old house they lived in. That life seemed so far away now. What lay before him was one of the most unique sights that he had ever seen. Wizards mounting the ancient armour harness of the dragon warriors. The harnesses were built with seats that fastened the rider securely to the dragon, this however meant, should the dragon go down, the rider was doomed to the same fate.
It's time Thomas. 
Thomas looked up at the gigantic ancient warrior in admiration. Tretchbolt was really a sight in his natural form. The scars of ancient battles crisscrossed his body. Today, the usual tone of mockery or disinterest seemed absent. Tretchbolt seemed focused and purposeful. 
Tretch, if anything should happen to me... could you make sure my journal gets to my grandfather. I'm not sure how, but he has to know what happened.
Tretchbolt nodded in acquiescence, both of them knowing that should something happen, there was no way that word would ever reach his grandfather. It was a silly request really, but a little hope was better than none.
Thomas climbed up on the giant mount and Tretchbolt moved himself to the front of the division. He was to lead the Blue Dragons in battle, being one of the only dragons alive to see battle in his lifetime. Sammuel had chosen to stay with Alkamire, and Judy was riding a Blue Dragon that looked oddly familiar. The wizards had chosen to pair up with the Blue and Green Dragons mainly. Given the electric nature of the Yellows, and the generally bad reputation of the Reds, those dragons remained mainly riderless.
The decision to march up the mountain rather than fly had been made by Ganton and Sammuel. In order to keep the element of surprise, the force was going to stay as close to the mountain as possible, and not launch the attack until the last minute possible. 
Mount Rift, which was always swathed in cloud and storms, was at its worst the day the Dragon Army mounted its attack. The clouds had grown angry, and the wind had picked up to the point where, if not for the secure harnesses of the dragons, wizards would be blown all over the place. The bitter cold wind, and now biting snow cut into Thomas' skin as he hunched low in the saddle, trying to shield himself from the elements. His line was near the front. Sammuel led the way, and Judy was just behind him. He knew if anyone were to yell a command now, it would be lost in the howl of the horrible wind. The march up the mountainside was gruelling, and aside from the wind, silent. It had given Thomas time to think. There was something off about this. Thomas couldn't quite put his finger on it, but he wondered if the others could sense it too. Close to fifty-thousand dragons marching up a mountainside. Even hidden, he couldn't imagine that no one from the castle had noticed yet. The hillside remained silent however. No signs of life disturbed their march forward. 
It was halfway into the day when the call from the rear came. The Red's wished to stop for a rest. Thomas guessed he really couldn't blame them. It had been a miserable march up, and he hadn't had to experience any of it. 
The mountain road had opened into a large plateau which would accommodate most of the dragons. Steep cliff walls climbed hundreds of feet up above their heads. The plateau looked as if it had been excavated out of the side of the mountain, leaving a level plain with steep walls surrounding it, leaving the impression that they were sitting in a stone jar, or a giant tomb cut into the stone of the cliff. Thomas shuddered. That gnawing feeling was eating away at him again. Something about this wasn't right. He was sure about it. He examined the tops of the cliff surrounding the plateau, but it was impossible to make out anything through the storm. That's when something did catch is eye. A flash! Something reflective had by chance caught light from somewhere Overhead. Oh no!
Everything happened at once. Thomas screamed Ambush! at the same time the cliff above exploded in a hail of boulders. Tretchbolt reared back and avoided the falling boulders with reflexes honed over centuries. From behind came the command to attack. At first this confused Thomas. He couldn't see the enemy, but horror and realization set in quickly as he looked back to see the Red Dragons taking out the surprised Yellow Dragons in quick succession. Thomas cursed, it had all been a trap. Ganton was working against them. 
GANNTTON!!! There was no mistaking the challenge in Tretchbolt's voice, but before he had a chance to do anything, a loud blast from something that sounded like a tuba, reverberated off the walls of the hollowed out cliff. There was no mistake, the sound had come from amongst the ranks of Red Dragons. Thomas turned toward the noise, and saw to his horror, the largest force of dragons that Thomas had ever seen before. Through the blizzard of white, a storm of Black Dragons were swooping in. A vast sea of creatures that dwarfed the forces of the Blue, Yellow and Green Dragons. Behind the Storm Dragons flew a division of Red that easily paralleled the size of the group that had betrayed them. They were horribly outnumbered and in one of the worst positions they could possibly be in. Thomas had to do something.
Tretchbolt danced around boulders as they dropped out of the sky. Thomas watched as other dragons flew at the advancing forces, only to be brought down moment's later by unseen bolts of lightning coming from the heavens. Victor. That could be the only answer.
Thomas, trying to keep his wits, yelled out in a voice as loud as he could make it.
Shield of ice that's diamond-like,
Protect us from the enemy's strike.
A surge of almost invisible blue energy exploded forth from Thomas. Thomas swayed in the saddle fighting off the pin pricks dancing in front of him. The blue energy expanded overhead creating a barrier between the oncoming dragons forces and boulders, and the tangle of dragons and wizards beneath. The first wave of dragons to fly into the shield were the Storm Dragons, which hit with a resounding crack, and bounced harmlessly off. Boulders slid across the frictionless surface and down the side of the mountain. The Storm and Ganton Dragons trapped on the other side of the barrier started to breath fire and bolts of energy at the shield doing everything in their power to bring it down. Thomas could feel the shield drawing on his energy. 
I don't know how long I can keep this up Tretch!
Tretchbolt peered back at Thomas who slumped back in the saddle. The battle still ensued inside of the barrier. Red Dragons that had betrayed the party had been cut off from the surprise attack forces, and were waging battle with Sammuel's army. Wizards hurtled bolts, threw piles of rock and heaved the ground under the Red's feet.
Tretchbolt charged across to Sammuel and Alkamire, Just avoiding the searing flames of a Red Dragon as they leaped into the fray.
Sammuel. Alkamire. The shield is not going to hold for long. Tretchbolt kept things simple, time was of the essence. Thomas knew he had a few more minutes at best. The dragons outside were pounding the shield, and the weaker the shield grew, the more it would draw on Thomas' energy.
Thomas, get down. I will protect you. Alkamire drew in front of Tretchbolt while Thomas slid down, careful to stay close to Alkamire in the stampede of dragons now fighting the surge of Reds still in the shield. Tretchbolt. I want you to take command of the forces at the front line against the Reds. The moment the shield drops, make the push to put those dragons over the edge. We may be trapped, but we have the mountain to our back. Do everything you can to make sure they don't come back up again. Tretchbolt charged toward the front only stopping briefly to nod toward Thomas.
Thomas was feeling woozy, but he was still holding on to the shield above, if only barely. As if the forces outside could sense the weakening barrier, they had picked up the attack and were hurtling everything that they could at it. Thomas wasn't sure how long it would be before he passed out, but he planned to keep it up for as long as he could.
Thomas had his eyes closed when something grabbed his shoulder. He jumped almost dropping the shield. There beside him, stood Judy. She once again grabbed his shoulder and closed her eyes. A cold shock ran over Thomas, rejuvenating him. He could feel energy flowing back into his body, and with it the shield strengthened against the bombardment. 
Judy! What are you doing here?
Judy smiled at Thomas, now quite tired herself. I told you I would protect you. Thomas felt overwhelmed with gratitude. Suddenly it seemed possible they may make it through this.
It looked very much like they were going to persevere through the first wave. Most of the Reds lay fallen on the plateau, one small group was being driven toward the edge of the barrier, pressed by Tretchbolt and his forces, another small group.... was charging toward Thomas!
*****
Ganton Blackrock was roaring like a lion gone mad. He realized the source of the barrier the moment it had gone up. The blasted human Thomas had done this to him! He wasn't going to let that snivelling tiny human ruin this day for him. Then he saw Thomas, standing beside another pitiful wizard. Alkamire was there as well, but his back was turned. The opportunity was perfect. Ganton charged, letting go of the largest bolt of fire he had ever summoned.
*****
Thomas didn't have time to react. He saw the searing bolt coming toward him, but between the shield draining him, and the events leading to the battle, his reflexes were sluggish. 
Crack! 
It felt like a car had hit Thomas. He went flying sideways, desperately trying to hold on to consciousness. The shield overhead wavered dangerously. Thomas looked back to where he had been standing as he flew through the air. It had been Judy that hit him with the wall of energy. He watched in horror as the blast of fire intended for Thomas slammed into Judy sending her flying across the opening and rammed her into a rock wall. Thomas landed in a heap in the snow. Alive, but sore. Judy had saved his life as she had promised. 
It took several moments for the reality of what had just happened to sink in. The battle around him was still being fought, but Thomas just sat there stunned. Watching as if inside a dream the form of Ganton come around the bodies of dragons in search of his prey. Anger. White hot anger boiled inside of Thomas. He pulled himself to his feet. He moved as if controlled by an unseen force. Reaching inside of the small bag strung to his side, Thomas pulled out two yellow stones and charged, screaming, toward Ganton.
Ganton smiled wickedly as Thomas raced toward him. 
You are a fool, little wizard. 
Ganton Blasted bolts of red hot flame at Thomas. Thomas tumbled and jumped avoiding the blasts by seconds each time. He grew closer and closer to Ganton. Ganton grew more frustrated with each miss. He drew his head back and opened wide to draw in a very large breath. This was the opportunity that Thomas had waited for. He took the two yellow stones and threw them as hard as he could into the mouth of Ganton who was still gathering his breath. The stones found their way into Ganton's throat and Ganton started to choke.
Above the dark clouds swirled and two bolt's of lightning, thick as trees, ripped up from the earth, straight through Ganton and up to the sky. As the bolts flew upward, they expanded obliterating the shield, and cutting a swath through the Storm and Red Dragons on the outside, utterly vaporizing Ganton where he stood. Thomas stared in disbelief, it had happened so quickly that his brain was still a few steps behind. A pile of ash was all that remained of Ganton, King of the Reds.
Judy!
Thomas broke into a run toward the cliff face where Judy had been thrown. It was clear long before Thomas reached Judy that it wasn't good. She lay slouched against the stone wall, unmoving. Carefully taking her in his arms, and laying her down, Thomas checked for any signs of life. 
Nothing. 
Choking back tears Thomas cast spell after spell, trying everything he could. This couldn't be it! He was oblivious to the battle raging around him. The cry to arms, the fight against the now descending Storm Dragons, none of it seemed to matter. Once again, Judy had shown him yet another limitation to his powers. She had been a sweet girl, brave beyond her years, and she had given her life to save his. He didn't deserve this. 
Thomas howled in rage. Victor. 
Charging blindly across the battlefield, Thomas sought out Tretchbolt. He had to get to the fortress and end this.
Eruptions from the earth, and explosions of fire and lightning ruptured the ground as Thomas charged across the plateau. Tretchbolt lay ahead, towering above most of the dragons on the field. The front lines had all but eliminated the Red Dragons, and now had turned their attention to the new wave of Storm Dragons. They were still greatly outnumbered, but because the shield had bought them time to take care of the Red Dragon threat, the tide was slowly turning. 
Tretchbolt!!! Thomas screamed above the din of battle. Tretchbolt turned back as Thomas jumped onto the saddle, just barely holding on to the tethers along the side and climbed up onto Tretchbolt's back.
We have to get up to the castle. Thomas yelled.
Alkamire Aqual and Sammuel were wheeling around in circles. Alkamire being the other dragon to have seen battle was doing fairly well. Sammuel was looking tired, but was definitely giving Alkamire the edge he needed.
I'm kinda in the middle of something here kid! Tretchbolt swung his head into an advancing Storm Dragon who was poised to strike Sammuel. Tretchbolt's massively armoured head sent the dragon tumbling over the edge of the cliff. It never ceases to amaze me that they can forget how to fly so quickly.
Alkamire and Sammuel reigned in closer to Tretchbolt and Thomas while fighting off an attack from a Red Dragon taking swipes at Sammuel on Alkamire's back. Thomas felt another wave of sadness over Judy's demise. He couldn't tell Sammuel about Judy in the middle of this. Sammuel needed to focus.
Uncle! I need to get up to the fortress! 
That would be suicide Thomas! No lone person would be able to make it through their defences.
Thomas grit his teeth. I don't care. I'm going after Alanna! Thomas started to get out of the saddle when a voice stopped him. Wait! It was Alkamire. He took a few precious moments before continuing.
She is my daughter. I will take you. 
NO! Tretchbolt roared. You are the king. I will take Thomas there. If you think you can handle things here.
The Red Dragon facing off against Alkamire was a large brutish looking beast. It had grown frustrated with trying to get at Sammuel, and now had his head buried into the chest of Alkamire, and was pushing him backward.
Just get going! Alkamire twisted the other dragon around onto his back.
Tretchbolt launched up into the air without another word.
The flight out of the fray was bumpy. Many of the Storm Dragons were flying around, launching elemental attacks at Alkamire's group on the ground. Most of the Red Dragons had already landed to face the remaining forces. Thomas noted there were a great deal less of Ganton's forces moving around. Tretchbolt flew straight through the first couple of dragons like they were paper in the wind, but as more dragons saw the lone Blue Dragon trying to escape the masses, the more that joined in the chase. By the time that Tretchbolt had reached top speed, they had a good hundred or so Storm Dragons literally right on their tail. Lightening flashed, and air currents tossed them about. The Storm Dragons were doing everything in their power to bring the two down. One of the faster of the bunch latched onto Tretchbolt for a moment, but Thomas turned, and with as much care as he could, extracted a black stone and threw it at the dragon. It bounced harmlessly off him, and the dragon looked bewildered for a second until it all of a sudden started to shrink. The Storm Dragon shrunk to the size of a dragonfly right before Thomas eyes, and was lost in the wind. Tretchbolt immediately regained speed and continued to manoeuvre through the air.
I was afraid of this. Tretchbolt screamed through the wind. We have to get rid of them somehow! 
Thomas thought fast. If he did anything too large, he would be too tired to face Victor. The speed that they were going, if anyone were to hit something, it would knock the sense out of them. Perhaps....
Wall of air, strong as steel,
Between them and us, we conceal.
The first of the horde chasing Thomas and Tretchbolt to hit the invisible wall did so in an almost cartoon-like manner, sliding down the unseen barrier and falling off into the unknown. Then a pile of dragons hit the invisible shield at full force, and reverberated off also falling off into the clouds below. There were now about fifty or so dragons that were cautiously testing the air to find a way around. Tretchbolt and Thomas now had a significant lead, but it still wasn't enough. As soon as Thomas was gone, Tretchbolt was going to be in serious trouble. Thomas was a little tired, but he had to find a way to take care of all the dragons at once. 
Thomas pointed his arm toward the pursuing group and chanted,
In the minds this thought will creep,
Now is time for them to sleep.
That did it. The last of the Storm Dragons curled up as if for a nap, and dropped from the sky. It would be a very short nap, thought Thomas. He looked around, it looked as though they were free of their attackers at last.
Thomas cursed under his breath. If he had thought of that spell earlier, he could have saved a lot of innocent lives. He may have also ended up putting everyone to sleep. 
That's a neat little trick kid. 
Thomas didn't feel like answering. 
Tretchbolt swooped down toward the fortress now that the threat had been dealt with. From here Thomas could see the ogres hurling boulders down on the dragons below. Thomas felt furious, but also quite tired. The battle was taking a lot out of him.
As if reading his mind, Tretchbolt responded to Thomas' unspoken thought. Save it for Victor. I'll take care of them. Tretchbolt was now zeroing in on the fortress. Where do you want let off kid?
Thomas actually had no idea. He figured wherever it was that Victor was, he would want a good view of the invading forces. That's when Thomas saw the light reflect from the upper wall. An explosion smashed into Tretchbolt's right wing and Tretchbolt started spinning out of control, heading for the ground. They would soon be passing over the wall where Thomas had seen the flash of light, but it was still hundreds of feet below. He decided to take a chance. In an instant he was fishing in his bag for stones and pulled out three. A few others came out and fell out of sight as well. Amongst the three in his hand, was a couple of green stones and a white stone, exactly what he needed. 
Tretchbolt!
Tretchbolt was still trying his best to gain control with his badly injured wing dangling uselessly to the side. Another explosion narrowly missed them.
Tretchbolt. Look at me and open your mouth.
Tretchbolt probably thought Thomas mad, but as there was no time to argue, Tretchbolt did as Thomas asked. Thomas tossed a green stone into Tretchbolt's right cheek and a white one into his left. DON'T SWALLOW!
Tretchbolt closed his mouth and turned his attention back to the wall, which was getting closer by the second. 
Spit the right side out at the ground after I disappear, if you get in trouble, spit the left side at yourself.
Tretchbolt had time for one last incredulous look before Thomas threw the remaining green stone directly down at the wall where the flashing object had been. Tretchbolt looked like he wanted to say something, but Thomas was already disappearing in a shower of blue sparks.
*****
From his vantage point on the roof, Victor could see at least some of the battle below. He could see the swarms of his Storm Dragons, and the newly acquired Reds hovering over the plateau, although he couldn't see the plateau itself. The glass gave him the abilities to see great distances, but not the ability to see through objects. Not for the first time in the last couple of days, Victor cursed the Dragon Princess for destroying his bowl. He wanted to see Edric's destruction. He wanted to fully savour the surprise on his face when he realized his prized ally was fighting against him. Now all he could do was watch pieces here and there.
Victor paced. Well... if he wasn't going to be able to enjoy watching his most hated enemy being destroyed, at least he could enjoy watching the princess wallow in sadness as she witnessed the end of her father, and her people. Victor chuckled. She would also bear witness to the end of her precious wizard boy.
Shadow! The Shadow was shifting uncomfortably at the top of the wall. The snow completely illuminated everything to the point where it was bright as a summer's day, and there were no places for the Shadow to blend in.
Shadow go fetch that young Red Dragon and the princess. I wish to enjoy their company!
The Shadow was more than happy to retreat back into the castle. It felt diminished whenever exposed to that much light, and though it never let its master know, enough light could prove lethal. The Shadow might be under the will of it's master, but it couldn't help but wonder, not for the first time, how much of an idiot he was. Victor had asked for the Shadow to stay behind, and 'blend into the Shadows' so if the wizard boy were to make it that far, he would take him by surprise, but as usual, it seemed his master was oblivious to the conditions around him. It would have been much better to send him into the pit where the battle was happening. At least there he could have found a place to hide.
After what seemed like an eternity to the agitated old man, the Shadow returned with an irritated looking Gatsby and a bedraggled young girl. The girl looked resigned to her fate now. Tear stained cheeks marred her once defiant stoney features. Her hair now tangled and tossed around in the wind completed the effect. 
Why am I not out there with my father!? demanded Gatsby.
You are here to look after our guest. Victor didn't like the tone this insolent young Red Dragon took with him. You will do as I say. I don't take well to questioning.
Victor started to strut along the wall, taking every step in a well measured manner, much as an actor would pick his steps carefully to meter out the best effect. 
Do you wonder why I have brought you here princess?
Alanna barely looked up at Victor. Broken already. Victor had hoped she would have more fight in her. It wouldn't be nearly as enjoyable if she didn't suffer at least a little. Victor continued despite her despondent demeanour. 
This is a monumental occasion. Today we witness the end of not only your boyfriend, but of your father and your people! Victor chuckled as if amused by some joke. Alanna stared at Victor with eyes like ice. So she did have some life in her after all.
The sky flashed as two massive bolts of lightening struck down onto the plateau. The bolts tore through the Storm Dragons lines, utterly obliterating half of Victor's waiting forces. Victor went cold. What could have done that? And why onto the plateau, and why oh why were the dragons waiting there in the first place? Uncertainty must have shown on Victor's face, because the next thing he heard was the mocking tone of the Blue Princess.
What's the matter? Something not going your way?
Maybe bringing the princess out here wasn't such a good idea after all. Well he could still enjoy her demise. 
Gatsby! Bring the princess here.
Gatsby, who had been as stunned by the lightning bursts as Victor had, took a moment to snap out of it.
What? Why was it that Victor had to repeat himself so often lately. He looked around the wall. What had happened to the Shadow? He had been there a moment ago! He sighed, he would deal with the Shadow later.
I said, bring her here.
Both Gatsby and the Blue Princess seemed to be ignoring him and looking at the sky. Victor turned back to see what the fuss was about and saw that a group of Storm Dragons had broken off and were chasing what seemed to be a single Blue Dragon through the sky. Victor couldn't imagine what the big fuss about this dragon could be. Then something strange started to happen. It began to rain Storm Dragons. Literally, they seemed to be dropping off like flies.
Victor swung the looking glass around at the dragon swooping through the skies above, and caught sight of something that sent a chill into his bones. The blasted boy wizard was riding a Blue Dragon, and was heading his way. He watched in a mixture of awe and horror as the boy dispatched the last of his followers.
*****
As soon as the green rock hit the ground Tretchbolt felt a sudden sense of disorientation. The ground that had been coming closer suddenly was right under his feet. Tretchbolt rolled across the snowy trail and slid into the first of the Mountain Ogres. 
Definitely not the most stylish entry that he had ever made. The Ogres, being much slower processing what they were seeing, were still working through the fact that something had knocked them over. As Tretchbolt got up, he saw them slowly work through the emotions of shock and surprise. Fighting Ogres at close range wasn't as hard as one might think. They were large, but not as large as he, and they took forever to choose to make a move, and when they did, they never had time to take it back. Tretchbolt had fought many Ogres before this, but this was the first time he was going to have to fight with a broken wing, and there were a LOT of Ogres here. Tretchbolt counted at least twenty. Even in a group of dimwits like this, one was likely to make the right decision before Tretchbolt could stop him. He needed some kind of advantage.
The other stone? Somehow, miraculously, Tretchbolt had managed to not swallow the other stone in his mouth. It was sitting there quite uncomfortably cutting into his cheek. Thomas hadn't bothered to pick smooth stones, but Tretchbolt supposed Thomas never thought of feeding stones to a dragon before either.
Tretchbolt spat the white stone out at his foot. It bounced off harmlessly onto the ground. So much for advantage. Ogre's were amazing creatures really. They were the only beings that you could watch the thought process as it moved through their body in slow motion. A few of the ogres had managed to decide that it might be a good idea to face their new assailant. That's when Tretchbolt started to hear the groaning of his harness.
Snap! Snap! Snap! 
The buckles started to fly off one by one. Tretchbolt hadn't eaten that much! It must be true what they said about middle age. 
Then something strange started to happen. All the Ogres seemed to start shrinking, or.... wait... he was getting larger. Much larger. Tretchbolt had grown in size by close to ten times. The ogres now looked like figurines that a child might play with. Tretchbolt smiled. Not all the Ogres were that slow, a few even realized it was time to run.
*****
Sammuel was near exhaustion. He really was too old for this. The cold had set deeply into his bones, and his arthritic joints were screaming at the top of their lungs. They did not like to be swung this way and that, but swung this way and that they were. Time after time, Alkamire narrowly avoided this boulder, barely avoided that explosion. Sammuel felt like a pinata at a party. 
The dragon masses were slowing down and thinning out in a manner of speaking. The waiting Storm Dragons in the sky had disappeared. A good portion of the Red Dragons disappeared as soon as they realized that Ganton was no longer among them. The battle had been costly. Not a spot on the ground showed the white of the snow that was underneath. Bodies lay strewn all over the field. It didn't dawn on Sammuel immediately, but the boulders had stopped raining down from above. At least some good news. There were only a few dragons left fighting, and it appeared that what was left of Ganton's group were already trying to retreat. It was over.
Sammuel scanned the battlefield warily. Friends lay all around in their final rest. A deep sadness overwhelmed Sammuel for a moment. These were all good people, most of whom he had known their entire life. He would be the one with the unenviable job of telling their families the news. He suddenly realized he hadn't seen Judy since the beginning of the attack. Where was she? She had been with Thomas the last time he had seen her. Sammuel scanned the field where he had last seen them. Nothing. What had happened to her? Panic started to seep into Sammuel's old body. He slid quickly off the saddle and started to pick his way through the battlefield.
What is it Edric? Alkamire turned in concern.
I... I must find someone. Sammuel continued to dig through the bodies until he finally caught sight of a figure, lying on the ground next to the cliff wall. A figure with shining blonde hair. A figure wearing clothing that he himself had bought for her. Judy.
Sammuel rushed over to Judy's side praying against all odds hope that she was unconscious, but upon arrival, Sammuel knew it was already too late. Today had cost him the only person in life to matter to him. The one he thought of as a daughter, and had cared for since her parents passed away. Judy was gone. Sammuel knelt in the snow, and wept for the first time since coming to this world many years before.
*****
Thomas bounced like a rock across the stone floor half way between Victor and Alanna. His body shuddered with the impact, a sharp crack sending a shock through his leg. Thomas was in trouble.
Victor was still scanning the sky for the Dragon and boy who had vanished into thin air. Thomas came to a violent rest atop the stone floor, but it looked as though Victor was oblivious to what was happening around him. Thomas stood up as Victor surveyed the ground beneath the wall where a giant Tretchbolt was wading through a sea of fleeing ogres. Victor laughed viciously and began to swing the looking glass in Tretchbolt's direction. Thomas grabbed for the dagger Tretchbolt gave him and said a silent prayer. With all his might, focusing on the looking glass, Thomas let the dagger fly toward the lens. It flew true and shattered it just as Victor was getting ready to unleash a spell in Tretchbolt's direction. Victor turned around with a start.
THOMAS! Alanna yelled in disbelief.
YOU! Victor didn't waste any time. He drew back his hand and thrust it forward in a motion that created a wave of dangerous looking energy. The burst exploded across the room. Thomas didn't have time to dodge it, or cast a counter spell. He didn't have a charm that would get him out of this predicament, or even have time to try. He realized that this was it. Whatever was going to happen, he was powerless to stop.
Thomas was vaguely aware of Alanna screaming as the wave of energy hit him in full force, pushing him back against a wall. To his surprise, and indeed, he was surprised to even have a chance at being surprised, except for the stinging sensation of slapping against the wall, Thomas was alright. As the shock subsided, he became aware of the burning hot pendant hanging from his neck. The gift he had found in his belongings with the gold and jade was glowing visibly from beneath his clothes. 
Thomas! Alanna stared, eyes wide.
Victor just stood there, carefully regarding Thomas with a thoughtful expression.
Thomas took advantage of the break in attack and grabbed for his bag of stones. Not too many were left. He quickly took out a blue stone and pitched it over at Victor. Victor not understanding the significance of the blue stone, did nothing to get out of its path. The moment the stone hit the ground, a large wave of water materialized and continued on in the direction that the stone had been going, which was the direction in which Victor, now rooted to the spot in fear, was standing. The wave crashed into Victor, and swept him away. He struck the opposite wall with a sickening crack, but managed to latch onto the sides with his old and shrivelled claw-like hands, just narrowly escaping being carried completely over. Victor's eyes bulged so much that they threatened to shoot out of his head. Victor raised his shaky arm, sending a shower of water splattering across the floor. He pulled back his arm as if throwing a javelin, and pitched as hard as his old bones would allow, in the direction of Thomas. Thomas grabbed for the pouch and one of the few stones left in the bottom. With no time left to think, he threw the teleportation stone toward the adjacent wall, slipping through the air and bouncing along the edge just as the red jet of fire whizzed through the air where he had been sitting, barely missing Gatsby.
Thomas grunted in pain as his left leg cracked awkwardly against the edge of the wall as he came to a rest once again. His leg was most likely broken. Things weren't looking good. Thomas was low on stones, he would have to take a chance and cast a spell while Victor was still reeling around trying to locate him.
Ground of stone, start to quake,
Off this building, Victor shake.
Victor however was faster than Thomas' spell. The building shook madly underneath the ancient wizard, sending dust motes up from the cracks, and threatening to bring down the building. Victor shoved his hand down toward the ground and an unseen force lifted him up into the air, out of harm's way. 
Thomas, seeing Victor preoccupied with hovering, threw a red stone. Victor saw it coming. Growling he let go of the force keeping him afloat, and landed roughly on the floor as the red stone sailed over his head. The building was now trying to bounce Victor off once again. 
Thomas! The scream came from behind him. Thomas barely had a moment to react when the sword swung into the blocks behind where his head had been a split second before. Thomas now lay on his back staring up into a face distorted by hatred. Gatsby had tried to kill him. Things couldn't be worse. Victor was once again in the air, and Gatsby was swinging his sword like a lumberjack. 
Thomas grabbed for the nearest thing he could find. The teleportation stone that he had thrown was just at arm's length. Quickly he threw it between Gatsby's legs. Gatsby caught in mid-swing, was startled as Thomas jumped out of sight and appeared between his legs, causing Gatsby to tumble forward. Gatsby turned on Thomas growling. Thomas once again grabbed the stone and threw it toward Gatsby. Gatsby grabbed it out of the air before it hit anywhere and smiled wickedly at Thomas. He stood up and chucked it over his shoulder. He then lifted his sword to bring crashing down on Thomas, and.... disappeared. He blinked back right beside Victor while still swinging the sword downward. He narrowly missed cutting Victor in two. So startled was Victor, that he lost his concentration and came crashing back down on the the ground. The ground started to shake once again trying to heave Victor, and now Gatsby, over the top of the wall. 
Thomas, no longer in possession of a teleportation stone, inched his way along the ground toward Alanna. Both Alanna's hands and feet were bound.
Victor had managed to fight off the heaving ground, and was now bringing himself to his feet. Gatsby looked on in stony silence. 
You're a resourceful little rat. You may have the luck of Haggral, but I know someone that doesn't! Victor cackled.
Dagger of Death! Victor's arm shot up again into the air. Dark clouds started swirling above him. Thomas didn't like the look of this. He literally was unable to move fast enough to do anything about it. He searched through the bag of stones for anything that would help him, but there was little left. Thomas reached for the one red stone left at the bottom of his bag. The clouds were forming into a dagger that appeared in Victor's hand. Victor wasn't looking at Thomas, he was looking at Alanna!
Thomas desperately fumbled to get the stone into his hand. 
Gatsby was watching in horror as realization of what was about to happen overcame him. Gatsby could see the stone that Thomas had used on him to teleport, lying at his feet. Not much time to act. Gatsby grabbed for the stone. 
Anytime you have a near death experience time seems to slow down as your body releases adrenalin. Your mind is suddenly razor sharp, but your body seems to slow down. Thomas was keenly aware that, at the same moment he threw the red stone with all his might, Gatsby was throwing the teleportation stone in his direction. Victor was sneering in triumph as he let go the dagger. The dagger flew true and straight toward its target. It seemed things moved slowly enough that Thomas would be able to reach up and pull the dagger out of the air as it passed by, but something happened before it even reached its target. The red stone heading toward Victor collided with the teleportation stone heading toward Thomas. Everything happened at once. Gatsby appeared in front of Victor and the dagger, and the red stone created a fireball that seemed to erupt from Gatsby's back and headed toward Victor. Moments seemed to drag. Thomas could see the Dagger heading straight for Gatsby's back. He knew there was no time to make a coherent spell.
Nature alter,
Dagger falter!
As slow as things seemed to move, the words could not come out of Thomas' mouth fast enough. As Thomas was sounding out the spell, Victor was waving his arm furiously trying to stave off the fireball that loomed before him. Just as Thomas finished the spell, blue energy erupting from his body hit the dagger at the exact moment that the dagger embedded itself in Gatsby's back. Gatsby disintegrated right before Thomas' eyes. One moment he was there, the next all that was left was a black cloud of vapour. As Gatsby disappeared into nothingness, the fireball exploded against Victor, sending him hurtling back against the stone wall again. There was another resounding crack as his head hit the stone, and Victor crumpled to the ground unconscious. 
The ending to the battle had happened so quickly that it took Thomas several moments to realize it was over. Gatsby was gone, Victor was unconscious, and the Shadow was no where to be seen. The first sound that Thomas became aware of was Alanna sobbing behind him. 
Gatsby. I'm sorry Alanna.
Whatever he did, he was still my friend. Alanna sputtered the words out between gasps of breath. Thomas didn't know what to say. He hadn't known Gatsby very long. He had thought Gatsby was his first real friend in this world, but Gatsby had turned on him and now he was gone.
Alanna did her best to smile even though her heart was obviously not in it.
Oh Thomas, I am so happy to see you. I was worried that the last thing you would hear from me, would have been words I said in anger.
Thomas couldn't say what it was, but all of a sudden, a well of emotion inside of him poured over. Alanna was safe. It was finally hitting home. He wrapped his arms around her, and just stood there, letting her cry into his shoulder.
The weather seemed to sense the shift in power. The battle between the dragon factions had come to an unlikely end. The Blue Dragons had taken heavy casualties. The Yellow only fared slightly better. The Storm Dragons were all but gone, the few remaining fled when it became clear that they were not going to be the victors this day. Tretchbolt had easily dispatched the Ogres, who had all run away at the sight of the monster dragon. Thomas spent most of the day cleaning up after the battle, returning Tretchbolt to his regular size, caring for the injured as much as he could. 
Thomas picked his way across the battlefield, checking for anything moving. Up ahead was a site that he had been avoiding. Sammuel was standing, looking about the spot where Judy had been thrown. As he stepped through the mass of fallen soldiers, Thomas realized that something was wrong. 
She's gone Thomas. 
I know. I didn't want to tell you during the attack.
No. You misunderstand, she's missing!
Thomas was confused. What did Sammuel mean? She was... she... died, didn't she? I saw her... Sammuel was clearly having problems coming to terms with the loss of Judy. 
I checked her myself. Thomas was having difficulty talking about Judy's death.
That's what I thought. Sammuel looked around anxiously. I saw her here. I turned around for a moment, and when I turned back. She was gone. 
There was no way that she could have survived. Thomas had been very careful in checking her. He had tried everything he could to save her, but nothing had worked. 
We can't have... the funeral without... Thomas put his arm under Sammuel's arm, allowing the elder man to lean on Thomas for support. Sammuel looked older than his already generous age that moment. The battle had taken its own physical toll, but the emotional toll of losing Judy not once, but twice, seemed to be more than he could bear.
There was no revelry in this victory. The cost greatly overshadowed the gain. The Blue Dragons had taken losses equal to half their armed forces. The Yellow and Green alike were reeling. Had not the wizards joined in the battle, the losses would have been significantly larger. As it was, the small group of wizards still standing had healed wounds and aided in cleaning up the aftermath. Even the Red Dragons still living, were being treated, though they were now under the control of Alkamire's forces. The outcome could have been much worse. It was of small comfort to the group of five that stood that evening atop the highest tower of the ancient castle. Thomas, Alanna, Tretchbolt, Alkamire and Sammuel stood before a cauldron of fire. Sparks exploded as pitch from the still-wet-wood exploded in a hail of embers. The smoke was thick in the air, but the wind carried it away from the small group.
Each person in succession, lit a piece of paper and let it fly out on the wind. Thomas was told this was symbolizing the loss of friends, which would now float on to the spirit world. For Thomas, it was Judy he thought of as he let go the burning paper into the chill winter wind. Alanna hadn't spoken to Thomas that much since the battle. It would take time before they could come to terms with the loss of their friends. 
CHAPTER 40
SEALED
The ancient castle was enormous. Even with the armies of dragons and humans, it was a great task to clean out the castle to make it liveable. Those that had been captured were held in the dungeon cells under the castle. There were centuries of bodies and grime to eliminate in order to make the dungeons a liveable environment. The Blues set to the task of creating long burning torches for the walls. Despite being dark, damp and severely run down, the castle echoed a time of greatness. The broken picture frames and torn tapestries indicated that, at a point long ago, this castle would have been very lavish. There were an abundance of fireplaces that had probably not been used in centuries that the Yellow Dragons had begun to clean up and light. The camp gear that had been at the bottom of the mountain, had all been brought up, and the greens were cleaning out the rooms and setting up lodgings.
Thomas knew that he should help with the cleaning, but he needed to get away. He could feel the unease gnawing at his chest. Alanna. He hadn't spoken more than a few words to her, and he still didn't know how he was going to approach her. The properties of the journal had planted seeds of doubt in his heart. He loved Alanna, he was certain of that much, but he feared how she would react when she learned it had all been a spell. If she shunned him... that would crush Thomas. He knew he would have to confront her about it, but he just didn't have the strength to do it now.
His leg still ached. An older lady wizard by the name of Colette had cast a sort of healing spell on it, but had advised him it would still take time to fully mend. Thomas was grateful, that, at the very least he could walk, even if it did still bother him a little. 
In wanting to get away from the crowds of people, Thomas had started to explore the more remote sections of the castle. There were many rooms that looked like they had never been opened. There was one in particular that had caught Thomas' eye. It was just off a large hall near the rear of the castle. The door was large and wooden, like many of the doors in the castle. This one however hadn't suffered the wear of age like most of the others had. Carved into the door, was the scene of a valley with a castle on the hillside. It looked a fair bit like this castle, only the hill wasn't as steep or abrupt, and the land around was depicted as more lush. The grassy area of the hills were inlaid with a carved jade-like rock. The trees too were inlaid in a brown stone that had been detailed. Blue lapis had been used for the sky, and what looked like diamonds made up the castle. The image was stunning. Thomas knew he had to see what was behind such a door. He moved his torch around the door in search for a handle of some sort, but was unable to find any means in which to open the door. Odd to have a door with no handle. He decided to test it.
Laying a hand on the door, Thomas gave a shove. As his hand touched the surface, something inside the door clicked, and it slowly swung inward. A gasp of air rushed through the door as if the room had been suffocating. It's smell reminded Thomas of old attics and musty books. Thomas suddenly felt a little worried. He was quite far away from the others, and if something were to happen to him here, no one would notice for quite some time. 
Thomas grunted in anger at himself. He was acting silly. The room had clearly not been opened in a very long time. If there was anything in that room, it would be long dead. Strangely that thought didn't comfort Thomas at all.
As it turned out, the room was just as amazing as the door that hid it. The first thing that hit Thomas was how clean the room was. He had expected some degree of wear, definitely a thick layer of dust, and probably the remains of centuries of rats, but the richly carpeted floors showed no signs of wear or even age. The mirrors and silverware shone, books and papers seemed to be organized, and there wasn't a speck of dust to be seen. The room looked to be a bed chamber of some sort. Even though it smelt like no one had been in this room in a very long time, the room was so clean that it had to have been regularly maintained. It just seemed so strange to Thomas that in this large ancient castle, full of many derelict rooms, that one room would look like time had forgotten it. 
There were paintings, books, weapons... all manner of odds and ends really. Everything having its own place, and everything placed neatly.
Then something on the floor caught Thomas' attention. There was a trail of what looked to be blood, still wet, leading over to a desk where, under a glass, two highly polished pieces sat. A crown made of Gold, and a Silver Tiara with diamonds sat on display as if waiting to be picked up by their owners. This must have been the king and queen's room, thought Thomas. 
The blood on the floor made Thomas a little nervous. This room was very strange. Whose blood could that be? Thomas followed the trail over to the crown and carefully moved the heavy domed glass piece aside to lift it up and examine it. It was heavy, and the gold had a slight patina to it that suggested age. There were ivy vines and flowers gracefully etched into the soft metal, and an inlay of what looked to be a silver metal though heavily tarnished to highlight the dark gold. Thomas flipped it over in his hand to see the inner rim. The words 'Wisdom to rule, courage to defend' were etched into the gold. 
Thomas walked over to the bed with the crown in hand and sat down. It was quite heavy. He couldn't imagine someone actually wearing this for any long periods of time. It would surely give them a headache. Thomas stood up and approached the gilded mirror. Giving the mirror a sultry look, Thomas put the crown on top of his head, and tilted it forward like detective in a 1950's mystery movie. 
You know, it kind of suits you. 
Thomas nearly jumped through the ceiling. 
Alanna stood in the doorway smirking. 
Thomas' cheeks heated up and he fumbled for words. Uh... hi. Classy thought Thomas. Just the right mixture of disinterest and fumbling. 
Alanna had managed to clean up, and was looking a bit more herself. The expression she had as she noticed the trail of blood was exactly that of someone biting down on an aggravated aching tooth. 
You don't have anything to do with that, do you?
No!
Hmm. Alanna walked over to the tiara, picked it up, and plunked it down on her head.
So? How do I look?
Alanna stuck a regal pose. 
As if you were born in a tiara. Thomas said a little nervously. She was beautiful, and the more he thought about what he had to eventually bring up, the more nervous he grew. 
I'm sorry Alanna. I should have come to get you sooner.
Come get me? Alanna sounded annoyed. Only a knucklehead would have tried that alone. 
Alanna put her hand on Thomas' shoulder. Her features seemed to visibly soften. You're not stupid Thomas. You did the right thing. And you rescued me! 
Technically Gatsby rescued you. Thomas could see Alanna flinch at the mention of his name. Gatsby was holding me hostage Thomas. What happened isn't your fault. If you hadn't come up, I'm not sure that Victor would have let me live.
I don't know. I think that you wouldn't have been in danger in the first place if it hadn't been for me.
He knew that Alanna was just trying to make him feel better, but Thomas still couldn't help but feel that he was responsible for the whole mess. Thomas' gaze dropped to the floor and he sat down on the bed again. It was hard to look Alanna in the eye. The anxiety built up every time he tried. 
Alanna's brow furrowed in confusion. To Thomas, it felt like the room was growing smaller by the second. If he didn't figure a way out of this, he would suffocate.
Thomas? Are you avoiding me?
The butterflies in Thomas stomach were quickly becoming jack hammers. He could feel his pulse in his ears. 
No. Not really. 
Alanna sat down beside Thomas on the bed and stared at her feet. 
Does this have something to do with the tattoo? I have been thinking about that. Maybe we can find someone who can remove the seal.
No! No that's not it. I mean... unless you want me to...
You're not upset about the tattoo?
Thomas sighed. There was no avoiding the direction that the conversation was heading in. I was, at first. Then I was just scared of what it meant. I didn't know if you really liked me. Then I believed you might like me, but... I was afraid, because I have to go back. What does that mean? 
It doesn't matter Thomas. It's going to be fine. Alanna gently cupped Thomas' face and turned it toward her. You have my heart. I promise you that I am not lying about this.
Thomas pulled away and stared sadly at the floor. No. I don't Alanna. Not really. 
Alanna looked confused and a little bit angry. What do you mean you don't. You think you know what I am feeling?
I don't think you even know what you are feeling. Thomas took a deep breath before continuing. The journal was enchanted. I'm so sorry Alanna, I truly didn't know this. Apparently it was enchanted to cast a spell of love over anyone who attempted to read it. 
You're serious? The journal is a love charm? Who thought up that one? Alanna looked very hard at Thomas, You?
No, not me. I swear.
Then who?
That's a long story.
So you are worried that what I feel is because of the journal?
Thomas turned slightly away from Alanna.
I guess that explains it. 
The unease in the room was palpable. Thomas sat at one end of the bed, not daring to look Alanna in the eye. Alanna sat at the other, considering the situation. In the distance, the noise of the armies settling in for the night rang out. 
You could just cast a counter spell you know.
Thomas hadn't thought of that for some reason, but the thought of it didn't make him feel anymore at ease. If he were to cast that spell, Alanna might go back to hating him. She was, after all, a fair bit older than he was. There wasn't anything all that special about him. She was a princess, he was just a teenage boy from another world. Thomas was fairly certain that if he were to cast that spell, all chances of... of what? A future with her had been a dream, perhaps it was time for him to wake up.
You're right. Winning your affection by spell isn't fair to you. Thomas stood up. It was time to set things straight. For the record, I really do love you Alanna. Thomas could feel his cheeks burn as he said it, but something told him this would be his last chance. 
Now for a spell... 
My journal's spell to capture you,
I hope my power can now undo.
Thomas' and Alanna's hands pulsated in the blue glow of the spell taking hold. It seemed to last only a moment or two and was gone.
Thomas looked at Alanna. She didn't appear any different. 
Well?
Well what knucklehead?
Thomas felt his heart sink through the floor, and his gaze followed it down. He closed his eyes, as if by doing so, he could shut out the pain. Then he felt Alanna's hand pull his head gently up, and as he was opening his eyes, her lips took his in a gentle embrace. 
I love you too silly.
Had the spell worked? Could it really be that she liked him? Something must have gone wrong.
Don't look so surprised. I didn't want to admit it, but I sort of liked you when we first met. Even without a spell to aid you, you have some endearing qualities my sweet knucklehead. 
Thomas allowed himself to bask in the moment, but just as sure as rain at a spring picnic, one thought allowed itself to hit Thomas just when he was feeling everything was right with the world. 
I have to go back Alanna. It was a tough position to be in. He knew how he felt about Alanna, but he needed to go back home. You could come back with me. Thomas knew the answer before Alanna even opened her mouth.
I would love to Thomas, but I can't. I have responsibilities here.
Thomas picked the crown off his head. It really was a little heavy for him. 
You will come back, won't you? 
Thomas didn't even know if he could get home let alone come back.
Of course. Thomas lied.
You better, you still have a contract with me. Alanna took Thomas by the arm and ran her hand over The Dragon Seal.
Thomas knew that the seal could be the death of him. He had already resigned himself to that possibility, but he couldn't go on without letting his grandfather know what had happened to him, what had happened to Sammuel. He had things to tie up before he considered the future.
That of course, didn't stop Alanna. 
Thomas. I think that it's time that we finish the second stage of that seal.
That took Thomas by surprise. What are you talking about?
The first part was you accepting the responsibility, the risk of marrying me. The second part is for us to be joined in engagement, then second seal will be applied. The final part of course is the wedding, but that can come significantly later.
I don't understand. Don't you want to wait for the engagement as well?
Thomas didn't like making promises that he knew he would unlikely be able to keep.
You have a year between getting that first seal and the second seal. I can't trust that time is the same between our worlds, I want to make sure you get back in time to keep your promise to me.
Thomas thought that over for a second. It sounded like the second seal might buy him some time. That in itself was worth the effort, but there was something that made him feel a deep appreciation for Alanna. She wanted to be officially engaged to him, and that meant the world to him. 
We would have to do it tonight. I want to get back to my world as soon as I can. I can't keep grandfather waiting any longer than I already have.
Alanna seemed sad and happy all at the same time. Thomas donned the crown one more time and motioned to Alanna to join him. Shall we then?
Thomas and Alanna whisked off down the hall to inform Sammuel and Alkamire of their decision.
CHAPTER 41
RETURN
Alanna, Thomas, Alkamire, Sammuel, and Tretchbolt gathered in the remains of a great hall. The room was roughly half as large as a typical stadium field, and near three stories tall. There were great staircases that swept down from the wings above. The stairs and floor were likely carpeted at one time, but the carpet had long since deteriorated, and all that remained were browned tufts laying on the marble steps. The bannister was also made of marble, but was inlaid with gold and gems. The hall likely was the scene of many formal functions in the distant past, and seemed to be the appropriate place to hold such a ceremony. Tretchbolt had Victor bound and in tow. He didn't want to leave Victor anywhere he couldn't see him, and so kept in him chains and on a leash at all times.
Alkamire headed toward the centre of the room, where a large reddish brown circle was tiled into the floor. 
We will need four witnesses for this to be official. Alkamire explained.
Thomas looked around. There were only three people here to witness.
We are short one. Thomas announced.
Does it matter who the witnesses are? Tretchbolt looked tired. The day had been harder on him than it had been on Thomas. When he changed back to human, he had nursed a broken arm. The trade off on the wing injury. Though he had been healed shortly after that, he was still in the process of mending. Thomas could relate. His own leg ached terribly even though the worst of the wound had been taken care of. 
Alkamire scratched at his chin. 
It doesn't say, only that there need be four who witness the joining and resealing of Thomas. 
Well, Victor's a witness. Maybe not much of a witness, but he's here. Does that count?
Victor sneered at Tretchbolt whenever Tretchbolt's back was turned. Thomas wasn't sure what he thought about having Victor as a witness, but he didn't really want to wait as they went to search out another witness. It would be best to get things done before it got too late. He didn't want to scare his Grandfather in the middle of the night.
I think it's alright. Thomas offered.
Alkamire seemed a little wary, but didn't object. He brought out a box from a pack that he had been carrying. Thomas immediately recognized the box. It was the one that he had received the first seal from. Alkamire turned to face Thomas and Alanna, holding a new seal in his hands. I need the four witnesses to form a half moon behind Thomas and Alanna, along the circles edge would be best. Tretchbolt positioned Victor, who had little choice but to stand wherever he was placed. The rest of the witnesses fell in along the circle.
Now Thomas, you take Alanna's hand. Thomas could feel his nerves starting to falter again. He knew that this was just an engagement ritual, but it felt very much like weddings that he'd seen on television. He hoped that there were no vows, suddenly he was feeling very young. 
Thomas gingerly took Alanna's hand. It felt strange to outwardly show this affection in front of Alanna's father and his great uncle. He couldn't see the witness row behind him, but he thought he could hear Tretchbolt snigger at Thomas' timidness.
Alkamire stepped forth with the seal, and took Thomas' free hand. 
Thomas Kindercook, Do you swear on threat of life, you will protect and care for my daughter Alanna, until the end of your days?
Great. Vows. The sudden memory of what Alanna had told him about the seal went through his head. If it wasn't meant to be, he could very well be dead in a few minutes. Suddenly the second seal didn't seem like such a good idea.
Yes. Thomas managed to squeak out.
Alkamire held on firm to Thomas' hand, but turned to face his daughter. 
And Alanna, do you swear to Thomas, to care for him and protect him, at threat of your life, until the end of your days?
Thomas could feel Alanna give him an assuring squeeze of the hand. 
Yes. Alanna sounded a lot more calm and confident than Thomas had felt.
Very well then. By my authority, and by the power of the ancients, you shall be sealed to one another, and have my blessing to marry.
Alkamire turned Thomas hand over so it faced palm down. He adjusted Thomas' clothing so the previous seal was visible to everyone there. Then with care, he pressed the second seal immediately below the first. Thomas waited nervously for fate to take its course. At first there was nothing. Just an awkward silence you would expect from a buildup that lead no where. Then blue flames licked along his arm and travelled up his body. Thomas fought the urge to pull away from Alanna and Alkamire. The flames engulfed Thomas, and then, alarmingly, spread over to Alanna. Alanna's eyes grew wide in shock. Clearly she hadn't expected this. Thomas and Alanna glowed brilliant blue light, so bright that their features were indistinguishable. Alkamire finally pulled his hand away from Thomas' in a reflexive action, shielding his eyes from the light. Victor watched the scene with an expression of fascination. Tretchbolt just stood there with a slightly bored look on his face as if he had expected as much. Sammuel's features were unreadable.
It seemed like an eternity as the flames and glowing light danced over the two figures in the centre of the circle. Just as suddenly as they had appeared, they wicked out, leaving a ruffled looking Alanna and Thomas. 
The first thought in Thomas' head was that he was okay. He had survived. Then he turned to Alanna, and immediately noticed a change. On the arm that Thomas had held, A very similar set of tattoos adorned Alanna's arm. Thomas had not been expecting that. By the look on Alanna's face however, she had. 
Your arm!
Alanna just smiled at Thomas, squeezing his hand. It's alright Thomas.
You two are now sealed to each other. You share a common fate. Alanna's life, is tied to yours as surely as yours is to hers.
Thomas felt that once again, the wool had been pulled over his eyes. Alanna had never mentioned anything about receiving a tattoo as well. Thomas had thought that he was the only one to be affected by the seal. Now Alanna had the 'hers' version of his set.
Shared fate? What do you mean by that?
Alkamire calmly explained. It means that your lives are tied together. As long as one lives, so shall the other, should one perish, so too shall the other. You are irrevocably linked. There is only the final seal left to complete it.
No! This was a disaster. Alanna had been doomed by this action to live the lifetime of a human! She could have lived a thousand lifetimes, but she had chosen this knowingly?!
Why?
Alanna smiled at Thomas and took his other hand in hers. Because I knew you would never agree. I guess I am truly my father's daughter. I apologize for not being forthcoming. If I had not done this, your life would have ended within the year. Now we are safe for a time.
But your life!
Is my own to do with as I please.
Thomas still could not accept this.
Your thought for my daughter is touching. Alkamire's composure never wavered. He reached into his bag and pulled out an ancient looking text and handed it to Thomas. That's when Thomas noticed the tattoo of an eye on his arm where none had been before. 
Your arm! Thomas felt like a little girl stating the blatant obvious.
All witnesses are marked. All four carry a portion of your fate.
All of your lives are now tied to my mortality?!
Alkamire's face tightened slightly, but he said nothing.
Victor?
Alkamire turned his gaze to the bedraggled old wizard. It will be necessary to keep him in good health until your marriage. 
The sealing ceremonies were starting to become more and more serious Thomas realized. He wondered what the importance of it was. Why do all this? Thomas looked down at the well aged book Alkamire had handed him. The corners were badly tattered, pages were loose of their bindings, and if there had been text on the cover at some point, it too had been worn away with the passage of time.
What is this?
Alkamire smiled. Something for another time. Now, since you have all of us here already, we will see you off. 
Thomas both had dreaded and looked forward to going back home. He wasn't sure how he was going to manage going back if his great uncle was not able to do the spell, but he was going to try his best. Sammuel seemed to have faith in Thomas' ability.
Tell my brother that I am sorry I never made it back. Sammuel gave Thomas a hug much as a father might his son. 
Why don't you come back with me? Thomas asked not for the first time.
I am needed here. This is my home now. Sammuel sounded sure of himself, but also a little sad.
Thomas turned to Tretchbolt.
Ah. Tretchbolt fidgeted with Victor's chain. Well, glad to have known you. You weren't as much of a pain in the behind as I thought you might have been. I suppose it would be good if you got back here soon, so get your business done with and... Tretchbolt stopped and looked up at Thomas.
Ah heck. Tretchbolt reached out and and drew him in for a brief and quite rough pat on the back.
So Thomas was going to be alone. 
How am I to do this?
Do you still have your pyjamas? asked Sammuel.
Thomas dug through his pack and brought out the catalyst for his entire adventure. He handed the pyjamas to Sammuel.
I will link my powers with yours Thomas, you will cast the spell. I think you should focus it on the pyjamas. I have tried this before, and I could almost sense the other world, but I never had enough power to take myself through. Even linking it never seemed to be enough, but I admit, I do not have the power you do. I think for you, this may work.
Thomas wasn't as sure of himself as Sammuel seemed to be.
Alanna gave Thomas one last kiss and wished him a speedy return. Tretchbolt gave Thomas a rather hard slap on the back, and promised him better training upon his return. Victor watched with disinterest.
Thomas had noticed that there was some link between the effect of the spell and the length of the verse. Hoping that creating a slightly longer spell might generate enough energy to take him back to his world, Thomas tried to work out something long enough to have the effect that he desired. Taking a deep breath, Thomas started the spells incantation.
It started not so long ago, on a stormy day,
Book, ring, pyjamas and then some words I'd say,
Immediately Thomas started to glow. Waves of energy cast gently off him like ripples caused by a stone dropped in a pool of water. 
Travelling across time and space,
Arriving in this land of magic and rhyme,
Seeking my uncle to touch base,
Confusing the sands of time,
The waves of blue washed over the entire room, it seemed to fill it with pulsating gentle licks of energy. 
Going back now from whence I came,
Wishing my friends could be,
Riding with me, the blue flame,
But I know it's time for me,
The energy sank into the marble floors, and into the walls. The place felt alive with power. The witnesses present were overcome by it, letting it wash over them, rejuvenated by it.
So I leave for now, I have to go, but promise I'll be back,
So long, farewell, I take my leave to travel the mystic track.
Thomas could feel his legs growing weak as he intoned the last of the spell. The world seemed to spin, or his head... he wasn't sure which, but everything seemed to go out of focus. The voices of his friends seemed to travel with him in a chant that was incoherent. The whirling sensation seemed to take hours, or minutes. Thomas couldn't decide. He realized that somehow, time didn't seem to apply. He just was. 
Thomas closed his eyes as the spinning blue was beginning to make him feel sick, and just like that, it stopped.
*****
David Kindercook sat in the rickety old rocking chair in the cold dusty house. He didn't rock and he wasn't inclined to read, he really didn't feel like doing much of anything. A thick layer of dust had built up over all the surfaces, but he had no ambition to clean. He found it hard to find the energy to eat even. He only did so in case Thomas somehow miraculously returned.
David had lost a lot of things in his life. None that had affected him more profoundly than the loss of his brother at an early age, and now the loss of his nephew was almost more than he could bare. After the disappearance of David's son, he had promised that he would care for Thomas properly, never letting anything happen to him.
He had failed again. 
He wasn't usually a pessimistic person, but he couldn't help but feel that people only seemed to leave him, they never came back.
It was getting late and David knew it was time to retire for the night, he just really hadn't the will to get up. 
A groaning noise gently emitted from the old house. At first he thought it was just the wind. It wasn't that unusual for the house to complain about the wind, it was an old house, just like his bones complained when he tried to climb the stairs, this old house seemed to complain about the wind pushing against it. David was about to dismiss it when the floor started to shake. An earthquake? In all the years that he had been here, there had never been an earthquake before. He decided it might be a good idea to get up after all.
FLASH!
A blinding blast of blue shot through the house like a bolt of lightening. David's poor old eyes strained to adjust. When they did, he nearly jumped out of his skin. 
THOMAS!
Grandpa Kindercook stood there in disbelief. His old eyes must be playing tricks on him. He had dozed off, and was dreaming about Thomas returning again, as he had so many times before. But this time was different. This time there were several people with Thomas. There was a beautiful girl, who was probably a few years older than Thomas and a young man, perhaps in his twenties or so, who looked like a fighter, wrestler, or something along those lines. Then his eyes fell on a boy, several years younger than Thomas, and David felt his legs fail him. 
Sammuel! Is that you? It can't be!
*****
Thomas was suffering from severe disorientation as the ground solidified under his feet. The form of an elderly gentleman emerged out of thin air, and finally formed into the familiar figure that Thomas knew and loved. 
THOMAS! 
Thomas' sudden appearance out of thin air had obviously had a severe affect on his poor old grandfather. Thomas hadn't really thought this through all that carefully, he should have figured out a way to send word ahead. Then his grandfather said something that made no sense.
Sammuel! Is that you? It can't be!
Thomas looked around quickly. There, standing beside him was a boy of perhaps ten. At first Thomas was confused, then he realized he had dragged Sammuel along with him somehow and he was young again. Why would that be? 
I'm sorry Sammuel, I didn't mean to bring you along! Thomas apologized.
Someone behind him coughed.
Thomas turned around to look. There stood Alanna, looking every bit as beautiful as she always had, and not a year younger or older. There also was a familiar looking young man standing next to her. Tretchbolt? A much, much younger version of him at least. Things couldn't have been more messed up. Good lord! He had brought everyone! Victor!? Thomas didn't see the evil old man anywhere. Maybe it had only been his friends that had been dragged along.
Thomas? What have you done?! Alanna stood there tapping her foot with her arms crossed. He often wondered how she could pull off looking so young and so old both at the same time.
Thomas groaned. I don't know, somehow I brought you all along with me. I am sorry, I will try to figure out how it happened and send you back.
Thomas? What's going on? The old man looked so confused and overjoyed at the same time that Thomas didn't know where to begin.
I think you better sit down Grandpa. It's a long story.
*****
The snow swirled as it came down on Alberts Street and Fourth. It was late in the evening, and the only sound to hear was the light tinkling sound the snow made as it fell. The Chinese food take-out shop had closed for the night, and even the pub had shut its doors due to the weather. The few intermittent street lights illuminated the empty streets. Almost empty streets.
In the middle of the intersection at Alberts and Fourth, a young child stood in the snow, blinking and confused at his surroundings. He was no more than six, or seven. The clothing he wore didn't fit in with the weather, or even with the time period for that matter. He shivered against the occasional gale that blew the snow into his face. 
Surely this must be a dream. What manner of place was this? And what had happened to him? He had shrunk! At least his clothes seemed to still fit. 
Victor spun about in a daze. He was free, but he had never felt so lost in his entire life.
The End of Book One in the Kindercook Series.
Thank you for reading the first book in the Thomas Kindercook series.  If you enjoyed this story, please take a moment and leave a review. 
I can be contacted at thomaskindercook@hotmail.com.
