Intragalaxy

E=mc*q


ipam



Smashwords Edition Copyright 2015 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Chapter 1
Fwtang

Fwtang is the name of the main planet with four moons and a green dwarf star warming the planet in a blanket of light tinted with mint green. It is located on the extreme western edge of Intragalaxy. Fwtang is a lush green world of forests, drinking rivers, food crops, plant fields, and flower valleys housing almost the entire population of Fwtanians. The four moons do not orbit around the planet but remain in a stationary position displaying a design like one of four edges of an invisible box which orbits around the green dwarf star.
The northeastern moon represents occupies the hottest zone around the planet and is called Oitang. The families of Oitang happily live and mine the precious crystals creating the facial decoration for the species. The weather is heated during the day for the yellow deserts and cooler during the evening inside the underground caverns for gathering the silver crystal minerals.
The northwestern moon is called Setang for the warm waters for swimming, not fishing.
The coldest zone around Fwtang is called Ugtang located in the southwestern zone of the night sky. Ugtang is composed of tall towers of solid ice walls. Between the ice walls they are deep ice rivers filled with numerous sea mammals. The most popular sea mammal is the echino. An echino has five points around a circular body glowing in different shade of colors like yellow, pink, red, and green. Each color represents a particular taste upon the tongue for the Fwtang. The green is a tart taste. The red is hot spicy favor. The pink is sweet especially the favorite of children. The yellow is tangy. Each color represented a particular taste upon the tongue for the Fwtang.
The southeastern moon is called Mmtang. The moon grows cool lush flowers and forests for hunting earth mammals for both clothing and meats.
The Fwtanians species are petite, no taller than four feet and nine inches with very dark skin from the bright sun and black course hair. The face is embedded with glittering silver tiny speckles of crystals. The crystals form a unique pattern on the face between the forehead, the jaw line, the nose bridge, both cheekbones and both earlobes.
Inside the mothers womb each baby develops an array of tiny empty circular skin pockets around the face. After birth a single crystal is dropped into the individual baby tissue pockets where the tissue grows around the individual crystals creating a distinct facial pattern for each Fwtanian child.
The Fwtang culture is ruled by a royal family consisting of a king, a queen, and only one child since sibling both greed and jealous usually ruin a planets leadership, sometimes the entire civilization. This practice has existed for eons of time since the beginning of Intragalaxy. When the single child marries and produces only one baby during her parents reign then the married child will inherit all the royal duties of Fwtang culture. If the current prince or princess produces two or more children then another Fwtang couple with a single babe takes over the royal couples palace, duties, and space.

Oitang. green sky. green ice. cold. no clouds. no rain. late afternoon.
Princess Teton is eighteen years old, unmarried and testing for her future prince-husband with two candidates. She wears a blue ice suit from throat to boots holding her blue helmet. She stands in front of her individual spinner with two beaus admiring her eyelashes one side. The two beaus each wear a colored ice suit holding their helmets too. She smiles when the crystals glitter in the dull green light. Her facial tissue of crystal forms three perfect square figures on the right side of her face. The crystals fill a box from the tip of the forehead then around the eyebrow. A second box shows on her right cheekbone and a finally box starts even with her right lip down towards the jaw line. Our task today gentlemen, Daddy likes to eat fresh echinos for our supper time tonight which are located down there, she fingers below the 300 feet cliff drop straight down into the ice cold river water. Teton is allowed to select any male as her husband however the male must pass a battery of her selected husband-tests. Then she picks the one who survives.
So far, there are two contenders left. The competition started three weeks ago with fifteen suitors who have dropped out or has died from the feat.
Plmet is tall for an Fwtanian standing at five feet and zero inches with black shoulder length hair blowing from the cold ice wind on Oitang. He nods and winks at his competition for the approved marriage of Princess Teton. His facial tissue zig-zags side to side from the right temple across the right eyebrow, the upper nose bridge down to the lower left earlobe. Then the zig-zag turns and heads towards cutting across the left lip then down to the right jaw line. The crystals glitter from his smirk. I enjoy echinos too
Leman is average height of four feet and ten inches for a male with cropped black hair. His facial tissue forms a horizontal band from the upper ear across both eye sockets to the other side of the ear. The lower half of his face is naked which is rare among the Fwtang males. Therefore he has grown a facial beard covering his lips and jaw line when Teton giggles and strokes his hairy face. Leman smiles then kisses her hand. I am ready for some deadly hunting
Teton gently caresses his glittery crystals with her red-colored fingernail, smirking. Excellent, Leman! she drops her hand then views each male. We eat in two hours. This gives us plenty of time to find and locate the echinos then bath and wash up before supper. My daddy likes the green ones, five in total. I like the pink ones, two for me. My mama likes the orange ones, three for her. And dont forget to capture your own supper since we do not share at the supper table, she nods then lowers the helmet over her face. She activates the beacon signal and external light for finding her supper also. Each male covers the face with the breathing helmet then mounts the scooter.
The scooter is a traveling devise sailing you from the top of the ice cliff down into the deep ocean. The ice cliff is a solid wall of ice with no steps or stairs. This is the only transport method of catching food on Oitang. The river basin is thirty feet wide between the ice cliffs which cannot support any other type of flying or pacing vehicle.
Teton stands upon the scooter with her booted feet, clicking her body with the safety belts around her breasts, waist, kneecaps and ankles. She activates the device by pressing the right gear. The scooter hovers from the ice cliff then soars towards the edge. She slowly advances forward from the edge then hovers in the air. Teton presses the left gear backing up the scooter into the wall of ice waiting on the males.
The males duplicate her movement.
Teton grins and winks inside her breathing helmet at each male then looks ahead at the opposite cliff wall. She presses the button when the scooter drops her feet first straight down 300 feet at breathing-taking speed. She slowly exhales and inhales without getting sick or vomiting inside her helmet when the young teens perform their first dive on Oitang. She plummets down the wall so fast that the opposite wall is one continuous blur of green.
The engine of the scooter is below her feet with a horizontal platform supporting her back. She smooth dives into the ice water without a splash descending fifty feet without touching the bottom of three miles to the ocean floor. She presses a button freeing her from the horizontal safety belts when the engine of the scooter floats sideways. She holds the right and left handle bars stretching her body sideways too. She lies across the platform on her stomach then waits and watches for the two males.
Each male executes the dive maneuver perfectly too.
Teton is having trouble figuring out which male to eliminate since they both are cute and daring following her down the cliff dive hunting for echinos at tonight supper dinner with her parents at the royal palace. She nods to each male then presses the level. The machine moves forward when she stretches her limbs into a comfortable position inside the platform. She presses the button when the horizontal safety belts flip once again over her body keeping her inside the scooter rather than floating up and down as she soars along the water. She lower the gear expanding the dual claws for capturing her prey then presses the button releasing the netting for holding her captured prey. Teton is ready for her fun. She scans the lights at the sea rocks, along the sea trees, and at the other sea mammals hunting for the glowing echinos. The echinos are easy to spot without the lighting beams but she is in competition too with the males.
She giggles shining the beams around the cold brown ice water.

Fwtang.
spinner dock platform. sunny. warm. no clouds. slight breeze. 
Vrtish: four feet, seven inches, black ponytail, black facial whiskers. His facial tissue cuts across the forehead from side to side then forms a roughly looking T-mark between his eyebrows, completely covering his nose bridge down to the top of his lips. He paces side to side in front of the new students with nervousness daring their first outer space flight from Fwtang into the cold blackness of Intragalaxy. Lets briefly review before we flight off the planet into space and beyond the lighted stars. I know that you are a lot of nervous and a little excited. I am too, stands in front of them, smiling. Alright, someone please explain the spinner which is behind your back.
Fuyar: female, teen, four feet, six inches, waist-length hair. Her facial tissue cuts from the left ear across the left cheekbone and the upper nose bridge then diagonally into her right template. She raises her hand and clears her throat, smiling. The spinner looks funny for a reason. The entire body is shaped like a disc-shaped object with a circular design which is called a saucer-ship. The name reflects the shape of the flying craft. The outer space ship has no moving parts like wheels or wings similar to the construction or repair land craft. The top half of the disc is completely smooth metal of silver-tinting without any external viewing windows or engine stream portal from the charged ion particles. The silver alloy comes from the planetoid of Chamme where the mineral is grown deep within the soil then mined for usage throughout Intragalaxy. Also on top of the upper disc there is a clear circular tip which houses the invisible ions of positive and negative charged particles.  
Vrtish nods and smiles. Very good, Fuyar! I see the hand of Deual.
Deaul: male, teen, four feet, seven inches, ponytail, clean shaven. His facial tissue runs along the outside of his oval face from the jaw line up towards the template across his forehead. It goes down the other side towards the left jaw line. He does not smile, saying with a serious tone. The disc is divided by a set of navigation lights between the disc plates almost glowing in red colors when powered. The light signals means the ship is powered and moving. When the lights are off like now the ship is powered down or stopped. The bottom half of the disc is smooth metal without windows also. There is a small embedded circle build on the bottom of the saucer ship capturing the ions in the atmosphere allowing the beams to lift the ship from the ground. The beams also propel the ship across the river of time
Very good point, Deaul. Vrtish nods and says. Your spinner skips across the river of time at 1,200 miles per hours however you will not race about that fast today with me as your leader and protector. Or you will not receive your first flier certificate, the students moan. I will quickly repeat the rules for piloting the ship before we enter for the brief lecture. No weaving side to side like a flying kite. No flipping the saucer up or down. No flashing your nav beams at each other for fun. So lets load in the spinner belonging to Fuyar for a quick lesson of piloting.

Interior room.
Vrtish flings his hands and arms standing and smiling along the side wall. The spinner craft is one room. You see one continuous circular wall makes up the one room. The walls are silver tinted with the same mineral as the external disc along with a set of chairs encircling the room which are bolted onto both the wall and the floor. This is a training model of our saucer ship thats why there are chairs lining the walls for students to wet their travel jumper and scream of fear from novice student pilot, chuckles with the others. However each one of you had already wetted your uniform and screamed from fear to arrive here today for your first flier test. So there will be no students traveling with you. This is your personal outer space voyage for obtaining your permit to fly beyond the stars, chuckles with the others. Usually, the travel spinner has separate sections around the circular wall marked for various activities such like an expedition to another planet for scientific research. Each section would hold one or two chairs looking a computer screen recording all the new information. There are usually about four different sections with low built-in wall cabinets between the sections for storing equipment and such-like. All our travel models do not have external or internal sets of individual viewing windows either due to the stellar winds, dust clouds of radiation, and gas vapors of toxins. There is a trap door on top of the ceiling hiding the sleeping compartment. Each separate compartment holds one person comfortably while venturing around the galaxy. Some of the travel models have a trap door on the flooring for additional storage of items or persons like small children or animals. Our travel model does not, because it is a training model which sometimes ends up damaged by a trainee, chuckles with the others. That will not be happening today. Right, students? he nods and smiles. The center console is a circular wall and hollow. The wall is never ever opened or destroyed. The hollow cylinder is the device that transfers the positive and negative ion exchange during your vertically lift off the saucer ship then flies the ship horizontally along the river of time, and finally lands the ship vertically on the planet or another semi-flat surface of any celestial body even a comet, if need be. Above the circular wall is a clear top of the hollow cylinder. The positive and negative ions gather here too then photograph our beautiful Intragalaxy as you travel the river of time from planet to planet to star to planetoid. Now ions are invisible so you will not see any colorization within the cylinder tip. It will always look and stay clearly colorless. Around the enclosed hollow wall is the piloting console and around the console is a circular table. The table only exists to hold up the viewing monitor, a panorama view of the galaxy in the front disc, on both sides of the disc, and behind the rear disc for fun. The circular viewing window is always functioning. In my entire forty years of flying I have never seen a viewing window blacken. Attached below the viewing window there is the circular console for the pilot. There is one bolted chair for only the pilot. Some of the travel models have a single chair going around the axis of the console for viewing the rear and both sides of disc seeing outer space. The forward viewing window is only dedicated to the pilot for steering the saucer ship. The pilot chair has a panel with one lever. The lever holds one vertical stick. Push the stick forward, the ship skips along the river of time. Pull the stick backwards, the ships sails backward. However, I will caution now. You do not operate the saucer ship backwards for any reason. The river of time shuffles the saucer ship along the path of charges particles of positive ions. If you maneuver the ship backwards then you will ram your buddy flying behind you which will cause great damage to the ship and the passengers and trouble for me. No. No. No. Slide the level side to side for avoiding the red puddles of radiation. Someone please explain the red puddles within the river of time.
Fuyar smiles and raises her hand. The river of time in appear is patterned after one of our water rivers however the river of time flows beside Fwtang. Our planet river contains water and fish and plants and flowers flowing in the direction of north to south. The outer space river is colored a neon pretty bright blue for seeing from my bedroom window, giggles with the others. The outer space river of time is made of charged particles of positive and negative ions that smoothly flow from one end of Intragalaxy to the other, even though I have never seen the opposite end of Intragalaxy. The river of time is broken into two directions. One direction travels westerly towards the end of Intragalaxy. The other direction travels the opposite direction easterly and I guess into the other edge of Intragalaxy. When you skip along the river your spinner will travel in the western direction away from Fwtang towards the gas vapors and dust clouds which mark the end of Intragalaxy.
Vrtish nods and smiles. Very good, Fuyar you will be the second spinner to exit from our planet behind me. I am the teacher and the leader. Follow the leader, chuckles with the others. The river of time has two avenues or pathways or directions. One goes west and one goes east. Within the river of time there are red colored puddles. Who wants to explain the red puddles?
Deaul raises his hand, nodding. Along the neon blue river there are assorted red puddles of radiation. You must skip over each red puddle thats the purpose of the vertical lever going side to side. You slip the lever to the opposite side of the red puddle. There are not a lot of red puddles and you can see them on the viewing screen before you hit it. The river is wide enough to maneuver around them.
Vrtish nods and smiles. Very good, Deaul, you will be the third spinner to exit from our atmosphere behind Fuyar. To add to the discussion, within the river of time we have never ever travel east except when the mission party travels west to Chamme. Our planet Fwtang has every type of accommodation for our survival and our pleasure. Lets review the pilots job. When you leave our planet you will jerk the level forward which will jump your spinner into the blue ravine that runs along the eastern side of the planet. The ravine is an offshoot of the river of time which is blue colored. The only purpose is sailing it into the river of time for transportation throughout Intragalaxy. What else do we need to cover today before your first voyage? silence invades the ship. He nods and says. We are ready. This is Fuyars ship. Everyone exit and go into your ship, exists her ship.
Fuyar spins and giggles watching the other student exit her personal saucer ship then scoots into the pilots chair. She rubs her sweaty hands from nervousness. This is her first solo flying alone for her pilots certificate then she would be able to fly to any of the moons by herself or take some of her friends. Her parents promised an ice trip to Oitang for echinos next week. She touches the smooth console of cool metal with both hands then hears.
Vrtish says via the speaker. Press the yellow button for ignition, students.
Fuyar ignites her saucer ship hearing nothing. There are no moving parts and no sound sitting on the soil.
Vrtish says via the speaker. Press the green button for hovering, students. 
Her ship slowly lifts off the hard pavement into the air. The bottom circle is does not move either. It is gathering zillions of positive and negative charged ions from the air atmosphere on Fwtang for lift-off.
Vrtish says via the speaker. I am lifting off first. Fuyar has earned the second flight position for answering my posed engineering questions. Deaul will launch in the third flight position for his correct engineering answers. The rest of the students will lift off in alphabetic order as schedules and discussed in class this morning before we advanced onto the docking field. I am slowly shifting my level forward then my ship will advance towards the ravine. I will slowly sail down the ravine then wait at the edge of the river of time for all the students to lift-off one at a time. I do not want any accidents here or failure for certain. I will lead us towards the edge of Intragalaxy then slowly turn to the left going away from the dust clouds and gas vapors which can damage you and the ship.
Fuyar watches her viewing window on the side. She sees her instructor Vrtish slowly raises from the pavement then slowly moves his ship forward out of her disc range for a crash. She giggles then wipes her sweaty hands on her jumper. She touches the single level with her flying hand then gently shifts it forward. Her ship slowly flies across the pavement without sound but wobbling side to side. Her nervousness has shifted the level side to side as the ship obeys the command.
She giggles then slowly shifts the level into the middle as the ship stops wobbling side to side. She slowly advances forward seeing the trees become smaller and the houses appear tiny. The white clouds break apart from the metal disc hits the fluffy fields of air then she sees the blue ravine.
The blue ravine is a celestial body of Intragalaxy born with the universe. It is 100 feet wide easier accommodating the 60-foot saucer ship flowing sideways in her viewer window in twinkling electric blue colors like the dwarf star is shining the ions. The blue are the positive and negative ions making love to each other.
She giggles from the silly explanation from Deaul but likes to listen to Deaul. He is the reason she is so smart in engineering and math classes.
Fuyar shifts the level forward until locks in place when the ship hits the ravine with a powerful jolt. She tilts to the side almost falling out of her pilots chair then catches her hands on the console forgetting to web her body into the safety belts. She frowns with annoyance then locks her torso and abdomen into the safety belts for the next unexpected jolt, being her first time sailing on the river of time.
Vrtish says via the speaker. Excellent job, Fuyar, theres a slight jolt when the ship hits the ravine.
Fuyar frowns, whispering to her ears only. Yeah, I figured that one out
Vrtish says via the speaker. Deaul is behind you Fuyar. Do not touch the level any more. Your ship will float towards me by itself along the ravine then gently slide into the river of time. However the river of time doesnt control the speed of the ship. That is you. You need to twist the red knob on the right side of console the lock in place at 200 miles per hour before you ram into my disc.
Fuyar views the knob plate seeing the count of speed swiftly moving up towards 200-miles per hours. She twists and locks at 200 miles per hour as her ship smoothly glides along the ravine. She sees the entrance point of the river of time.
Her viewing window shows the panorama view of the river floating perpendicular to the ship. The twinkling blue has some tiny sparkles of white and pink too. It glows towards the west for miles before her eyeballs can only see the twinkles of fine blue specs. Wow! This is so cool, she smiles and says out loud. Her speaker monitor is off since the multiple communications could be heard by the instructor and her school mates.
The ship glides onto the river of time when she sees the rear end of Vrtishs saucer ship. His nav beams glow in bright red against the black outer space sky giving the metal an orange tint. He slowly advances forward from her allowing the column of saucer ships to fall behind him. He paces at 200-miles per hour with Fuyar behind.
She scans the viewer window seeing Deaul. His saucer ship appear like Vrtish with the red nav beams and an orange tint indicating his ship is powered and functioning within normal parameters. She scans the side of the viewer window seeing the parallel neon blue of the river of time heading back towards the west like a divided roadway. There are not any ships on the parallel river of time since they are traveling towards the edge of Intragalaxy.
There is nothing there but pink gas vapors flowing side to side mixed with the bubbles of yellow dust clouds of radiation. The image is pretty but the deadly. If the ship contacts the pink gas and yellow dust it is okay. Only if the ship becomes damaged with crack walls or a shattered tip on the cylinder or the bottom circles is broken then the pilot and passengers would suffocate in 1.2 seconds then die from the poisoned air of radiation. No life form lives in radiation within Intragalaxy.
She scans the viewer window in the rear seeing a line orange tinted saucer ships representing the sixteen students from her class. She scans the side of the viewer window going passed the parallel river of time flowing in the directional west. There are numerous yellow stars, white stars, blue stars, red stars lining the black outer space sky representing hundreds of colonies of life forms. Currently, the royal king of Fwtang does not allow visitation to any other colony of life forms, but she is hoping Princess Teton will change that.
Princess Teton likes her daring adventures. She is testing for a husband-mate at the moment for her upcoming royal marriage. If she only produces one child she will be the next queen with the ideas of traveling to all the different pretty colored stars. Fwtang can sustain life and their economic living off the planet, but Fuyar shares Tetons dream of traveling from her native home.
The ship skips smoothly along the river of time.
Vrtish says via the speaker. A red puddle ahead, please slow down to 100 miles per hour.
Fuyar twists the knob as the ship reduces speed. She doesnt really feel any motion inside her seat from the smooth maneuver. She watches the speed gauge drop down to 100 miles per hour then sees Vrtishs ship slide to the left and then around the red puddle.
The red puddles are round, bright red in color. You cant miss the monster. Each red puddle varies in wide. This particular one is 20-feet wide in the middle of the blue. It sparks in fiery red and yellow specs from the boiling surface of heated and hot radiation.
Fuyar shifts the level towards the left and away from the red puddle then straightens her ship back into the line behind Vrtishs disc. This is really boring. I wish we could turn towards the west and see more of the stars, when the ship wobbles side to side. Wow, this is funner, when the ship stops wobbling then glides down the river of time.
Vrtish says via the speaker. Calm down, students, that waswas something. We areare approaching the edge of Intragalaxy
Deaul says via the speaker. Sir, we have another 5000 miles to travel before reaching the edge of Intragalaxy. At 1,200 miles per hour it would take a ship another four hours and fifteen minutes before we shall encounter the pretty dusty tips of Intragalaxy based on my engineering numbers and my daddy, chuckles then sours. So why are you saying that?
Fuyar scans the front viewer window seeing another red puddle. She shifts the level to the left avoiding the puddle then jerks it back into line. She views the blue river then Vrtishs ship and then sees beyond his ship flecks of tiny glowing yellow, pink, blue, red, green, purple, orange colors within a massive brown cloud.
The brown cloud encompasses the entire viewer window of her ship in the front and on both sides like the massive phenomena is expanding and crawling along outer space.
She smiles and whispers. How interesting? We get to fly through a brown dust cloud of yellow hydrogen, when she double checks her instrument panel. Her breathing air gauge is full. Her beam lights are powered on. Her cylinder tip is clear of any debris. Her ions gauge is charged. She is ready to fly through the dust cloud.
Vrtish scans the viewer window in front of his ship. Yes, you are correct again, Deaul. I see the pink gases and yellow clouds within the brown cloud pattern but I am at a lost for an explanation
Deaul says via the speaker. Vrtish, there are numerous red puddles behind me. Some of the students have hit the red puddle. They are stuck.
Fuyar scans the viewer window in the rear. She sees the red puddles with curiosity. Her ship just passed through that portion of the river of time. There was only a single red puddle of 20 feet but it seemed to have expanded into bigger puddles and smaller puddles. Hows this possible? She sees some of the saucer ships could not sail around the bigger puddles since the saucer ship only operates on positive and negative ions inside the river of time.
The saucer ship cannot fly in black outer space sky without a running engine which existed a long time ago before the invention of the ion particle wave used by the river of time.
The kids yell via the speaker. Help me! Im stuck! My boots are getting hot! My hands are burning
Fuyar frowns with worry sailing farther away from the stranded students as her ship skips along the river of time.
Vrtish yells via the speaker. All stop! Press your red knob and slow down your ship to 0.0 rate of speed. We will stay here and help the other students. As a matter of fact the training models do not have rescue equipment. I am contacting the rescue ships. Everyone stay off the communication mode.
Fuyar twists the dial to 0.0 when the ship slows then slower and then slowest and finally halts inside the river of time. The ions particles on the bottom of the ship will hover the craft barely above the river of time.
The river of time floats all day and night round and round like a circle going from east to west carrying the positive and negative ionized particles and any ship. Space debris does accumulated then floats directly into one of many red puddles of radiation then is eaten immediately.
Vrtish says via the speaker. Stay calm! I have communicated for a rescue from our home world. The ships will be here shortly. Believe or not, this does happen when a pilot accidentally roams into one of the red puddles. The puddle eats anything in its pathway including space rocks, space gas vapors, and space ships. Dont worry! We are all safe and sound. I am afraid that we have ended our travels for the day. But every student has passed the flying course and will receive a pilot certificate.
Fuyar smiles and waves her hands. She doesnt unweb from the safety belts as she feels the wobble of the river hovering below the ship with the ion waves.
Deaul says via the speaker. Sir, the brown cloud of colored twinkles is coming closer to us. You will encounter it first. Should we prepare to do something since we are stilled in the river of time?
Vrtish says via the speaker. Very good observation, Deaul, I was concentrating on the stranded ships behind me in my rear viewer window. This is one of many natural phenomena in outer space. Outer space was born from gas and dust. The gas and dust ignites then burns into death. This is simply a very large dust cloud which is slowly traveling Intragalaxy until it burns out then it will be nothingness. We will record and watch the unique phenomena. It is unfortunate that some of the ships are stranded but help is coming very soon for rescue then we all will return home with our new adventure of outer space. Therefore we have gotten lucky to see a dust cloud and one of such magnitude. Everyone enjoy the rich brownness and pretty colors
Fuyar scans the viewer window in the front and both sides as the brown cloud twinkles in the pretty colors. She leans into the viewer window hearing a tiny sound of something. The brown cloud circles around Vrtishs ship when she doesnt see the orange tint or the glowing red nav lights. She gasps then hears.
Vrtish screams via the speaker. No. No, stop it. The gas vapors are eating my ship. O no! Theres a crack in the wall of my ship. O no! Theres a second crack and third crack. O no! Gas is creeping through the crack. I can see death. Students, students ignite your ions for the one not stuck in the red puddles and sail back down the river of time towards Fwtang now. Do it now
Fuyar presses the button hearing a roar. The ship doesnt roar from the silence gathering of positive and negative ions. She scans the viewer window in the front and both sides seeing that the brown cloud has surrounded her ship. The ship rocks side to side from the thick air pockets of gas as the dust particles ping the clear cylinder on top of the her ship. She hears a roar sound again as the brown cloud slams into the metal of her ship. Then she hears a hiss.
She unwebs the safety belts from her body then stands from the pilots chair scanning the floor for the hissing sound. She scans the ceiling seeing dripping silver gooey metal melting from the heated radiation of the pink vapors caressing the top of her ship. Then she sees the pink gas drifting from the cracks on the walls. Every wall has a semi-crooked vertical crack along the silver where a plumb of pink gas leaks into the breathable room. O no! Im going to, when she grabs her throat. She doesnt wear a space suit with breathable air since she is safety locked into a saucer ship. The saucer ship has been used for eons for safe outer space travel from Fwtang to one of the four moons for family fun swimming on Setang. Her eyeballs blood then burst in pain as she yells in dark blindness of the bright overhead lights inside her ship. Her breathing swallows into short gasps when her lungs explode inside her body.
Fuyar falls to her kneecaps then lands on the floor sideways with blood flowing from her earlobes, eyeballs, and nose holes. Dead.
 
Fwtang royal palace.
Teton sits in the middle of her parents at the head of the rectangular table as dictated by the royal custom. Plmet stands at the right elbow of her daddy with his mama and daddy eating along the table side. Leman stands at the left elbow of her mama, the queen. Leman sits beside his mama then his daddy on the same side of the table.
The king nods and smiles. Teton, I love echinos. You did a good job hunting the catch
Teton smiles at Leman. Leman, he captured the five yellow echinos for you daddy while Plmet was successful with the orange echinos for Mama. They both have earned my respect and vote. I just cant figure out which male I will choose as my husband. Our next adventure will be into the lush jungles of Oitang tomorrow morning. We shall hunt for little tiny coturns that live underneath the poisonous thorn bushes, giggles.
Her daddy frowns then laughs. Youre a vicious little toar, Teton. I rule that everyone wears the protection suites while hunting. I do not want any injured or hurt, Teton. And I favor the blue coturn meat with the spicy flavor for my taste buddies, licks his lips and nods.
Teton nods and says. Yes, Daddy I will acquire six of the little coturns for you. Mama likes the brown ones with the tangy flavored meat. I eat the red ones which are sweet like Leman, crinkles her nose since she cant pat his hand due to sitting between her parents.
The door parts when a short elderly male enters then halts inside the openness of the U-shaped table in front of the Teton. He pants then gasps looking at the king. Sire, there has been an accident. The first-time fliers inside their saucer ships are stranded inside the river of time. Vrtish has communicated for rescue
Immediately, send help now. The king waves his fork with worry.
The male bows. Yes, sire!
Teton wipes her mouth on the cloth then stands and nods. Im coming to help too. Leman and Plmet, you will please both join me. Its an honor to rescue our citizens and another honor to assist me. We flight separate saucer ships with the expanded vertical tubes for transporting the students safely into our vessels. And we don space suits from the poisonous gases of Intragalaxy for our safety, winks at Plmet. I still have decided on my future husband but the highest number of rescued students might sway my permanent decision, views her parents. Daddy and Mama, please excuse us from the suppertime, she back steps from the chair then slides it under the wood like a good daughter. She nods and smiles leading the males out the room. 

Chapter 2
Second born.

moon Lavan
Year 17. Day 0. night. cool. Hours 18. Minutes 28. early evening.
Aubie: tall, slender, waist long red hair, pale skin, green eyes. She lies on the hard metal bench made out of pink, red, orange, and blue lava crystals glittering from the rays of bright light. Her kneecaps hang and sway in the air not touching the floor. She gazes at the bright stars beaming between the cold black space see nothing. She feels the wet hot tears pour from her eye sockets. The cascading warm tears roll down slowly at first then faster in a horizontal position instead of vertical since she lies on her back. Her heavy thoughts weigh and glue her body down upon the metal with a series of deep sadness feelings that will never ever go away until the day that she dies. She whispers. I am always second best
Her acute peripheral vision sees the single figure rather than sense the single figure walking from the archway among the darkness inside the observation tower. She does not blink her eyelashes as more tears flow down her neck then sideways absorbing into her soft T-shirt. She breathes with calmness as the single figure stands at her kneecaps in total handsomeness and awesomeness of six feet plus. Male: teen, slender, mint green pupils, pale skin, buzz cut red curly hair. He slowly curves his lips not exposing his smile. Aubie!?
Duce!? I softly whimper softly with new tears.
He leans a stoic face and broad shoulders over her body assisting Aubie upright on her fanny then scoots his body upon the bench too. He faces the clear glass wall exposing more beautiful bright heavenly stars in the night sky of Lavan, home world of Aubie and Duce. Duce stands then slides his hands over her. They stand and cuddle. Duce gently slaps his cheekbone into her wet cheekbone then whispers. Dont cry!
I wont., she sniffs then sobs with more tears of sadness. Happy birthday she feels numbness inside her heart rather than happiness.
He chuckles. It was yesterday. I did my family thing with my family so its unhappy birthday time to you now
Good luck now, she feels her words with sorrowness.
He cuddles and kisses her cheekbone. Thats for tomorrow.
I am speechless. Her sobs create a new set of flowing wet hot tears.
I too, he spins and faces her then kisses her lips. They emerge, not smiling.
I think its unfair. She whispers viewing the floor when Duce rubs his soft hands around her naked biceps.
Lavan is a gray moon of dusty air when the original planet was destroyed by an array of flying meteorites eons again. The surviving residents flew ancient ships then crash-landed destroying all the ships upon the single moon of non-breathable air. They quickly constructed one single low laying moon dome inside a moon crater for protecting their fragile bodies. Currently, all the citizens live underneath a glass sphere where the elements of weather patterns like tornadoes, rain, and hurricanes do not exist on Lavan. However there are other threats to the fragile bodies.
He sours. I think so too.
I dont know what to say Duce.
I dont know either Aubie. He feels the same emotions and thoughts sharing the same thing passion for their fragile life forms.
Her mobile communication devise sounds on her middle finger with a soft ping. The ring is harvested from the crusty gray-colored soil of the moon then colored in lava chips found between the soil fragments. Her mama likes the blue color while she ignores the flashing blue and focuses on his aqua eyeballs. Dang, I gotta go.
He smiles and nods feeling his mobile communication devise buzz on his thumb. Dang, I gotta go too, he kisses her lips then hugs her body.
They pull back, not smiling.
She exhales then frowns with worry.  Im always second best
Duce cuddles her walking out the observation room, I, too. I wipe a new set of tears.
They slowly walk together down the inner hallway of the dome going passed the childrens art exhibition from the school. They pass the work station providing water, food and equipment where all adults go to work outside in the dusty moon maintaining the housing domes for survival. They walk passed the merry-go-round and big slide where they played on as young children.
They pass the water station for drinking fresh water anytime then clothing store without admiring the new fashion apparel. The common shops for food, water, supplies, and school do not have doors only archways if a person is caught stealing anything but water then he or she is immediately vacuumed into cold black outer space. The person dies in 7.2 seconds without any proper air support, a proper justice trial without a judge, jury or executor.
Duce twists us towards the solar tram car.
The moon of Lavan does not rotate around a sun or a star. The day-side faces the edge of Intragalaxy viewing the pretty pink gas vapors and yellow dust clouds floating and entwining round and round creating a brown dust field almost blinding the bright yellow and white lights of the closest stars. The night-side does not house any life forms since the temperature air is too cold at negative 4,000 degrees.
The tram car is labeled Right or Left. Theres no such thing as a geographical direction of north, south, east, or west because there are two resident crater villages. One goes right. The other goes left of the central hallway which is dotted with the common shops for food, clothing, and materials.
Aubie lives inside the Left village. Duce occupies the Right village. He kisses then helps her to load into the solar tram car. He winks and smiles. Ill be waiting for ya, when Aubie nods and sobs without smiling or talking.
The door closes as the car swishes down the tracks.

Left Village.
The doors open.
Aubie exits slowly walking along the inner hallway wiping her wet tears on her stained T-shirt before seeing her parents. The long viewing window is a clear wall off her right shoulder shows the moon landscape with raising and twisting mini-dust tornados blowing from the stellar winds and the bright yellow or white or orange stars of some far away moons or planets or planetoids in the black outer space sky. She has never traveled off of Lavan and never will. The residents of Lavan only live on Lavan.
On her left shoulder there are numerous gray-colored ceramic squat buildings on top of each other with a set of gray metal double doors granting entrance into the home. The square archway is painted in various shades of color reflecting the particular family unit from pinky-pink, hot red, electric blue, dark green, sparking silver, and neon orange depending on your family unit design and taste. Surrounding each archway between the double doors the moon artists have fashioned three dimensional colored flower bushes, tall brown palm trees and short grasslets made of shiny ceramic colored moon dust which never dies or overgrows into your sewer system.
The archways travel both in the directions of left and right too. Aubie turns to the right walking down the fake walls of beautyness and fragileness separating each home residence inside the curved dome of the Left Village. If you look straight up into the ceiling of the clear dome you see numerous yellow or white stars, planets and moons.

Her home.
Aubie halts and stares at the double doors of her family unit rubbing the moon stone. Each residential door is activated by the family moon stone with a specific colored element sewn into the fabric of your shirt or blouse, so a person can wonder around any village but not enter a private home resident out of curiosity.
The archway is more smeared with different colors then painted into a pretty design of blue, red, and orange. Aubie hates the color of red. The flower bushes are smeared petals of blue, red, and orange. The two tall trees have painted blue leaves. The grass is orange. She pads closer to the doors when they shift in the opposite direction for entrance. She ignores the low ceiling painted with in orange and yellow stars among the gray, since she has memorized every placement of an orange and yellow dot at three years old. She shifts around the smooth but hard sitting furniture made of moon dust when you stump your naked toe then it causes pain for hours.
She stomps down the narrow hallway passing the music room, the library room, the living room then pads up the stairs. Her and her older sisters bedroom lounges there. She rubs the moon stone on her shirt activating her bedroom door.
She exhales standing inside the archway then looks up. Her room holds a twenty foot ceiling inside the squared-shaped colored four walls. Your eyeballs are drawn to the curved dome of the ceiling for viewing the permanent night sky of bright lights. Her walls are smeared in colors of non-patterns of blue, red, and orange. She surveys cutting her eyeballs left staring at the gray chest of drawer with pink and orange rosebuds as knobs then views the school desk of bright orange and yellow colors holding a gray projector wall monitor for school homework. 
Her eyeballs see the edge of her personal bathroom holding a stand-up shower for bathing, a single toilet for peeing and a set of double sinks for messing up a lot of toothpaste spittle. Her eyeballs view the circular bed frame, not properly made. She has never properly made her bed being a naughty daughter.
Aubie asked her mama about painting the smears of red, blue and orange into a design of green horses but she said no.
Aubie exhales then studies her closet. Empty! She wears her torn and patched blue jeans, very comfortable around her butthole and her worn brown cowgirl boots, very comfortable around her toes.
She views the projector wall showing black since she is attending the happy birthday party now. She exhales with depression then swings into the hallway. Aubie picks at the moon stone sewn into the fabric of the shirt.
Aubie pads down the stairs then into the kitchen seeing the occupants sitting at the table. Her mama and daddy possess light brown hair and brown eyes. They stand short between five feet and five feet and three inches on the plump side.
Her mama fakes a smile then fingers the object, when her older sister appears at the doorway. Her mama frowns with fury. Youre almost late for Aubies birthday party and you are unpresentable too. This is your sisters happy birthday party, the only one she gets from us. Go back up into your room and change out of your soiled clothes and into that pretty light blue outfit with the matching earrings and neck. The only one laid out your bed then return in two shakes of a lambs tail before I set the supper food on the table
She looks fine. This is okay for me. Lets celebrate my birthday now, Aubie slides into an empty chair along with her elderly sister. Aubie studies the single cupcake of white icing and sweet bread holding one single flaming candle. She scans the table seeing sadness then feels angry instead of sorry-ness. She leans into the burning candle then blows. The candle extinguishes the flame.
Lavan receives a bombardment of constant heat and light from the glowing gases of Intragalaxy. The daylight temperature starts at 265 degrees and goes beyond both heat and brightness based on the mode of the pink gases and yellow clouds of Intragalaxy. The moon scientists have brilliantly invented zillions of solar cells to capture all the seeing light and crawling heat built into the glass domes siphoning it into solar engines heating the gray walls of each residence. The solar heat and light powers everything from the kitchen blender for a banana and strawberry shake to the projector-wall for entertainment communication. The moon dome is made of glass components mixed with the surface crust from the gray dust of the moon. The drinking water is evaporated from the oxygen isotopes within the moons crust. Everyone on the moon has a job for the survival of the small colony of people.
Her daddy builds the BUDI robots. BUDI stands for Body Uniform Defense Implacement which is used by the workers outside of the domes for repairing the ceramic tiles for heat and the glass tiles for light while protecting the life forms from the nasty non-breathable atmosphere.
Happy birthday, Aubie, her mama nods and smiles fingering the single cupcake.
Happy birthday, Aubie, her daddy nods and smiles without fingering the single cupcake.
Wheres my cupcake, Mama? her older sister frowns with confusion.
Her mama says. Tell your sister happy birthday, a second born child is very special to her parents like Aubie.
Aubie exhales viewing the cupcake. Thanks, I feel special too.
Her daddy smiles and nods. Here on the moon it is our permanent home. We are very lucky each and every day of our simple lives...
Her mama scoots the small wrapped box to Aubie. We got you a present Aubie for your special day of your seventeenth year of birth as our second child, when Aubie snatches the present then rips off the pretty blue wrapping paper. She raises the object.
Her older sister frowns with confusion then views her mama. A body beacon, thats a tiny body beacon. Ugh, ya give Aubie a body beacon for her seventeenth birthday
Her mama nods and smiles. A good devise, it is colored in dark blue, your favorite color.
Her older sister frowns with puzzlement. A body beacon measures your vital signs like the heart rate, the pulse rate, and the respiratory breathing so when youre lost out in outer space they can find your body after youre dead and gone
Her mama stands and nod. You have an appointment at the Observation Tower now. Isnt that correct, Aubie? 
Aubie whispers then stands. Dang! Yes, maam, well, I guess this is have a great day of my birth as your second born.
Her mama nods and smiles. Happy birthday, Aubie.
Her daddy nods and miles. Happy birthday, Aubie.
Aubie back steps from the table without eating one bite of the pretty white cupcake holding the body beacon. She swings towards the archway then exits her home. She is greeted by Duce with a smile and a hug when the girl runs into Duces rear end.
Female: tall, teen, slender, red hair, green eyes. Nast giggles. Sorry about my forward collision to your rear end, Duce. Is it your birthday too tonight, Aubie? she rattles her small present. Its my birthday too with a great big cake and new clothes and lots of unwrapped birthday gifts. My daddy told me to report to the Observation Tower for a great big surprise of my new job, since I am technically an adult. I finished all my school exams with a high grade too, giggles and smiles.
Duce and Aubie laughs then views Nast.
Nast looks pretty wearing a round pink skirt that twirls from her legs when elegantly marching along the tile paired with her new thigh-high pink boots with two-inches of heel making her both taller and sexy. Her white turtleneck fabric is surrounded with pink moon stones gleaming from the moonlight of Intragalaxy. Some parents allow their children matching moon stone bracelets and earrings along with a single ring that services as a mobile communication devise also.
Duce swings Aubie around as they pad towards the solar cram car. He says. Yeah, were going to report to the Observation Tower for our new jobs too.
Nast frowns with worry. Goshie, I hope that Im not picked to mine the rock for oxygen isotopes. The oxygen isotopes are split for oxygen to breathe and water to drink. My daddy is mayor of Left Village. I should receive a glamour job being a very important daughter, giggles then bumps into his arm. Duce, your name means second. I am second born too. How quaint for the both of us, darling? she winks at him.
Duce nods and cuddles Aubie when the car door opens. They enter.

Observation Tower.
Duce and Aubie cuddle together inside the archway of the room.
Male: elderly, pale skin, tall, slender, bald, scars on forehead, cheek, chin and neck. He smiles and laughs in a loud voice. I can always tell a second born on Lavan. All got red hair, pale skin and tall with long arms and legs. Okay, everyone follow me. Were taking a special ship to the bottom of the moon, the coldest place on Lavan, leads towards the glass entrance door then loads into the saucer ship. Duce and Aubie sits along the corner wall when Nast scoots close to Duce. She touches his kneecap, winking. The tall male stands and yells in front of the viewing window as the ship launches from the platform of the observation tower. Were on a specially modified ship. This ship holds one continuous viewing window going around the top half of the saucer. This is your moment to see the moon in full roundness. Everyone look out the window and shut your mouths. The moon features has viewing window craters and patches of dark or light shadows reflected by the glowing rays of Intragalaxy. Ya probably read this information from your academic learning, but being second borns I know that some of you didnt. So I repeat for good measure. The roundness and isolation of the moon blocks all vocal communications to and from any type of outer space ships only a direct encounter with a ship will provide vocal communication. Our moon doesnt generate its own light but absorbs light and heat from Intragalaxy. The residential moon domes capture the drifting heated rays for solar power working the cram car for transportation to the kitchen oven for food, fingers the window. Ya can see that the moon out here among the stars looks a little more sphere-shaped than round-shaped. The dark and light sides divide a line parting the middle like a piece of fruit which I ate for dinner. The dark side never sees light. No matter ya always face Intragalaxy, smiles and nods.
He keeps repeating that phrase, Aubie whispers to Duce.
The tall female fingers the object floating stationary outside the ship. Sir, what is that object behind our ship? It looks like a wall of gray matter. Is that a natural phenomenon too? I have never seen that wall before.
The male fingers the moon. Ill explain the great big ugly wall in a few more moments. Were going park and land on the South Pole of our moon. The base actually straddles the night side and the day side. No matter ya always face Intragalaxy. The night side receives no light or heat with a steady temperature of negative 420 degrees. There is no erosion of the soil within this crater. This is the largest crater on our moon at 220 miles in diameter formed by an up swelling of lava more than two billion years ago but currently holding healthy and alive nine Lavanians, when the ship docks on a raised platform. He yells and motions. Everyone follows me, walks out the ship then down a narrow hallway. He enters the first door then walks around the room.

South Pole. cold. bright light. Hours 22. Minutes 11. Late evening.
The room is rectangular-shaped with three solid walls of glass from ceiling to flooring viewing the wall of gray-coloring. You cannot see the edge of Intragalaxy or the bright shiny stars beyond the window unless you lean into the glass and then stretch your neck upwards towards the black sky. But you can see the bigger object hovering in front of the glass. The tall bald male yells walking towards the front of the room. Welcome to South Pole. I am called Rustler for a specific reason. Anyways, I wanna ya to meet my big ugly bucket of bolts
Male: teen, red hair, green eyes, slender, tall. He smiles and nods coming into the doorway, fingers the window. Thats a BUDI robot used by my daddy for gathering rocks of oxygen isotopes, since our world lacks both water and atmosphere. So we created the BUDI robot for work. Im Gnott. Oxygen isotopes are located inside the moon rocks allowing us to extract pure oxygen molecules from the rock then we bottle it like milk. We use a seismometer to detect any moonquakes shows any shifted tectonic activity within the moons crust which splits apart the moon rock for easy extracting of the oxygen isotopes. My parents are isotopes gathers. I wanna be one too.
Rustler nods and smiles. Pretty close, second born! This is a new Budi with two bigger hands. I like to call claws because the fingers are shaped and made with thick prickly sharp thorns for catching stuff. Second borns
Nast stomps her fashion boot crossing her arms inside the archway then yells. Goshie, I have a name. My name is Nast. I demand that you call me Nast, not second born, sir.
Rustler snorts behind the low podium. Second borns, please select any podium around the room. This is a training room and youre about to be trained up for your new job. The podium holds a projector table for learning your new job and doing some really fun stuff, laughs and watches every person stand behind a podium.
My parents map the size and shape of any traces of new craters for location of new moon domes. A crater holds a lighter shade of materials that has been splashed out of the soil when the crater was formed due to the exposure of the radiation balls of Intragalaxy. The crater wall is the downward sloping portion of the crater which anchors to the bottom end of each dome by a special compound of moon rock and frozen water droplets. The crater floor is a smooth flat space of soil providing a base for building a moon house. The central peak of a crater is the splash effect caused by the kinetic energy of the lava heat and cold space air. My parents are called moon inspectors. I wanna do that too. Can I train up to do that too? My name is Knik, nods the tall, red-hair and pale skin teenager.
Rustler says. The moon is littered with millions of big and small craters coming from meteorites or meters for shorten pronunciation. When a meteor hits the moon then boom, chuckles. The biggest recorded creation crater was caused by an impact about 29,000 years ago. The explosion was visible to the naked eyeballs inside the stratosphere then hit our planet at a speed of 90,000 miles per hour. Our planet tilted first then slowly caught on fire followed with land quakes. Our ancestors flew off and landed on the single moon. Within Intragalaxy theres a sun 875000 miles going across the equator. Our planet was 8,000 miles going across the equator. Our moon is 1800 miles going across the equator which is the smallest stationary celestial body within Intragalaxy. The moon crater where Left Village lies is 60 miles wide. Our closet neighbor is the gaseous planetoid called Voloss which is 89,000 miles across. Thats a big planet of lots of people to give ya some comparison of life forms
Aubie leans over to Duce. How does he know about our moon being the smallest body within Intragalaxy and about a second planet? Weve never learned about other planets with people before in school
Duce frowns at the projector table studying the electronic BUDI. Dont know.
Rustler thumbs behind his collar bone, smiling. Alright, behind me is a wall of gray colored rock. Yall never have seen the wall unless youre an adult and work outside the domes. A quick history lesson first, the moon is covered in mountains and valleys. The mountains were created from volcanic eruptions blasting up heated dust then falling over the raises lava hill way before any of us were birthed. Craters are the most common surface features of our moon because they come from falling rocks or fiery rocks called meteorites
Female: tall, slender, red hair, pale skin, green eyes. She nods and smiles standing at the low podium. My name is Minto. The moons soil is composed of ancient rock fragments and volcanic glass particles in the pretty colors of pink, green, orange, red, blue, black, and silver. Thats why we have such pretty colors outside around the archway and fake flowers and plants and inside my bedroom which is colored orange. I love the color of orange. When do I go back home tonight? I miss my warm bed, nods.
Rustler exhales then frowns with worry. Yall are a batch of tall bucks and cute does. Those were some of the roaming land animals from our planet a long time ago. The meteorites that bombard our moon come from Intragalaxy. We live at the edge of Intragalaxy for eons. Intragalaxy sometimes gets too heated and hot then tosses her fiery rocks into outer space since we are the closest stationary object, then the moon gets in the pathway of the meteorites, exhales. This wall behind my back blocking the window view is our defense weapon for the flying meteorites. The meteorites slam into the wall then melt like hot butter on dry toast. When the meteorite slams into the wall its red hot then cools and turns dull gray. You are seeing the remnants of 29,000 years of cool flying meteorites which protect our moon from being pulverized into moon dust. So you are here for one purpose to defend the moon against the flying fiery meteorites from Intragalaxy
Duce exhales then frowns with nervousness, saying loudly for the eardrums of the teens. I am second born in my family. I am here to train and learn how to operate a BUDI and defend and save the moon domes from the bombardment of the fiery meteorites. This is a danger, damage and destruction job as a second born of Lavan
What did he say? Knik frowns with puzzlement rocking side to side at his podium.
Youre totally wrong, Duce. Minto frowns with annoyance slamming her fist into the podium.
What!? Nast frowns with confusion waving her hands and arms.
Aubie whispers, studying the wall outside the viewer window. I am second born to defend the moon and lives of my family. I am second best
Rustler fingers Duce. The second born is correct. This job is filled with danger, damage and destruction. You will learn to ignore all three to survive
Whats he talking about? Goshie, Im the daughter of the mayor of Left Village, Nast frowns with frustration.
Who told you that lie, sir? Knik frowns with puzzlement.
What kind of sick humor is this, sir? I demand to go home, Minto frowns with worry then back steps from her podium.
Rustler presses the button as the door locks inside the room. I sorry yall. You are second born. You are born only to fulfill one purpose of a lot of someone elses life forms which is to defend the moon. Now heres how its done? From the tip of the North Pole down towards the crater of the South Pole the moon measures close to1800 miles in tallness or length. We have added another 100 extra miles expanding outwards from the North Pole and at the South Pole which makes the total length of 2000 miles of tallness of the moon dimensions. Also at the edges of the invisible west pole and at the invisible east pole, since there dont exist a west or east pole, we have added an additional 100 extra miles too expanding the perimeter of the wall shielding. We did this to form an almost square wall of gray that protects the entire roundness of the moon and the delicate moon domes. At the tip of the North Pole two BUDIs stand and protect the dusty moon surface. At the South Pole two BUDIs stand and protect the dusty moon surface. Along the invisible east pole it measures plain visible edge of 2000 miles of vertical edge of the wall which is guarded every 250 miles as we stand protect with eight BUDIs. The same distance and number of BUDIs stand and protect the visible line of the west pole too on the day side only. We dont care about the night side, since no Lavanians live or work there. Each one of you will learn and operate an individual BUDI hovering and protecting a square edge of the wall. I promise. You are standing in front of a projector table. The table shows an electronic image of a BUDI like the one outside. You will be operating a BUDI like the one outside. A BUDI is a Body Uniform Defense Implacement, body armor you wear outside in outer space. The BUDI is weird looking. It is designed in the shape of a person without a skull, a collar bone, two shoulder blades, back muscles and a chest. The lower body shows a straight line from the human waist down towards two separate legs and two rounded feet. The rounded feet houses two separate cockpits in case of an emergency. I think you know what I mean. The left feet is your first cockpit where you stand and operate the BUDI using a set of twin levers duplicating the ones before your eyeballs on top the low podium. The BUDI has extremely long arms for reaching out to the flying meteorite coupled with a set of two extremely oversized hands. The hands are shaped into eight claws for grabbing the flying meteorites. Think it like catching a ball as a young child between your hands. You will be duplicating that childish game with your BUDIs claws and arms. When the meteorite comes towards your capture field you will buzz the BUDI into position and then catch it. You fling it into the wall. The fiery meteorite builds upon the wall making it stronger and longer for protecting the moon
Duce frowns with confusion. If the wall is stronger and longer from eons then you dont need us second borns for all the extra deadly work. Isnt the wall strong enough for a massive attack of meteorites?
Rustler nods and smiles. Youre smart, second born. The wall is indeed stronger and longer only because we continue to build upon it with the gooey flaring heated meteorites. If we allow the wall to endure a pounding of fiery meteorites then it will collapse and expose the moon domes. You will operate the BUDI within a 250 miles radius of your neighboring BUDI and outer space. There will be a warning alarm along with your naked eyeballs when a meteorite is heading your way. Dont worry! The meteorites are almost only 200 feet or so wide across. The BUDI is 300 feet with an arm span of 600 feet which can easily catch a 200 feet ball of fire
Really! Aubie eye rolls then views Duce. He frowns with worry and views the gray wall.
Rustler says. Id like for you to do a practice run with the electronic BUDI on your projector table for fun. Then Ill test and critique your catching and flinging ability with the electronic BUDI before your real assignment
Nast shouts and tosses her arms. No, Im the daughter of the mayor of Left Village
Knik frowns with confusion. Im going to be a moon inspector like my parents.
Minto sobs with tears. I dont wanna be here. I wanna go home... 
Can we blast the flying meteorites out of the heavens before it impacts against the wall or me? Duce asks.
Rustler shakes his baldness. Naw, theres a little thing call gravity. Wethey live on the moon without gravity but the entire moon is a gravity field pulling objects into the atmosphere then slamming them onto the moon surface. The pull on the moon brings one single object at a speed of 2112 miles per hour. The moon is stationary and locked by the gods, chuckles.
Nast crosses her arms. Goshie, I do not find your amusing joke funny
Rustler grabs the levers. Okay, grab each lever by each hand then slam the levers together at the same time then the twin claws with catch the meteorite. If you miss the meteorite, well then I will say my good-bye now, chuckles. Jerk the levers apart then the machine will automatically fling the meteorite into the gray wall with a fiery tail and red flames. Dont watch the flinging meteorite burn. You need to watch the viewer window for the next meteorite. The meteorite showers occur at clocked interludes at nine in the morning and three in the afternoon. The meteorites fling out like an arc high up into the outer space then are pulled down towards the moons atmosphere. The bombardment looks really pretty too filled with flaring tail colors of pink, red, yellow, blue, green, orange and gold. The bombardment mostly hit right in the middle of the wall but sometimes one or two stray meteorites bounce to the side then attack the edge of the wall. The entire horizon event last for fifteen minutes and a few seconds since 29,000 years ago. Fifteen minutes is a short period of time in your short lives too. So thats your job to catch then fling the meteorite into the wall, so the wall absorbs the radiation, gas, heat, vapors, and heated stuff. Then the meteorite shower stops flinging out rocks and its done and finished. I dont know why either, so dont bother asking me to explain. This has been the ritual of Intragalaxy for 29,000 years, so we follow the same routine. Now lets practice your BUDI catch and toss. Ill walk around the room watching and marking down your performance and giving you a score. A little hint, the highest scorer of the catches gets the best position posted on the edge of the wall. This is a fair competition among yall. Ready, set and go! he walks around the room.
Aubie watches her projector table when the tiny alarm pings. She scans the blackness representing outer space then sees a red rock flying towards her. The claws are open and ready for the catch as her hands sweat on the levers while the rock veers towards her capture field. She pants then gasps with anticipation then smashes the claws together catching the red rock. She jerks the twin levers apart as the rock flies towards her left out of the view of the window. She smiles and nods when the tiny alarm pings for a second time. She watches and waits sweating on the twin levers then catches the second rock. She jerks open the levers as the rock is ejected into the wall when the alarm pings a third time.

Five minutes later.
Rustler slaps Aubie on her collar bone, smiling and nodding. Youre a good BUDI operator number two.
Aubie exhales not smiling. Thank you! she whispers. Im always second best
Rustler walks and stands at his podium, nodding. Duce is the number catcher in the class. Great job, son, presses a button when the window blackens. This is a mini-duplication of an outline of the wall. The South Pole positions hold the numbers 17 and 18. The North Pole position is not numbered because it is manned by me, the boss. The number one is assigned to the extreme northwest corner of the wall. The rest of the odd numbers will fall down below the number one position along the western wall edge. The number two post is assigned to the extreme northeastern corner of the wall. The rest of the even numbers will fall down below the number two along the eastern edge of the wall. I have assigned your numbers based on your scores at your podiums. The only thing between the moon and Intragalaxy is this wall. So we are the builders of the wall. This is your purpose in life. You will be placed on the morning shift with the least amount of fiery rocks heading towards you from Intragalaxy. You can party all night but you will report to your work station at six in the morning or else. And I promise about the or else part too. Id like to add that Im many years older than you. I worked the BUDI the day after my birthday of seventeen years old. I survived for many, many years the fiery meteorites working my way up to this position. After this class session Ill retire to the moon dome and one of you will take my place, possibly. This ends my lecture and lesson. Ya understand the concept. Back to my growling stomach, ya can grab some dinner with me down the hallway then come back and train or go to your room and party. Its your choice. This is your training day and your training room now. Tomorrow, its your assignment room so you should train up on your individual BUDI for the real job tomorrow morning, Rustler laughs, exiting the room. Some of the teens follow him looking for food.
Nast frowns with confusion staring at the projector table then the BUDI and then the wall. I dont understand. What does all of this have to do with me? Im the mayors daughter of Left Village. Daddy promised me a desk job
Duce works the lever watching his BUDI sail back and forth on the projector table. We have all been genetically altered, Nast. Did your parents tattle to ya?
Nast frowns with confusion studying the console with her finger tips. Naw, Im not genetically altered.
Duce works the lever of the BUDI with perfection. Nast, youre tall and skinny. I bet your parents are short like mine with short arms and legs. Have ya not wondered about your physical beauty and red hair? Look around at all the other teens in our class, we all got red hair and pale skin.
Nast frowns with puzzlement. Naw, I never wondered about my appearance I take after my grandmother.
Aubie laughs. We all take after someones grandmother. I find it a sheer coincidence that we are all taller, skinner and paler then our biological parents. All of us possess red hair and pale skin. We could be brothers and sisters if I were day dreaming during my sleepy time
Nast sneers. Stop acting silly, Aubie. I dont understand any of this. Im not involved in any of this. Im calling my daddy. Hell straighten this out for me. Sorry, I cant help either one of yall
Duce works the lever. I was told my second born role by my first born brother. He wants my bedroom on the upper floor when I used to live there. Now he lives there. He was very unkind and uncaring to me since I can remember. At the age of thirteen he whispered why I was born with red hair, not black hair. I possessed pale skin, not dark skin and I had green eyes, not brown eyes. Then I started closely examining all the folks in my school class and home environment and shopping the stores. My older brother was correct. I am tall, slender, red hair and green eyes. When I talked with other tall and slender red-haired and green-eyed boys and girls then I learned the truth.
Nast frowns with fury. What truth?
Duce exhales jerking both levers. Me and you are born the second position in the biological family. I am second born, not first born. I am to defend the moon base and save my familys life until the day I finally die and go into heaven
No. Nast shakes her red curls then sobs with tears. No, youre fibbing. This is a training class for my new job for being a desk person at my daddys office tomorrow
Aubie works the levers catching the next flying meteorite. Then ponder this statement Nast, we are all conceived in the same month of the same year as a new patch of pongs for destruction. My birthdays today like yours. Duce was yesterday along with Kniks and some of the other teens located here tonight. There exactly eighteen of us to fill in around the empty edges of the gray wall. How does that compute within your stupid brain cells now, Nast?
Nast gasps and views the wall then the projector table then her hands. She places her hands over her face then sobs.

Year 17. Day 1. Hours 8. Minutes 30. early morning.
Aubie rose scared from the loud alarm inside the female compartment that she shared with the other girls last night. She dressed in her worn jeans and boots then gathered outside in the hallway. Rustler led the boys and girls into a separate dressing room down the hallway. Aubie entered with the girls then changed out of her comfortable jeans and boots into a robe hiding her nakedness.
Currently, Aubie sits inside a chair when the buzzing scissors shaves her skull as her long red hair falls over the robe or down into her lap or onto the tiles. She does not cry but hears the sobs of the other girls. She recalled seeing the baldness of Rustler and the scars across his face and neck from his job as a BUDI catcher.
This is her new life as a second born. Aubie is to defend the moon or die trying to defend the moon where her loving and caring family unit lives and thrives.
The girl taps Aubie on the collar bone when she rises from the chair. She follows the girls into the bathroom then stripes off her robe. She enters the hot running shower drowning the sorrow of her new life as a second born. She washes off the itchy hair follicles then dries her nakedness.
She follows the girls into a new dressing room hearing heavy sobs and seeing tears flowing down naked faces. She sees the line of dark blue one-piece uniforms with varied sizes. She finds the uniform that fits her height and weight dressing coupled with a pair of matching comfortable tall boots.
Aubie follows the girls into the training room hearing the loud sobs.
Rustler stands at the podium, nodding. I am sorry. The first day is the hardest. Well, I guess the first day was yesterday. The second days the hard too. Your hair has been shaven off because you need hundred and ten percent complete vision of sight without any set of annoying bangs or ponytails or side burns. Everyone got shaven. And everyone got robbed too. You have probably found that your jewelry and your personal communication rings are missing. Dont worry! I didnt do it. The hired staff members did under orders of me. The hired staff members are former BUDI catchers too who have survived the bombardment of fiery meteorites
Duce laughs. Rustler, did someone rob me of my space helmet that matches my space suit? I like the smooth silky feel and dark blue color. Wheres my air pressure helmet with lots of oxygen for breathing in outer space
Rustler frowns then says. That is a very good question. And I have a lousy answer. There is no helmet over your face or gloves for your hands. The interior of the cockpit of BUDI is free flowing with lots of oxygen for breathing. The cockpit is also heated to prevent hypothermia from the cold outer space. So you didnt need the helmet or gloves.
Knik raises his hand, frowning with worry. Rustler, what about my communication device for yelling for assistance? Is there another device inside the BUDI for that?
Rustler shakes his baldness. Naw, no vocal or button communication devise. The BUDI runs automatically for each one of ya. Your job is to catch and claw the flying meteorite than fling it into the wall building up the defensive shield.
Minto wipes the tears from her face then softly asks. What about if I get injured and need immediate rescuing from the BUDI thing? How will I communicate my personal injury and pain?
Rustler nods and smiles. Your body beacon, ya got one as a present from me last night at your home. It has been sewn into your new slick uniform. You cant tell its there too. So any more questions? Duce raises his hand when Rustler views him and frowns with puzzlement. Second born!?
Duce exhales then frowns with frustration. Sir, I am second born. I am here to defend the moon by continuously building upon the wall. However I do know that the man-made wall didnt exist a long time ago. The wall is not a natural phenomenon within Intragalaxy. Why was the man-made wall build? Why was the second born child cursed here at the South Pole for defending the other lives inside the moon dome and protecting a dang wall of rock? It wasnt like this before the explosion of the planet eons ago, nods.
Rustler exhales then nods. Youre correct, second born. I normally do not include the original story of the second born curse, chuckles with the others. Eons ago our home world exploded when some of our ancestors escaped and crash landed on the moon. They quickly built the moon domes inside the moon craters since the craters are deep offering protection from flying meteorites, stellar winds and other celestial storms within Intragalaxy. There were originally three moon domes. Times were tough and hard finding oxygen and food and fighting off the daily heat and the nightly cold plus dealing with the unexpected and violent stellar storms. One night the bombardment of flying meteorites completely destroyed the third moon dome. Out of honor for the folks, the remaining family units decided to surrogate a second child for the lost third colony. The smart scientists retrieved DNA then implanted into three-fourths of the family units. Over time, the surrogate children became taller, smarter, prettier, stronger, and faster than the leftover children and teens from the existing two moon domes. Another night, there was another bombardment of flying meteorites damaging the first moon dome bad enough causing some deaths within the family units, except the surrogate children all survived. The next day the surrogate children who had grown into adults came up with a brilliant solution to construct a wall in front of the moon. The colony didnt possess advance star ship capability only minor stuff like flying off and around the moon for a couple of trips then landing back inside the moon dome. So all the scientists worked together and came up with a plan of building a wall made from the volcanic ash on the dark side of the moon. Everyone worked constructing portions of the wall and operated a BUDI doing the outer space work. The BUDI was invented first by one of the surrogate adults. The wall was constructed then completed before another violent bombardment of flying meteorites from Intragalaxy. During the bombardment of meteorites a team of scientists composed of the smart and pretty surrogate children volunteered to monitor the activity from outer space. Actually the team safely hovered away in the far distance staying inside the BUDIs from both the wall and the moon. Of course, the weak wall of moon ash collapsed then the rocks damaged the first moon dome with more serious deaths and numerous causalities, except to the surrogate children and adults. During the bombardment the science team batted flying fiery rocks coming towards them at the wall using the system of mechanical limbs. After all was damaged and done the wall portion formed from the free flying meteorites cooled and then plugged the holes in the wall. So a science team composed of the surrogate adults was assembled to catch the meteorites then toss them into the wall while building it tall and wide to cover the face of the moon. During each bombardment of flying meteorites the surrogate team was very successful. The wall grew taller, longer, and stronger until there was a bad, bad accident. During the bombardment of the flying meteorites one of the surrogate science teams get killed by the flying rocks trying to capture too many meteorites during the violent storm. After all say and done, the science teams flew back to their moon dome which had been reconstructed from the remnants of the third dome after their great-great grandparents then refused to participate in the deadly task of capturing the meteorites. The wall was build and the moon domes were all safe. During the next bombardment of flying meteorites the wall take a bad pounding when a few stray meteorites busted through the broken weakened portions of the wall then slammed directly into the second moon dome. Lots of moon folks injured and some killed from that particular fierce and fiery bombardment. The other folks of the two other moon domes demanded that the surrogates return to the wall and continue to repair and replace the broken holes in the wall. The surrogates refused then the moon folks murdered them, when gasps from the teens invade the room. He nods. Yeah, the surrogates had built a nice moon dome away from the first and second dome and they were safely living behind the wall. The South Pole, right here the surrogates built this complex with their BUDIs. There is plenty of water for air and food for thousands of years. The surrogates were smart. They didnt need the moon folks. They were happy and alive living out of the way of the flying meteorites. So the moon folks killed them in cold blood. After all and done, the scientists stole the DNA from the dead adults then implanted into the moon folk women. The first surrogate children were born then seventeen years later on the first day of their birthdays the first teens were ordered to the South Pole to repair the crumbling wall and then to defend it against the bombardment of flying meteorites. If took one generation of the new batch of surrogates to get the wall completed constructed then the surrogates refined the defensive process helping them live a little bit longer. Over the centuries the refinement defensive progress has improved saving the wall and some surrogate lives and all the moon family units have a baby from the original surrogate DNA. Some of the moon folks have birthed second, third, fourth and fifth surrogates babies since young married couples. They call them all second borns who come up and defend the wall at seventeen years old too. The second borns are taller, smarter, stronger, and prettier than the ugly vile moon folks down there. I know what youre thinking. The moon folks dont think or invent or wanna leave the moon. They have it nice and cozy. There is no advanced technology of star ship traveling around Intragalaxy. It would probably take decades to invent star ship capability before you can fly away from here and beyond the stars. So why not escape? Escape to where? Somewhere in outer space within Intragalaxy, we are far, far away from any other populated planet. How to escape? The BUDIs have limited amount of oxygen and are pre-programmed for short-term flights to and from the South Pole. Yeah, you can escape. I aint going to stop, but ya wont get too far. Yeah, some teens have tried and failed never to see them again. Yall die from suffocation of no air inside the robot or starvation of no water inside the robot or the worse yall face a savage race on a populated planet if the robot gets you that far. This is a vicious galaxy. Folks kill folks for fun. This is the second born curse, when some of the girls sob. Rustler nods. Your job today is to hover in your assigned post along the edge of the wall then catch and toss any incoming fiery rocks. The bombardment of fiery meteorites will begin in thirty minutes, when the teens moan. He nods. This is the scary day but you will survive it. I promise. I did and you will. Please follow me to the docking pad. Each one of your BUDI is ready and operational. No matter, ya always face Intragalaxy, walks and exits the room.
Aubie exhales, viewing the wall, feels nervousness and fear of dying in about thirty minutes, when Duce hugs her. He kisses her lips then smiles, swinging them towards the archway. They see Nast who stops and rubs her naked skull then sobs into the handkerchief. Duce says. Im so happy to be shaven, chuckles.
Aubie frowns with depression. Now we know why we are born and reared in a mean family unit. I know my parents didnt like I just didnt know the reason why. Im a surrogate for dying while saving their lives on the moon. Im really scared, frightened, nervous, afraid, sad, depressed
He sweet breathes into her lips. I got a secret to share with ya. You and me are numbers one and two from the BUDI testing yesterday. Were posted at the northwestern and northeastern corners of the wall. I talked with Rustler last night during supper. I get hungry whether death or not cometh, chuckles. Anyways, we got lucky, babe!
Aubie exhales rubbing her baldness and viewing the shiny tiles. No, were second borns with a single duty of death and destruction
Naw, baby! We got the bestest posts on the wall. Rustler told me that when a meteorite comes looking for me just to swing out of the way. Dont bother catching it! She halts when Duce drags her towards the docking pad. He whispers. Dont act brave now! Act normal, honey. Rustler told me that the arc of the meteorite always hits in the middle of the wall or along the middle to lower edges of the wall. The meteorite rarely hits the top half of the wall. He stands on the very top of the wall. When a meteorite comes towards him he bats it away instead of catching with his claws or runs away without getting harmed. Rustler told me that he scored a perfect mark during his day at seventeen years old and was posted in the northwestern spot for many, many years. He rarely got hit and dont bother to catch a meteorite when one was coming at him during his teen and young adult and mature adult years. He dodged left or right of the rock saving his buttonhole...
Aubie halts and stares into his green eyes. This is a fib, a lie, or a ruse. He told us yesterday what our duty is on the wall. I dont believe him or you.
Duce cuddles her then walks into the docking pad. Rustler is elderly like my daddy, Aubie. I believe him and plan to follow his wise advice. I want you also. Do not catch any one of the flying meteorites coming towards you today. If I see you doing that then Im going to dart across the wall and save your life. I love you, Aubie. We can outlive this second born stuff and get married and have a child but no second children. Please live for me
Aubie exhales and studies his sad face then nods. I love you, Duce. I will follow your advice, views the other teens. But we might live through the day and some of them will not
Duce exhales and studies the other teens. I know but the test was fair and just. I did my best catching all ten of the ten electronic rocks, a hundred percent ranking of number one
She grins and nods. I caught ten out of ten rocks too. How come your get named the number one spot?
Duce winks. The test was based on the highest catches but in case of a tie it was measured on the fastest catch time for ten rocks. I beat ya by two seconds, babe. Im the bestest, kisses her lips then pulls back, smiling.
She exhales and fakes a smile. Im always second best
Duce stands in front of the tall BUDI, rubbing the metal, views the machine. It looks like a chopped up gingerbread man to me without a rounded skull and some wimpy shoulders. The metal is smooth and shiny. This is a new model. They provide the best to the defenders of the moon. Im glad my daddy is a builder of the BUDI. He did something right. After I survive this stuff Im going to find him then bust his jaw line with my fist
Aubie is too nervous to smile or laugh but nods. You can do that to my biological daddy too after we survive and get married with happiness. Get inside your BUDI. Rustler is waving his hands at us, when Duce kisses her and winks. I love you, Duce.
He smiles. I love you, Aubie. Hustle out of the way of all rocks like me. This will be finished in a fast paced fifteen minutes or so. Stay sharp and out of the way. Gimme another kiss for luck, she kisses him then he swings towards his BUDI.
Aubie walks along the flat ramp coming from the left foot of the BUDI then enters a tiny square shaped room. The automatic flap closes then bolts locking her inside the BUDI in case she wants to escape which she really does. She stands in the middle of the room. Three walls of colored metal silver show no art works or metal controls or viewing windows. She realizes the walls are more for protection than beauty.
The single wall holds a large viewing window covering three-fourths of the wall for not missing a flying red rock. She giggles then stands at the console. The twin levers are apart indicating the twin claws are outstretched in the pose of catching one rock.
The BUDI ignites the engine then lifts from the pavement without her pressing any buttons or shouting any vocal commands. She realizes that the computer has been programmed to lift off at a certain time and follow a certain flight path probably so the nervous second borns will not accidentally cause an air borne collision or two with the new machines.
The BUDI swiftly soars upwards from the South Pole as her stomach flip flops with nervous butterflies making the gray wall look like a gray blur. The BUDI halts then hovers between the northwestern corner of the wall and cold black outer space about 50 miles from the wall. The wall is a long line of gray on the left side of her viewer blocking the left eyesight. She cannot visually see the bottom of the wall from inside her BUDI.
She shakes her baldness from those overwhelming scary mental thoughts. Two of the second borns is underneath the huge wall guarding it.
Aubie scans the console with the twin levers then a single tiny stick below the gear, the maneuvering stick. She shifts the single stick to the right as the BUDI sways right just a tad. Then she shifts the single stick a little more to the right as the edge of the gray wall disappears from her viewer window exposing the pretty colors of Intragalaxy. She realizes this is the first time that she has ever seen the true colors of Intragalaxy. From her old bedroom window she was looking at the western star sky patterns all this time.
Intragalaxy glows in pink vapors drifting in individual streams vertically, horizontally, and sideways from the brown cloud. The yellow radiation dust bits appear like fluttering bubbles, rings, and circles ejecting from the brown cloud. Intragalaxy looks like a great big outline of a massive single cloud with the pinks, yellows, oranges, blues and greens sparkles intertwined through the cloud like a sewing thread of a piece of clothing. She smiles. So beautiful
She hears nothing inside the cockpit of the BUDI not wearing a helmet for vocal communication. She scans the wall not displaying a vocal communication device for talking either. She is all alone inside the big machine. She exhales gently touching the twin levers with worry and anticipation. There isnt a clock or counter device of time either. 
She hears a dull boom echo around outer space then sees blackness. Then she sees a line of redness, dropping her mouth at the bombardment of flying red rocks. Intragalaxy has burped not one or two but an array of red rocks approaching the wall trying to attack the moon.
She shifts the BUDI to the right for a better view of the wave of red in the far distance but getting closer. The wave of red decorates the outer space blackness with vivid colors clashing against the pink vapors, yellow dust, blue hydrogen molecules and green methane gas coming from the brown cloud. Then the wave of red arches beautifully into the blackness stepping out of her window as Aubie shifts the stick upwards to capture the whole picture. Then the wave of red descends prettily covering the pinks, yellows, blues, and greens of Intragalaxy as she realizes the wave is one fluid motion of gathered meteorites bunched up together.
The wave of red covers half her screen. She drops her mouth. Goshie, theyre coming. Theyre really coming towards the wall, back steps from the console, panting and gasping. She pants then gasps then extends her arms. She holds her breathe easing the panic, fear, and excitement. She exhales then inhales then exhales with calmness. She walks to the console placing her hands over the levers as the wave of red covers three-fourths of the window in bright flaming red. She sees the vertical plummet of red fires from the rocks at this close range on the viewer window.
She hears the hissing as each rock descends rapidly into the walls gravity pull.
Three rocks hisses then bang with a loud noise into the wall. The wall does not shake or wavier from the violent impact either. A plumb of white steam slowly rises from the assault among the blackness.
Five rocks hiss then bang with a soft sound hitting the wall and the claws of the BUDI. These rocks hit the lower edges of the wall and underneath the wall where numbers 17 and 18 are patrolling.
Aubie watches the viewer window as the wave of red covers the window glass and her eyesight. Her naked hands sweat on the twin levers watching the rocks and listening for the alarm signal. Her face sweats from panic and fear too as the water falls behind her earlobes and neck. The wave of rocks pounds the wall and the edges of the middle to lower wall and then underneath. She cant see the performance of her classmates and doesnt really care at the moment. The moment is surviving the falling red rocks for living another five minutes today.
The alarm sounds indicating a line of rocks coming directly towards her. Aubie sees three rocks flying in a semi-crooked line pondering how to catch all three or only one then pants and gasps. She pants and gasps as the alarm dings and dings for the incoming objects. Aubie exhales then inhales then exhales with calmness, shifting the stick upward as her BUDI flies up towards the heavens, if that exists.
The three rocks fall into her spot. One hits the outer edge of the rock where half sticks to the wall. The other two hit emptiness then falls down into oblivion of open space until it fizzles out of flame and fire. She pants then gasps then pants then gasps with fear then excitement. 
She is alive and has survived the first wave of the red rock bombardment. She giggles. Yeah, back at ya, Intragalaxy. Not today, honey, maybe tomorrow, if youre lucky, babe, the wave of red disappears from her viewer window when she jumps and claps with happiness. Its over. Its over
The BUDI automatically ignites its thrusts then sails back down flying by feet pads not headless shoulders as she giggles with the weird sensation.
 
Docking bay.
The BUDI automatically flies then lands inside the same docking pad spot as the hatch opens. The flat ramp slowly drops as she giggles and claps bouncing out of the hatch with excitement of being alive.
She exits onto the pavement then studies her BUDI. The metal is tinted in red flaring heat and black scorched marks from the flying rocks pieces of the flinging meteorites from directly impact with the wall or from the claws of the other teens. I survived, she whispers, smiles and claps with happiness, studying her BUDI.
Duce comes from behind then spins her around, smiling and chuckling. We survived, kisses her lips then pulls back, smiling. She nods and smiles hugging him. He sweet whispers into her face not wanting the other teens to overhear. We made it out from our first bombardment. I had six rocks fly towards me but I shuffled the tiny maneuver gear to the far left then got out of the way. You did too? she nods and smiles. See, Rustler was right. We got the best posts among the class, he scans the docking pad.
She scans the docking pad then her BUDI. My BUDI landed in the same spot that it flew from. So that means each BUDI is programmed for each one of us but I see some empty spots, frowns with sadness.
Duce cuddles her swinging them towards the archway. Lets get food. Im starving from battle. Yeah, some BUDIs are missing. I overheard some of the teens saying that theyre injured and bloody going to the medical bay. And some teens are missing and death when the rocks smashed into their claws.
Aubie nods. The first three wave of rocks hit towards the lower edges and underneath the wall.
Duce nods. These were the worse positions from the scored tests that get posted down there consisting of numbers unlucky 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, and 18
Yeah, who was number 17 and 18?
Nast and Minto, theyre BUDIs didnt come back
Aubie halts, dropping her mouth. Then who gets to guard underneath the wall replacing numbers 17 and 18?
Duce drags her to walking. Rustler told some of us who ate with him last night that therere some new second borns coming today, this evening like we did. Theyll fill up the empty positions since our class has seniority by one day. This is how it works. This is how you survive. This is how your beat the second born curse. Were off to good start. Rustler told me that you and me will have these posts until, nods and smiles.
Aubie frowns with worry. But if Im challenged by another BUDI test
Naw, no more tests, ya got one test, one chance, one moment. You get, what you got! Thats it! Im the bestest
She hopes that she has good luck this afternoon at three for the second bombardment of red rocks along with her love Duce then softly whispers for her ears only. Im always second best

Chapter 3
Tarn

planet Mercian.
Yellow sun.
Blue sky.
Week 43. Day 1. Hours 8. Minutes 16. EDU center. Dihe outpost one.
I see a rectangular-shaped room. The four walls, the ceiling, and the flooring are made of transparent glass so the beasts, creatures, and critters can dookie in green-colored and pee in pink-colored over the smooth surface making the children giggle, laugh and learn about the wildlife on planet Mercian. I view the yellow sun rays, the blue sky, the white clouds, the green tree limbs, the orange leaves, and the flying brown fleshy fowl and the shiny silver ships in the sky. I see the tree leaves blow from an invisible light breeze and the tree animals chase each others tails around the dark bark. The tree animals drop to the soil running around with fun then I view the crawling critters smearing their green slime onto the glass walls. I blink my eyelids then study the droid: tall, round-shaped, slender piece of silver metal like myyeah.
All the droids are shaped the same from a productive housemaid to an instructive teacher as a piece of tall smooth metal without arms, legs, hands, feet, limbs or appendages like me. The piece of metal flashes its commands in an array of numerous colored hues for a series of various functions. A single tossed light at an object can float the object from point A to point B or blinks in colors as it drones the reply to a vocally posed question such like flower gardening, spinner piloting or scanning the galaxy for pulsating quasars.
The room is an academic learning atmosphere for children to learn about everything. The children float horizontally off the glass flooring in the air inside their individual cozy hover couch wearing a warm blanket of protection and love from their mama. Each set of eyeballs are glued to the glass ceiling where their mental thoughts will project the answer to the posed question from the droid-teacher.
I close my eyelids, seeing darkness then hear.
The droid-teacher drones in a dull monotone. Welcome to EDU center four on Dihe outpost two. Today is day one of week 43. You will be tested on your knowledge of week 42 workflow from the available visual campad and vocal discussion lecture. Question one, how many years has it been since the first documentation of human-like existence within Intragalaxy?
I open my eyelids, seeing the various shaped and colored designs on the glass ceiling, grinning.
Each child has mind-written using the Touch the correct answer, 32,000 years ago. It appears upon the glass ceiling. The mind of each child has scribbled the numbers in their favored color hue and kiddie-type personal writing style. Only a metaphysical being could mind-write on glass coming from the possession of an extraordinary talent, the Touch.
The Touch is an invisible force coming from within the being then exiting out of the being, sometimes with a vicious punch likeyeah. Each Dihe being possesses a distinct degree of the Touch. The long list includes Touch minding, Touch projecting, Touch clarity, Touch moving, Touch healing, Touch speed, Touch dashing, Touch flying, Touch lifting and all really fast.
Second Prime Tarn, the droid-teacher drones.
I exhale then shift my right thigh, kneecap, leg, and foot stretching my aching muscles off the hard tree stump. My chair is an actually a half chopped down tree where the rough tree stump holds myyeah. Then I shift my left thigh, kneecap, leg and foot stretching the crunched muscles down to my boot toes. Then I shift my eyelids to the machine. Present.
Where is your colorful answer, second Prime Tarn? the droid-teacher drones as the dumblings rattle the individual hover couches side to side with movement and kitty-cat and tomcat curiosity. They swing and stare at me for 1.2 seconds then return and face the glass ceiling for the next test question, giggling in various musical pitches.
Dumblings are children not old enough to shave anywhere on their biological bodies. The term dumblings was created by his best bud first Prime Nimtarts when he attended this very same ECU center on a different day earlier in the year too.
I exhale and lean into the hard back rest of the roughly roped individual tree branches comprising the rest of the upright uncomfortable student chair. I close my eyelids and mind-write 32,000 years ago as it appears on the glass in the color of red. Red represents my fighting fury.
Tarn: male, human, seventeen years old, tall, shoulder length blonde hair, blonde facial hair, blue eyes, peach skin tone.
I am ranked as a second Prime within the Dihe tribe. The Dihe talent ladder starts with High Master Dihe and his partner High Mistress Dihe; they are equal. The next level going down to the bottom is first Prime, second Prime then a Primeling. The room is crowded with six and seven year old Primelings from the various species and humans within Intragalaxy. A being is spoken and written and thought as a species or a human or a droid or a dead being.
I study the various humans and species.
On the first row, one couch holds the tiny yellow Apifo, bee-like species. The body is four inches high, rounded with two brown stick-like arms and legs with yellow skin and slanted brown eyes. The Apifo are birthed in a colony to one single pair of male and female parents holding between eleven to twenty baby bees. The couch sits six bees side by side with ejon talents as their naked finger claws and toe claw glow in whiteness. Within the family unit, not every individual possess the ejon glow.
The ECU center is a special school for the Toucher to learn about life and their ejon talents.
Also on the first row one couch holds the tiny Aiivon, bird-like species. They are eight inches tall, curly dark red hair, black bleak nose and mouth, small black beady eyes, and ear holes on a round skull. Ya know the story about the bees and the birds doesnt exist here.
Within the second row, there are four sofas of Singa, monkey-like species who grow tall at seven feet with no tail, six finger nails and six toe nails glow in whiteness of ejon. Ya know the story about the monkeys and the trees does exist here.
On the second row, one couch holds ten Rogentila, rat-like species with purple skin and pink welts of poison from being eaten by their enemy. Also on the second row, two sofas hold nine Feliux, cat-species with ebony skin and colored markings, long tail and tiny ebony pointy ears. Ya know the story of the rat and cat doesnt exist here.
The last row holds individual hover sofas of three Theria, six Canini, and two Pacderdom. The Theria are zebra-like species with a different colored mane and tail from the four colorful hoofs and crooked kneecaps.
The Canini are wolf-like species with tall board shoulders, sharp fangs, brown short course fur, and long skinny legs. They can crush and kill any predator or an annoying Primeling in any heated dog fight.
The Pacderdom are the elephant-like species, curly white hair, nine feet, and red tusks. The three elephant-like species hovers their sofas between the wolves-like species and the zebra-like species, since everyone knows that wolves love to devour the meat of any species including their classmates.
In the far wall corner there is a solo sofa sitting with a single occupant of the Pieuvr. He is an octopus-like species, ten feet tall, and eight arms of silver and blue. The primeling is giggling and wetting with spurting water inside his sofa, the wall and the flooring.
I smile and sit in the rear of the room against the cool window bored out of my mind and frightened of my mom. I am assigned as a watcher for the morning, the late morning, the meal-time, the afternoon, the late afternoon, and the next morning for the next twelve sun days, moon nights and more days and night, if I dont follow the droid-teachers vocal instructions. I got captured by the Dihe outpost three authorities performing an infamous cium pasa maneuver. My infamous maneuver displayed over the cammics, the camtubes, and the campads and then was cambeamed throughout the outpost recording and repeating my beginning roll to the final wave at my vile foe Cherwell. She deserved it and more.
Cium pasa means kiss-up. It translates for any general ignorant doofur into giving an invisible kiss directed with your finger or hand (finger preferred) not at a victims hand, wrist, neck, cheek or lips but at theyeah.
The real teen translation of cium pasa is the kiss of death as the carefree teenling is drafted into permanent watcher duty until my mom relents or my death whichever comes around first for her only precious loving child. My mom selected this punishment for her favorite action re-play towards her only good-looking brilliant kinda mischievous but curious with a degree of meek dangerous offspring and then my dad approved with a head nod like always. My dad never speaks when my mom is lecturing, informing, educating, channeling, or any other verbal or non-verbal communication skills while working her fingers, hands, feet, legs, mouth and numerous other body parts all at the same time. Yeah, she is a high maintenance pretty intense complicated female but shes my mom. I love my mom. And my mom tenderly reminded this morning that I would greatly benefit and enjoy the repeated educational reviews and academic lectures of the Primeling teachings.
I live on the planet Mercian, one of many thriving worlds of Intragalaxy. Mercian is the closest planet to the only bright yellow glowing sun with lush forests and rich crops of food including thunderstorms and hot and heated winters and summers.
The droid-teacher drones. Name the color and source of heated energy that feeds the plants, flowers, beasts, species, and humans for survival?
I mind-write: yellow sun.
The droid-teacher drones. Name one color of a dwarf star?
I grin then open my eyelids, seeing. Each child mind-writes the answer in the corresponding correct color blue, green, white, or red. I close my eyelids feeling the twirls and swirls of the air waves around me as it tickles my cheekbone. I whirl the invisible air waves towards the glass then mind-write the word, blue. I capture the spectrum of the light filling the white letters of the word blue into a rich black color.
This is how ejon works surrounding the being then pulls together the air winds and sometimes tree leaves forming a visual image. 
The droid-teacher drones. You have learned that there are six days in the week. There are 56 weeks in a year. The 56 weeks is also referenced as 336 days in one year within Intragalaxy. Intragalaxy holds planets, stars, gas, dust, mammals, species and humans. We have also learned from the science team that there are other galaxies besides Intragalaxy. Please draw one of the newest discovered galaxies within the universe?
I open my eyelids, frowning with puzzlement. I do not know the answer to that particular question. I didnt know the science team had found a new galaxy in cold black darkness of outer space. Ill ask my smart bud Nimtarts. I tilt my skull and watch each child draw a fugly ugly object trying to figure out the lousy design.
The droid-teacher drones, not smiling with any emotions being only a cold metal machine. Excellent Primelings, I can visualize the outline of a necklace, an ice cream cone, and a hair brush, when I quickly duplicate the red colored hair brush outline before trouble chases myyeah. The droid-teacher drones. Name the definition. Inside the galaxy I like living, breathing, working and lounging with humans, species, creatures, beasts, plants, planets, stars and jumping my star ship going from point A to point B?
I snort then mind-write in the color of red: intra.
What is the celestial heavenly body where hundreds of planets and stars rotate, revolve, and revive round and round the sun?
I lean into the tree branches, mind-writing in the color red: Intragalaxy.
What is outside the Intragalaxy? the droid-teacher drones.
I open my eyelids then scan the room, chuckling. The dumblings are wiggling around their hover chairs without an answer. I grin then view the empty glass ceiling. I mind-write in big orange letters covering almost the glass ceiling: dust.
The dumblings giggle and laugh.
My mom is right. The learning is warping my brain cells into past homework assignments in-completed due to not completing them as a Primeling. I grin with the dumblings then frown with annoyance.
I study the shifted sunlight on the glass ceiling watching the twallow pee on the glass. I exhale being stuck as watcher while my best buds and blossoms have finished their academic imprisonment duty for the afternoon.
Now, they are having some good-time fun at the local tavern. My teenlings friends are sucking down delicious eatings of fissers, chokers, lumpies and finally crunchers. Fissers are carbonized water and sugar and flavoring that tastes best really, really cold. Chokers are twelve inches of bread filled with beast, plant, or artificial food parts. I like the artificial food parts bestest, except my mom complains no one knows exactly what beast it is, where it comes from, and why it exists.
Lumpies are the deep fried varied colored vegetables in animal fat drowning in either sweet or tart sauce. I like the sweet sauce with Foxi. She is a first Prime, my best blossom. We are a Touch-pair for a future mating within a couple of years.
Crunchers are assorted dark or white hard sweet breads filled with nuts, coco, candy, or anything else sweet that you desire. Moro, another second Prime puts fruit bits inside his crunchers imitating his rat-thing cousins when they visit from their home of Dihe outpost three. Yachats, a second Prime likes real and dead trawler bits on her crunchers. Her species biologically make-up is descended from bird-like things.
Doughies are soft sweet breads eaten yummy raw or baked with sweet brown sugar and brown flour mixed with chocolate or bits of candy. My dad and I like the chocolate pieces inside our doughies bestest too.
A fisser, choker, lumpie, and finally a cruncher, the Intragalaxy meal feeds all the growing teenlings.
I am a doofur for acting on sheer stupid impulse at Cherwell. She graciously descended her verbal challenge for our physical dog fight at my ECU center for teenagers. I should have pranced myyeah away from the challenge too like a good son. My dad has tried, tries, and will continue to try with his boring on-going constant up-to-the-minute lectures of good teen behavior repeated hourly, secondly, millisecondly and what after comes after millisecondly which is somethingly.
I feel my Touch warn me of danger. My muscles tense with blood rushing into my brain then down my spine shivering with the attack. I sit upright, staring with shock at the dumblings. The dumblings giggle and stare back at me.
Doofur, the droid-teacher drones.
I exhale then frown with fury at the annoying droid. What!?
I am answering the posed question, second Prime Tarn, the droid-teacher drones with colored lights and soft sound. What is the bird-like beast that became extinct in the year 28,996 from over consumption for food, clothing, tools, entertainment and other humanoids bad habits? The beast measured eight feet at adulthood covered in thick fur in varied color hues over a plump body which was used for food. All parts were edible including the feet, toes and bones. The beast was mute with no sound. Its body held up by three stick legs for walking. The beast could not run or gallop. The beast held four appendages for wings but could not fly. The beast was blind except during rainstorms where visual sight between the sheets of heavy downpours existed. The beast ate by digging buried trawlers all sun and moon times to grow big and ugly. Historically the beast was prey for the species Dratux. The twenty foot plus tall dragon-like creatures disappeared along with its food source the doofurs around the year 29,001. The Dratux were an old and honored species living within Intragalaxy. Humans and species alike feel terrible about their final demise. There are no more dragon-like species left to re-tell and re-vive the old tales of Dratux. We only have a small limited number of camtubes which are priceless for any historian or scientist or student within Intragalaxy, when the droid-teacher turns black then the Primelings giggle then float down to the glass flooring.
The children wiggle their eerie glowing naked fingernails and toenails of white on different shaped appendages signifying the funny story and possessing the Touch mark. The Touch allows speaking without moving the lips, lifting without the hands, and flying without wings.
I still within the silence then eye roll.
The soft whistle vibrates for the end of the learning session at the EDU center four.
Dack, Im done. I leap from the hard tree stump using my Touch to scatter the dumblings from my big feet.

Chapter 4
Mercian

Hours 14. Minutes 16. early afternoon. hot. humid. rain. Dihe outpost one.
A group of beings have gathered around the teardrop-shaped table for an impromptu meeting. The light colored wooden table was constructed from native trees on planet Mercian. The shape represents a single free flowing teardrop from any face, a tear of either happiness or sadness.
The group of beings comprises some of the highest ranking members of the Dihe tribe who live on different planets but meet and discuss galactic issues at the headquarters outpost on Mercian. The tribe walks up right on two or more appendages or flies with wings or crawls with four or more appendages. The tribe continuously studies, trains, and practices the Dihe traditional way of life within Intragalaxy all day and night.
Mercian is home to a world of zillions including species, humans, beasts and creatures. The planet is cut in half vertical from north to south by 134,521,000 miles of a greenish-black river. The fresh water is the prime source of drinking water, the low fertile valley of food crops, and the beast livestock for clothing and transportation. The planet offers warmth, rains, and light close to the river as you transverse from the center the cooler temperatures calm the hot summer and feed snow from the rough winters for fertilizing the farms and river. The sky changes into red with dry heat and orange sandy mountain ranges for fun and taunt family and friend social activities.
The teardrop table is the secret symbol of the Dihe with a smooth curved shape instead of a strict rigid straight line. The curve represents flow, fluid, and forever continuous union of ejon and eternal, mate and mind, love and life. Within the Dihe tribe the mated pair works together as husband and wife and Master and Mistress, so a pair of Dihe roams and runs around Intragalaxy providing good deeds for both fun and free. Additionally, the daddy, the mama, and the children with or without the ejon talent live as a single unit within a Dihe outpost as a family.
Currently, some of the gathered Dihe around the teardrop table at Dihe outpost view Cullom standing inside the archway.
Cullom: monkey-like Singa-species, long arms, broad chest, two legs, no tail, green eyes, ear holes, tall over seven feet, six fingers on each hand and six toes on each foot, dark blue short hair. He walks upright during casual moments but runs humped over being faster than a teenling.
Cullom sits and says. We all have an urgent issue to resolve requested by first Governor Yamill, scans the faces of each Master and Mistress. His instincts are homed with both ejon and native natural senses when climbing up and over tree branches, mountain ranges or the outside iron gates during his daily Dihe exercises of any Dihe-outpost. He feeds on leaves, nuts, grass seeds, and fruit. His un-mated wife is Idanha. They are parents to Imnaha, a first Prime daughter and Ucon, a second Prime son. The couple is divorced living on planet. The Singa-species are highly intelligent and hold exceptional problem-solving abilities along with excellent reflexes for weapons handling using all twenty-four fingers and toes combined. Culloms best talent is twirling his bato, the weapon of the Toucher over all his fingers and toes making the youngest Primelings giggle and laugh during the entertainment hours at the REC center within the outpost.
Maries: human-like, tall, blonde hair, pale skin, blue eyes, 60s, plump, High Mistress Dihe. She is married to High Dihe Master Womack birthing her only child Tarn, a second Prime. She smoothes the soft leather vest with a set of manicured fingernails sitting upright and alert. What precisely did first Governor Yamhill say, Cullom? She always exhibits her proper business and reserve manner within the Dihe tribe meeting while studying Cullom.
Nothin, sniggers Furno: cat-like Feliux-species, ebony skin with colored yellow, red, and orange markings, long black hair slicked back behind two tiny ebony pointy ears, slanted yellow eyes, flat nostril holes, small orange lips filled with sharp fangs. He is married to Dihe Mistress Ginnita with six kittens in their family litter. Voxi and Foxi are first Primes. The rest of their litter mates are normal members of the Feliux-species not possessing any trace of ejon, the energy of swirling matter visually on naked fingernails and toenails. Ginnita frowns then slaps his bicep when Furno sniggers again.
Only Maries would question our leader, nods Knell: rat-like Rogentila-species. She possesses rough purple skin with pretty round pink welts containing poison for defense and lives on the ice cold snowy blue single land mass of Gesclide, one of the farthest planets from the sun. The rat-like species is four feet high with a plump round body of short arms with three fat fingers and three fatter toes on the naked feet glowing in ejon nails. They possess a round head, big white eyes, pink lined rounded ears, pink nose and a round mouth with no teeth only red gums that can spit long distances for protection. Knell turns and smirks at her mate Dihe Master Putack. She birthed Moro, a second Prime, Primeling Onaway and nine other rat-like babies lacking any type of ejon abilities. Both are always unfriendly to Maries.
Maries sours with a distorted frown at Knell. The word Dihe means the defenders of the poor and the weak
We arent political pawns, nods Thane: zebra-like Theria-species, crooked kneecaps, long horse face, ear holes, green and beige vertical stripes of short hair on body. Mane and tail is beige colored. She walks upright until frightened into galloping on her green hoofs. Thane is a single mom to Ezatala and Ceffee, a pair of second Prime daughters. Her husband is un-mated to Thane since he isnt born with ejon talents, but they all live together in separate houses on planet Harrogate. Harrogate is famous for the endangered, untamed, and forbidden beautiful swanettes, flying creatures of the pink sky. Maries returns the nod. Blossoms and buddies do not exist within the Dihe tribe, but the poster Dihe pair would be Thane and Maries. Thane enjoys tattling and prattling about her daughters with the hopeful wish that one of her pretty girls might marry Tarn, some day.
Yeah so! Furno snarls and nods when Ginnita slaps his bicep. Furno does not associate briefly at any public social occasions with Senators Orofin and Farara from his home world of Mercian. The senators are sleaze cats with four dirty mitts. He wouldnt let them pet his hostile mu-mu chicks that like to attack the pretty flower beds on the front porch. The senator pair would turn them into evil mu-mu chicks.
Maries nods and grins. We all have earned their titles not inherited, not elected in some supernatural committee meeting after we come together saving the galaxy, the planets, and the people from danger, destruction, disaster, and other D-words. We select at our meeting the next item
Ya telling us pawns what to do now, Thane, smiles Teeger: lion-like Leoaeus-species, full shaggy tan mane, board nasal passages, slanted black eyelids, and lower jaw containing sharp fangs. His skin is tan colored with spotted white rosettes including arms and legs, solid tan tail. The males are known for continual fighting with other rival males greatly reducing the longevity and life span of each species. Therefore, only one male is allowed to live within each Dihe outpost. Currently, Teeger is the only male living on planet Mercian for some very personal and private reasons which Womack supports. Teeger enjoys adding salt or sugar depending on Thanes sweet or tart verbal remark in the public meeting for his terror and tickles since the Leoaeus-species only eat meat, particularly fond of zebra-like organs not stinky plants, or sweet fruits. Thane raises her eyebrows and tail not amused.
Right, not politic, says Dihe Mistress Siryon: bee-like Apifo-species, four inches short, yellow skin, almond shaped brown eyes, brown fluttering set of four wings, brown stick thin arms and legs with four fingernails and toenails glowing with white ejon. Her mate is dead so she raises her first Prime daughters Taradash and Onaway from her first colony of bees along with eleven more other little non-ejon bees from her second colony on planet Purpat.
Porrett frowns. Polite!? Her mate is Dihe Master Berwick. They raise first Prime female Cherwell and second Prime male siblings Gironfu and Thrash, and Primeling Malta. Porrett: wolf-like Canini-species, brown short course fur, long skinny legs. They are slender powerfully built species with deep ribcages and sloping spines protecting the organs along with heavily muscled thick necks. The arms are long and ripped with muscles on a pair of small hands with four fingers and toes of ejon nails. The Canini-species is very strong and can crush and kill any predator or any annoying Primeling in any heated dog fight. The head possess a wide forehead, two bright scary reddish-brown eyes, strong jaws with sharp fangs, short pink muzzles for breathing and running at speeds of sixty miles per hour chasing at their prey or playing with their prey. The ears are small and triangular. They are extremely and highly territorial species, establishing long lines of friendship and loyalty with their Dihe tribes, human, other species and all types of beast-like and creature-like beings. The young are known as din-din cubs but do not insult their wolf-babies. You will be dead quickly. They experience bouts of rage and fury when ticked off and engage in actions of direct vindication and bloody revenge for their buds and blossoms, unofficially rumored. They bark, howl and drool sometimes all at the same time.
Politic means crafty, cunning-like, chuckles Oxbow: elephant-like Pacderdom-species, curly white hair and endures extreme heat, cold and other natural and un-natural environmental elements floating around Intragalaxy. He stands nine feet and one inches weighing 830 pounds of insulated fat, blood, flesh, minerals, and muscles, mostly fat. The species possesses floppy small white ears lined in baby blue, big round amber eyes and two long red teeth called tusks. The tusks protrude from the lower lips of the trunk for eating, breathing and diving into water, without standard mechanical equipment. They are social and smart species led by the female of the clan. They are very musical with instruments and enjoy drawing, painting and making small silly items from mud and dirt where the art works hang on the walls or stand on the floors. They eat tree bark, tree leaves, and ground beetles on top of well done slider meat. They are great warriors of fighting with natural endurance and strength. Oxbow is a single dad to first Prime son Gamnon and first Prime daughter Meeteese. His wife had passed away to the afterlife after the birth of their last calf. (Note: when a crazy Pacderdom exhibits a rocking action inside a confined small space during a capture he or she becomes very dangerous and deadly. Move away!)
Cunning-like Yamhill, the squeakily little ferret, Furno chuckles when Ginnita slams his bicep again.
Squeakily is not a word, furball. Oxbow chuckles and smiles.
Furno frowns and nods. Yeah so, a Dihe word. Right, Maries?
Just like the Dihe word furball, laughs Oxbow with the others. 
Maries fumes at the silly mind game between Furno and Oxbow. She forgives Oxbow for his asinine remarks, since the Pacderdom-species is famous for many fits of destruction, if they are not allowed to channel their explosive intellect into a productive or playful use. Womack allows Oxbow the opportunity to blow off his invisible steam during any business meeting or social gathering with his intended victim of his verbal funny horseplay Furno. Maries waits and watches tapping her boot under the table. She counts forward to hundred pretending there is a set of musically beats in a make-believe song swirling inside her head.
How do you spell squeakily, Furno? Oxbow laughs with the others.
S.q.u, Furno smiles when Ginnita slaps his bicep.
We are politesse meaning we are politeness. Oxbow nods and smiles.
Cleanliness. Siryon smiles at the fun after her exhausting night of healing burns, changing diapers and midnight feedings of her bee-babies. Her daughters are the best helpers to her especially during the evening and late night baby patrol. They sacrifice willingly their fun-time with their blossoms to attend to all their family duties.
Polished, smiles Zcio who is bee-like too. He nods to Siryon when she graciously nods back at him. Siryon bats her eyelashes seductively. They are not dating yet. Zcio has expressed body language interestingly, but not the verbal connection positively. He politely respects her big responsibility raising tiny bees by herself while performing her Dihe duties.
Yeah, bud like me. Furno slaps his chest, laughing.
Smooth and cultured. Berwick fingers at Furno, chuckling.
Refined. Porrett giggles enjoying the silly antic at the infamous teardrop table watching Maries neck veins pucker from anxiety, stress, and tension.
Flawless. Furno nods and smiles.
Go on, Furno! Cullom laughs.
Maries sours. What precisely did first Governor Yamhill say, Cullom?
Jahally: bird-like Aviion-species, eight inches short, curly dark red hair, black bleak nose and mouth, small black beady eyes, ear holes on a round skull. He is un-mated and a Dihe Master, frowning with confusion. How did you come about speaking with Yamhill, Cullom?
Eating lunch with Senator Torbay. Oxbow smiles tossing around the VIP important name at his buds being hungry too. Torbay offered and paid all the meals that day.
High ranking. Thane drops her mouth then studies Oxbow.
The elephant-like is an obese pale skinned, pinked cheeks and red lipped thing reminding her of a fat painted jo-jo doll. Oxbow favors both his son and daughter greatly. The only difference in the species compared to the other normal species is the growing state of fatness which is directly proportioned to the height from young to adult. They are favored with great minds, beautiful artwork, and lovely musical accomplishments, but her daughters will not ever marry a Pacderdom.
Thane scans and scouts the table for a set of potential mates for her twins within the coming year of their eighteenth birthdays. The eighteenth year emphasizes adulthood and marriage rights.
Ezatala has her heart and both hands picked on Tarn, the son of high and mighty Maries who is the female leader of the entire Dihe tribe within Intragalaxy. Maries approves, of course.
The tall male is very handsome and well-mannered if you ignore some of his asinine verbal languages and physical gestures. Tarn is a kid at heart, not a man yet. Their unborn children would be greatly blessed with glowing finger and toe nails ejon of the Touch.
Thane has the special gift of Touch-clarity, the ejon ability to see and predict the future such like social events, work activities, and love marriages within Intragalaxy. Something is coming quickly that will impact the daily lives of all species everywhere in Intragalaxy. She feels it growing and expanding within her guts then smirks at snobby Maries.
Ceffee is another bridal candidate to wed a single Tarn, if he rejects her twin sister. However Ceffee has her eyelash on Nimtarts.
Nimtarts is tall, handsome, smart, and talented human-like. Hes about to become a Dihe Master at the age of seventeen years ago, so the buzz around the teardrop falls. Hes Tarns best bud. The best bud pair study, play and work together making their paring absolutely naturally when coupled with a pair of twin females of the same species for a perfect single day of two weddings.
Thane giggles, hearing.
Nice ranking, winks Zeelee: human-like, short, athletic, golden hair, eyes and skin. She is a Dihe Mistress married to Dihe Master Koosbay. They have an adorable four year old golden hair and skin child named Kooce living on planet Koorskis.
The inhabitants of Koorskis are colored gold possessing gold skin. The hair possesses light touches of red or bronze or yellow. The ears, hands, feet and other body parts are golden hence they are referenced as the golden crayons. The planet is solid white including plants, wildlife and trees. The yellow dwarf star heats the whiteness on the planet then burns the outer epidermis of the natives into a golden suntan bonding the skin and hair with the yellowish metallic dust particles absorbed into the body. The best export of Koorskis is the golden beans or Atum beans. Atum is a Koorskis word for gold. The beans are brewed into golden colored beer with a hardy robust flavor. A crop of golden beans are very expensive to purchase which are utilized in food stuffs such like soups, sauces, meats and breads. Ironically, planet Koorskis contains the mostest wealthy and abused species within Intragalaxy. Their skin is soft and thick which has been captured and used for centuries by star pirates such like as jewelry, wall and floor decorations, food, healing medicines and monetary shives. The golden skin is a very rare commodity.
My mates brother on her mothers side. Oxbow smiles and nods.
Maries sours. What precisely did first Governor Yamhill say, Cullom?
Collum clears his throat then frowns with confusion. The Noti are dead.
Impossible, this is impossible. That is impossible. Zcio frowns with puzzlement. The bee-like species are extremely intelligent using their brains for scientific experimentation and exploration of the body structure. He feels both stunned and hurt with the sad news. He had lived and survived the Apifo virus that killed ninety-percent of his native species. Zcio suffered the symptoms of fever, chills, cough, blindness, deafness making him immune if the virus cycles back again. He still cannot accept the complete destruction of any entire other race, without being angry, shocked and hurt.
Maries frowns with annoyance. Thats a statement, not a request.
An observant poignant medical fact, Maries. Knell nods to her mate. Her rat-like natives are both supreme and superior within Intragalaxy, not necessarily wealthy but that is about to change.
Cullom says. First Governor Yamhill seeks a request to us for investigate the matter while representing the Establishment. He would like us to
Maries sours with a distorted frown. The Dihe are not political puppets or pawns for the current office of the Establishment. She has mentioned this particular important proclamation to first Governor Yamhill several times in several private meetings. The Dihe tribe is simply not available to perform any work orders or favors for the central democratic body which rules the zillions of cities on thousands of planets in the hundreds of different star systems within Intragalaxy. The next encounter, Maries will reiterate the full meaning of her sentence structure. If Maries doesnt emphasize the difference between the Dihe and the Establishment, Yamhill will be ordering the tribe to perform flavored or favored individual tasks with the populace next.
The species and humans of the Dihe tribe have been fashioned as some type of supernatural mystery saviors of something. Maries believes it is the peace, freedom, and security of daily lives everyone life form within Intragalaxy, but no one ever utters those exact words honestly. The respect and admiration are showered on Maries personally as leader of the Dihe like her parents when they ruled over the Dihe and the evil predators within Intragalaxy.
Maries is always correct as usual, Thane smiles and nods to her.
What are we then, Maries? Teeger frowns with puzzlement.
We are Dihe no more, no less. Maries smoothes the pressed vest with her manicured hands, a visually nervous habit.
Guardians of something. Berwick chuckles and nods.
No. Maries says with a serious frown.
Protectors of someone? Oxbow smiles and nods.
No. Maries says with a more serious frown.
Furno grins. Whats left if not guardians or protectors or mommies and daddies of
The gate keepers of Intragalaxy. Maries nods and smiles.
Furno yawns then smashes his lips together with an annoying sound as Ginnita slaps his chest without pain. He smirks. We keep the gate open from what, whom again, Maries? Please someone clarify this for me before I fall asleep from the
We ensure the gate is closed from the Vilo. Maries sours with a distorted face, nodding.
Our number one enemy, Thane nods and frowns with a distorted face at Furno, showing one single hoof.
O yeah, I forgot the real dead enemy of Dihe, since when they rose from the grave again, Maries? Furno laughs with some of the others.
How many delicious Vilo roasted noob bits have strolled into our gate in the last one thousand years, Maries? Berwick chuckles being jealous of Oxbows infamous terror and tickles approach. The vile Vilo clan have been rumored to exist somewhere within Intragalaxy. As of yet, Berwick has never met one alive or dead, fiction or fact, big or little...
Nada. Zero. Zappo. Furno makes the number zero with his fingers when Ginnita slaps his bicep. He chuckles and nods. So we must do a rather bang-up job galactic speaking of course keeping the Vilo from hanging onto the gate, chuckles with the others when Maries taps her boot under the table.
Zeelee frowns with puzzlement. First Governor Yamhill possesses a grand droid-inspection division for such matters of the Establishment priority.
The Noti are our kin. Teeger nods.
The Noti possess ejon our talent, our shared trait with no other species and humans. Zcio nods. 
Porrett nods. I agree with Zcio. The Noti deserve our attention and compassion in this non-Dihe matter which happens to fall under the realm of the Establishment. I can understand the request from Yamhill.
The Noti are a protected race. Knell nods to her mate.
And a protected species within the Establishment, Maries nods.
So they thought. Furno frowns.
I thought Koosbay wasnt present. Oxbow grins.
How many Noti are missing? Thane nods and frowns.
You missed my very important vocabulary word dead, all of them. Cullom frowns.
Impossible, this is impossible. That is impossible. We shall see and investigate the false matter. Zcio nods.
Maries sits tense inside the curve of the teardrop table locator seat for leader of the Dihe who leads and makes short-term and long-term decisions affecting all the Dihe tribe within Intragalaxy. This teardrop table has operated on democracy rule over 29,000 years. I will not veto that historical judgment. Who objects to first Governor Yamhills request to investigate the Noti? Excellent, we proceed directly to the Notian Karst fulfilling our mission and Yamhills request now, stands and nods.
Can I go and find Koosbay now, Ginnita darling? Furno sits looking up at his mate who stands and drools over his furry skull. She vividly distorts her pretty face. He frowns and stands. Okay, ya talked me into it, blossom. Ill lead us there...
Maries swings towards the archway. I lead. Everyone follows me.
How about we take a couple of Primelings for an educational jaunt to the Notian Karst for special assignment? Teeger stands and stretches.
Not this trip, Teeger Maries exits the room.
Hit the breeze, Furno slaps Oxbow in the stomach not being able to reach his shoulder, laughing, walks beside Ginnita and behind the gang.
Oxbow grins. Furno means to use the Dihe term, access the pacers.
The Dihe exit the outpost.

Chapter 5
Notian Karst

Hours 15. Minutes 11. early afternoon. sunny. no rain. warm. light breeze. partly cloudy.
He flies around the single mountain then lands between two hilly spots. He frowns at the wet landscape. Ugh! Someone couldnt find a more suitable parking spot. Whats the urgent situation besides getting my boot toes wet? Womack: tall, cropped blonde hair, pale-skin, clean shaven, green eyes, slender. The High Dihe Master stands on the top of the seat of his rover, chuckling, scans the Dihe tribe. Wheres Koosbay? He searches for his jolly high-spirited outspoken second-in-command of the Dihe tribe, a bestowed earning, not honor.
Busy, Furno jumps over the flowing water stream running under his rover for fun, chuckling. Ginnite frowns not being able to hit his bicep. She stands on the seat of her pacer avoiding the water like the other Dihe members too.
Womack studies the mountain. He always seems to be busy when I need him mustest and mostest, winks at Maries. Might need to test him for Touch-clarity, what do you think, Maries? he is the male leader of the Dihe clan possessing the highest degree of the Touch. He and his wife equal in rank, status and ejon, of course, the perfect pair.
Maybe, Maries studies the mountain.
Koos took a team of Primes down to the Braid. Zcio flies above the water and studies the mountain.
Busy, Furno jumps from the wet ground onto the rover seat, chuckling.
Knell exhales standing in the seat of the double-seated pacer with her mate. I am so excited to be here, Maries. I just love adventuring into an enclosed mountain that reaches the stratosphere of outer space which is surrounded in a pool of greenish water that is swimming with roaming sliders. And the cavern mouth has sunk into the land as two rivers of water flow inside for more wetness
Zcio swings around then studies the twin mountain peaks. Its currently springtime, Dihe Mistress Knell. The winter frozen snow caps have melted dropping streams of fresh clean drinking water over the valley. The karst is a natural forming sinkhole during the summer and winter months. A karst is a deep vertical hole about 300 feet wide and 200 feet deep which is surrounded by natural hard thick deposits of hardened volcanic ash. The internal walls of the mountain are composed of un-welded pretty brightly white colored ash tuffs. I promise.
Womack frowns then nods. Everyone leap into the air like a tiger then soar like a bird into the open mouth of the cavern and then land on boots, feet or claws anywhere. Dont get wet either, bends his kneecaps then jumps into the air. He flies with a horizontal body and outspread arms over the landscape, viewing the overflowing twin water streams covering most of the grass, bushes, plants and flowers. The twin streams dump into the mouth of the cavern reviving the musky greenish pool water around the mountain. He flies into the darkness of the cavern leading the Dihe then slowly descends towards the flooring. Womack uprights in the air then jerks kneecaps into his chest, preparing for his landing. He slowly floats down onto the hard rock with scattered bits of black dust. He frowns and squats on the reddish colored rock, touching the black dust, soft.
Knell stands with parked hands on her wrist and frowns at the black dust and red rock. I thought you said the ash bits were white from a non-active volcano, Dihe Master Zcio.
Zcio flies over the red rock and black dust. I am most assured. The cavern flooring consists of pyroclastic debris of an inactive 29,000 year old ancient volcano. The weak and crumbly volcanic deposits cohesion allows them to stand in vertical faces for shelter holes and long subterranean tunnels for transportation between any existing and surviving species colony. Heat rises below the lava fields under the floor then percolates and cools the re-cycling the red ash into a white cohesion.
Womack stands and gasps studying the mountain side. The interior walls have been roughly cut with tiers of semi-rounded levels. I count six levels about 150 feet apart towering towards the top of the mountain. I see
.hundreds upon hundreds of still dead bodies of Noti, Maries nods and squats, touching the first body on the red rock.
Oxbow frowns at the dead bodies. Noti are Noti. No humans or species have ever understood their original of biology or purpose of travel to planet unknown. They have existed for over 29,000 years peacefully on planet Mercian, views the mountain, nodding. This is their old homestead. The humanoids arewere bi-pedal, short height, rounded belly, lacking hair on skull, face, chest, arms, legs and feet dressed in worn brightly patched simple long ankle tunic-like fabrics made and donated by the Dihe tribes throughout Intragalaxy
Siryon flies above the red rock, the black dust, and the dead bodies. What are you reading, Oxbow?
The campad, he cheats, Furno stares at Oxbow then walks over another dead body.
Oxbow stands and reads from the campad. The eye sockets emitted bright lights of yellow ejon instead of eyeballs and colored pupils along with smooth ear holes on the both sides of a hairless skull, nose holes flat against the face for breathing and mouth hole for eating. Noti were all deaf, dumb and blind and possessed ejon, strangely. The Establishment scientists believed that the ejon trait performed a right angle turn with the Noti humans. Ejon is a completed circle of 360 degrees surrounding any biological, chemical or metallic matter. A shape surrounded by only 180 degrees does not possess ejon. Therefore ninety degrees of ejon represents the relationship between the two intersecting lines of ejon and humanoid, creating beings without awesome talents who survive day-by-day on tiny amounts of ejon energy. The ejon made the Noti both harmless to others and powerless to supreme entities. That completes the search.
Zeelee scans the mountain, the cliff tiers, the red rock, the black dust and the dead bodies. Why are the Noti dead? Did their ejon run out?
Knell laughs. Ejon never runs out, Zeelee. Youre a mistress of the Touch, please.
Furno narrows his eyelids in the far distance. I think I see
Stow it, furball. Oxbow narrows his eyelids in the far distance also.
Im going to Berwick advances over the dead bodies towards the cliff.
Maries bends her kneecaps then leaps over the clan. Ill lead us
to where, the afterlife of the dead? All look dead to me. Lets go back to the outpost and eat some lunch. Furno slowly walks over the dead bodies narrowing his eyelids in the far distance.
All look dead and burnt to me. I thought you said plastered inactive volcanic ash sticks to the cavern walls, Zcio. Porrett frowns at the dead bodies stepping over them one at a time.
We need a complete census of the dead and burnt bodies so everyone scout out and count. We will compare the tallies later then provide the missing information to Yamhill, Maries marches towards the cliff giving her Dihe orders.
Furno cups his fingers at the far wall, yelling. Hey, you alive in here stand up then shout and sing for me a favorite old country tone! Okey dokey?
Oxbow chuckles, stepping over the dead bodies too. Shut up, furball.
Furno exhales then drops his arms. He steps over the dead body. Im counting the minority numbers, ya know alive, because the majority number is dead, ya know lots and lots of dead. I see it there and here and there and here, stumbles forwards, sniggering. Just tripped, watch your step...
Maries squats and frowns at the dead body. Ginnita is a few feet behind her. Maries orders. Ginnita, you possess the Touch-pathos allowed you to feel the past suffering of any human, species, beast, or creature in Intragalaxy. Tell us what happened here? Can you Touch-skim one of the bodies for a preliminary probable cause please?
Ginnita exhales then drops her bato, nodding. She places both hands in the pile of black dust, closing her eyelashes. Skimming the wave length
Of the dust bannies, how did the ejon make them so? Furno stands over the black dust, watching the dust disintegrate, not wanting to touch or count it.
Oxbow squats and studies the black dust. No, their ejon is minimal used only for survival along with the brightness
Dullness now, noob. Furno nods.
Zcio hovers in the air, flying forward, studies the minerals. The scientific expression is polvodera, a cloud of dust bannies.
Furno nods and grins, jumping and scattering the black dust of the dead body. He moves towards the cliff. Hey, I said that first.
Oxbow walks towards the cliff too. Interjection, the object used to exclaim immediate attention or expression of pleasure, surprise, bewilderment and Zcio was more accurate, toar, chuckles with the others.
Youre a stick in the mud, Oxbow. Furno laughs stepping over the next dead body.
I try to stick in the mud but Im too big to stay, chuckles Oxbow.
Berwick stops and studies the cliff facing on the rising mountain side inside the cavern. The clouds of dust consist of particles such like our and your skin, cells, hair, minerals, and enzymes. All are remnants of these burnt bodies as the polvodera process begins and ends with finely diminutively powdered whitely brightly ejon like the color of your nails evaporating into the atmosphere and then into nothingness, touches the rock cliff.
Furno nods at the cliff, grinning. I like that word nothingness.
Dust it, furball. Oxbow stops and studies another side of the cliff.
See nothingness! Youre very thoughtful again, my wickedly bud Oxbow. Furno chuckles and touches the cliff.
Berwick touches the cliff. Planet dust arises from various sources lifted up by wind, volcano and pollutions consisting of plant pollen, species and beast hair and skin, textile fibers, paper fibers, minerals from soil and burning meteors.
You talk too much, dear. Porrett touches his collar bone studying the cliff face.
Zcio flies then touches the cliff. Dust is widely present inside Intragalaxy in various forms of ambient radiation heat dust including both thermal dust emission and spinning dust emissions.
Maries exhales then stomps and stands over Ginnita, bad breathing over her hair roots. What does the dust sample reveal from the skimmed Touch-pathos, Dihe Mistress Ginnita?
Ginnita gasps then opens her eyelashes. She remains squatting on the rock holding her hands in the pile of black dust. She softly says. I have skimmed this dead body of the Noti. I conclude with a stunning outcome. I cannot believe it that I have discovered the relative conclusion and determinable explanation of murder. Each face turns and stares at Ginnita with open mouths. She nods and views the black dust. The Noti were murdered. Their medical presentation is not natural.
Furno frowns and nods. I thought death was natures the end song.
Ginnita nods. The Noti were killed on purpose. I dont understand. They are ejon creatures. They are humanoids who possessed ejon like us. Who would harm them without inciting us too? They have no known natural enemy.
Furno swings to the cliff, nodding. Yes, they do.
Oxbow swings to the cliff, shaking his skull. No, they didnt.
Maries tosses her arms, frowning with worry. How are we to solve this mysterious murderous malady of our far, far away ejon cousins?
Furno rubs the object, nodding and grinning with wickedly. Footprints, therere many sets of footprints within the cliff face.
Impossible, this is impossible. That is impossible. Zcio drops his mouth then swings to the cliff, studying the tiers.
Favored word for the day, Zcio, Oxbow chuckles and touches the rock.
My favorite word for the day is sliders. Berwick smiles and touches the rock.
Lion-like Teeger stops touching the cliff then sniffs the air with his natural senses coupled with his Touch senses. I believe we have found our mysterious murderers. Im sniffing them on the top level near the peak.
Maybe, Maries marches over the black dust towards the cliff.
Womack pulls the ropes then tosses to the next tier of 150 feet. Everyone climb up the face cliff then well surprise the murderers.
Berwick tosses his ropes then climbs sideways over the smooth rock. Sliders, the beasts crawl on its belly without feet or hands with sharp razor fangs. If one is caught then the orange meat is tangy and juicy when fire-stoved.
Oxbow tosses his ropes then climbs sideways, saying. Sliders live on the planet of Gesclide in the mud flats.
Knell stands behind the clan watching them pat the red rock, smiling. Sliders live outside in the pool water of this mountain too.
Zcio flies upward beside Furno. Those are snakes, non-poisonous and non-edible unless you like to vomit in neon green lumps of slimy clumps of spit mucus form your stomach lining, Dihe Mistress Knell, chuckles with the others.
Oxbow says. Gesclide holds five separate land masses consisting of bodies of water in flat, low-lying areas of streams, rivers running into marshy lakes. Gescilde holds five separate divisions of land filled with mud, wet dirt and lots of rain and rain showers without the thunder and lightning scary elements. The planet exports mud and sliders. Sliders are snake-like creatures eaten by all.
Berwick climbs sideways and laughs. They say a Pacderdom dont forget nothing. That be right, Oxbow?
Im not a Dihe Master for nothing. Oxbow smiles.
Knell exhales slowly climbing the cliff. Dont step on the ejon trail!
What ejon trail? Its all dust, black and floatie, frowns Oxbow.
Ya go back to dust after the, the end, Furno chuckles.
So Koos really got us sliders for our fandango tonight, Berwick climbs and grins.
Who talks like that using that ancient word fandango? Furno chuckles and climbs.
Berwick nods to his mate. She-wolf, tell him.
Porrett slowly walks up the side of the cliff beside her mate. I can feel my salvia drooling down my throat for some lavender bloody raw sliders.
Furno walks sideways up the cliff, grinning. Its drooling down your mouth too. Shut it, she-wolf, she swings to him. He chuckles. Not your drool, the word fandango, Porrett. She giggles and climbs.
Zcio flies beside Furno. O! Fandango means lively dance with music, singing and instruments.
What about food and drinks? Knell yells behind them.
Thats a given like in quantum science. Ya dance. Ya sing. Ya rest. Ya eat, Zcio flies and grins.
We eat sliders fresh today from the morning shipment, Furno smiles and climbs.
How do you know, Furno? Berwick frowns and climbs.
The Touch tells me so. Furno chuckles and climbs.
Such piety from a set of arrogant supernatural noobs, Maries halts and stares in the direction of Furno and the other male Dihe. Ironically the climbing maneuver has separated the boys from the girls.
I agree with Maries. Thane halts and stares in the direction of Furno too.
And I dont agree with Thane. Teeger halts and stares at heryeah.
Furno stops then touches the imprint. I see clearly more foot prints this high up along the cliff face. Whose turn is it to fly and observe the heavens?
Berwick laughs. Oxbow.
Zcio hovers and studies the foot prints. How did they do that? The imprints are sideways pointing at the side. How in the galaxy did that happen?
Furno touches each new object. One, two, three
Oxbow frowns. Stop counting, Furno.
Berwick laughs. Dont worry! He cant count pass the number three.
Four, says Furno.
Okay, maybe to four, sniggers and climbs Berwick.
Five, says Furno.
Womack halts in the middle of the cliff face then views each side of the cliff. He sees the scattered Dihe tribe then orders. Furno and Oxbow and the others on that side, you take my right directional walking pathway. Climb up and over the ledge then well attack from the sides. Maries, you take my left directional walking pathway and wait for us to arrive before the strike.
Thane climbs next to Maries. Ceffee baked the most delicious sweet doughies for me yesterday. My daughter loves to cook and clean every day. Her room is neatly perfect. Her twin sister Ezatala loves to decorate the house with beautiful furnishings. Theyll be great mates, some day. I believe within my heart that some day is coming very soon, soonest
Maries gasps. Theyre mated to whom, Thane.
Thane smiles and nods, resuming her climbing towards the next level, studies the Dihe males. Not yet, but coming very soon, Maries. Look at the jo-jo doll. He can talk and walk sideways. My daughters will never
Zcio hovers and studies Furno. Furno stops climbing, touching the imprint again. Zcio frowns. What do you see, Furno?
Furno frowns with puzzlement. There are many sets of foot prints here and there and here and all over the side of the cliff. There are many pairs of foot prints. Hey, these buds are bare feet.
Zcio frowns at the imprint. Barefooted, do you really see a set of naked feet and toes?
Furno laughs. I see naked toes. One, two, three, four and five of them. Hes definitely humanoid. Looky here! When I place my boot inside one of the naked foot imprint
Get off the feet prints! Youre contaminating the hard physical evidence, Furno. Zcio flies beside him recording the imprinted image into the cliff. What happened to the foot print, Furno? Where is it?
It disintegrated into nothingness like the dust bannies, frowns Furno.
Oxbow laughs. Furno might be mighty.
Right on, bud! Furno raises his arm then slaps his hand back onto the sideway cliff wall catching his balance with the Touch, chuckling.
Zcio frowns. His ejon does not destroy other ejon. There is something else here. I do believe it might be another humanoid
The Vilo clan is here on Mercian. Theyre humans with five naked toes, climbs Berwick.
Impossible, this is impossible. That is impossible. Zcio flies with Furno.
Womack shouts and climbs. Stay alert, Dihe!
Vilo, the violators of both power and greed! But Im the quick draw, Furno slams his hand upon the cool rock, climbing on top.
More like slow draw, Berwick chuckles and slaps his hand on the rock.
I was the fast draw in the Pit during our battle match, bud. Furno chuckles and stands.
I was the quick draw in the Pit during our battle match, blossom, Oxbow chuckles and climbs upon the level dropping the ropes. He sees hundreds and hundreds of dead bodies. More dead Noti, views the next upper tier of the high mountain.
Womack stands and views the current level, exhaling then views the top. We dont climb anymore. We jump and soar like a visible wind storm up to the next level together, scans the rock. The Dihe are standing and viewing the rock ledge. Womack bends his kneecaps then shouts. Jump

Third cliff level.
Womack lands first as the Dihe tribe squats then stands one by ones and twos by twos. He stares at the humans who stand or squat over the dead bodies. 
Zcio gasps then says. The galactic Cannibees, we found the Cannibees.
We did, nods Womack.
I see blood dripping from their mouths, Porrett smirks making her barbaric canini instincts tingle with pleasure. 
Maries exhales. Womack, the Establishment has issued a vile and harsh warning about the Cannibees.
They did, Womack studies the humans.
Oxbow stares at the humans. They eat everything plant stems, flower petals, animal tails, mammal bones, humanoid feet, and disgusting other non-digestible things that I will not mention in mixed company.
I see naked humans wearing only a piece of dirty cloth over theiryeah, Siryon smiles.
They eat each other too when hungry which has evolved over the time frame of 3000 years. Berwick shakes his skull making his barbaric canini instincts tingle with disgust.
Womack frowns with sadness pulling out his bato.
The bato is the tool of the Dihe which focuses the ejon energy towards an object, alive or dead. The bato is no longer than the length of longest fingernail or related digit then down to the crooked elbow or related body part. Some batos are shorter than his. Some batos are longer than Womacks. The bato is made from personal choice of any natural mineral such like wood from a tree; rock from a boulder; metal from an ore, or crystal from a gemstone. The bato is not made from paper that folds, fabric that bends, or glass that breaks.
The first carved bato is used by the second Prime which is usually constructed of wood from a tree. As the Prime grows and expands into the next rank of first Prime their bato is newly constructed of a harder mineral such like rock or metal. A crystal bato is the weapon of an advanced Prime only. However some of the more talented first Primes possess a crystal bato from their advanced fighting skills inside the Pit, the true test of a Dihe warrior.
The Dihe male dresses in a pair of comfortable trousers and high-knee boots, any color. The trousers are paired with a long sleeved shirt and a leather vest, any color. The vest holds and hides many Dihe tools including the bato. The Dihe female wears a pair of comfortable scooter skirt and thigh boots, any color. The bato is usually hidden inside the leather vest of the Prime, since Intragalaxy thrives in an atmosphere of peace and prosperity.
The last war was 29,000 years ago.
The Dihe tribe is a group of workers within Intragalaxy similar to a cake baker who bakes cakes or a shoe maker who makes shoes thus allowing the Dihe treasure chest to supply food, shelter, and employment for the survival of the tribe.
Maries pulls then raises her bato, yelling. To the death
Womack stands in place watching and waiting for any additional trouble as the Cannibees stand and sneer. They charge rising a piece of eaten bloody human bone of the Noti at the Dihe clan.
Furno slices his bato into the guts of the tall male. The male falls forward as Furno two-steps to the side, dying.
Oxbow punches his fist into the tall female. She stumbles backwards then falls upon the rock, closing her eyelashes in pain. He stabs her heart with the bato, ending her life force.
Zcio buzzes around the teenling Cannibees, studying the unique species. The teenling swings the bloody bone at the bee-like species when Zcio stabs the youth in the eyeball with his bato tip ending his life force too.
Maries slices her bato left then right into the thick middle row of Cannibees killing each one swiftly and deadly. She works a straight line though the crowd then hits the cliff. She swings around grunting then attacks the fighting prey.
Womack shakes his skull breathing heavy then light with sickness of disgust and sadness of death. The Cannibees are a vile species within Intragalaxy eating the talking and thinking species like a starved animal. The proclamation of eliminating the Cannibees is a wise move on Yamhill. However Womack did not expect to be the executor of the justice here on Mercian.
The Dihe warriors easier kill the tall, skinny and half-naked semi-beasts who possess no sharp weapons in one big gory red bloody slaughter. The Dihe stops fighting after the last Cannibees hits the bloody rock. Then they kneel and clean their individual bato of guts, tissue and blood.
Each one slaps a back muscle grinning in victory.
Furno is the first to arrive in front of Womack shaking his skull. He frowns with puzzlement. That was too easy and convenience for me. What the dack is going on here, Womack?
Oxbow arrives second frowning and nodding too. I do not like killing innocents even when they are not truly innocents but it is a natural way of life for them. I agree with my good bud Furno
Womack nods. I suspect that Yamhill had a vicious hand in our playground today.
Zcio flies to the next level scouting for trouble. He sees more burnt and dead bodies of the Noti without any body-consuming Cannibees. Siryon flies up the cliff then buzzes her wings to him, saying. I dont see any more Cannibees on this level. There are many more dead bodies thou...
Zcio nods. Me, either! Why would the Cannibees burn the dead bodies? That maneuver does not make any sense to my brain cells.
She smiles. It must be a ritual after eating. A rotten body will smell over time while decaying the tissue and organs and bones into dust. Ya know we all go back into dust bannies, giggles.
He nods. A very good observation, Siryon, I concur with your conclusion. A stinky body will reveal and revel their immediate identification here on Notian Karst.
She flies and bumps into his body on purpose, giggling. Sorry about that! Thank you, Zcio.
They fly to the fifth level flying around more black dust of dead Noti.
Zcio hovers then views the top peak. There is one more tier, views the bottom. The Noti used the inner walls of the mountain as their shelter home for centuries. I guess another passing by nomad civilization will take up residence here pretty soon. Lets view the peak then fly back down to the others.
Siryon studies the third tier below her feet. Womacks sending the warriors back home. Our task is finished for the day. Maybe, we could do something fun for the afternoon
Zcio winks at her. We are attending Koos slider barbeque with me.
Siryon smiles then bumps his body again. That would be really nice and fun with you
They fly towards the peak then hover over the rock.
Zcio gasps. Look at that, the rock ledge is white colored, he flies around the object.
Siryon gasps flying beside him. What is that in the middle of the rock?
Zcio frowns with puzzlement. I do not know. It appears such like a creative design or a piece of art work or a hidden message or something of great importance. I suspect it was left by the Noti people before they were eaten by the Cannibees. 
We must tell this to Womack, Siryon stares at the design.
Zcio nods. Yes, we must immediately, they swing around flying towards the third tier. Zcio flies into Womacks face. You must see this design on top of the highest peak, Womack. It is a great mystery plus creepy, when Womack frowns then nods.
Zcio, Siryon, and Womack fly by Touch in the air then land on the top of the highest rock platform.
Womack gasps at the design. Yeah, this is really mysterious and creepy
Zcio nods. Yeah, this is really mysterious and creepy
Siryon nods. Yeah, this is really mysterious and creepy
Womack exhales then squats, touching the closest item. This is a human bone, firm and strong. The color is slightly dull colored white like it has been kept warm and toasty and roasty
Siryon frowns. Did the Cannibees roast the bones before they ate them?
My understanding, the Cannibees only consumed the soft meat parts and softer organs. I do not believe that they consumed the hard bones only a beast with strong jaw lines and thick fangs could chew through bone fibers, nods Zcio.
Womack nods. I agree. What does the creepy design represent?
Siryon frowns. How many human bones are there in the creepy design? This platform is about 500 feet in length by 500 feet in height. The entire design is made from human bones. Why use human skulls? I recognize the rounded shape of the human skull.
Womack laughs. The Cannibees liked to play with their food like little kids.
Zcio frowns. No.
Siryon says. The human skulls are grouped like a puzzle or a plan or a plot. Thats it! The Noti were going to move or evacuate from the Notian Karst.
Zcio studies the cavern walls. No, the walls hold chopped out holes for shelter. Theres plenty of fruits and wildlife for food. And they were completed safe from harm. They were not planning to move.
Siryon says. O! They were burying their dead here on top of the cavern peak. Why leave out exposed naked bones in which an animal could steal for chewing or food? The peak almost touches the ceiling. This is the Noti graveyard.
Zcio frowns. I do not know.
Siryon walks to the skulls and fingers the objects. I can prove it. This big group of gathered human skulls is in located in one specific spot upon the rock ledge on purpose. There are six human skulls. Well, obviously the largest skull is an adult then around the adult there are the little baby skulls. So, the six skulls represented the mama who died and her five children who died at the same time, so sad
Zcio nods and says. The ledge is 500 feet wide. An average adult human radius is close to six inches. An average baby human radius is about three inches. Within the Noti the culture lived for long periods of time with very good healthy therefore they died of old age. So the Noti rate of death was about two per year. The Noti existed for 2,000 years. Two times 2,000 equal 4,000 skulls of deceased Noti which are positioned upon this rock ledge. Do you agree with me? Zcio sees Womack and Siryon nods. He views the skulls. I quickly also have added up the baby skulls. The baby skulls represented less than .006 percent of the 4,000 skulls about 24 baby skulls around the rock platform. I can quickly see the difference in shape and size of the babies compared to the adults. Do you agree with me? he sees them nod then says. This is logical since a baby rarely dies until attacked by a wild animal or a terrible fall from a cliff face, exhales. I agree with Siryon. This is a grave yard.
Siryon fingers the skulls. There are adult, baby and maybe teenling human skulls too, three types. The baby ones are small. The teenling ones are middle sized. And the adult are the largest of the skulls.
Zcio nods. Adults die more often than babies and teenlings. However teenlings die too from various accidents of carelessness and foolishness. Right, Womack?
Womack chuckles. Yeah, both are accidental purposes with teenlings, nods. I agree with both of yall. Siryons very good illustration and explanation is both logically and sound showing the adult and her children from the different shapes of the skulls, exhales. This is the Noti graveyard. We should leave the grave site be. Well also order Yamhill to leave the entire Notian Karst be too. A grave site should never be disturbed. Based on the positions of the old bones it looks completed intact. I dont think the Cannibees got this far up the cliff.
Zcio frowns and studies the skulls. Cannibees dont eat hard bones only soft meat.
Siryon fingers the bones. I dont get the human naked arm bones in the middle of the design. It is not representative of the entire human body only the arm portion.
Zcio nods. The arm is a semi-straight line within the human body probably closest to a straight perfect line. I believe the chain of arm bones represents a section between the families like a grave site marker for your specific biological clan. My clan exhibits and executes this tradition ritual too. Since my mama hates her sisters family with ugly passion and fiery words
Womack chuckles. Thanks for the added bonus, Zcio. We be done and gone with the breeze, yall, when the heated air blows over his boot toes. Womack jumps into the air from the rock hovering and captured between the limbs of Siryon and Zcio. He frowns with fury. Hot, heated down there. They watch the white colored rock turn blood red. The dull white human skulls and bones turn bright pink then dark red and finally midnight black. The skulls and arm bones cool quickly then morph into black dust.
Zcio smiles and nods. Our dust bannies, we solved the mystery of the burnt Noti bodies. The Cannibees didnt cook them after eating the meat. The old volcano hiccupped then burned the rock ledge boiling and melting the human exposed bones, tissue, organs, and blood into black ashes.
Womack nods. Now we leave here forever.
 
Chapter 6
Nimtarts

planet Mercian
River Baird
Hours 14. Minutes 31. early afternoon. sunny. warm. no rain. partly cloudy.
The fresh water calmly flows through the tiny braid stream into the river since the beginning of time between the mud bars. A team of determined Primes stand at the foot of the concrete slab pulsating with thick watery brown slimy smelly stuff from its inners as far as their Touch-vision could see jetting from the mouth of the water channel.
A mission of where, when, who? rat-like Moro sniggers and squats collecting  his three fingers of the sickly dull brown goo then sniffs his fingers of disgusting muck.
Noot, Koosbay grins at the end of the dark tunnel then spins towards the darkness. The average person might think the short produced grunted sound forms a low musical note for the beginning of a classical song or some kind of secret sound signal attacking the foes for slaughter. But every single Dihe recognizes the acronym immediately.  Some teenlings respond with laughter. Some teenlings react with moaning. Some teenlings acknowledge with nodding. The four letters mean Need tO ejOn iT.
The young teenlings crawl behind following the leader through the horizontal hole with empty backpacks scraping the concrete walls, chaffing their kneecaps. Koosbay jumps first then two-steps out of the way, watching each teenling. He is responsible for both safety and security of the young Primes for this vitally secret mission.
Where are we? Moro stumbles on his four limbs sliding on green mud, slipping sideways out of the slick hole as the next teenling flings his bone and blood into the wet water and slick mud puddles, remarking with colorful adjectives.
 Incognito, Koosbay stands to the side as the teenlings scatter into groups.
Hey, I like that dack word incognito. I smile and nod feeling my Touch levitate me over the low muddy puddles, running smelly green water, and tumbling teenlings. I swing and watch for Foxi from the tunnel. She elegantly floats to me, giggling. I cuddle her into my chest.
Dont curse, Tarn, human-like Koosbay frowns.
I smile. Didnt know incognito was a
Zip it, Tarn. Koosbay slams his hand into Tarns back muscles when Tarn and Foxi waiver down onto the concrete then float back into the air, chuckling. The lazy and clever male teenling has a quote for everything telling at the most inopportunity moment of time. Koosbay feels sorry for Womack and Maries, the most respected Dihe couple within Intragalaxy with imprints of royalty, if the Establishment ever recognizes that lame concept.
Tarn possesses a strong Touch from his good DNA genes provided by his mom and dad. He exhibits the Touch talents sometimes to easily making him a lazy and leisurely gifted Prime. The boys and girls his own age are stationed as first Primes not clinging to the kitchen apron strings of the lowly safe and secure second Prime title. The other teenlings are diligently working towards the final step of Masters and Mistresses in the limited Dihe tribe with bigger obligations and responsibilities of something.
Not only purposefully neglecting his second Prime duties, Tarn only seems to enjoy abusing his status of Toucher while conducting silly childish pranks at both the younger and older Primes. The disastrous outcomes results in numerous and long punishment sessions instituted by his mom, his dad and his Dihe higher authorities occurring a various locations within the EDU center, the REC center and the MED center. At the present, Tarn is busy cleaning out the rooting pests and bugs from the formal war prison cells used 20,000 years ago under the MED center.
Womack becomes so frustrated with his sons lackadaisical performance that he has handed Tarn over to Koosbay and his wife Zeelee hoping to hyperjump Tarns brain cells into action towards a responsible and respectable adult by the age of eighteen years.
So far, it aint working on Tarn.
Koosbay studies Tarn who is securely wrapped his biceps around his best blossom, a term for girlfriend.  Buds are boys. Blossoms are girls. When a girl is your only female companion she is your best blossom. Foxi is Tarns best blossom, female companion. Nimtarts is Tarns best bud, male companion.
Koosbay remembered the entertaining Tarn and shy Nimtarts who got paired like a set of electron magnets on the first day of EDU center teachings as young four year old Primelings.
Nimtarts represented the only Prime in his biological family, since the elder Dihe leader followed the old Dihe traditions. Nimtarts and his immediately biological family unit lives, works and plays inside the Dihe outpost on planet Mercian. Nimtarts attends the Prime teachings, training and tutoring at the outpost while his mom and dad and siblings attend the non-Dihe workings and teachings inside a set of different buildings located on the outpost grounds too. The biological family stays together forever.
In the ancient times, the Dihe warriors lived within their own biological family unit too. The family relied upon the talent Toucher to defend and protect each family member, especially the weaker non-ejon members, a big responsible for a young Prime within Intragalaxy.
The little human-like males named Tarn and Nimtarts were seated together at the table then became inseparable as buds. They worked on assignments, played on swings, raced in pacers, and dated the same litter mates Foxi and Voxi who were gifted Touchers of the Feliux-species.
Cat-like Furno told both Womack and Koosbay in private behind closed and sealed air pocket doors that he approved of Tarn and Nimtarts as the future mates for his Prime daughters, after they defended their mistress-ship.
Currently, the Establishment does not arrange engagements of future marriages but also are not discouraged. However parents secretly and routinely scout out an early future mate for their talented ejon child hoping to produce more Touchers. The biological and physics do not really work like that but there is always great hope and dumb luck if you believe in that kind of silly magic.
Furno has generously offered to coach Nimtarts along with his sweet daughters when Koosbay has accepted Tarns master-ship nixing the old Dihe way. Currently, the Dihe tradition and teachings are instructed within the biological family unit creating the loving bonding, the tender sharing, and the caring examples of the Touch partnership leading a young Prime into a healthy and happy adult Prime. When Womack and Maries couldnt advance their own sons Touch training Koosbay offered to assist sliding his current ward Nimtarts into the furry mitts of Furno.
Tarn and Nimtarts are too close, too serious, and too brotherly to compete with each other. It works out better for Nimtarts to best his skills with the other competent first Primes who challenge his Touch talents expanding his ejon abilities.
Presently, Koosbay studies the tunnel pass.
The Dihe pair of Tarn and Foxi along the side of Nimtarts and Voxi easily float inches from the concrete platform, whispering trivial chats about trivial stuff as the emerging teenlings fall from the tunnel. Seeing the four-some, it is hard to believe to anyones eyeballs that Tarn is referenced as the low ball on the chain of second Prime. He easily floats, swirls and twists along with the advanced first Primes. Coming from the same cat-like litter plus double dosages of Touch ejon parents, Voxi and Foxi are evenly matched in their ejon skills and abilities. The rest of the cat-like litter mates lack the ejon trait. 
This isnt surprising to Koosbay.
The Establishment scientists had been trying since the dawn of the first day of the first year of Intragalaxy to figure the secret workings and theoretical physics of Touch. The only physical and visual attribute is the odd glowing eerie white nails of both fingers and toes. When the nail touches the common mineral known as ectoid, which are little tiny fragments of gray sand hidden under rocks, exposed in the air, or inside the water bank, a Toucher is born.
In theory every human-like and species-like eats, drinks and breathes the ectoid particles thus making every one, a Toucher. This is not true. When the particle of ectoid hides the sand glows with white.
Voxi and Foxi possess high ejon making them outstanding Touchers.
Koosbay dislikes labeling a young Primeling at an early age but the inner ranking helps select the proper Prime instruction and training in the critical development stage of a teenling for producing the best Master or Mistress Prime within Intragalaxy. He studies the teenlings under his command for the secret mission approved by Womack.
The Dihe ranking scale is listed such like low ejon, a poor Toucher; medium ejon, an average Toucher; high ejon, a great Toucher, or outstanding ejon, an awesome Touch.
Moro, a ratty appearance and more ratty personality is secretly listed with an extremely low range of ejon talent and a poor Toucher even with using his sharp fanged bato. However, the elder Primes do not worry about Moro. His native species relies upon the acidic poisons housed inside the pretty pink swollen welts encircling his plump body. The toxic poison could bring down the fairy tale twenty-two feet dragon-like Dratux with no problem who are currently extinct within Intragalaxy.
Intragalaxy is a safe place to live, play and work. There is peace, serenity and harmony with humans and species which has existed together for past 29,000 years. No trouble. No danger. No war. War isnt good for any civilization either peaceful or hostile but it does perpetuate the creation of new inventions and new leaders with bold ideas.
Koosbay is one of the new Dihe leaders with bold ideas minus a war. He likes to try, test and trial the teenlings under direct pressure with outside limits and naked exposure of impromptu silly and childish activities in one word fun. This secret mission gives Koosbay the chance to assess each teenling out of an academic setting. He can monitor the social interaction, the ejon skills and the Touch execution. The accumulated data is shared with the respective Dihe coaches along with Womack for homing and handling the teenling Prime problems and projections.
The teenlings gossip as Koosbay tilts his golden hair bray sideways reading the environment conditions of the river braid. He sees no wind, warm temperatures and high sun. Then he studies the mud bar layout below the tunnel perch using his Touch. He views no rain, cold water and high shade. Clear, he Touch-leaps into the air, yelling. Sail.
Ejon the ride! I yell and cuddle Foxi then we bend our kneecaps. We sail into the air yelling and laughing with fun. She rubs my whiskers then snarls at the rough facial hair. I whisper. My human fur just for my little blossom, she giggles. We soar up into the clouds for more fun.
My facial whiskers arent standard uniform for a Dihe warrior. Maries has prohibited the un-kempt physical hairy display, especially among the younger Primes hitting puberty. Her edict includes me. I was the originator of the rebellious teenling act. As my mom debated and argued against me then I retorted with some pretty solid undisputed legal points. The other Dihe species wear hair all over their body parts and arent required by any written or spoken Dihe law to cut off their natural growing minuscule particles of biological re-reproducing cells. Therefore I am a human-like with limited amount of hair in limited areas of my biological body.
My mom relented giving my fad at chance to fade instead it had grown into epidemic proportions contaminating the other male Dihe teenlings with skull hair falling at the collar bone length and beyond. My dad supports my noble and brilliant cause sometimes sporting shoulder length blonde hair along with visual matching facial whiskers when not on an official duty for the Dihe tribe or is annoyed both verbal and mentally by Maries to shave it off inside the refresher station at home or at work or another station. After all the fuss and mess Foxi likes my whiskers. I like Foxi. My legal case is closed.
Dihe teenlings slowly descend than land boots, paws, and claws in the mud.
What we doing here now? Moro straddles on short legs playing with the brown goo between his naked rat-like feet with his white six toe nails glowing.
Koosbay hovers above the mud, smiling and nodding. He scans the low laying plant bushes of brown and gray colors for the prey. Cockshut hunting.
No ammunition, zebra-like Ezatala hovers over the mud, frowning with annoyance.
Spit guns, bee-like Taradash smiles then captures the floating weapon coming airborne from Koosbay. She cleans the weapon of debris for the kill shot of the prey.
I cringe pondering the big important secret mission spit killing the poor ugly baby chicks from their warm mud homes. Cockshuts are wild running little peach meaty non-flying three inch bird-like creatures grilled to perfection for eating with greens and buttered rolls.
Why are we murdering innocent baby chicks? Cat-like Foxi frowns with worry. She pulls away from me accepting the deadly weapon then examines the item. She is lean and tall covered soft ebony skin with splatters of bright orange and yellow horizontal long bars and short lines. Her only distinguishing mark from her six other litter mates is an orange vertical bar slanted slightly right on top of her black hair located exactly between the middle of the two soft pointy ears. Her waist-length hair is slicked back from the forehead for both beauty and function.
Supper later, sniggers Nimtarts: human-like, tall, board shoulders, narrow hips, shoulder length dark brown hair, brown eyes with golden specks, dark skin, and dark brown facial whiskers. He accepts the spit gun cleaning any remaining residue of anothers mouth salvia with his Touch. He is first Prime and Tarns best bud.
And you for dessert., whispers cat-like Voxi into his cheekbone when Nimtarts chuckles. Voxi is his best blossom and first Prime along with her litter mate Foxi. The difference between the litter kittens is a single orange bar. The bar for Voxi tilts sideways to the left marking her black hair from her litter mates.
Koosbay surveys the weather, the bushes, and the teenlings then nods. He whistles disturbing the sleeping nest as the excited and scared cockshuts run wildly through the muddy grass, so the expert hunter can shoot the spit dart directly at the creatures for both food and fun. The nutritious food product really benefits his four-year-old Kooces balanced diet and the growling teenlings into big and strong Dihe Masters and Mistresses within Intragalaxy, one day.
I hold the spit gun against my lips along with my breathe watching for a scared running cockshut to enter my target range. The Dihe tribe and friend will be eating at Koos hof tonight for both fun and food. His child named Kooce is something. The kid is cute but smells stinky and feels wet all the time. Since I hit high puberty smells, tastes, and touches changed from hawk flying to girl gawking along with proper bathing and hygiene techniques for my personal benefits. Kooce doesnt notice his stinky short frame but I most certainly do reminding to stay clear of the kid tonight at dinner.
Koosbay taps the sensitive field of consciousness with his Touch alerting the teenlings to the thick flock of cockshuts gathering at the base of the bushes. Then the chicks leap over the small crop of leaves as Koosbay sends a quickie instruction on handling a spit gun.
Shoot.
He Touch-minds the teenlings. The poor little innocent chicks do not know their faceless evil predators as the small tiny flying darts smaller than a sewing needle penetrate an eye socket killing supper instantaneously. Peach feathers and toes fill the empty space of air. Koosbay smiles and tosses his arm in victory. Dack Primes, that be some great spit shots.
Great appetites, Nimtarts smiles and cuddles Voxi when she giggles and nods.
Moro sniggers and stores his spit gun for future usage, without volunteering any mouth salvia. He studies the cuddling pair of Dihe. Appetite!? Ya hungry again, Nimtarts?
Always and a day and the day afterward that and the day..., Nimtarts kisses her nose then cheekbone then lips.
Koosbay laughs. Gather the dead chicks by Touch then float them into your backpack for transportation. The number of dead chicks ya got represents the number of roasted chicks you eat. Okay, ya can come along too Nimtarts but dont eat all the prizes.
Nimtarts frowns at Koos. What prizes?
Got slider patties from Thurrock, Koosbay wiggles his fingers at his batch of dead cockshuts for his wife and child too.
Good stuff, sliders patties, Moro rubs the tummy back stepping from the dead chicks. He didnt kill any for his supper. So hell consume only slider meat tonight at the gathering.
Elephant-like Gamnon gathers his dead chicks along with some alive and dead insects. His species eats the meat covered in tree leaves, tree bark, and soil bugs. He says. Slider, the snake-like beast crawls on its belly with four sharp razor fangs on top and bottom. The meat is eaten with an orange tangy sauce swimming over the lavender juicy tender meat when fire-stoved along with varied colored numerous fruits and greens. The fangs are used for jewelry.
Koosbay smiles and slaps the bag over his shoulder, nodding. Correct, Gamnon. And got us some mower steaks from Harrogate
Gamnon slaps the bag over his shoulder too. Mower, the cow-like creature is both food and clothing for species and humans. The brown raw meat cooks into pink perfection with pink juices bleeding over your platter for the best eatings. Mower is a beast with four hoofs, fat with tender red meat. The meat is best cooked for two minutes with the outside charred and the interior pink coated with mower pink blood pocketing the seams which melting onto your tongue without chewing. If the inside meat is red from overcooking, the meat is rough and leather.
Bee-like Taradash uses her Touch to lift the heavy bag into the air, smiling. Does Gamnon ever forget anything?
Nimtarts hovers both bags for him and Voxi like a young gentleman of Intragalaxy then cuddles her close to his cheekbone and chest. He winks. Fire-stove red, yellow and blue flames high into the sky then toss the red mower meat and the lavender slider meat and the peach-tinted cockshut meat over the fiery heat just for my portion of the first plate of good food. Cook it perfectly then wash all the hardy food down with a mug of ice cold golden beer
Koosbay swings towards the tunnel, frowning with annoyance. No beer, bud.
Nimtarts smiles and winks at Voxi. Three slips.
Koosbay frowns with annoyance at him. No beer, Nimtarts.
One little tasty slip, Nimtarts and Voxi fly over the concrete using their Touch, smiling and chuckling.
Youre underage, bud. Koosbay and scoots to the side of the tunnel watching each teenling jump down the hole with their dead prey. He frowns and shakes his long golden bray.
Nimtarts yells and grins, levitating closer to the tunnel. Let me lick the glass with tip of my tongue just for a taste please.
Yucko, Nimtarts, frowns Voxi.
Lick his tail, Koos just for your pleasure, I chuckle with the others then jump down the hole.
Gamnon smiles and nods at his leader. Koorskis is famous for gold beans brewed into ale and cooked into meats, soups, and sauces, jumps down the hole.
Pacderdom never forgets, Taradash jumps down the hole.
Adopt me please. Nimtarts grins at Koosbay being the only Prime in his biological family who enjoy making fun of his weird shining toenails, when his feet are bare.
Koosbay fingers the hole when Voxi enters first then Nimtarts. He laughs with a wicked grin. Yes

Chapter 7
Koosbay

planet Koorskis
white dwarf star
starry night. no rain. no clouds. cool.
Hof of pregnant Dihe Mistress Zeelee, Dihe Master Koosbay, four year old Primeling Kooce. Hours 21. Minutes 45. late evening.
The teenlings occupy the extreme far corner inside the social room, after devouring the delicious food entrees inside the dining room. They are tucked away from the nosy adults and stinky dumblings huddled together on top of floor cushions decorating the floor tiles talking, chatting, whispering, giggling, and laughing, being extremely noisy.
The nosy adults are perched on bar stools and stone polished tables with Koosbay attending the beverage bar. He serves tall glasses of frigid ice cold golden beer not allowed for the teenlings, either, since they are underage as dictated by the legal law within Intragalaxy and his private residential home. Some adults are standing. Some adults are seated. All adults are consuming drinks and laughter.
The stinky dumblings are parked in the little self-cleaning steel adjoined chair and table on the other side of the room near the refresher station for a quick trip on naked feet, paws, and claws.
Were called a tribe. I nod and tickle her waist. Foxi giggles into my cheekbone. I work my ripped bicep on a new fisser with one hand between sips to my mouth and then hers. We both giggle and share mouth spit for both fun and food.
I agree with Tarn, zebra-like Ezatala smiles and nods tapping on his sofa pillow with her hoof. Her goal is to one day marry Tarn. He is the only handsome, smart and highly ejon talented son of Maries who is slated to be the future leader of the Dihe clan within Intragalaxy. Her other goal is to agree with every word and sentence that Tarn speaks both verbal and mental then conjure, convince, and con him to her side. She would be the best blossom for Tarn so they could spend their eternal lives together and besting her twin horse-faced sister Ceffee.
You stand to be corrected, Tarn. We are classified by MEX as a clan with the deeper meaning of family, bird-like Yachats: eight inches short, curly dark red hair. She is a second Prime fluttering in the air then perches on the book case surrounding the pillows to see and hear the teenling conversation. The word family has a deeper meaning, since Yachats is the only one of few Touchers of ejon within her biological flock of native species called Aviion.
Her biological mom, dad, sisters and brothers along with her grandparents, cousins, aunts and uncles died from a virus invading her home planet of Purpat. Her home world survived the biologically and chemical invasion but the population was greatly reduced to less than 2,000 birds of her species. Dihe Master Jahally is another survival of the virus invasion along with first senator Grossete, the Aviion representation in the Establishment. Yachats considers all the Dihe her second family displaying affectionate love, praised honor and mutual respect to her, being adopted at age three by the Dihe tribe on Mercian.
Sorta of, but we have a distinct social rank, rat-like Moro sniggers and grins. He enjoys the debating, arguing, and down right objecting to each personal and professional opinion of each teenling, whether he is right or wrong. His rat-nature is sly and slick, sometimes tricky or tricker while grinning his sharp teeth.
Meaning, you are below me in everything also, Moro. I accept that axiom, chuckles Quimpher: octopus-like Pieuvr-species, ten feet tall, eight arms in silver sticky substance on top and blue tinting on bottom. He possesses two sets of slats for breathing either air or water, a curved polished silver skull with three black bow shaped eyeballs. He hales from the water world of Detz in the far reaches of Intragalaxy. The planet is known for aquatic meals and minerals from the ocean waters. The species are primarily traders of merchandise in the Establishment.
I mean in history. I wink and hug Foxi when she giggles making the sound tingle my emotions.
He reads? bee-like Taradash frowns with puzzlement at Tarn. She is truly convinced that Tarn is a lazy teenling, a typical behavior pattern among her younger friends like Moro. She studies Moro.
He repeats. Theres a distinct difference in social studying habits, wolf-like Cherwell grunts then growls and then finishes her dessert. She chews and studies Tarn. She finds him to be both arrogant and allusive in character and might. However the day is coming when they will make in the Pit. Tarn is a second Prime now. To upgrade to first Prime he has to fight and win against another first Prime which Koosbay has secretly promised to be her.
Hey, in my history EDU sessions, I wave the fisser garnishing back the spotlight attention.
when Tarn attends in person and aint wiping down the cobwebs. Human-like Nimtarts chuckles then kisses on Voxi.
I frown with annoyance. In my history EDU session the hunter bands are egalitarians...
Taradash drops her mouth. He really reads, she is intrigued that Tarn is smart not acting like a teenling smart-hole. Nimtarts is smart and a smart-hole too who competes with her in any academic environment.
Elephant-like Gamnon smiles and nods. Tribes also have a social rank with prestige of a chieftain too.
You mean similar to a High Mistress and High Master Dihe. Who happen to be your biological parents? Moro nods, frowning with a distorted face then steals the new fisser from Gamnon.
Coincidence to my talk, I exhale.
Lecture, says Taradash.
Debate, says Cherwell.
Argument, smiles Moro.
From my history EDU session I have learned that any establishment is a complex social hierarchy of an organized and institutional group of doofurs excluding the species and humans, of course, I chuckle with some of the others.
Cherwell smiles. Tarns talking about the tiny tick approaching, when I swing and see the four year child.
Kooce waddles over to us in his new shiny boots, smiling and giggling. He stops in my face since my pillow lays on the flooring at his height. He mouth spits on my left cheekbone. Teach me, Prime.
Nimtarts raises his fisser motioning for the child, grinning and chuckling. Hey bud, Im the top choice here, first Prime, when his golden pupils widen with intrigue.
Kooce scoots closer to Nimtarts then mouth spits into his face. Teach me, first Prime. Nimtarts smiles and stares at the dumbling wiping off the mouth spit.
Nimtarts? Cherwell sneers then exhales, shaking her brown hair. His parents are one of the most powerful couples of the Dihe Touchers next to the mighty first couple of Maries and Womack.
My name is very cool, yeah. Nimtarts smiles and nods. Whatda ya want to learn about Kooce?
Dee dee code? Kooce nods and mouth spits again on Nimtarts.
Nimtarts jerks Kooce towards the wall wiping off the mouth spit again. He exhales. Good suggestion, your first Dihe code. The fight sessions are first cool. You and a vicious foe battle it out then one dies in red and blue flames of heated, sniggers with some of the others.
Taradash frowns. Nimtarts, you and your partner spur then parry with each other not until death, first Prime
Cherwell nods and chews. Hes fibbing, Kooce. Do not ever believe Nimtarts or Tarn for any reason but one which is called highly fibbing
Nimtarts jerks Kooce closer to his face, saying. The coach sessions are second cool. You and a vicious master work out the battle fighting skills then one dies in green and orange flames of coolness. The instruction sessions are third cool. Ya sit on your duff listening a lot to a lot of nonsense watching the campad flame into pink and purple heat then the campad dies by my bato.
You supposed to reading the material into the campad before ya flame into pink and purple heated plummets of pretty smoke and ashes, Nimtarts. Taradash frowns with annoyance.
Nimtarts nods and smiles along with Kooce sucking the kid into the chat. Finally, the lecture sessions are last cool.
Yeah, whys it last cool, Nimtarts? Cherwell grunts then growls and eats her second dessert.
Nimtarts winks at Cherwell. Dont know just are last cool. However my best bud Tarn here knows more about the lecture sessions than anyone in this room.
Kooce swings to Tarn then cutting his eyeballs to his parents then back to Tarn desiring to know the secret of the Dihe code. Tarn smiles pretending to ignore the little golden crayon, a favorite nickname from Koosbay. Kooce is golden colored from the tip of his hair roots down to the little toe except for the ejon white fingernails and matching toenails hidden inside his new boots. The brightly shining ejon indicates the child is a future Touch and is very strong from a set of good DNA from his biological parents. He mouth spits on the floor. Why it last cool, Tarn?
Silence invades the corner.
I clear my throat then smirk. Ya dont sit on your duff for two days from the whipping pain on youryeah, laughs with the others.
The golden pupils widen in shock. The rose colored lips quiver in fear. His golden bray shakes side to side then the green tears shoot loose from his tiny golden eyelids flowing bright and shiny upon his golden skin. Kooce wails. Mommie..., about faces, running then tripping then recovering on his big unbalanced shiny boots into her open arms.
Youre slider meat..., Moro chuckles watching the tender mama and child exchange. The slider goal, eat all the fruit during the sun and moon times until its ready to pop. The species purpose, eat the tangy tasty tender lavender meat as nutrition for both humans and species then the cycle repeats over and over again.
Cherwell drops her mouth viewing the tender moment of mama and son then sneers at Tarn. Do you have cobwebs in your human skull, second noob Prime Tarn?
Naw, laughs Tarn, watching Kooce race back to his mother.
Only cobwebs he sees in the dungeons, how many did you clean last week, bud? Nimtarts laughs and watches Kooce tattle on Tarn. Kooce stomps his boots and points his fingers in the direction of Tarn as Zeelee studies her son then her enemy snarling and sneering in overprotection.
Dungeons? Taradash frowns with confusion then smirks in amusement. Tarn is not a faithful teenling in the Dihe tradition or Dihe family way.
Nimtarts chuckles and hugs Voxi. Tarn gets punishment for disobedience, cleaning the cobwebs from the dungeons.
How many? Gamnon frowns with puzzlement at Tarn learning of the misbehaving teenling.
Im watcher this week, I smile and nod being proud of my new punishment.
Ha! A promotion, Moro sniggers then steals the dessert from Taradash.
Mommie Kooce yells from across the room as Zeelee hugs then lifts her son by Touch into the air. Zeelee is visual pregnancy with their second golden child. I swing to Kooce when Zeelee snarls at me. I suddenly feel with my Touch an anticipated punishment then a detention and finally a lecture from my mom, my dad, my Dihe monitor, and my new enemy of another single declaration of reckless adolescent innocent act.
Ezatala holds her plate. I offer you my dessert, Tarn, smiles and nods.
Nimtarts laughs. Dung toar.

Adult beverage bar.
Zebra-like Thane clicks her hoofs on the stone table ignoring the beer and annoying her friends. She shakes her mane. I cant believe. I dont believe. The Vilo are here and present on Mercian inside Intragalaxy
Golden human-like Koosbay stirs the drink and shakes his bray missing the action in the Noti cave upon hearing about the death attack on the Dihe. Naw.
They exist, Dihe Master Koosbay. I saw them with my own eye sockets, rat-like Knell sniggers and nods with her mate.
They have been extinct for over, Koosbay views him. How long have they been extinct Womack?
Womack sips the beer then licks his lips of the good tasting golden brew. He smiles. Forever
Human-like Maries nods and taps the beer. The old saying Vilo, the violators of power and greed. It is an ancient motto that I heard as a child
Cat-like Furno laughs. So whats the new motto, Maries?
There isnt a motto. The last space dust told that they once existed outside the galaxy, not inside. Now they dont exist. Now theyre all dead foreverly, human-like Womack sips the beer then licks his lips of the good beer.
I believe my eye sockets. I saw the black dust, bird-like Siryon nods.
Bird-like Jahally smiles and slaps Furno on the collar bone, chuckling. Dust bannies, when Furno fried the sucker with his bato.
Wolf-like Berwick smiles and slaps Furno on the collar bone too, chuckling. Correction, Furno executed the sucker then ejon turned the body parts to dust bannies with his bato.
The proper scientific term for a cloud of visual colored dust is polvendo, elephant-like Oxbow nods then sips the beer.
Rat-like Knell nods. We have a new bigger worser problem with the Vilo, sips the beer.
Bee-like Zcio chuckles. Did you ever attend a single one EDU session with me or another student, Knell?
Knell snarls across the table at him. Were the same age Zcio. I attended all my EDU sessions with you.
I just didnt recall at the moment Dihe Mistress Knell, Zcio smirks with the others. Since Knell can be so annoying during any social fun event.
I didnt know about dust and clouds. Thanks for sharing that vitally life-saving important scientific information but let me add more information. The Vilo Society, home of the Vilo lord, lady and little pridelings, says Cullom.
Oxbow shakes his skull, frowning with confusion. Pridelings is not a word.
Furno nods and smiles. Well, not a Dihe word but it is a Vilo one...
Porrett frowns and slaps the table with annoyance. Keep your voice down, Furno.
Furno scans the room, smiling. Why? O! I dont wanna upset the dumblings...
Where!? Maries scans the room then frowns and views Furno. Where did you pick up that vulgar term, Dihe Master Furno?
Furno nods and grins. Its kinda catchy and true like glue. Theyre young and naive and Nimtarts speaks it all the dack time...
Zeelee returns after placing Kooce into the warmer bed with a campad for a fun entertainment activity during the remaining time of the social gathering. She arrives at the table then frowns with confusion. Nimtarts uses that vicious term all the time, Furno. Dont tattle on poor Nimtarts.
Whos tattling on Nimtarts, Zeelee? Koosbay grins pouring more beer. He likes Nimtarts treating him like the other son. Koosbay enjoys his witty humor, genius intellect, and outrageous personality reminding Koos of him at a young and adventuresome misguided seventeen year old teen. Furno, whos Nimtarts current Dihe coach, whispered the new gossip not around the teardrop table either. Maries and Womack have promoted Nimtarts to a Dihe master if his Dihe performance passes the Tag next week.
Master-ship and Mistress-ship Tags are not fun more like intense mental, emotional and physical games on the body, soul and spirit. Successfully defending your new promoted title is awesome but successfully losing your new title is deeply scarred. The Prime feels rejection, failure, and sometimes depression for lots of the wrong reasons and from the wrong Primes. The Tag is the ultimate sport in proving your ejon skills with the talent Touch, the point of testing to better your Prime selfie.
Thane stomps her front hoofs side to side on the table spilling her beverage over the floor. My daughters are in danger.
Siryon nods, frowning with worry for her little bees. We are all in danger.
They do not exist. Berwick exhales then eye rolls, viewing his mate Porrett.
Thane leans over the table spilling other beer mugs too. Quiet, Primes. I will repeat softly. Do not alert the Primelings! They are too young to understand the word danger. Our Primelings are in danger. What are we going to do about it, Maries?
They are not in danger. Calm down, do you need a spray. Ginnita pulls out her medical can for such urgent emergency. She checks the amount of the slight medication. Full!
Thane uprights, shaking her hoofs, tail and mane, exhales with annoyance. I certainly do not. Im just a concerned and caring mother.
A crazy motheryeah, Furno bumps and smiles into his wife when she smiles and eye rolls with the amusing conversation.
Maries scans the table. We have another working theory about the event of Noti.
Womack frowns at her then sips his beer. He licks his lips then says. We do not have any such working theory. The Noti are dead within their home and new grave site
Not true, those embedded human foot prints came from the Vilo. They called themselves humans too like the Dihe. Maries nods.
We call us humans and us species unlike the vile and vicious varmints of Vilo, Maries. Furno smiles at her.
Maries nods and smiles. This is the new working theory current at play within the intellectual community. The Vilo humans had traveled a long time ago from a far away planet unknown to the Dihe or the Establishment. Then the Vilo secretly hid from both the Dihe and the Establishment making it appear like they have been extinct for centuries. Instead they have been here and present for centuries living among the Dihe and the Establishment
Furno tosses his mitts. Like witches, ghosts, vampires, werewolves andandand I ran out of fairy tale monsters. Help me out, Oxbow, laughs with the others.
There were two human-like colonies within Intragalaxy always. The Vilo human hid among the Noti people adopting their ways and customs for many, many centuries, nods Maries.
I just cant believe a human-like would enjoy walking around bare feeted with long shaggy hair and torn stinky rags. If I was born a doofur Vilo with long hair and bare feet then I would reject my birthright immediately and become a cool looking Dihe, Furno raises his beer toasting with Oxbow then Womack, then Koosbay and then going around the table with the males, chuckling.
Ginnita frowns with annoyance. Zip it, Furno.
Furno nods and smiles. Therefore we have accidentally stumbled upon the remaining last really red roasted remnants of a dead civilization of big badyeah, laughs with the others.
A big bad anumb, Furno, nods Zcio then sips his beer.
Thanks for the correction, Zcio, Furno laughs with the others.
Oxbow smiles. Upon the remnants of a dead and lost civilization represented by the once mighty, rogue, incompetent ancient soldiers of Vilo who used bone and brawn instead of crystals and courage. The end of my fairy tale.
Furno smiles. The end of the Vilo, raises his beer. The beginning of the Dihe, cheers with the others when the dumblings and teenlings view the adults.
Koosbay scans the faces. Sorry yall, a good joke.
Tell me, Daddy. Kooce gallops from his room then towards his dad with open arms being disturbed from the nosy and noisy adults with loud shouts and cheers.
Koosbay lifts and hugs his son, yelling. Bed time for the Primelings. Time to go home, folks.
The dumblings, teenlings, and adults exit the house.

Chapter 8
Twins

Planet Mercian.
Late night. Cool. No clouds.
Week 43. Day 3. Hours 21. Minutes 40. hof of Ginnita and Furno. 
Nimtarts twirls his fingers around her soft mitt. She swirls her tail in the air shuffling between a full erection for a friendly invite then wraps it around his neck for a wickedly encounter. She closes her three eyelids leaning on his shoulders, purring loudly.
Voxi and Foxi lounge inside individual swings on the front porch with their best buds. Each swing rocks back and forth slowly as the boot toe pushes the beat of their best buds heart within the bright blazing external lamps around the windows.
The light could blind the eyeballs of a small village from outer space along with the open front door for viewing hand and mitt action by a set of overprotective cat-like parents. The door is surrounded by a wire webbed screen for their nosy siblings who hide within the dark foyer.
Voxi. Nimtarts sweet breathes into her cheekbone then pecks a kiss on unique orange bar on top of her hair. He closes his eyelids cuddling her into his chest, feels his Touch expand around them along with hotness of body and softness of fur. At this moment no one would, could, or dares touch her, least one dies swiftly and painfully.
I feel purrfectly kittenish, she giggles not desiring to move from her warm spot or her hot best bud. Their hearts beat as one. Their blood runs up and down in unison from their brain cells down into their pinky toes toasting their bodies into hotness. Their mental waves sync with thoughts of love, passion, and more and more and more
Numb-tart, Botchee is one of six litter mates of Voxi and Foxi. He jerks Nimtarts from his sister rattling the brain cells while freeing Voxi within the cool night air. The left ear of Botchee is half missing after capturing an ear fungus, a rare condition in the Feliux species. He refused advanced medical treatment and the proper clinical medication electing to remain deformed for his terror and tickles approach like the Dihe males. He sneers not purrs into Nimtarts eardrum.
What did I do, bud? Nimtarts struggles and kicks his boot toes in the air frowning with confusion between the two bulky big biceps of Botchee.
I dart my eyelids at Nimtarts hanging suspended in the air then whisper to her. What did he do to Voxi?
Foxi giggles then pops her skull upright blinking her three eyelids. She concentrates forward-pointing her two furry ears, collecting as much auditory information as possible then whispers to him. Shes purring, giggles and smiles.
Is that a bad thing for her? I frown and view Nimtarts still hanging like clothing rack from the hands of Botchee.
Foxi smiles and giggles. Actually, its very good thing for him. Nimtarts has a very sensitive touch
Dont understand. I whisper and watch Nimtarts.
Foxi touches my face as I swing and smile at her. She says. Purring, thattheit, exhales then views Nimtarts and finally me. I frown with puzzlement at her.
Botchee dangles Nimtarts by the neck muscles six inches from the wooden porch stomping to our swing. He leans and bad breathes into my face. Time to leave too, Tart-tart too.
Shore, yeah, going, getting, I kiss Foxi on the lips when Botchee grabs my vest. Botchee jerks me from the wooden swing with his unnatural brute force stomping us three down the front porch steps onto the sideway.
Botchee, dont show off! Foxi shouts and stands beside Voxi as both fling arms and mitts with fury at their brother.
In the house, Mamas final order for the evening. Botchee stomps into the manicured grass passed the pretty planted colorful flower garden.
Bye, Tarn. See you tomorrow, sleep well. Foxi waves and blows invisible kisses at him. Tarn flicks a lousy hand toss back to her struggling within Botchees cat-like hold whos completely lacks the ejon supernatural talent.
Bye, Tarn, Voxi waves both mitt, giggling.
I toss my hand signifying a bye-bye sign, since I cant move from the dizzy headache and aching neck muscles, compliments of Botchee.
Botchee flexes his biceps backwards then forward as Tarn and Nimtarts Touch-leap up and out of his mitts onto the hard street. Using Touch, they each land on solid feet and bent kneecaps without injury to their biological bodies. He snorts wiping his clean hands of the noobs, yelling. Good bye, Dihe trash! Back into the house now sisters
Foxi lifts on her tippy toes narrowing her eyelashes. She waves both mitts giggling and smiling. Bye, Nimtarts. Ill give your wave to Voxi too. See yall tomorrow at EDU session.
Nimtarts heel spins at Botchee when I jerk him backwards, whispering. Future brother-in-law, remember? I chuckle when Nimtarts curses. I tug him about face as we pace under the well-lighted street strutting home for the evening. Like or not, tomorrow is another day at the EDU center for my Primeling learning and teachings until my mom forgets and forgives. Never.
My next adventure is to defend the new title of first Prime which could be this year later in the winter time or maybe next year in springtime or no time. I have plenty of time living in peaceful place. Forever.
Intragalaxy is Intragalaxy, a big bold boring box of something.
Nimtarts exhales, shaking his curls and hands, saying softly among the dark houses on the dark street. What did I do to Botchee?
Voxi purred. I whisper and smile.
He frowns. Is that good to Botchee?
Foxi says its great for Voxi.
Im great. Nimtarts smiles not shouting. He doesnt want to disturb the sleeping neighbors or the watching dumblings who observe all the nighttime movements on the night road reporting to their parents in the morning hours prompting gossip around the outpost about certain two infamous Dihe teenlings. Every eyeball recognizes Tarn because his parents are leaders of the famous Dihe tribe. Nimtarts is Tarns best bud so every eyeball knows his slick grin and arrogant strut. The buds are inseparable totally.
I nod and smile. Dack, youre great and Voxi is fine like her litter mate Foxi.
Shes wane, my fine blossom Voxi. Nimtarts gently touches his lips savoring the moment of her soft kiss and the warmth of her heated body covering him. They are one together in thought and soul rocking in the swing or walking on the street. Did ya make Foxi purr too?
Shore, all the time, yeah tonight even too with yall, I nod and frown with puzzlement.
So why didnt Botchee bust youryeah, nods Nimtarts.
anumb, Zcio taught me that scared secret word. Youya beat me to the punch, bud, I slap his chest, chuckling.
She purred all over her body. It tickled my skin. Her soft fur rippled against my cheeks, Nimtarts chuckles.
You sound sick, bud. I frown with disgust hoping theres no drool on his vest as Nimtarts clears his throat. I say. Ya sound sickly like a din-din cub with his wolf-mama whining for attention or something. The something was Voxi that caused your intersection with Botchee. He saw yall. Botchees her litter mate. He probably sensed her change with your hu-manly maneuvers, chuckles.
Hu-manly maneuvers, I like that and I like her.
Botchee doesnt like your hu-manly maneuvers.
I like her a lot. Shes totally wane. I havent told anyone this. Okay, I havent told anyone so dont repeat this to a soul, Nimtarts exhales. Ive selected Voxi...
Selected Voxi for what purpose into the Pit as your Tag, she only a first Prime
Nimtarts stops then studies me shaking his curls. You really are dack, Tarn.
I park my hands on both hips, narrow my eyelids, dropping my mouth. Dack, me really? So why, Nimtarts? What da I miss here about you and Voxi?
The boat, the carriage and the water, chuckles Nimtarts.
What!? Selected Voxi for what? There be a social dance or dinner coming up or something else coming here on Mercian.
Nimtarts laughs and nods. Definitely something is coming that will change my life, your life, and all our lives like her being my mate. Me and Voxi
I view the street then the tree, the sky and finally Nimtarts. Howda you tell her?
By mouth, laughs Nimtarts.
I drop my mouth. By mouth, Nimtarts? Does she know what by mouth means?
Nimtarts twists toward his house. I think so. I do love her a lot.
I exhale. Wow! Dack! Mated, you and her together forever. But us? Were so young at seventeen years old. What about us? Our new adventures? Our new conquests?
What conquests, Tarn? That advantage point is gone, dead and done. My new adventure is coming soonest
without me, I whack the weeds in the flower bed at his house. Wow! Dack! Mated, you and Voxi. Whatwhat changed ya, bud?
Nimtarts stands on the steps, bad breathing into my face not waking the ghosts with his angry. He whispers. The attack on the Noti.
I tick my tongue and shake my curls for drama. We dont really know the Noti, bud. They existed and died without us shaking their hand or spitting into their eyeball. As a matter of fact no one knew the Noti.
Nimtarts nods. Your point is very valid. I want folks to know me.me with Voxi. We will become like a family and such, ya know. Didnt you have feelings for Foxi? Theyre twin sisters.
I nod and view the weeds. Feelingsfungoodhappy
I possess the same feelings but I want to enjoy them with Voxi. You and Foxi are together. All four of us together on our own different adult adventures from our parents it all fits nicely together for life within Intragalaxy. The tradition mating ritual will be next sun when Im eighteen. We both will be eighteen years old. My moms guessing and hinting about the upcoming mating ritual too. She wants Voxi to be part of our
I frown. What about me?
You can marry Foxi. She really, really likes you, Tarn. Dont you got really liking feelings for her too? Your mom approves of Foxi too.
I exhale. My mom, how did she get into our teenling chat?
He nods, slapping my chest. Come on Tarn, your parents are the Dihe leaders of Intragalaxy. Theres no pressure in our young lives. We live a carefree existence compared to other species. Human-like didnt really fight like some of the wilder
My moms working to get me mated without asking me. Ya know I heard the rumors that loving moms do this stuff all the time with their teenling babies. Not happening, bud.
Why not? Foxi is foxy.
I see. I hear. I feel. But Im not ready for mating ritual, the home cooked slider meat, the smelly dumblings.
Nimtarts laughs. All those mentioned event comes with the packaging. Love bit my pants! I cant help the way I feel and the way I think about Voxi. Shes fantastic and incredible and beautiful and smart and Im confused with your new hu-manly behavior, Tarn. I really want a dumbling or two. My mom does too. We had fun together as second Primes but Voxi is funner for me...
I kick the weeds then watch it bounce back from my violent action. Funner aint a vocabulary word, bud.
He frowns. Neither is aint...
I kick the flower then watch it die from my violent action. II
You dont wanna grow up and Im all grown up. Im talking about almost ready to wear adults. Yeah, were teenlings learning and studying to be Dihe warriors, Nimtarts chuckles. My dad says that were not warriors more like watchers, views the night stars. Watchers, watching the Intragalaxy for something to come so Im going to be a master when it comes soonest, exhales then views Tarn.
I frown with puzzlement. How soonest? Who told you that, Nimtarts?
He nods and smiles at me. Furno is both my Dihe mentor and future father-in-law. Yeah, it sounds like a conspiracy except it be the truth. Youre second, not first. You need to work harder to attain the Dihe Master-ship level, bud. You got the Touch. I know. You know. They know...
I shake my curls. Why ya telling me this now? Nimtarts, what else are not you telling me?
Nimtarts slaps Tarn on the collar bone nodding. You are very talented. You need to focus on your long time goals like your parents. This also includes mating like you and Foxi since long time goals includes lots of stuff like love and stuff. Tarn, you are not like me but on a different path. We are separating. We have different goals.
I shake my curls exhaling and laughing. Totally too deep, bud.
You got Touch-clarity too. Thats dack too. Thats wane too. Ill getting mated next sun with Voxi. Thats wane three, he nods to me. Later, bud, back steps then enters his house.
I spin to my home, pondering too much information.

Hours 22. Minutes 18. Hof of Maries, Womack, and Tarn.
Tarn gallops at Touch-speed for home pondering Nimtarts.
The door opens as he enters into the social room then the kitchen, yelling. Dad, Nimtarts got promoted to Master-ship by Furno. Dad, hes going into Tag at the end of the week, Dad, Nimtarts is that good to be Master. Dad, Nimtarts is flying on stellar winds at the moment. Mom, Nimtarts and
Inside the kitchen Womack lays out the eating platter and utensils on the table for snack time when Maries hugs Tarn then frowns with worry. She slides into the chair. Tarn honey, whats the problem? You look pale. You seem unsettled. Is Primelings class work too hard? I was discussing tests, trials and tribulation about Master-ship earlier this evening with your dad. I believe time to accelerate your Touch to the maximization output of ejon, dear. The economics are changing within Intragalaxy, honey. You want to try the first Prime title. A big step, Im so pride of you, Tarn. Im pleased you are ready for the challenge. You will succeed like always. I know that you are scared and frightened that is a natural emotion as a teenling. You come from good hardy stock of talented Dihe. Me and your grandparents, the formal High Master and Mistress Dihe of Intragalaxy, are almost concerned to be royalty here on Mercian and among the Dihe tribe. You should never be shy about your inherited heritage, Tarn. Yes, it is a difficult burden to bear especially with the other jealous Primes. But I manage and so will you. This is your true reality, dear, the droid-housemaid serves the cookie tray and cold milk pitcher for the late night snack time.
I chew on the hot gooey cookie while actually avoiding the next Prime trial due to the fear of failure, the anxiety of failure and the disappointment of failure. Since birth I have been told over and over again about my great DNA, great ejon talent, great parents, great grandparents and their greatness.
Maries chews then swallows her cookie, smiles at Tarn. There happens to be a Tag the day after tomorrow, very soon. Voxi and Foxi are tagging for their Mistress-ship. As their current mentor they will succeed with high pride and higher praise. Nimtarts will be tested next week for his Master-ship thus allowing for an extra opening in the Pit. There are limited spaces with unlimited tests. All the Dihe Master and Mistresses place a vote for advancement. Nimtarts is too eager, too emotional about his test. He must learn patience this week. Nimtarts has surprisingly ejon talent and with proper instruction could rival Koosbay. Koosbay and Zeelee are second only to me and your dad. Koosbay and Zeelee will always be second to us. Heritage plays a big part of talent also does age, experience and wisdom. The wise rules, the Dihe wins.
Womack chokes then chuckles. Wise and wins are always together, son.
Maries frowns at her husband. You have eye witnessed numerous Tags employed within the Pit. Tarn honey, youre very talented. Youll succeed with high triumphant and stellar expectation but I am your mom. I supposed to encourage and tattle my emotional feeling. Tarn, I see a brilliant young master emerging from the dirt balls, giggles. I seemed to recall you being dusted inside the Pit during your second Prime fight. Dont fret. Everyone gets dusted during battle. There are three stages. The first stage is the katas or the silly little dances, compliments of your dad. However, the dances strengthen both the legs and arms for combat. The second stage is combat with the enemy. Of course, Dihe have no real foes. The fake foes are the programmed droids with no weapons that can hurt and sting. The last stage is to fight with me for three minutes since your dad refuses to participate in the Tag. Dont worry! We have all day and night tomorrow after ECU center to practice your fighting skills with me for the final stage, nods and smiles. I am so happy that this issue has been settled. Tarn is going to be first Prime very soon. We will be very proud of his new accomplishment. We can move on to the next fantastic feat. I saw you and Foxi this evening talking quietly.
I chew, swallow then burp the cookie crumbs back up my tight throat. Mom!? I drink the cold milk washing the cookie crumbs back down my throat into my stomach.
She giggles and winks at him. You escort Foxi home from ECU center every afternoon including today. I see you walk with Foxi and Voxi. Shes Nimtarts best blossom. Yall all walk together as Primes like always. You like Foxi. I like her too. She is a sweet fun girl. The cat twins will join you in the Pit this week. However this is a different delicate matter regarding Foxi and not related to the Pit, dear. Do you like Foxi, dear?
I wiggle inside the chair then chew, swallow and burp up more cookie crumbs. Mom, please dont start with my privacy of teenling, drinks the milk.
Maries nods and smiles at her son. I hear you talk about Foxi all the time. Shes cute. Shes sweet. Shes strong in ejon too.
Womack winks and chews when I chew, swallow and burp more cookie crumbs. Mom, I dont wanna mate with Foxi
What, Maries? Womack drops his mouth with food.
Maries pats Tarn on the hand, smirking. You are leaving the teenling age of minor childhood and moving into the adulthood at eighteen years old, next year. It is your time to make an adult decision regarding your almost adult life regarding females, family, and future. It would seem like you have thousands of seconds, minutes, and hours for one tiny decision. The sun rises fast. The sun sets faster. In our galaxy
I shove the chair from the table then burp from my stomach acid, standing. Mom!? I back step then swing towards the archway filled with the cookie and milk snack, readying for bed.
Tarn, you must be ready for the path of adulthood as well as master-ship, dear, Maries watches hisyeah.

Chapter 9
The Pit

planet Mercian.
sunny. warm. no clouds. no wind. no rain.
Week 43. Day 6. Hours 14. Minutes 18. Dihe outpost one.
The Pit is a squared-shape arena of red clay dirt and numerous small pebbles that hurts if ya happen to stomp your foot over one. It is surrounded by a one level of sequential rows of seating covered by a rooftop in case of rain. The Pit is not used when raining or thundering or not promoting a Dihe into the next rank.
I stand straight and tall. My head is forward and my arms are at my sides. My kneecaps are locked, bare feet and shirtless. Ya gotta love those old traditions before the beginning of time when the Dihe tribal members didnt wear long pants or long shirts only covered in a single piece of animal hide about youryeah.
The audience of about hundred or less beings can sense the nervousness of Prime candidates who are trapped inside four semi-high concrete walls forming the Pit. The Prime candidates are playing the Tag.
The Tag is duplicated from a childs game of slapping the other child on the arm except the Prime candidates gets to whack the opponent into fire and ashes for competition and fun.
I slice my eyeballs at Foxi.
She looks half nakedness wearing the two pieces of cloth around her breasts and heryeah. Foxi stands perpendicular from my position inside the invisible box-shaped arena of dirt. She studies the lower tier of the stadium where the dirt toar and their babies live and squeak from the noise.
The drum bongs.
I slowly lift my left foot raising the bend knee, holding it parallel to the ground. I diagonally twist the bend kneecap to the side even with my hip waist, posing. One, two, three, four
The kata is judging the slow movement in terms of crispness of limbs, smoothness of flow, correct fast or slow speed with great power, deep strength, seamless control and lots of grace along with confidence and knowledge of the right order of sequential steps.
The kata means literally a shape. During training, the slow posing position is taught to dumblings as a tangible object you see with your eyeballs such as a bird on the ground. The shape form is a formalized sequence of movement for offensive and defensive fighting developing the leg and arm strength, the correct posture and gracefulness of your body and the mindfulness of control. Some katas are low and wide stances. Some katas involve vigorous arm movements enhancing your cardiovascular upper body strength. The katas are all performed to drum beats.
I hold the first kata pose, the bird. My right elbow bends to the side with fingers waving at the sky. My left elbow bends to the opposite side with fingers waving at the sky. My left kneecap bends to the side even with his hip facing the stadium. My right kneecap is posed and bent sideways towards the opposite side of the stadium. I am hovering in the air about ten inches hearing the drum beats.
The flute toots.
I fall to the ground then stand again facing forward with my warrior stillness. My arms are at my sides. My kneecaps are locked staring at the wall of the Pit, hearing.
The drum bongs.
I close my eyelids concentrating on the beats vibrating throughout my body, around the Pit, and my eyeballs burn from the silly gel markings painted on my chest, arms, lower arms, and face decoration. Ya gotta love that the ancient Dihe tribal members couldnt read but grunt and finger paint their fit bodies with vivid fruit bush berry juices of red, blue, green, and yellow. I possess a solid blue horizontal line across my collar bone, sorta. Double red vertical lines over each breast nipple coming down from my collar bone into my twelfth rib cage with a set of many wiggly yellow lines between the solid red vertical lines. My face smears in blue cheekbones. Yellow sideways lines from each cheekbone wiggles down to the corners of my lips. A green line hovers over both eyebrows for the barbaric look of a modern day teenling Dihe doofur.
I rotate both arms and legs upward at the same time, not easy imitating the letter-X with both arms and legs. I float from the air hovering. I do not dare snart, a dual sound of a snarl and fart at the same time. The ingenious creativity was invented and abused by Nimtarts at six years old and still worked perfectly fine on younger Primelings, presently. Females can snart also but find the swift loud action more disgusting and greatly disenchanting except with Cherwell.
However she doesnt count as a female among any gender being designated a she-wolf. The she-wolf possesses a set of yellow fangs sneering between the bouts of bad breathe from lack of personal hygiene or eating her siblings (guess which one). She displays thick golden drool salivating while watching the twallows fly outside the window panes during EDU class. Twallows are her native species familiar dessert.
I think Cherwell would like to bite me to compare my white meat and tart juicy favor to her family nighttime meal of juicy tart other colored meats.
The Tag gel markings are another ancient-long-forgotten Dihe tradition when the tribal members back in the year 1 or 11 painted their body parts for terror and tickles to entertain themselves and hide from the wild predators who stalked them for food in any era of role reversal.
I have purple wavy horizontal and vertical lines on my biceps and triceps, orange curly Qs on deltoids, green triangles on my stacked abs, and a big pink circle with a bulls eye on my back.
Cherwell painted the bulls eye in pink using her fanged bato prickling and bleeding my sensitive epidermis one too many times with the fine sharp tip. Too bad, shes not up for Tag today. I could accidentally slam into her body drawing some of her precious colored blue blood during the Tag fighting.
Ezatala and Ceffee designed the creation on my chest and both arms using their soft hoofs and smeared the paint tattling their accomplished home making activities with their mom. I chuckled on queue during the verbal narrative then shooed them away, not before getting a single wet mushy kiss on each cheekbone. Foxi eye roasted the girls with her imaginative fireballs protecting our social togetherness. I survived and endured the pain and the pleasure.
The flute toots.
I fall on the dirt and stand upright in my warrior readiness again.
The drum bongs.
I sweep my hands, arms and waist to the side arching gracefully like a wind-blown tree with leaves on the first drum beat. Within the next beats I arch right, front and back and finally end the silly kata as a pretend smoking rocket ship preparing to launch to the moon. Planet Mercian has two moons containing nothing but colored in pink dust. Foxi likes to view the moon watching the color glitter in the moon light on the surface. I like watching Foxi.
The flute toots.
I fall on the dirt, standing in my warrior stillness.
The drum bongs.
I raise my arms over my skull as my ejon fingernails point towards the sky then slowly lift off the soil. I point my ejon toenails towards the earth while slowly rising higher from the ground. My kneecaps are locked making my legs straight. I float one foot from the soil then start the rotation turning towards my right side. My body slowly falls back towards the earth in the needle pose. I twist upside down with my arms dangling down from his shoulders. My hair dangles from my skull. My legs and toes face the clouds floating three feet from the ground. Using the Touch I control my blood from rushing out my hair follicles then splattering into the dirt, maintain equilibrium without dropping onto the ground sickly and dizzy. I grunt and hold for a few seconds so my mom can see the control I possess over my awesome ejon and the fighting gravity of the planet. I exhale then start the rotation completing the circle. My eyeballs adjust to seeing the world upright once again as the rotation stops.
I exhale and hover.
The mixed audience, sitting inside the shaded covered stadium from the bright sun rays, of talented Dihe members and regular Mercian folks do not root or clap or cheer or whistle or hoot or breathe for fear of getting attacked by someone, probably my mom. She runs and rules the Tag.
I show no emotion but dart my eyelids to the side, seeing Nimtarts. He stands with biceps crossed observing and worrying for me, Foxi, and Voxi. I focus my eyeballs on Foxi standing in front of Nimtarts and that particular portion of the stadium.
Voxi is standing on the opposite side performing the silly dance katas too, a requirement for all Primes including Primelings, second Primes, first Primes, and Master or Mistress candidates, compliments of my mom. No one likes them. Everyone does them.
The flute toots.
I whisper. Done, the kata poses have been completed.
I fall back into the dirt, standing in my warrior readiness mode.
The second stage of Tag, the candidate stands stationary with both arms at your side, eyeballs straight ahead exhibiting no emotions. Each candidate will be attacked at a different second from a different angle by a droid-attacker.
The droid-attacker doesnt possess a weapon only its tall, rounded, smooth piece of metal like myyeah.
The goal, I wait for my personal computer programmed droid-attacker specifically designed to my ejon talent, age and total experience of non-fighting sucky abilities since I have never been to battle for blood and honor.
It will drop down from the heavens as I watch the other Primes fight with their personal droid-attacker. Not all of the droid-attackers descend from the sky at the same time, since each Prime gets one personal droid-attacker. You are tested on speed of destroying the first droid-attacker. Once the first droid-attacker is smashed into metal bits then two droid-attackers will descend from the heavens right over the smoking metal pieces. You smash the two droid-attackers into more smoking metal bits over the first one when three droid-attackers fall from the sky. You are starting to see the picture and understand the dilemma. The faster you burn the droid-attacker, the faster more descend upon your head. Please note: I am dressed in a single cloth of light weight fabric over myyeah.
The second stage of Tag is timed also. I have ten minutes to destroy as many droid-attackers as possible, if I so desire. Or I can play around with the single droid-attacker then mess up its circuits until the time ends for it.
Most of the past Prime candidates fool around with single droid-attacker waiting for the ten minute deadline.
Each Dihe candidate gets promoted to the next level on the first try of the Dihe trial based on zero points from my mom and their combined good kata form, good attitude, and neat appearance. Face it, therere any enemies of the Dihe or the Establishment or within Intragalaxy.
For a Primeling to be promoted to second Prime the young kid gets to paint their body with colored gel and then roll around in a pit of black colored sand for fun. Then the kid performs the goofy silly kata poses of a bird, a rocket ship, a tree, and an upright needle point for my mom as the audience claps and cheers for the children. No droid-attackers. No fight scene with my mom.
My mom and dad are part of tribe of tradition associated with a past tribal culture helping people, a noble cause.
The Dihe being possess some unexplained and awesome supernatural talent called the Touch with visual marking of white ejon matter on the fingernails and toenails. So far, in my lifetime I havent found an evil ejon abuser other than some weak speculated Dihe theory.
In the second stage of Tag, I can perform any type of self-defense move, combat chop, or simple or complex fight move such as sparring, kickboxing, knockouts, spin-downs, take-downs, body sweeps, naked fist punches (really!), or just use my bato.
My bato is made from wood, like a tree and is used protect me from any sword or knife attacks. My bato is the length of my forearm shaped in a rounded smooth cylinder-shaped piece of wood like myyeah.
The bato is the tool of the ejon and the instrument of destruction. The bato is one solid piece of material: wood, rock, metal, or crystal. The handle is shaped to accommodate your hand and fingers or other related species body part. The blade descends into a sharp point such like a curved finger claw or straight tooth fang from the related species body part. The ejon flows from the Dihe being through the material of the bato giving the weapon both power and light of whiteness in a fight. The Dihe can fly and roll and soar under the Touch talents but the real force is the ejon power, an awesome plus. Therefore the tiniest Primeling makes a tiny bato from wood to practice and wand the Touch. A second Prime usually will possess a bato in wood, rock, or metal which requires you to twist the mineral into the fang-shape. Some of the first Primes have shaped a bato in crystal which is both pretty and hard.
My bato is parked between the band of my loin cloth and my naked chest ready to slice the droid-attacker at any moments calling.
In stage three of the Tag, there is no armor for my nakedness incorporating into my personal one-on-one combat round with my mom. I am to defend, protect and show my perseverance, fearlessness, virtue, leadership, comradeship and competition to the other Primes. I can only use my bato. The continuous non-stopping bout with my mom ends, when she smirks over your flatten sweaty body wiggling onto the dirty sand.
I close my eyelids, hearing silence then whistles in the far distance above my hair roots.
The droid-attackers are coming.
The whistle grows closer when I open my eyelids. The droid-attacker has selected monkey-like second Prime Suahni from another planet within Intragalaxy. I stand in a perfect triangle to Foxi with wolf-like first Primes Laufen and second Prime Suahni forming the geometric shape.
Suahni leaps from the ground slashing the white ejon into the silver slender cylinder cutting the metal into small bits of sparks and exposed sizzling colored wires. The smoking pieces fall to the dirt burning. Then the entire vertical cylinder slams into the dirt creating dust balls. Suahni drops to the dirt panting and sweating on bend kneecaps when I hear whistles. Two droid-attackers drop from the blue sky hovering on each side of Suahni. She smirks then snarls attacking the twin cylinder with bato chops and boot kicks.
I hear the whistle.
The droid-attacker drops in front of Laufen from another planet who expertly slices the metal in the neatly in the middle being a first Prime repeating his performance again to keep his Master-ship. The two pieces of cylinder split then dump onto the dirt when you hear more whistles. Two droid-attackers descend upon Laufen again.
I hear more whistles as numerous droid-attackers drop from the sky covering most of the Prime candidates. Each candidate is twenty-feet apart for both showmanship and protection of their buddy inside the Pit. You dont want to harm the Prime only the droid.
Foxi flies using Touch around the silver cylinder cutting diagonal slices into the thin metal then it falls sizzling and smoking onto the dirt.
I stand in warrior readiness for my first droid-attacker then dart my eyelids to Nimtarts. He closer watches Voxi on the opposite side of the stadium. Ugh! I feel something heated attack my leg then leap and somersault backwards from the fallen foreign object upon the dirt. I air spin around hovering and shifting the wind currents to attack the droid-attacker deviously sneaking up behind myyeah. I swing back my bato with both hands ready for the kill shot then halt. The object is glowing in silver rays an ugly geometric size of round eating platter. I frown with confusion then survey Suahni.
She is bravely defending her person against four droid-attackers.
I narrow my eyelids looking for exploding metal parts. One of her slices has sent the sizzling metal into my fighting spot. However Im not seeing any blasting pieces only shredded metal bits. My eyeballs catch Laufen destroying his three droid-attackers. All the smoking pieces lie literally at his naked feet. I swing and study Foxi. Shes too far from my position for one of her metal pieces to attack the rear of my left. Behind me, shaking my curls in confusion. I rotate in a slow cycle inside the Pit. Every Prime has engaged a droid-attacker except for me when I quickly remember my moms lecture the other night at suppertime. She specifically tattled to me that I would not get harmed. Noob, shaking my curls in annoyance. I exhale twirling around when another hot sizzling metal piece barely misses my collar bone. I snarl then survey the Pit. Someone is playing a nasty trick on me. I dont see any flying pieces of heated metal from the droid-attacker.
Three ugly geometric shapes fall onto the dirt burning and sizzling as I study the objects. I frown with confusion then scan the stadium looking for my mom. I see her. She has added a fun feature to the Tag without informing my dad.
I exhale with fury stretching the white ejon ray over the dirt flying in her direction when the object breaks my ejon ray. I stumble and roll into a ball for my collision with the hard dirt. I tumble and land upon my back muscles, seeing the pretty lighted sky of pinks, reds, and yellow streaks mixed with the white clouds and blue horizon. What the dack?
The object falls directly towards my face.
I roll to my side into a spin then lift my body vertical out of the way then hover viewing the madness inside the Pit. I duck sideways from another sky-falling heated object. The numerous objects of varied sizes and shapes are falling out of the sky onto the Pit, the droid-attackers, the stadium rooftop, the concrete walkway, and the semi-naked Prime candidates.
The audience is screaming and running from the stadium as more falling objects slam into the ground.
Voxi falls to the ground when Nimtarts leaps from the stadium bleachers. He pulls his bato spraying the ejon whiteness then disintegrates each object from his face. He reaches then stands over Voxi protecting her. She nurses a burnt red bloody arm.
Foxi sprays ejon then slices each object from her foot path then grabs Tarn. Out of the Pit, I dont think this is part of the Tag, she jerks him into her breasts. They run and leap over the sizzling objects embedded into the dirt. More objects fall from the sky landing and slamming into the numerous droid-attackers which act like a blanket of haven from the mysterious metal invasion.
Laufen studies the objects while maneuvering his naked feet around the fires and the metal then runs into Foxi. We three stumble then fall onto the dirt.
Foxi struggles then stands spraying her ejon whiteness as a shielding over us. I stand extending my arm seeing the red burn marks covering Laufens brown chest. A sizzling object penetrates the shielding slamming into my arm, sizzling the skin where touched. I jerk my arm popping the object into the air then it hits the ground. Foxi cuddles me when Laufen stands on his accord. Foxi hovers her ejon whiteness umbrella over us as we slowly walk towards the stadium.
A large sizzling heated object falls on Suahni as her monkey-like body drops from the fighting hover onto the dirt. The heat melts her outer skin and face as she screams in terror. She slices her bato at the object then stops moving and screaming. Dead.
Laufen leads us inside the stadium as Maries hugs both Foxi and me. She drops us underneath one of the tables as we watch the descending fiery streaks of pink, red, and yellow heated objects slam into the dirt, the walking concrete and the overhead rooftop making loud bongs and short pings.

Chapter 10
Intragalaxy

planet Mercian
hot. humid. sunny. no clouds. no rain.
Week 44. Day 1. Hours 7. Minutes 4. Dihe outpost one.
The rectangular room is painted in dull beige between an extremely large camtube on one wall. The other walls are bare without viewing windows. The camtube shows a black background with tiny white rounded objects scattered around the image. Single chairs line in rows both vertical and horizontally along the walls facing the camtube. About two feet in front of the camtube below the edge of the metal there is a small table with a single object, a glass box. The box holds a sliced ankle bone attacked to a naked foot. The foot is missing three of five toes. The foot is colored in tan. The toenails are colored in lavender.
Koosbay slaps collar bones and frowns at each young Prime. Settle down, every species and human Primes. Grab a seat anywhere. Womack will be starting the meeting soon then well learn about why were here at seven in the morning, leans into him. How ya feeling, Tarn? Hows the arm?
Whipped like a din-din cub, I rub my neck then my arm from the nasty burn yesterday inside the Pit. Healed but aching.
Zebra-like Ceffee leans into Tarns face, sweet breathing and smiling. You need my personal Touch, Tarn.
I fake a smile. Shore, Cuffee
Only if I can handle you afterwards, Ceffee. Foxi leans over Tarn then hisses at the pretty zebra-like Ceffee.
Ceffee slams her shoulders into the chair crossing her hoofs, pouts. Youre mean Foxi. Im being nice to a wounded warrior of Dihe.
Hes taken and token, blossom-girl, chuckles Nimtarts, bumping elbows with Ceffee.
I frown with annoyance. Zip it, Nimtarts.
Want me to handle you with my Touch too, Tarn, sniggers rat-like Moro, waving his sharp claws in the air.
I want to go kick some Viloyeah, grunts wolf-like Cherwell.
Hush, Primes, says Zeelee sitting between the Primes for the purpose of keeping them quiet and controlled.
Maries stands and clears her throat in front of the map, smoothing her vest, not smiling. Good morning, Dihe! Thank you for coming to this vitally urgent meeting. For the injured and attending Dihe warriors I extend my sincere appreciation for your sacrifice in yesterdays dangerous and deadly swift attack by the vile and vicious Vilo warriors and your continued support in coming out for our war meeting. You might have noted that weve invited first and second Primes, Masters and Mistresses from all the Dihe outposts, not the Primelings. The regular EDU center sessions will continue operating uninterrupted while we follow solving the mysterious Vilo warriors who attacked our Primes in the Pit
Furno stands and waves with a smile at Tarn. How ya feeling Tarn? I nod when Furno smiles and tosses his mitts. Great, hes up and moving along with the other wounded and wind tossed Primes from the Pit exhibition yesterday. I am here to acknowledge my daughters Voxi and Foxi and their fine brilliant Touch contributions to yesterdays victory against the controlled bots and weird falling fiery objects smashing over our heads under the structure
Sit down, Furno, Maries frowns with fury, smoothing her vest with annoyance.
Womack flips his hand, chuckling. Let him finish Maries.
The teenlings worked together protecting the wounded and saved the lives of Maries, me, and others sitting right here in this room, the best of Touchers of our time. Im so pleased and proud to announce Voxi and Foxi have earned their right to be a Dihe Mistress without enough voting, folks. Stand up my daughters, they stand and smiles, waving. Furno waves his mitts. Settle down, folks theres more. I want to personally thank and give special acknowledgement to Nimtarts. Nimtarts, stand up, bud. Nimtarts stands and hugs on Voxi, smiling. Today, Nimtarts is recognized for a dacking ton of guts, gravel, and grit in his short but victorious battle with the bots and fiery objects yesterday too. He saved lives, claps with the others.
Yo, bud. I nod and clap.
Furno smiles. Im thrilled beyond my limited vocabulary words to present the new Dihe Master into the tribe that comes with some awesome benefits, laughs and nods. Im kidding we dont got no nice benefits Nimtarts only pain and torture and suffering
Ginnite slaps his arm. Furno!
Furno laughs. Nimtarts has elected to endure more pain and torture
Daddy, Voxi frowns with annoyance.
Its a joke, son. Furno smiles. The real news blast, Nimtarts is going to be my new son-in-law. Donations are being solicited immediately for the great big wedding after this meeting. I accept all modes of shives or land properties or free merchandise, smiles and nods, extending his empty mitts for fun.
Daddy, Voxi turns red with embarrassment as Nimtarts hugs her.
Maries stands and smoothes her vest in front of the map, frowning with annoyance. We are wasting time. I will introduce Zcio. Zcio is both a Dihe Master and a member of the scientific community. As everyone knows the Apifo-species are the leaders in scientific technology and advancement within Intragalaxy. No clapping. Zcio, you have the attention of the audience.
Bee-like Zcio flies near the large screen then highlights his bato with an ejon beam around the white objects on the black screen. This is a black and white map of one-half of Intragalaxy. Space is black colored. The known and inhabited planets on our side of the map are white colored. The unknown planets and stars on the other side of the map are orange colored. The golden planet in the middle of the map is Koorskis. We have never ventured beyond Koorskis. There has never been any need or want or desire until present-day. I will start my lecture with the known planet of Koorskis. The planet of Koorskis is humid subtropical climate with long hot and humid summers or short mild winters. Rain throughout the year is nicely distributed for growing the famous golden beans throughout the year with a hovering air temperature of 72 degrees Fahrenheit. The white circle on the left side of Koorskis is the planet of Gesclide. Gesclide is the closest planet to Koorskis which is made of ice and snow from the low heated energy from our sun. As we know and learned from EDU center we have one sun that shines within Intragalaxy. The sun is closest to us here on Mercian for warmth and sunlight and growing crops for food and livestock for meats and clothing. However the sun shine is very limited output from one end of the galaxy to the extreme western side, if you please. Therefore most of the planets are actually planetoids or stars with a stationary dwarf star for both light and heat. The planet of Harrogate contains northern valley and southern peaks between the three flowing rivers leading directly into the ocean with sea beasts for food and sport. The mountain peaks offer vast tracts of wilderness with varied wildlife. The planet is dominated by farms, forests, rivers, mountains and lakes. A natural waterfall is the highest attraction on the planetoid in which each one of us has enjoyed with our family inside the nature park. Snow falls are heavily influenced by the air masses of cold dry mountains in the northwest keeping the air temperatures around five degrees Fahrenheit. The summertime is both cool and wet from frequent rain storms, snaps his fingers when the screen changes. This is the back yard of Koorskis, chuckles with the others. Zcio nods and smiles. Let me explain in greater detail. Currently, we do not scientifically explore beyond our back door for new planets, new stars or new nothings. Our current civilization starts here on planet Mercian and expands then stops at planet Koorskis, which is exactly in the middle of Intragalaxy. Why is the leading question inside your mind? I dont know that answer. The blazing neon orange circles are both representative of planets, planetoids, and stars where the Vilo might be camping or hiding. Yes, we have true evidence. I am pointing at the small table in front of the screen and the smaller box. The clear box is filled with poisonous air for me and you but it preserves the savaged foot. The single object inside the glass box holds a sliced ankle bone attacked to a naked foot. The foot is missing three of five toes. The foot is colored in tan which is due from the poisonous gas to preserve the limb. The skin tone of this dead and shredded being could be any color. However the remaining two toenails are colored in lavender, nods with the others. We have studied and learned that all the Vilo possess ejon like the Dihe except their ejon glow presents in pretty colors plus white. For some strange and unexplained reason the Dihe ejon is always glowing white on our fingernails and toenails of any species and humans. The Vilo was marked and distinguished eons ago wear more colorful nails, chuckles with the others. Therefore we have proof of one or two more existing Vilo
Maries frowns with annoyance. This is an entire society of Vilo.
Zcio nods to her. This is the purpose of our meeting and our exploration. The Dihe will explore, hunt and locate the remaining Vilo warriors living within Intragalaxy. The neon orange circles are the map for us to follow. I will turn the meeting over to Womack, our Dihe leader. Womack...
Womack stands then struts to the map, smiling and nodding. Yeah, Im leader. How many letters are in the Establishment alphabet? Twenty-six, we have labeled each orange circle with the following format from A1 to ZZZ26 starting with the closest star and working our way back towards the edge of Intragalaxy. Im assigning the entire Dihe family team unit for both protection and education a celestial object staring with in both alphabetic order of object A1 to Dihe Master Berwick and his biological family. I ranked the assignment based on the first name of the head of household for fun, chuckles with the others.
Maries stands and exhales shifting beside her husband. She fingers the white circles as Womack moves back into his chair beside Koosbay. Maries likes conducting all business transactions within the Dihe tribe for annoyance and bossiness. She smoothes her vest, saying. These planets, planetoids and stars are all protected by Establishment government and serviced by the Dihe. The orange circles are the cities of the Vilo which we know exist and reproduce and live and work and fight with others including us.
We are not warriors. Berwick frowns.
We are now. Furno smiles and nods.
Knell smirks then says. We do not know this to be true, Maries. You are extrapolating information based on a couple of dusty bannies inside a musky smelly cold hidden cave with a few stray rogue weak and old body party who may not be a Vilo warrior.
They are real. Thane nods and sneers.
Siryon nods and smiles. They are not really verified. We have contacted and explored every Dihe outpost within Intragalaxy for any more flying fiery objects since the Vilo does not exist.
They do so being imposters, posers, and pretenders of the Dihe tribe. They are among us as we meet and chat. They are located here on Mercian, says Maries.
Nimtarts chuckles and nods, holding Voxis hand, whispers. I enjoy watching mature dumblings spit and drool at each other.
Yachats laughs. Wheres the buttered popcorn?
Moro frowns at her. What is popped corn?
Yachats nods and smiles. An old Dihe expression from way back, before my birth.
Were chasing tails, another old fashioned Dihe expression. Moro sniggers.
You should know, mole-face another old flavored Dihe insult. Cherwell winks at Nimtarts, chuckling.
I think we got a tattle-tail and a mole-face. Geez, I dont think we should allow the children to play inside the saucer-ship for our next adventure trip, darling. Nimtarts winks at Voxi playing with her fingers.
Hush up, Nimtarts. Moro frowns with fury.
Dont wolves eat rats? Nimtarts winks at Cherwell, smiling.
Cherwell licks her hands then her lips. Delicious, doll! the other teenlings growl then laugh with her.
Knell nods and smirks. I agree with you. Furno is to be congratulated on this quick thinking action but the Vilo does not exist within Intragalaxy
Thane shakes her mane side to side. They do and my daughters are in danger. The young Primelings are in danger along with our teenlings too.
We are all in danger, the sissy voice echoes in the noisy room when all eyeballs twist to first Governor Yamhill. He stands with second Governor Repal inside the archway. Yamhill: ferret-like, Mustela species, white and tan fur, pink eyeballs, black mitts and feet with long fingernails and toenails, smelly musky body odor. He is eight feet tall, 380 pounds heavy.
His wife second governor Repal is expecting the second kit ruling with her husband. Their only daughter is not talented in Touch but the un-born kitten exhibits ejon talent by Touch-minding with her mom on a daily basis.
The ferret-like species is very curious and likes to investigate everything including the socially isolated Dihe tribe living on Mercian in their private outpost. They are very social with cats, lions and other species but tend to reactive violently around birds, rats and snakes. The Mustela species are susceptible to the harsh and enclosed artificial dust and particles inside buildings making it hard for them to breathe. To combat the sniffles and sneezes, Yamhill constantly wears a flower attached to his suite inhaling the sweet odor and natural enzymes to clean his crusted eyes and green nasal discharge. They also possess poor teeth requiring good dental care battling constant cavities and excessive green plaque between the gums and bones due to the craving huge amounts mower steaks in their fast metabolism.
Nimtarts rattles the loose shives hidden inside his vest tinkling the sound inside the quiet room.
Yamhill grits his green tartar built-up sharp teeth nipping the air for comfort from the disturbing noise to his sensitive ear holes.
Nimtarts chuckles when Voxi pops his kneecap. He chuckles then pecks her cheekbone then grins with mischief.
Maries smiles extending her hands to greet Yamhill then Repal. We are so honored with all of your presence. Please enter, Governors.
Yeah now, probe myyeah, Furno frowns with frustration.
Hush, Furno. Ginnita pops his kneecap when he lands both mitts on her arm, chuckling.
Yamhill grits his teeth for a nice friendly grin. Thank you, High Dihe Mistress Maries. Is this your official command center, Maries?
Maries smiles and nods. This is a simple place inside the EDU center for discussing interior ideas and solving internal problems. However we are under an extreme emergency at the moment so this is classified as the Dihe command center. Correct, Womack?
As you say, Maries. Womack studies Maries then Yamhill.
Yamhill smiles and nods. Please forgive our straightforwardness, Maries but there were no guards posted. I assumed this was an outpost similar to the general format of a fortress, home of the Dihe tribe living on Mercian.
Furno says and chuckles. We defend a fortress. Can we move to a nice place like Koorskis, Ginnita?
Ginnita eye rolls then slaps his kneecap. Hush, Furno.
Yamhill sits in the offered chair near the clear box then frowns at the sliced human foot. He smiles at Maries and nods. Weve received the official final report from your Dihe scout teams scattered around the Establishment worlds throughout Intragalaxy. We are sorry to hear that dust bannies are not settled once and for all with the Vilo pretenders. This is indeed terrible news for all of Intragalaxy, Mistress Maries.
Fascinating, I didnt realize were so good. Did you know Womack? Koosbay leans and chuckles into Womack.
My Touch-clarify must be malfunctioning Koos? Womack chuckles.
Mine as well. Zeelee slides in an empty chair beside Womack.
Yamhill waves his mitt, smiling and nodding. We have gleamed all the official reports from every senator within Intragalaxy with the same precise conclusion. There is an invasion of the nasty posers called the Vilo warriors. Every planet, planetoid and star system is on alert and ready for the Dihe tribe to interfere
We are not warriors, Berwick frowns.
We are warriors now. Furno nods.
Every senator from every planet is standing by the camtube for your interference. The long lists includes bird-like first Senator Grossete; bee-like first Senator Qunlan from planet Purpat; wolf-like first Senator Orofin and second Senator Farara from planet Garon; monkey-like first Senator Farara and second Senator Caltang; elephant-like first Senator Torbay and second Senator Nehalam; octopus-like first Senator Typhus from planet Detz...
Everyone knows what stick-bird big mouth Grossete looks like. Why does Yamhill bother to include the formal titles with the silly physical descriptions? Furno frowns with confusion.
Hush, Furno. Ginnita slaps his kneecap.
Rat-like first Senator Bitonto and second Senator Acirelae of Gesclide; zebra-like first Senator Viterbo and second Senator Tauke; and from planet Koorskis, the home of the golden beer. First senator Booskia graciously delivers for my dinner on time. Looks to me like your search will be short and sweet. Yamhill smiles and nods. What is this map?
Maries nods and smiles. This is a map of Intragalaxy with the white circles of occupied Establishment territories and orange circles represent the Vilo hot spots, giggles. Therefore our search will be longer. We need to explode all the orange dots
Yamhill drops my mouth exposing his fangs. My universe, we need to send this to all the senators throughout Intragalaxy. The word Dihe does mean to defend and protect and ward off evil things and humans and species. Where are Dihe warriors located throughout this map? Where are the Vilo solders located on the map? I need to update the populous
Maries frowns. I wish we could answer that inquire, sir. We cant locate them.
Repal views him. Womack, youre the strongest Dihe of the tribe.
Womack sours. Cant locate em.
Repal frowns with word, asking. Mistress Maries? Maries shakes her curls. Repal smiles and nods like a good politician. You seem to have this non-event situation under control, High Dihe Mistress Maries, stands and holds hands with her husband.
Yamhill stands and says. My sentiments exactly, High Dihe Mistress Maries.
Maries smiles and claps softly. Yes, we do now with your wonderful contributions of the final official Establishment reports, first Governor Yamhill and second Governor Repal. We can continue with normal Dihe daily operations instead of wasting precious time running around Intragalaxy.
Yamhill pads to the doorway holding his wife, saying. Please come by for dinner tonight around 20-hours, Maries. You can inform us about your progression of eliminating all the vicious Vilo soldiers, Repal smiles and rubs her expanding abdomen carrying her newborn kitten.
It will be my pleasure to dine with yall, tonight. Maries smiles and smoothes her vest as they exit the room. Maries smoothes her vest turning towards the Dihe, nods with a frown, sour her words. Using the Intragalaxy map we will locate then eliminate all the inhabited territories of the vile and vicious Vilo living in uncharted space then we alone will exist within Intragalaxy...
What uncharted space, Maries? Furno slightly smirks then chuckles when his wife slaps his kneecap.
What vile and vicious Vilo, Maries? Womack frowns with confusion. Maries might be the suave diplomat but hes the smooth warrior, especially with this new non-dangerous mission and unexpected outcomes of his wife which might affect the entire Dihe tribe throughout Intragalaxy.
Maries smoothes her vest, not smiling. On the map there are numerous unknown and uncharted locations
Oxbow fingers the camtube, smiling and nodding. I wanna go to Planet X, Maries. The cambeam from the camtube shows an expanding light echo. I have never seen an expanding light echo. Whats an expanding light echo, Zcio?
Knell nods and smirks. Maries, I believe this little exercise to be a complete waste of my time and Dihe time regarding first Governor Yamhills command ordering us to explore Intragalaxy for any additional rouge Vilo which do not exist.
I agree with Maries. There are unknown and uncharted and unnamed hot spots of vile and vicious Vilo warriors who need to go leaving us alone within Intragalaxy. Thane nods and smiles.
I agree with my husband that there are rogue Vilo here within Intragalaxy, Maries. Knell nods and smirks disagreeing to disagreeing for terror and tickles.
I dont agree regarding anything with Yamhill, Cullom nods and smiles.
Porrett nods and smiles. We send out scout patrols now paired with first and second Primes and their respective master and mistress. That would be the safest and prudent flying course for exploding the uncharted and unknown planets, planetoids and stars. We go as a family unit for learning and knowledge, nods and pats her husbands arm.
I do love heroic brave voluntarily feats of stupidity. Furno crossed his arms, smiling and chuckling when his wife slaps his kneecap.
Zip it, furball. Oxbow chuckles.
Im not going just so you know Maries. Thane frowns, I feel that the other Dihe are more qualified to explore the uncharted space while I take care of my two daughters. I am after all a single mother, nods and smiles.
Zcio says. How many Dihe wants to go exploring un-charted and un-named planetoids? Every hand, limb, paw, mitt, and appendage raise up in the air for a visual counting, chuckles with the others as limbs shoot into the air.
Maries exhales then smoothes her vest. Attention, please may I have your attention. I can see that the dreadful executive decision falls to me once again. We will send out a family scout teams to each planet, planetoid, and star
Furno laughs and nods. Lucky, toars.
Berwick views his camtube, smiling. Planet YY25 is a biting icy gas of concentrated thermonuclear fusion. We want to go there first
Oxbow nods. Thats called a protostar for you astronomically challenged Primes so buy new radiation pressures suits.
Berwick winks at his children when they stand and dance, shouting with cheers. Cherwell turns to Nimtarts who doesnt have a family that travels as Dihe. Im going to see a protostar...
Lucky, noob, Nimtarts frowns with annoyance.
Monkey-like Idanha fingers her camtube. Planet ZZ13 is a world with a revolving perihelion comet. I will love to see a beautiful comet up close and personal
Buy new sun visors, chuckles Oxbow.
Siryon nods and smiles. I wanna go here. Planet P is a small substar dwarf composed of looming rain dusts of brown hydrogen.
Oxbow nods and chuckles. Ill bring a couple of rain coats.
Planet R is a cold quasar. Its actually registered as an asteroid with no heat or light source. Zeelee and I will take Nimtarts along with us for our fight and might, winks Koosbay at the young Dihe Master. Nimtarts smiles and fist bumps with Tarn going on his first official Dihe mission as a fully earned Dihe Master. Koosbay smiles then gently rubs Zeelees growing belly with their daughter.
Brrrr! Oxbow laughs.
Swap with me, Koos. Furno winks at him.
Naw. Koosbay laughs.
Furno views her wife, chuckling. Sorry dear, I tried. You heard the stubborn and selfish toar, when Ginnita slaps his arm with a distorted frown.
Lion-like Teeger yells. Planet A is really a cluster of planets in the Kritar star system which we have known for centuries to be the Dratux home world. The populous has been dead going on about 29,000 years now. To completely close and end the rumors of any single rogue Vilo warrior running about and having some vicious fun I volunteer to scout the Planet A. Ill take Quimper with me. Right, Quimper, when the second Prime nods and smiles.
Knell frowns with annoyance. Who wants to waste their precious Dihe time out there among the shiny stars and unoccupied planetoids Maries when the Vilo are running fancy feet loose and free within Intragalaxy? Womack frowns at Knell. The rat-like species thrives on rumors, gossip and disagreements. Knell smiles at them. Porrett and Berwick, did you mind wasting your precious Dihe time too?
As long as my wolf tail isnt involved, I dont mind. Porrett chuckles.
No body parts are involved, I promise, Womack nods and smiles.
Oxbow stands and moves towards the map. Lets place each Dihe family unit above each planet, planetoid or star that has been called so far, seeing whats left and whos need a hot spot of to fight vile and vicious Vilo, chuckles. He presses a button marking the white wall with the black and orange circles like a piece of art work which will be permanent upon the wall until re-repaired. He uses his bato then writes each master or mistress name over the uncharted territories shouted within his ejon mind.
Maries exhales and smoothes her vest. This method is most unusually but I will accept it. Therefore each family unit will continue to find a favored hot spot or two until each circle is assigned for search. Our time requires immediately attention to the current matter and then coming back here to the Mercian outpost for finishing our Dihe duty tracking down the Vilo
if they really exist within Intragalaxy, Maries, frowns Knell.
Were following Yamhills order, Dihe Mistress Knell. Thane nods and smiles.
Furno frowns. We dont follow any ones orders or commands or directions or instructions...
We follow any and all orders from Maries, Thane nods and smiles at Maries.
Maries shuffles out of the way from the wall map, exhaling then scoots towards the door. She shouts. Im fetching some beverages for our final discussion before accessing the spinners. I will return shortly
Womack slaps the arm of Koosbay nodding and smiling then stands. He marches behind Maries then around the corner. Maries!?
I dash from the door stopping in front of my parents. Dad!? I smile and nod.
Womack studies his son. Why so studious, Tarn?
Maries smiles at her son. Which planets did you select, sweetheart?
I read the camtube, nodding. By the time I reached Oxbow there were only three hot spots left labeled as ZZZ24, ZZZ25 and ZZZ26. Theyre the located on the extreme end of Intragalaxy. No one wants to travel there. I have found that ZZZ26 has a tiny bit of information on my campad. Its labeled as Chamme with a partial horizon showing scattered bits of hot and heated two dwarf stars.
Womack closes his eyelids, nodding and accessing his Touch. The Touch tells me so.
I smile and nod. Dad, can I go with you too?
I welcome your company, Womack opens his eyelids then smiles at Tarn.
I smile with glee. Really, I can join in the hunt for the vile and vicious Vilo savages. Thats wane. Butbut what about my watcher duty tomorrow? Ya know I have a couple more days with the dumblings...
Maries frowns at her son. Tarn, I have politely asked you not to reference that ugly phrase towards the young Primelings. Your watcher duty will be delayed until you return from exploding Chamme.
Dad!? Dad, help me please, I beg for a handout, I frown at Womack.
Womack views Maries. Tarn, always obey your mom, when I nod and smile at my mom.
She smiles and hugs me. Take care much, Tarn sweetheart. I love you. Stay close to Womack for your precious protection and safe return to your home of Mercian. I nod.
Womack smiles, slapping Tarn on the collar bone. Go and get the spinner ready for launch before the space lanes get crowded with the slow pilots. Well be the first to blast out off of Mercian leading the fight, chuckles and nods.
I nod and smile. Shore, Dad, exits the room.
Maries watches her son exit the hallway when Womack views the archway, not seeing any advancing Dihe. He views Maries. Since the discovery of dust particles composed of the newly dead Vilo inside the Noti cave plus the live action Touch fighting inside the Pit yesterday of the falling object, where one reveals a human foot, you have been mean, rude and harsh to her loved ones, Maries. I do not understand. The curt news, our combined knowledge of Vilo society, and the future exploration of the uncharted space territories should not have received with a stunned, surprised or sour response
Maries smoothes her vest, smiling and nodding. I am surprised.
Womack leans into her lips. I dont understand your actions.
Maries smoothes her vest, smiling. I am stunned.
Womack frowns with confusion. I still dont understand you
She eye rolls then frowns at him. You couldnt possibly understand my emotions or feelings of the exposed events for the past two days even if you used the Touch
Womack sneers in her cheekbone. I understand that you are the only Vilo warrior left in Intragalaxy, swings from her then exits the room.



Intragalaxy, q + t = pieis the second outer space soap opera e-novel.




Intragalaxy translations for Earthlings.
Planets:
Chamme: eastern planet, one moon, and two dwarf stars 
Detz, western planet, cold sea home of the octopus-like species
Fwtang: eastern planetoid and four moons and one dwarf star, home of Princess Teton 
Garon: western planet, cool and humid home of the wolf-like species
Gesclide: western planet, ice and cold home of the rat-like species
Harrogate: western planet, warm and dry home of the zebra-like species
Koorskis: planet in the middle of Intragalaxy, mild and mellow home of the golden beer and humans
Lavan: smallest stationary moon and closest to the eastern edge of the galaxy, home of Aubie and Duce
Mercian: western planet, one moon and closest to the sun, hot and humid home of Dihe headquarters
Purpat, western planet, hot and humid home of the bee-like species 
The Pit: Dihe arena of competition fighting
Thurrock: western planet, warm and wet home of the sliders

Characters:
Apifo, bee-like species, four inches short, yellow skin
Aviion, bird-like species, eight inches short, curly dark red hair
BUDI driver: person operates a Body Uniform Defense Implacement robot
Canini, wolf-like species, six feet tall, brown fur, sharp fangs 
Dihe Master: male Dihe adult
Dihe Mistress: female Dihe adult
Dihe: supernatural being with white colored ejon on finger nails and toe nails
Feliux, cat-species, six feet tall, ebony skin and colored markings, a long tail
First Prime: female or male Dihe teenager
High Dihe Master: male Dihe leader
High Dihe Mistress: female Dihe leader
Mustela, ferret-like species, white and tan fur, eight feet tall, smelly musky body odor
Noti: an isolated human clan of ejon Touchers living on Mercian
Pacderdom, elephant-like species, white curly hair and red tusk
Primeling: female or male Dihe toddler
Rogentila, rat-like species, four feet tall with purple skin and pink welts of poison
Second Prime: female or male Dihe youngster
Singa, monkey-like species, seven feet tall, no tail, orange fur
Theria, zebra-like species, mane and tail, four hoofs, green hair, crooked kneecaps
Toucher: person holds the Touch of ejon on finger nails and toe nails
Vilo: mysterious and unknown supernatural beings with colored ejon (purple, blue, green, etc) on finger nails and toes nails

Phrases:
bato: weapon and tool of the Dihe tribe
best blossom: best friend of girl or girlfriend to a male
best bud: bestest friend of boy or boyfriend to a female
blossom: friend of girl
bud: friend of boy
BUDI: robot shaped like a human without skull and shoulders and chest
cambeam: transmission of an image or data from a camtube or cammic
cammic: telephone
campad: computer
camtube: television
choker: hot dog
cockshuts: quail
coturn: pig
cruncher: chocolate candy bar
dack: darn
doofur: dork
doughies: donuts
dust bannies: dust bunnies
echino: star fish
ejon: glowing fingernails and toenails of Dihe and Vilo
fisser: soda
hof: house
jo-jo doll: toy doll of female toddler 
lumpie: potato chips
mower: cow
mu-mu chick: wingless song birds
noob: fool
Noot: need to ejon it
pacer: flies over land
rover: rovers on land
scooter: underwater body boat
shives: money
slider: snake
spinner: outer space ship traveling from planet to planet
Tag: Dihe physical and mental test of current Prime rank
toar: toad
Touch: supernatural power of ejon with glowing fingernails and toenails
trawler: worms
wane: cool
