

Coin of the Realm
Part I


by

R.G. Harrison


 2014 Russell Gene Harrison

Smashwords Edition






Smashwords Edition License Notes 

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS


For my wife and her unflagging support, her boundless love.
table of contents

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-One
Chapter Thirty-Two
Chapter Thirty-Three
Chapter Thirty-Four
Chapter Thirty-Five
Chapter Thirty-Six
Chapter Thirty-Seven
Chapter Thirty-Eight
Chapter Thirty-Nine
Chapter Forty
Chapter Forty-One
Chapter Forty-Two
Chapter Forty-Three


About the Author
Sneak Preview: Coin of the Realm Part II
CHAPTER ONE


Justin pulled out his phone and checked the time. Should be getting up in ten minutes or so, he thought, then looked over the breakfast spread in front of him, which hed whipped up as quietly as he could over the past forty-five minutes. I can wait, he told himself, directing the thought particularly to his restive stomach. To distract himself, he opened an ebook app and flicked to his latest read.
Sir Marcus stood before the crowd of war-weary knights, squires, and militia. The stink of battle lay heavily on the air of the Great Hall, and in the distance, he could hear the faint cries of a baby whom nobody seemed to be attending. He briefly wondered whether there was someone who could care for the child  what the future held for such a creature, orphaned by the madness of those who would dominate others by force of will, or by the blade.
He shook his head, clearing it of these thoughts: there was work to be done. The childs destiny was not in his power. But something far more important was . . .
The Kings Minister cleared his throat and repeated the question that Sir Marcus had been waiting to answer for nearly a decade.
Do you, Sir Marcus, surrender your title and lands to the King, and solemnly vow to end the unwarranted dispute that has torn our peaceful kingdom asunder for nigh these eight years?
Sir Marcus bowed his head slightly and dropped his shoulders. One hand rested casually on the hilt of his grandfathers long throwing knife, the other on the hip opposite. He raised his eyes and took in the hateful gaze of the bloody tyrant, who was scarcely more than a jumble of bones and toughened gristle in a heap of decadent mink, and who had caused his people untold suffering for as long as Sir Marcus could remember.
Drawing a deep breath, Sir Marcus boomed, I do . . . not! and flicked the throwing knife out of its sheath and straight at the old devils heart as 
Morning, Justin . . . oh, did you do all this for me?
Justins mother had turned the corner into their kitchen, where Justin sat at the small, scuffed table with his phone propped up beside his plateful of breakfast. Orange juice, huevos rancheros, fresh coffee, and flaky biscuits were crowded into the remaining space, leaving just enough room for his mother to sit and eat.
Justin started and fumbled with his phone, turning off the display. Erm, yeah. Morning, Mom! He got up and began pouring coffee into her Worlds #1 Mom mug. Its to, yknow, celebrate. Your promotion.
His mother beamed at him, and he saw a glimmering crescent of tears begin to gather in her eyes. Thank you! Come here, babe, she said, and he moved around the table to hug her. She pecked him on the cheek, then they sat down to eat together.
Justin looked at her closely. It had been a long struggle for them both since his father had left them, and only after years of terrible shifts and scraping by on child support and food stamps, along with some cleaning service work on the weekend, had she finally been invited to apply for a managerial position. Two weeks later, she was hired at three times her previous pay, plus full benefits. Today was the first normal, 9-to-5 day Justin could remember her ever working.
She noticed his scrutiny as she dug into the eggs and said, between mouthfuls, Did I grow an extra eye or something?
What? Nuh-uh.
Then what gives?
Just . . . just thinking about everything.
Everything? She raised one eyebrow.
Justin shrugged. Your jobs, my job, what led us to this.
She reached over and patted his hand. Its been hard.
Yeah.
But things are never gonna be the same again. Theyll be a zillion times better! she laughed.
Justin felt something like a dam give way inside him at the sound of her laugh, and relief flooded his body. Its real, he thought. This is really happening. He blew out a great breath he didnt know hed been holding.
Whatcha reading? His mother pointed her fork at his phone.
Uh, nothing. Texts from the guys.
Its Rebels Blade, isnt it?
Howd you 
She chuckled. Hon, I saw you reading the publishers summary the other day. Thats a good one. The demon princess was a big surprise, though, she added.
Mom!
Oops, not a surprise anymore, I guess! She cackled then, and Justin had to smile. Hed grown up on a steady diet of fantasy, mostly titles his mother passed along to him, things she read during the long stretches on graveyard shifts when nothing happened at work. But when he started football in high school, hed grown secretive about this passion; the other guys liked the Lord of the Rings films well enough, but they scorned fantasy books as something only Math Club members were really interested in. And some football players went out of their way to ridicule the Club during lunch and study hall, when they invariably took out some kind of game with maps and dice and all sorts of rulebooks. Justin thought the game looked interesting, but hed never let the other guys know that.
A muffled song started playing in her purse. Oh, sugar! she said as she scrambled to turn it off. I need to run. Late the first day, imagine how that would look?
Here, Justin said, jumping up to open the fridge. I packed your lunch too. He held out a paper sack for her.
His mother gaped at him, then hurriedly stood and gave him another kiss on the cheek. A girl could get used to this kind of treatment!
As she gathered her things and headed for the front door, Justin called, Uh, I was invited to hang out with John S and the guys tonight?
He heard the front door stop midway. Huh, I see your clever plan now, mister. Butter me up, why dontcha?
Justin cleared his throat. No, Mom, I 
She cackled again. Its okay, honey. But its a Thursday night, and you have a game tomorrow, so dont stay out too late. She paused. John S, the big star, huh . . . You need gas money? He lives way out in Foxmeadow or Glencross, one of those fancy developments, right?
Uh, yeah, Justin said. I mean, no. I dont need gas money. But yeah, hes out a bit from the city.
Mmm, his mother hummed approvingly. Moving up in the social world, are we? Dont worry, honey. With my new job and all, you and John S might be neighbors some day. No more embarrassing rathole apartments you cant invite your friends to!
Justin flushed. Mom, Id never 
Shh, shh. Its okay, sweetie. I know how hard its been on you, living the way we have. His mother looked at him with a small, gentle smile and sad eyes. But like I said, everythings going to change for the better now. Just have to keep looking to tomorrow.
Justin swallowed and nodded. It had been hard trying to fit into the suburban school, especially transferring in as a junior, when he was one of the few kids who lived in an apartment complex in a working-class neighborhood. And though hed tried not to let his personal difficulties slide onto his mothers plate, which was overfull just keeping a roof above their heads, he saw now that shed been chewing them over anyway.
Her phone alarm blatted and she scrambled to silence it. Jeez Louise, gotta go! Have fun tonight, but remember, tomorrows the big game! Mwah! She blew him an air kiss as she vanished through the kitchen door.
Justin sat for a moment, letting everything swirl around in his head  his mothers job, John Ss invitation, the game the next night, visions of a house of their own  then shoveled down as much breakfast as he could in the five minutes he had left and did a little dance around the kitchen as he cleared the table, scooping the rest of the food into a couple of Tupperware containers for his lunch.
He passed the school day in a haze of anticipation. This was the first time hed been invited to John Ss Rec Room, the holiest of holies, where only the most popular football players set foot, those in John Ss inner circle. They orbited their star quarterback like mighty planets themselves, and though Justin was a good player and longed to be included in this elite group, he hadnt thought it would ever happen, or if it did, not nearly so soon.
After school, he went to his fast food job and slogged through a three-hour shift, swinging through a range of emotions from nervousness to eagerness over the storied delights of John Ss Rec Room.
The sun had already faded from the sky by the time he pulled into John Ss suburban neighborhood, marveling at the palatial houses with their rolling expanses of well-tended lawns and flower beds. He took a moment before ringing the doorbell to drink in the smell of wet grass and the quiet chirping of unseen birds settling in for the night. Where he and his mother lived, the strongest smells came from the sour dumpster by the parking lot, and the most common sound was either muffled shouting from adjoining apartments or distant police sirens.
Someday soon . . . he thought as he rang the bell and was let in by a smiling Mrs. Sterling. Down the hall, to the right, dear. Theyre waiting for you, she said, then returned to a gigantic, white leather armchair in the living room, where she and Mr. Sterling were reading.
Justin thanked her and found the carpeted stairs down.
Hey hey! The man arrives at last! John S cried from the expansive sofa set where he sat, surrounded by an array of remote controls and cupholders filled with various glasses and cans. Keith slouched at one end, a hulking man-mountain glued to his phone (though he waved cheerily as Justin came down) and Nils spread out at the other. Brody, John P, and Brad were playing pool, and they hooted after John S spoke.
Sorry Im late  couldnt get out of work today, Justin said, taking in the grandeur of the Rec Room. One wall was obscured by an entertainment set crammed with speakers, subwoofers, game consoles, and other devices Justin didnt recognize, all bordering the largest TV hed seen in his life. If that were a door, I could drive my car through it, he thought as he looked around at the pool table, the foosball table, the ping-pong table folded up against one wall, the brass-trimmed bar, posters of rock bands and football stars, and the plush carpet and soft LED lighting that framed the whole scene.
Come on over, man. Welcome to paradise. John S flipped up a seat cushion to reveal a cooler from which he produced a Coke can. He tossed it to Justin as Justin sat down, then flashed a wide, winning smile.
What you think? Pretty sweet, right?
Justin drank and said, Yeah. Its . . . amazing. Its about as big as our whole apartment, he thought.
Well, gents, now that our guest of honor has arrived, we can let the main entertainment commence, John S said, then frowned as the pool players laughed over something. Guys! Were watching now! he said with a sudden edge. Get over here!
The others hurriedly racked their cues and filled in the empty spots on the sofa set. John S played with a couple of remotes and the TV blazed to life.
Four K, whaddaya say? John S chortled. The others murmured appreciatively. Had to work on my parents for a whole month before they agreed to it. And now, John S Theater presents a very special edition of everyones favorite fantasy epic, War of Kings!
He tapped a remote and the room lights dimmed, then he punched a button on another remote and the screen filled with the opening credits of the popular cable show, which Justin had never seen  they couldnt afford cable  but had heard much about. The players quieted and Justin glanced around at them, mildly surprised that theyd be interested in the fantasy.
Soon enough, he discovered why: it was full of buxom, half-dressed women, and lots of blustery boasting and snappy one-liners followed by extended battle scenes. The guys hooted and laughed whenever it got really bloody, which was fine by Justin  what was a good fantasy without a little blood?  but after the first fight ended, the screen blipped and the episode seemed to glitch, starting over at the beginning of the fight.
Nobody but Justin seemed to notice this, however. Apart from Keith, who had been patiently texting with his sausage-fingers the whole time, never once even glancing at the screen, the guys cheered with undiminished gusto as they watched the same battle. Justin quickly grew bored, however, instead wanting to see what happened next in the story, but he didnt want to threaten his new status in John Ss inner circle by asking him to fast-forward when everyone else so obviously enjoyed watching the sequence through again.
When the battle reset a second time, however, Justin had to say something. Er, is it stuck or something? he asked.
John S grinned at him. He thinks its stuck, he said, and the others laughed.
Justin felt his face flush a bit. Its not?
This episode aired last night. I copied the battle scenes over three times so thered be more of them. That way, you get to see the good stuff again right away!
Justin regarded John S for a moment; there was a gleam in his eyes that seemed to go beyond mere delight, but Justin couldnt figure out what it meant.
So, John S pressed. Cool, right?
Uh, yeah, Justin replied after a moments hesitation. He turned back to the TV and tried to ignore his growing unease. He could feel John S look over at him from time to time, but he pretended that he was absorbed in the show.
However, after the second iteration of the third battle, in which John S had recorded a beheading ten times over, Justin had to find a distraction. The room had gone quiet by then: it was too much even for the others, apparently, but nobody seemed willing to say anything.
A little too loudly, Justin said, John. Everyone looked at him as the show raged on. You  uh  you said you wanted my help with something.
John S sniggered. Right! Right. Well, he said, swiveling on the couch to face Justin directly. You know how those Math Club losers play their freakshow game during lunch, right?
Justin nodded. He always ate lunch with his teammates  Coach Simmons said it would build their cohesiveness on the field  and some of them would frequently walk by the Math Clubs chosen spot in the cafeteria to make insulting comments. Only one of the Math Club members, Matthias, ever talked back. Justin had watched their exchanges with a twisting mix of emotions the whole time, but had never said anything about the harassment; he loved football and didnt want to screw things up with the team for the sake of a bunch of relative strangers.
Well, tomorrow weve got something planned for them. Had enough of that kid Matthiass lip, you know? John S glanced sharply around at the others.
Er, sure, Justin said.
John S continued, looking back at Justin with an even smile. But we need someone to distract him to get this to work. Then after, well be able to lure him out to the parking lot.
A cold feeling began to creep up Justins spine. Distract? Lure? He glanced at the others, who were all grinning except for Keith. Hed stopped texting and was looking up skeptically at John S.
And then  BAM! John S, smacking his fist into an armrest with a resounding thump. Were gonna tear him a new one!
CHAPTER TWO


Justin looked around at the others, who were smiling and nodding. Wait, he said to John S. You  youre going to beat Matthias up? Why?
John S shrugged. Cause hes a weirdo. And hes the leader of their little club, so it sends a message to all the other weirdos.
Nils added, Yeah: dont be so weird, and they all laughed.
A feeling of horror now filled Justin. He was being asked to set Matthias up simply for . . . nothing, as far as Justin could tell. For playing a fantasy game at lunch. For reading the same kinds of books I like, probably. He suppressed a shudder.
But, but what about the playoffs? What if you get suspended for this? Justin blurted.
John S waggled a hand at Justin. Something in his features had shifted; his smile was too sharp, his eyes too keen. Aint gonna happen, cause once you distract him, well get his notebook, and he wont breathe a word to anyone about any of it.
Matthiass notebook. Justin knew it from the times hed walked by with the guys, trying to get as close a look at the Math Clubs stuff as he could while simultaneously hiding his interest from his teammates. Matthias kept it open behind some kind of board screen, and it seemed to be filled with diagrams and notes, sketches, floorplans, charts, and bits of dialogue. Matthias had clearly been working on it for a very long time. Justin fell silent, lost in the surge of uneasiness that had welled up in him.
Its like his personal bible. And its our little bit of security, John S was saying. Well tell him hell get it back after graduation, if he behaves in the meantime. And quit doing all that weird crap at lunch. Turns my stomach. The others laughed.
Man, yall messed up, Keith rumbled. Why you wanna go and do something like that? He stared evenly at John S over his glasses.
Keith the peacemaker, Mr. Live and Let Live! John S sneered. Sometimes you have to act to preserve your place in the world! K, you gotta realize, man, its just what you do. No big deal.
Keith snorted.
But youre not going to tell anyone, are you, K? Wed be suspended from the playoff game tomorrow night. You wouldnt do that to the team, right? John S continued, staring at Keith with a slight smile.
After a moment, Keith dropped his gaze back to his phone. Just sayin, its messed up. Not my business one way or another, though. I aint gonna be there.
And you, Justin? John S said suddenly. Youre not going to ruin a good thing, are you? I mean, I wouldnt feel comfortable having someone over here I knew I couldnt trust. John S gestured around at the Rec Room, at the other players. The lights of a battle on TV danced redly in his eyes.
Justins head was spinning. Preserve your place in the world? Thats just . . . weird. And Matthias doesnt threaten that for John S anyway . . . what the heck is wrong with John S? He glanced at the others, who all watched him intently, then at the plush trappings of the Rec Room. Even if he did tell anyone, his teammates would simply deny it. In all likelihood, nothing would happen  John Ss parents were wealthy and influential, the biggest boosters of the football team and generous donors for all kinds of other school activities. All that might come of his telling would be expulsion from John Ss inner circle, from the Rec Room. Hed be on his own at school; the Math Club certainly wouldnt accept him after his part against Matthias.
Uh, no, Justin said, swallowing hard. Im cool, John.
John S smiled wide. I knew we could count on you. So youll help us out, right?
Justin could only nod. John S thumped him on the shoulder and turned back to the TV. Great. Just be ready at lunch tomorrow. Well let you know what to do then.
Justin tried to catch Keiths eye the rest of the night, but Keith remained fixated on his phone as usual. The others seemed totally relaxed, joking around with Justin about the show and fist-bumping him warmly when it was time for him to go; he had to leave earlier than the others because of the drive home, while everyone else lived within walking distance of John Ss house.
At the front door, John S said, Remember, now, you get your teammates backs, and well get yours.
Justin nodded, too full of a roiling mix of contrary emotions to focus. He just wanted to leave as quickly as possible.
See you at the game tomorrow, John S said, then flashed a predatory grin. Be sure and rest up so you can handle Buttonhook 32.
Uh, yeah. No problem, Justin said vaguely. John S gave him a slightly cold look and shut the door.
As he walked slowly over to his car, Justin tried to grapple with everything that had happened during the roller coaster of an evening. He was surprised to see that only a few hours had passed. First the show, then the notebook plan, then the . . . threat? And what was that about Buttonhook 32? Hed always struggled with that play, and the team had largely avoided it because of his mixed success with it. Is John S trying to psych me out or something? Why would he do that?
Lost in a swirl of confused thoughts, Justin had to slam on the brakes at the last second to avoid hitting someone on the road out of the subdivision.
He cursed and set the hand brake, his heart hammering at a million beats per second. Right in front of his bumper stood a gaunt, pale kid, a few years younger than Justin. Justin couldnt tell whether it was a he or a she; the face had fine, sharp features set in a watchful expression at the edge of which lurked something darker . . . worry? Fear? Gray bags gathered under the eyes and the ears came to very slight points at the top. The skin was grimy, the clothing too tight and torn.
The kid wrung his  her?  hands together and ran them through her tangled mass of hair, then stumbled over and leaned on Justins window. Startled, Justin lowered it.
Hey, sorry about that  are you okay? I didnt hit you, did I? he asked the kid.
I need help, the kid said, blinking at Justin. I need a hero.
Justin started. Is this person on drugs? He glanced in his mirrors; the quiet night street was completely empty. 
You look strong, the kid continued, appraising Justin. You want to be a hero, dont you? The kids eyebrows raised slowly in a knowing way. You can help me.
I  what is it you want? Justin asked.
Ive been forced out of my home, the kid said. Invaders. Barbarians. Im a great king, you see. An overking! the kid finished with a faint quirk of a smile, spreading her  his?  arms wide and throwing his head back.
Justin looked at the bedraggled figure in its pose of majesty. Youre not right, he said. Are you on something? I cant help you. You need to get to a clinic. Check yourself in.
He was about to put the car in gear when the kid said, Justin, youve always longed to be a hero.
Justin stopped and looked back at the kid. How did you 
Ever since you first read Little Red Riding-Hood, youve wanted to be the hunter.
An electric wave shot through Justins body. He felt slightly sick, but more thrilled, somehow. It was true: hed read the original French version of the fairy tale when he was young, and the figure of the hunter, strong, experienced, and utterly sure, had called to him. He wanted to be that person: the one who knew what to do, and had the power to do it.
You couldnt be the hunter when your parents divorced.
Hey! Thats 
But you can now.
Justins head swam. How does he know these things about me? The kid was watching him closely. Will you help me? he asked.
Justin rubbed his hands over his face and took a deep breath. What exactly, he said slowly, do you need?
Come with me to the Realm. Ill explain more once were there.
Im not going anywhere with some strange kid. I dont know how you found out my name, and all that about my past, but . . . he stopped.
The hint of fear in the kids expression had swarmed over his  or her  every feature. Bright tears started to spurt from the kids eyes as she moaned, I just need your help. I know you can do it. Be my hero, Justin.
Something settled in Justins stomach. Okay, he said simply, to make the kid stop crying if nothing else. But I cant go anywhere tonight.
Thats fine. We have time, the kid snuffled, wiping tears away on a greasy flannel sleeve. Not much, though. I think Im being hunted. Here, take this, the kid said, forestalling further questions. Something heavy and metallic was fumbled into Justins hand. Use it in the game tomorrow night. Youll beat the Lions. You wont have any trouble catching and running and leaping. Buttonhook 32 wont bother you. Youll see. Youll trust me. Then come find me.
The kid turned toward a screen of trees at the subdivisions edge, then paused as Justin protested. Wait a minute! Find you where? How?
In the city, the kid replied. Justin saw a lick of orange streetlight flame up in the kids eyes. With the coin.
Justin looked down at his hands. An outsized coin slightly bigger than a silver dollar lay gathering and returning the orange glow. Strange markings covered its surface, and some figures he couldnt quite make out.
He looked up again, bewildered. But  hey! Justin called out to the empty street.
He looked back at the coin. It felt heavy, solid. He muttered, Buttonhook 32. Be a hero. Right, and tossed it onto the front passenger seat as he rolled up his window and put the car in gear. What. A. Night, he sighed.
The coin danced with reflected light at the edge of his vision all the way home.

CHAPTER THREE


That night, Justin lay swimming in a half-sleep saturated with worries of all kinds: John Ss odd behavior, the game, Matthias, the kid. He managed to fully sleep only for a few hours before dawn.
He dragged himself from bed as his clock radio blared at him. He switched it off clumsily and sat. Sounds drifted up the stairs of his mom getting Game Day breakfast together before she sped away to her second day at her manager job. Half in a coma of sleep deprivation, Justin rummaged around the floor for some reasonably clean pants and stubbed his toe on something stuck in a pocket. It was dense and unyielding, and the pain it caused brought him fully awake.
Cursing, he dragged the pants on and shoved a hand in the offending pocket. Out came the strange, heavy coin, baroquely carved on one face and blank on the other.
What the  Justin began, then remembered its origin: the bizarre, desperate kid in the street. What had he said?
Use it in the game. Youll beat the Lions. Buttonhook 32 wont bother you.
Justin folded his fingers over the coin, thinking about that possibility. If he could get the play right, it would be a potential game-clincher. And if they beat the Lions, theyd qualify for the state playoffs.
I need this win, Justin decided. Somehow, it would make everything okay.
As he sat there, dreaming of being free of the emotional quicksand hed plunged into, Justin felt a strange sensation in his palm. The coin was warming up, and far more quickly than any normal coin would from exposure to body heat.
He opened his fist cautiously and looked down at the hunk of metal. The carvings were faintly glowing along their deep-set lines; they sparked dark red here and there as the glow encountered hashmarks that Justin assumed must be some kind of rune.
He flung the thing on the bed and jumped up, staring at it.
Just as quickly as the coin had warmed, it seemed to go cold; its lights flickered and faded.
Holy frijoles, he muttered. What. Is. Happening.
He grabbed a sneaker and prodded the coin with its toe. Nothing. Cautiously, he reached out and touched it with one finger. After a moment, the warmth started up again, and light began to spread out from his fingertip to the rest of the carven surface.
His mom banged on his door, shouting, Breakfast! and Justin leapt like a cat on a bed of coals. To his shock, his head brushed the ceiling, and he came crashing awkwardly down on the edge of his bed, sending its edge smashing up into his right side and knocking the breath from him.
His mom paused at the noise, then knocked again. You have a game today, dont you? Did I get it right on the calendar?
Justin flopped onto his back and wheezed.
Honey, are you up? I have to go, Justin. Second day on the job, cant be a minute late! She paused again as Justin tried to speak. Honey, Im coming in.
Dilbus, maa, Justin managed to groan hoarsely. Sabit.
Oh, youre up. Good. Check the time, dear. Breakfast is in the pan. Got to run  mwah, mwah, she said, finishing with air kisses. Oh, oh, one last thing  Im sorry, honey, but I dont think I can make it to your game tonight. My bosses invited me out to dinner, kind of a welcome-to-the-fold, kind of a make-sure-Im-not-a-psycho thing, I guess. But play hard! Kick yourself some butt out there!
Ohhkay. Bye, Justin called out, but she was already down the hall.
He pushed himself up on his elbows and regarded the ceiling, a full foot and a half higher than his head could reach when he jumped normally. He looked at the coin. Could it be . . . ?
He picked the coin up and waited until it started doing its freaky thing. As the lights overtook its surface, the pain in his side melted away. He stood and stretched experimentally. It felt great. Then, carefully gauging the distance above him, he hopped in place.
The top of his scalp bumped the ceiling. When he landed, he felt light and springy. He tried a few fake karate chops  his only education in martial arts having come entirely from movies  and hooted as his hands blurred and jabbed in front of him far faster than his eyes could track. Ecstatic, he crouched lower and jumped more forcefully.
His head crashed through the ceiling and into the space underneath the upstairs floor. A chunk of musty-smelling material came down with him and shattered all over his bed.
Quickly, Justin felt around his head. Cursing, he rushed into the hall, then to the bathroom. White plaster and splinters of wood speckled his hair and face, but he could see no real wounds as he peered anxiously into the mirror. In fact, hed scarcely felt the impact.
He laid the coin by the bathroom sink and stared at it. Sweet, he murmured. Whatever it is, it works. He started to laugh in sheer anticipation as he brushed the debris from his head into the sink. He was going to own Buttonhook 32 today, and, with a little luck, the Lions along with it.
And once they made it to the playoffs, there would be nothing but Rec Room hangouts, trophies, and School Assembly celebrations until they all graduated. John S would be so pleased, hed forgive Justin for what he planned to do that day: refuse to help in the prank against Matthias.
He washed the sink out, filled it, and dunked his head, letting the cold shock blast away the remnants of his doubt.
That didnt last long, however. During school, the teammates that had been at John Ss house the night before seemed intent on staring meaningfully at Justin whenever they got the chance. Every serious look they launched at him sent a little jolt of queasiness through his gut as he thought of what he had to do at lunch. But every time, he reminded himself of the coin, and of the glory it promised. At the same time, he could scarcely believe it was real, but the light throbbing in his head and side reassured him.
However, as lunchtime arrived and Justin saw John S head down the hall with Nils and Brody smirking behind him, his nerves failed him utterly. Instead of going to the cafeteria, he ducked into a restroom and kept as quiet as he could until the period ended. He had planned to at least tell John S he wasnt going to help, and maybe even warn Matthias or one of his Math Club friends about the impending assault, but when the moment was upon him, Justin just felt sick.
Angry with himself and worried at what John S might do to retaliate, Justin spent the rest of the school day in a tangle of pain and dread. His only relief was that none of his teammates were in his afternoon classes, but Matthias was missing from Chemistry, and some of the other Math Club members in that class stared daggers at him the whole time.
Great, Justin thought. Guilt by association. Some hero Im turning out to be.
CHAPTER FOUR


That evening, the locker room simmered with braggadocio  insults, challenges, roughhousing, dirty jokes  but here and there, little, nervous bubbles of furtive activity would form and collapse. Each player had his pre-game routine, a mixture of stretches and superstitions, and performed this routine with all the anxious humility of an acolyte.
Grateful that their preparations kept them all busy enough that John S hadnt had time to say anything to him, Justin began his own private ritual  he said three Hail Marys, cupped his hands together and spat into them, rubbed the spit into his hair, and jogged in place, muttering, Fleetfoot, fleetfoot, fleetfoot, go. Fleetfoot, fleetfoot, fleetfoot, go. He closed his eyes and envisioned, in as much detail as he could muster, John S snapping the ball in a high arc toward him as he dodged past the defense and turned in a tight arc  the buttonhook  to receive the ball smoothly into the cradle of his hands and forearms. Then he saw himself swivel again and run.
He opened his eyes and glanced around the room. Everyone knew better than to disturb a player during his ritual, so nobody noticed Justin fumbling with the coin, trying to put it in various spots under his gear. It wouldnt fit under his helmet, and he was worried it might harm his head in the event of a tackle anyway. It might slip out from under his shoulder guards, and he had no pockets. He looked at the coin, then looked down. It had to be his jockstrap.
Am I crazy for doing this? he thought to himself as he slipped the coin down between the strap and himself. It began to warm as he adjusted his uniform. Am I going to burn my balls off?
But the warmth wasnt uncomfortable  not yet. It might become so after a few plays, but Justin was willing to live with that if he could jump the way he had in his bedroom.
Soon after, it was time. Coach Simmons ran through his usual spiel, spiced up with some choice slams against the Lions. Most of the team laughed and jeered along, but Justin was distracted by the thought that this was the first opportunity this team had had to beat the Lions. Since he and his classmates had been on the team, theyd lost every Lions game.
John S leaned an arm on Justins shoulder and drew his head close, sending a shot of trepidation through Justins torso. His eyes were very bright in the greenish light of the locker room. Youd better step up this game, Justin. Man. After what you pulled today.
Justin shrugged John Ss arm off. Yeah, whatever, he mumbled.
John S looked at him in surprise. He gestured around the room. You see Brody here? Nils? John P? The others? Anybody get suspended? Were all playing today, right? Big game? And where is that little nobody? He didnt even show up for school in the afternoon. Didnt come to the parking lot like we asked, but I bet you a hundred to one hell be there Monday.
Whats your point? Justin asked.
My point is, it turned out for the best. For all of us. Except for you. Youve shown your true colors, freak-lover.
Startled, Justin met John Ss fierce gaze. Fear and anger wrestled inside him as he tried to respond, but before one feeling could win out over the other, he was shocked by a flood of warmth and strength washing into his body from the coin. He was about to glance down when Coach Simmons started shouting, and the rest of the team was shouting, and everyone was jumping up and jogging out of the room. It was game time.
John S treated him to a final glare before he left Justin sitting alone on the bench. The feeling of strength ebbed and he just wanted to collapse there and then and let the game go on without him  the game, the day, the year, his life  but he sighed and dragged himself to his feet.
After a brief practice period, the team huddled at the side of the field and John S shouted, Whos got the magic touch?
Re-ne-gades!
Hopefully me, Justin thought. During practice, the warm, tingling energy had started racing through his entire body again, flowing directly from the coin, and now it had built to an incredible pitch.
Who owns the turf today?
Re-ne-gades!
Whos up for some lion hunting?
Re-ne-gades!
They broke and jogged out to their starting positions. The Lions kicked off, and all at once, time slowed for Justin.
It was almost like a dream: he turned his head to look at the other players, who all moved in slow motion. From yards away, he could see beads of nervous sweat track glacially down their cheeks. He looked over to the sideline and could see a blackhead on the side of a refs nose. The smells of the players  anxious, sour sweat; deodorant; harsh, adrenaline-fueled breath; hints of tobacco  assaulted his nose, and underneath it all lay the heavy smell of the turf, part sweet verdure, part noxious chemical. He looked up and saw individual worn spots on the sides of the spinning ball. And he knew exactly where it was going to land.
He started to run and was halfway there before Brody, the closest player, had fully turned his body toward the spot. Justin could even see from the set of his hips that he had slightly misjudged where the ball would drop, and might not grab it before it bounced. Justin had no idea how he knew this  he just saw, knew, moved.
The ball slid perfectly into his grasp, and he ran.
The Lions had managed to place it close to the 10-yard line, but Justin reached the 45 before he met any resistance. Hed outrun his fellow players and had no protection against the dense missiles of muscle and plastic that hurtled toward him in twos and threes.
He was still caught in some kind of time warp, however, and that proved protection enough; he whirled on his heel and reversed direction, looking over his shoulder at the clumsy Lions, who hesitated and stumbled as they tried to change course in time. Justin laughed and ran . . . 
. . . right into the arms of a fullback set to tackle. The player was easily half again as heavy as Justin, but Justin plowed into him and pushed him back several yards before they both went down in a tangle of limbs.
Time resumed its normal aspect and Justin hopped up, whipping his head around to see where theyd landed. The other player was still crumpled on the ground.
It was the Lions 29-yard line.
The rest of his team caught up with him and whacked him on the back of the helmet and across his shoulders. They high-fived him. Keith said, Thats some prime lion hunting right there!
Justin breathed deep, and was startled to find he wasnt even out of breath. The coin continued to pump its warmth through his body. He didnt feel like hed just collided with a 200-pound monster headed full tilt in the opposite direction; in fact, the tackler had to be helped to his feet. He glared over at Justin and shook himself, but he hobbled slightly as he moved into position for the next play.
The rest of the game was even more like a dream. Play after play, Justin was in position almost before he knew it, and every catch he made was perfect, every footfall precise and powerful. He sailed over the opposition. Every time he got the ball, he took it all the way to the end zone. The Lions scarcely had any time on offense since Justin would zip in between their fullbacks and tackle their quarterback before anyone could react. Even when Coach called Buttonhook 32, Justin felt a tight moment of tension inside before he breezed through the play, turning and evading the Lions player covering him before hed even realized what Justin had done, then pumping past him with the ball as he struggled to reorient.
It being a home game, the crowd roared deafeningly the entire time. Justin soared on the sound.
At halftime, the team gathered in the locker room to debrief. They were seven points short of the margin required by the mercy rule, which could be invoked any time after the first half of the game, and almost everyone on the team slapped Justin on the back as he moved among them. He sat next to John S, up front, but the quarterback stonily ignored him as Coach Simmons started talking.
Quiet down, quiet. All right. I havent seen playing like this in . . . well, a long time. And you know how long Ive been coaching Renegades. So well done.
The team cheered but Coach waved them into silence, then continued. Theres one player in particular I think we need to acknowledge for some truly extraordinary effort. And thats Justin Barr.
His teammates hooted and whistled, and Justin felt Keith tussle his hair from the row behind, saying, Thats my boy!
Justin flashed Keith a grin, then turned back to the front and said, Thanks, Coach. The other players quieted and Justin realized they were waiting for him to say something, but his mouth went dry at the sudden flush of attention. Uh, everyones playing good this game, he finally said.
Yeah, its great when people finally follow the plays right, John S said, glaring at Justin.
Justin looked back at him, surprised. Uh, yeah. I guess. What now? he thought.
Abruptly, John S raised his hand and Coach Simmons acknowledged him. Coach, I think Justin needs to rest for a quarter. Youve seen how hes been working the field. Dont want to risk an injury if were headed to the playoffs. John S finished by turning to look at Justin with mock concern, one eyebrow raised and mouth turned down into a little frown. But Justin could see a bright spark of malice dancing in his eyes.
Coach Simmons appraised Justin as Justin stared in open shock at John S. Maybe . . . how you feel, sport?
Just. Fine. Sir, he said through gritted teeth, his eyes still on John S. Best game of my life. Why should I sit it out?
But sir, John S continued, were just one touchdown away from mercy rule. We can do that without a wide receiver, cant we? Soon as we get the ball, we run Broken Spear.
Some of the other players murmured at this, and Justin finally looked at Coach. Broken Spear was an experimental play theyd been trying out, involving a lot of feints by wide receivers as the quarterback ran the ball up the middle. It had failed disastrously the two times theyd tried it in actual games so far.
Hes jealous, Justin realized. Im finally getting some glory, and John S cant handle it. Hes trying to stop me from clinching the playoff game, with a mercy rule win for the first time in years.
Coach, I think  Justin began, but Coach held up his hand.
You guys have the margin to try it. Im willing to trust you on this, but if it doesnt work, we run our most solid plays after. And well need Justin for Broken Spear, okay?
Thanks, Coach! John S said, flashing his most winning smile around at the other players. Well make it work, right, guys?
The other players, pumped up from the game so far, shouted and clapped. Justin had turned around along with John S, and Keith gave him a small shrug.
Okay, soon as we return the ball, well try . . . Coach launched into defensive strategies as Justin stared at John S, who was grinning like a dog whod stolen a steak off the grill.
What the hell, John? Justin whispered.
John S, smile fixed in place, looked at him with icy eyes. Youre not taking this game from me, Justin. Remember your place.
Justin opened his mouth to retort, but Coach silenced them both and Justin had to sit there like a volcano waiting to erupt.
As they jogged back out to the field, Justin thought, My place is where I choose to make it. With the surge of anger that gripped him came an echoing surge of warmth and strength from the coin.
They returned the ball and Justin shot downfield, feeling his anger and his coin-strength surging through every fiber as he slammed into the unfortunate Lions player with the ball. The ball went tumbling up in slow motion and Justin pushed himself off the ground, leaping to catch it awkwardly as he came down beside his opponent on the Lions 30-yard line.
He dropped back into normal time and heard a shocked silence in the crowd give way to a thunderous cheer, like a dam bursting suddenly. So much for your place, John S, he thought.
His team was equally shocked, and many of them looked at him strangely. Even John S could not seem to find the words to snipe at him. From the sidelines, Coach Simmons stared, head cocked at a quizzical angle, then gave the signal for Broken Spear.
Damn, son, that was but fast, Keith said to him as they set up for the experimental play. What just happened?
Just my A game. Lets finish this, Justin said, his voice edged with several feelings.
Keith shrugged good-naturedly and lumbered over in front of John S.
Justin waited for John S to call the play, then, as everyone broke into movement, he called up the timeshift again and, instead of running downfield to pretend he was waiting for a pass, turned and headed straight for John S, who had begun to drop back and feign passing until the fullbacks could open a path for him.
Instead, Justin snagged the ball from John Ss grasp, grunting with the effort of moving its mass quickly in the timeshift, then took off for the end zone. He easily avoided the Lions, who were only starting to register the turn of events, and stood defiantly in the center of the empty end zone before he dropped the timeshift.
The players all came to an awkward halt and stared at him. The crowd stared as well.
A preternatural silence settled over the field like some great, suffocating snowfall.
Justin tried to swallow, but his mouth had gone dry. He felt an echo of the shock the onlookers must have experienced when he saw, thirty yards away, that John Ss arms were still extended, holding a phantom ball out to fake a pass.
He didnt need his coin-born eagles eye to see the expressions of bewilderment and even horror scattered throughout the assembly. Im not a hero, a small, panicked voice cried within him, Im a monster.
The scene felt locked into time. It was a hell designed to punish him alone, and he could think of no way to escape it until his desperate gaze fixed on a sagging bedsheet held up by home fans.
He jabbed the football into the air and shouted, Re-ne-gades! Re-ne-gades!
Out of habit, some in the crowd, and some on his team, started to murmur the chant.
Justin shouted louder, pumping the ball with each syllable, Re-ne-gades! Re-ne-gades!
The chant took on its own life and surged through the throats of the crowd. The anxious and disturbed expressions of his teammates melted away in its steady, simple rhythm. Soon, so many were chanting so loudly that Justin could feel the words vibrate in his body cavity, filling him, filling them all, filling the evacuated hollow of dread silence that the field had become.
Then his teammates were around him, hoisting him into the air, pumping their free hands to the beat as well.
This is more like it, Justin thought. The hero returns. They passed John S, who stood silently drooping like a withered toadstool, and began to set up for the extra point kick.
Coach Simmons just stared at Justin from the sidelines. He didnt look at all pleased, not even when the Lions coach called the game on mercy rule after Brody made the extra-point kick, sending the Renegades to state playoffs for the first time in decades.
For a span of several minutes, the world became a blur of continuous adulation for Justin. The crowd, and most of his teammates, cheered, screamed, hugged each other, and jumped up and down, all while shouting his name.
Justin had never experienced anything remotely like it; it was pure exhilaration. Nothing could trouble him in this state, not even the dark look Coach Simmons flashed him as he talked with the Lions coach, not even the venomous glint in John Ss eyes as he was left behind by the team that usually chanted his name at the end of a game.
So this is what it feels like to be a hero, Justin thought.
CHAPTER FIVE


As the two teams filed by each other, offering their obligatory high-fives and mumbled expressions of goodwill, none of the Lions would speak to or touch Justin, but that scarcely bothered him.
A man with a notebook intercepted him before he could duck into the locker room. Mark Singe, Daily Gazette. Any comment on your achievements today, Mr. Barr?
Achievements? Justin asked. He felt buzzed, distracted, like hed drunk far too much coffee. The coins power still coursed through his body; he wanted to leap, somersault, run up and down the emptying bleachers.
The reporter ticked off points from his notes. Most running yards. Most interceptions. Most touchdowns. I have to check, but maybe most sacks.
Wow, said Justin, though he expected something of the sort. Those are school records? he asked loudly, noticing John S was within earshot.
The reporter stared at him as if hed just asked what country he was in. No, son. State records. Maybe national records.
Justin basked in the notion. Wait till Mom hears about this! he thought, then felt a slight pang. His best game ever, all these records broken, and shed missed it. She couldnt have turned down the invitation, Justin knew, but still, a small cloud of resentment drifted through his mind.
Any comment?
Oh, ah, I just want to thank Coach Simmons for his guidance, and, uh, my mom. For her support.
Can you point her out to me so I can follow up?
Shes not here, Justin said slowly. She, uh, had to work.
The reporter made a clucking sound as he scribbled down notes. Shame. Can I get your contact info? Theyll probably want to do a feature once we verify the numbers.
While Justin was reciting his phone number and address, Coach Simmons laid a hand on his shoulder. He said to the reporter, Thats enough for now. We have some business to take care of.
Any comment from the victorious Coach on this record-breaking performance?
Coach Simmons said, with some heat, Im proud of my entire team. They all work hard, and they all contributed to todays win. Im looking forward to taking them to state. Thank you.
Then he pushed Justin toward the locker room. Among the mass of sweaty players in various states of undress stood the Lions coach and the school nurse.
Here he is, Coach said. We need a urine sample, Justin. The nurse held out a cup for him to take.
Justin took the cup and shuffled to the toilets. He started to go into a stall, but the Lions coach grabbed his arm roughly and said, No way. Use the urinal. I want to see this.
He could feel the mans fury coming off him like a shell of heat.
Justin shrugged him off and moved toward the urinal. He felt a moment of panic, but thought he should be able to scoot the coin back inside his cup as he prepared to pee. It was tricky, especially under the humiliating glare of the Lions coach, but he managed it.
He finished, readjusted himself, and held the filled cup out to the Lions coach. Satisfied? he asked.
I wont be satisfied until youre expelled for use of controlled substances, the coach retorted. He gestured toward the nurse, who accepted Justins sample.
As the Lions coach left, he said to Coach Simmons, Dont get comfy with the idea your team is headed anywhere. Im getting this game invalidated one way or another.
Back in the locker room, Justin smiled at Coach Simmons and said, Hes just blowing smoke, Coach. I havent done anything wrong.
Nothing wrong? You think stealing the ball from your own quarterback isnt wrong? yelled Coach Simmons in return. Sit. Right. There.
The room quieted as Coach Simmons moved to face Justin full on. He glowered down with a rage that seemed barely contained. Then he let Justin have it.
This is a football team, Justin! Not a one-man show. But today, out there on our own field, you humiliated the rest of the players  your own teammates  with your shenanigans. Yeah, it feels good to set some records. It feels good to win, to show off what you got. But not at the expense of your entire team. You dont ignore my calls. You dont charge the other teams quarterback regardless of what the play is. I call the play and you follow it. You look to your teammates, you see where theyre at. You respect the work theyre doing. If you want a one-man sport, join the fencing team! This is football, son, and while you didnt break any of its rules, you sure as hell broke its spirit. Now get changed and well see what the lab says about your miracles today.
Coach, I didnt use drugs 
Justin, I know. I had to satisfy the Lions coach. I had to give him at least that. Trust me, I wouldve known long before now if you had been using anything. You dont need to worry about that. What you do need to worry about is whether or not I decide to let you play out the rest of the season, after the crap you pulled.
Justin felt like hed dropped through the surface of a frozen lake. Coach, I didnt mean 
But Coach Simmons had turned and stormed out of the locker room.
The other players gradually roused themselves and resumed their post-game routines.
The only one who didnt blatantly ignore Justin was John S, and he just smiled sweetly.
So. This is my big moment. Hero time, Justin thought. Im going to get kicked off the team regardless of the test results. He looked dully around the room at the boys  really, half-boys, half-men  hed trained so hard with over the past year. He was starting to feel like they were brother by now, and he felt a precipitous hole open inside him to think that these people might soon cease to be a part of his life.
The locker room smelled as familiar to him as his own house, his own body. Slowly, he stripped, more slowly showered, and was pulling on his clothes in the empty room when Keith poked his head through the door.
Hey Justin, he said, nodding.
Justin nodded back and waited.
House party at John Ss. He stepped into the room and jabbed his phone, held in both hands, at Justin. You in?
Justin started to shake his head, then reconsidered. Might be the last time were all together, he thought. Yeah, Im in, he sighed. If John S will even let me come.
Keith turned to the solemn labor of a text, manipulating his phone as delicately as a panda bear might a calculator. A minute later, he looked up and said, Hes got to. Big star, wins the game? Naw, he cant dis you. It aint just about him. Lots of Renegades fans there, family, friends. They want to celebrate, meet the hero.
Justin sighed. Even so, he thought, its going to be ugly with John S somehow. Farewell, Rec Room, I hardly knew ye. Okay. Ill be along soon.
Later. Eyes stuck to his phone, Keith swiveled in the doorway and disappeared.
Justin finished dressing and rooted through his bag for his wallet and keys. The side of his hand brushed something cold and unfamiliar, and he drew it out unthinkingly.
It was the coin, which hed shoved into the bag with the rest of his gear. In the unexpected bitterness of his victory, hed forgotten all about the means hed used to achieve it.
As the coin lay in his palm, blank side up, he felt its warmth flicker to life and start to burrow into his flesh. A weird sheen swirled over the unmarked surface of the coin, then a bright cascade of colors, before a dim, grainy scene resolved itself like a miniature television set on the coins back.
Justin squinted. It was some kind of dingy, brick-walled hall. He heard a scratching sound emanate from the coin, then a gasp. The scene jerked to the side and moved helter-skelter through a large space with iron girders rising into darkness above. It was very like someone jogging with a handheld camera, except that the scene would dip into blackness every few seconds as though swallowed by a great mouth, then reappear. Two ghostly humps jutted into the bottom of the view from either side as well, framing the clear portion of the scene in a cartoonish skull shape.
A tinny crashing sound came out of the coin, followed by a louder gasp and the sound of ragged breathing. The motion increased, and when the perspective tilted up Justin saw a wall full of dirty and sometimes broken windows with backwards lettering darkening their outer side.
Confounded but alert, Justin stared at the scene. He remembered once more his strange encounter with the kid earlier in the week  the coin, the promise, and the plea: come find me.
Then it came to him: The coin was showing him what the kid was seeing. And what he was hearing:  a crashing, a scratching behind him. The kid was blinking fast, breathing hard.
He was running from something.
Justin squinted at the backwards lettering on the windows. He made out International Impor before the scene jerked away into darkness once more. He heard some scrabbling noises and caught a gleam of light before the scene came to rest, one patch of shadow gently bobbing against another. He heard a whispering noise and held the coin to his ear.
Please, it said, please. Please.
Holding the coin in one hand, Justin pawed the keys out of his bag, zipped it up, and ran out to the parking lot.
CHAPTER SIX


During the short drive along the interstate leading to downtown Milwaukee, Justin pressed the coin between his thumb and the steering wheel; he needed his other hand for the gearshift. Every few seconds, he glanced at the scene on the coin, which so far hadnt changed. Occasional sharp sounds bounding from the metal surface sent jolts of adrenaline through his body, and he swerved and swore through the Friday night traffic.
He knew exactly where he was going: an abandoned warehouse on the other end of downtown. In their widening circles of exploration, he and the guys had been by its crumbling, damp-bricked edifice many times. International Imports & Exports Ltd. read the window lettering, flecked with gold paint here and there and missing a few pieces of letters where the paint had fallen off or the glass broken.
None of them had ever gone inside. Milwaukee was sprinkled with such structures, and some in nicer neighborhoods had been converted into upscale apartments or mini-malls. Justin had heard one had even been turned into an indoor farm, complete with fish and mushroom cultivation and greens year-round.
But the building shown in the coin was one of the many still-unreclaimed vaults of fallen industry, rife with rats, waste, squatters, and possibly worse. John S had toyed with the notion of invading one sometime, but the guys were not yet that desperate for diversion.
As he coasted down the off-ramp, Justin felt the coin start to heat up under his thumb. It wasnt uncomfortable yet, and it set his heart pounding even faster. Stuck at a light, he chanced a closer look at the surface, but saw no substantial change. He had a few blocks to go before he could park his car at an attended garage, the closest one he could think of to the warehouse that felt safe to park in.
At the garage, he paused before leaving his car, popped the trunk, and drew out a four-armed, slightly rusty tire iron. He fumbled in the emergency kit his mom had insisted he keep in the trunk and took out a small LED headlamp, which he slipped on and activated. Then, clasping the increasingly warm coin in one hand and the tire iron in the other, he set off for the warehouse.
Halfway there, a banging noise blasted from the coin, nearly causing him to drop it. The coin still showed only a blend of shadows with a far-off gleam here and there. He heard a string of guttural sounds punctuated by tiny pops, as though someone were stamping on a roll of bubble wrap, then the voice hed heard earlier  the voice of the kid  saying, Please, please help me!
Justin staggered down the sidewalk in a half-run. Within minutes, he rounded a corner and came face to face with the great, decaying warehouse. Three crows perched on the edge of the roof, staggered unevenly down its length, and they squawked and called to each other. Aside from their noise, nothing of life animated the building. He walked up to it, thinking hard about how to get in, when he remembered the powers of the coin.
He looked down the street behind him, then down the short stretch of street that fronted the building before turning off into other parts of an old industrial sector. Early Friday night, sunset just about gone, a couple of dingy orange streetlights on, and nobody around. Far off, a car alarm briefly blared, then was silenced.
Justin raised the tire iron and examined the windows in front of him. They were grimy and thick, set into redoubtable iron frames with rivets and all. Nowhere did they seem to open, but he didnt want to waste whatever precious time he had jogging around looking for an undoubtedly rusted-shut door.
Here goes, Justin muttered as he jammed the tapered end of the iron into a gap at the edge of one window bank. He filled his lungs with the musty air of disintegrating metal, braced one foot on the pitted brick beneath the window, and yanked down.
With a hideous screech that echoed in stereo from the coin in his hand, the iron frame pulled from the brick halfway up its length. Justin had just enough time to glance up at the skewed frame before he saw the descending panes of glass hed loosed come hailing down on him.
Then the now-familiar timeshift slowed the storm of shards to a glittering snowfall, and Justin was able to throw himself to the side, landing face down on the unyielding pavement.
The glass exploded on the ground behind him, scattering thick shards over his jeans and coat. He got up carefully and surveyed the damage: the middle third of the column of windows had been dislodged by the twisting metal, as well as a few windows toward the bottom.
As he took a step toward the building front again, a jolt of pain shot through his right calf. A long shard had impaled it through his jeans, which were starting to discolor from a slow seep of blood.
Damn it! Justin said, yanking the shard from his body before he thought better. The blood flow increased.
A scream drifted through the broken windows from somewhere close inside. The coin echoed it more loudly from his palm. In the metal surface, Justin saw a grotesquely distorted face, with red eyes buried in pale greenish-yellow flesh and a great, slavering mouth that worked to issue disturbing, incomprehensible noises over a mass of cracked, browning teeth.
He dropped the coin in fright and the image vanished as it clanged on the cement. Another scream escaped from the decrepit buildings innards.
Im coming! Justin yelled, then scooped up the coin again. A rush of warm energy filled his body, and covering his face with one forearm, he smashed the tire iron into what remained of the window in front of him. Clearing the edges of jagged glass, he tossed the iron inside, then vaulted in after it with one hand, powered by the strength he drew from the coin.
Justin was in the hall-like room of iron girders, dimly lit by the streetlights outside. To his right, he saw a low, shuffling shape in a narrow corridor. Quickly, he found the tire iron, then shouted, Hey! Get off him!
The shape hesitated, then turned around slowly. It shuffled toward the room, then stepped into the cold, blue circle cast by Justins headlamp.
It was pure nightmare, a melted and disfigured parody of human form. The face hed seen in the coin peered out at him, covered in hairy warts and light green scars like little snakes that had burrowed into the skin. The thing was dressed in an assemblage of greasy rags that barely concealed its hunched-over bulk  it was much shorter than Justin, but seemed dense and heavy  and it stank of carrion and rot so badly that Justin gagged.
Nausea washed through his body and he staggered back. His wounded calf flared with pain at every step.
The thing reached out its arms and Justin could see it was missing several fingers. Pustules ran along the sharp fingernails of the remaining digits. It opened its mouth and the stream of deep, grating noises and pops began again. The light seemed to bother its tiny red eyes, and it squinted. It shuffled toward him.
Justin shouted, Get back! and swung the iron. The force of his follow-through traveled the length of his wounded leg, and he slipped in a puddle of something underfoot and fell on his back.
The world turned silver-white for an instant when his head connected with the concrete floor, then he saw, through a haze of pounding pain, the thing leaning over him, its tongue poking over its teeth as it continued to gibber.
Time slowed, and Justin rolled out of the way, then scrambled on all fours behind the thing, hauled himself to his feet by clutching the wall, then backed down the corridor a few feet. Time resumed, and he glanced behind him; as hed thought, the kid was there, crouching under a pile of rotten cardboard, his face a delta of tears, but smiling at the sight of Justin.
I knew youd come! he cried. I knew youre the hero I was looking for!
Justin said grimly, Dont worry, and turned back to face the beast.

CHAPTER SEVEN


It hadnt yet caught on that he was behind it now, although it could see where hed disturbed the patina of dirt on the floor. Justin raised the tire iron in his right hand and tried to ignore the throbbing in his calf, as well as a faint lightheadedness that was probably equal parts adrenaline and blood loss. His left hand was still wrapped around the coin, which poured its warm energy into his body.
The creature slowly followed the track around, and when its gaze found Justin, it exclaimed, threw its arms wide, and began shuffling toward him with its head bowed between its shoulders and its eyes turned down.
Stay away! Justin shouted at the beast, but after it paused to listen, it resumed its muttering shuffle toward him. It looked up and its red eyes caught some reflected light, blazing amid the monstrousness of its features.
They fear the light, the kid called behind him. They are creatures of the dark.
What should I do? Justin called back. The beast shuffled closer.
Defend us, Justin! That thing wont stop till its gotten through you . . . to me.
But what is it?
Does it matter right now? Look at it!
Justin firmed his grip on the iron and waited, glaring at the thing in what he hoped was an intimidating way, but it continued to slaver, and jabber, and move toward him.
Then it entered an angular column of streetlight pouring in from the broken window. It squinched its eyes shut in surprise, raising one arm to block the light and sweeping the other around in front of it in a blind search for Justin. Its noises slid up the scale to a high-pitched squealing.
Justin swallowed hard, then stepped forward and smashed the iron into the side of its head.
Thok. A muffled, wet noise reverberated in the vast hall, and the creature was thrown violently into the wall of windows. It slumped to the floor. Its jaws worked for a while yet, and a look stole over its eyes that Justin might have called confusion were he to see it on a human face. It raised one warped, rag-wrapped arm, then dropped it and stopped moving entirely.
Is it done? the kid called.
Justin stood over the creature, watching for any signs of life. The iron lay loosely in his hand. Yeah, its done, Justin said. I think I killed it.
I killed. The words flew out of his mouth and around his head like icy butterflies. They didnt sound like his words; a stranger spoke them. He tried to focus on them in his mind  I killed  but his comprehension kept sliding off their blunt surface. What did they mean? he thought, and for several minutes, he could not connect sound with sense.
Justin? Are you all right?
He stepped slowly back from the corpse and limped down the hall, still wondering at the significance of those sounds: I killed.
The kids face was aglow with some weird mix of feelings Justin couldnt begin to sort out. He just felt numb. The tire iron dropped from his hand and he sat down heavily in the gloom.
The kid leaned over him, peering. Youre hurt! he cried. Here, let me. Lift up now. Careful, its filthy in here.
The kid propped his foot on a mouldering wooden crate and produced a small knife.
Woah, Justin said, squirming. Hold on, now.
Ive got to get to the wound to dress it, the kid said, ripping into his jeans leg. He neatly trimmed it off just under Justins knee, then slashed it lengthwise down the middle to remove it from his leg. Then he brought forth  Justin couldnt see from where  a bundle of white cloth and a plastic water bottle. He washed off the blood as best he could, then wrapped the cloth tightly around Justins calf until it felt snug, then tied it off.
There, the kid said, tossing away the leftover cloth and the bottle. How does that feel?
Hurts like hell. Thanks, though. Justin paused and regarded the kid in the dimness, which had been somewhat alleviated by his vandalism. So I found you.
The kid laughed, a pure, joyous sound. Yes, you did! I knew I could trust you. And I knew you could handle yourself.
Weve got to talk.
Indeed we do! I have many things to share with you before we go.
Justin frowned. Go? You mean, before I take you home.
No, before I take you home.
The kid grinned at him.
But I drove here. And youre way too young to drive  youre what, like thirteen? Justin said. What do you mean, youll take me home?
Thats part of what I need to share with you.
A wave of dizziness crashed through Justin momentarily. He closed his eyes and said, Okay. Shoot.
First of all, Im no child.
I never said you were. I didnt want people to think I was a kid when I was thirteen, either.
But you think of me as the kid, the kid replied.
How do you 
The coin links us now. How did you find me here, out of all the lost and lonely places in this great city?
Justin thought of the scenes hed watched in the coins smooth face. I was seeing and hearing what you were seeing and hearing, he said, looking at the kid again.
Exactly! You can see the world as I do through the coin. So too can I read some of your thoughts.
A niggling chill wormed its way up Justins spine. Thats . . . creepy. What do you mean, some of my thoughts?
Well, any thoughts you have related to me. They lie at the boundary between us, so I can easily find them.
Justin rubbed his brow with the back of one hand and sighed. Okay. So, the coin. Its magic. I dont know how else to describe it. Are you magic? He jerked his head toward the corridors opening. Is that thing magic?
The kid pursed his lips. Yes and no.
How so now?
In this world  your world  we are all what you call magic. But in our own proper world, we simply are. It is a condition of our beings, our primal essence. Its nothing special.
Nothing special helped me make football history today. And oh yeah, made a fool out of me. Here, you can have the damn thing back, Justin said, proffering the coin.
The kid pushed his hand gently back, saying, No, youve earned it. Besides, youll need it where were going.
What is this going thing? Were going, Im taking you . . . who are you? Justin snapped, pushed to his limit.
The kid sat with downcast eyes for a moment, then quietly said, Im a king, Justin. In exile.

CHAPTER EIGHT


Justin sat there for a full minute, trying to reconcile all the notions of kingliness hed absorbed through his reading over the years with this slight, androgynous, somewhat puckish . . . kid (try as he might, Justin could find no other word that did him justice) crouching by his bandaged calf. He wore rags not much better than the beasts, and while his features were remarkably expressive and refined, they left no aristocratic impression on Justin.
Gently, he asked the kid, Are you insane?
The kid laughed, and continued to laugh so hard that he flopped to his side. He sprang back up, brushing the moldering cardboard off his makeshift clothes, and said, No more than you, or that thing, or anyone else with a changeable mind!
He dragged another crate over to sit, then regarded Justin with a tiny smile. Let me tell you my story, he began. His tone grew crisp and firm; his cadences were warm and pointed as a diplomats.
I am a king. My kingdom is the Realm. Its folk were happy under my rule for many ages. There was no succession to fight over, for I am part of the Realm, and its spirit is my spirit. I am ageless there, and not as you see me now.
But the Realm is also home to beasts  not like the one who lies there. That, properly, is no beast, but a goblin of surpassing size and strength. I shall return to the matter of his presence here. These beasts are ravenous, untamable, and extraordinary in their powers. Some are native to the Realm and maintain their populations in the wild. Some wander in from . . . elsewhere. No one can say whence.
For you see, the Realm is the place behind worlds. It lies at the heart of them all, and sometimes passages may open between it and far-off, unknown lands.
This phenomenon is a grave threat to its peoples, who have little defense other than naked force of arms. Yes, they can drive back the beasts, and even slay them, but at a price of lives I deemed too high for what it bought.
So I gathered the finest craftsmen among the elves and the dwarves, and we conferred. Out of their beautiful collaboration was born the coins, which, as you know, grant their bearers extraordinary powers at least equal to those of the beasts. Using the power of the coins, elven and dwarven heroes were able to drive off the beasts when they swarmed, or when a terrible one from Beyond found its way into settled areas.
For a brief time, the Realm knew a peace and prosperity long denied to it.
But the draw of the coins proved more potent than their gifts. Soon, my people fell to bickering over them as trinkets and marks of high rank. They forged more and more of them, of all kinds and manners. They grew obsessed with coins and started to fight battles for possession of them. When I decreed that the coins be used solely for defending the Realm against the beasts, the greediest of my peoples conspired to overthrow my rule and banish me from my kingdom.
And so, here I am, a beggar in rags in a mortal world. Though I have not lived here long by your standards, many ages have no doubt passed in the Realm since I was last there, and I am overanxious to return.
Justin sat and absorbed all this for some time. Then he asked, How did you know about me? And why did you give me a coin?
The kid  king, rather?  smiled beatifically. I have spent most of my time in this world learning about its mortal inhabitants. You . . . humans, yes? And, wonder of wonders, I have discovered that you may wield coins of an altogether different nature, and at less cost to your person, than the peoples of the Realm. So I began searching for a hero. He spread his arms wide. And I found you.
Searching?
I can read some of your thoughts, as you know, but I can also read dreams. I spent my nights wandering from neighborhood to neighborhood, sifting the dreams of those around me, nestled in their warm, safe beds as I searched for my champion. He paused, and a strange glitter animated his gaze. Humans have such peculiar dreams, he murmured, half to himself.
Justin thought of the kid staggering down the bitter autumn streets of the city, pawing through the psychic detritus of their denizens. Yeah, I bet you saw some strange stuff, he said. But . . . what made you pick me? And how did you find me in the subdivision?
The second question is easy to answer: you dreamed going there.
I did?
Yes. Ive found that mortals often dream they do something, then awaken and do that thing, making it real. Its as though you cannot bear dreams to be only themselves, but must blend their lives with your own.
Yeah, I have dreamed about going to John Ss, Justin thought with a pang of regret. But he shook it off and continued. Huh. And the first question?
More difficult . . . suffice it to say that you have heart, and ambition, and strength. Above all, your spirit yearns for adventure, and that adventuresomeness can be a more potent force than courage. I saw all of this in you, in your dreams. I saw a potential unlike any Id encountered. You dream large, you grasp with both hands the dreams of heroes.
Justin reflected on the kids words. They matched what he understood of himself, particularly the desire for adventure. He did often dream of fantastic scenarios in which he saved a woman, or a village, or a world. But that was all bottled up inside him: at home, his mother scarcely had time to ask in broad terms how his day had gone, and at school, he was with the guys constantly. They talked sports, mostly, and somehow Justin couldnt make the world of heroes fit the world of sports as he knew it.
Coach Simmons encouraged them to spend all their time together, saying their bonds upped their game. He also discouraged serious dating, which was a threat to that cohesion (and, he said, to their motivation to play in general), and even if he hadnt, Justin just grew quiet around interesting girls. How could he tell them what he couldnt tell his closest friends? And so he read and read, and dreamed and dreamed, entirely in private, and that privacy made his dreams burn all the brighter in his mind.
And now hed encountered true magic, it seemed. A dream made real.
Feeling elated but also nervous, Justin continued, So whats the goblin doing here?
The kid frowned over at the body. Its presence is a bad sign. It means that my enemies have tracked me to this world and have started sending assassins.
So what are you going to do?
The kid turned back to Justin, a mad gleam in his eyes. Its what were going to do, Justin. He knelt at Justins side and took one hand in both of his. Will you come back to the Realm with me? Will you be my champion, help me retake my throne?
Justin hesitated. Sure, but, sorry, how long will we be gone? I dont want to just disappear, leave everyone thinking Im dead or something. Itll probably take more than a few hours for you to regain your throne, right? Although, he thought with some bitterness, the team wouldnt care. Coach Simmons wouldnt have anything to defend if I just left. Mom might not notice for a week anyway, shell be so busy with her new job. Be one less headache for everyone, really.
The kid smiled. You neednt worry about that. Time passes differently in the Realm. It flows much, much faster there than here. Perhaps it has to do with the Realms position in the cosmos; it is at a central junction through which time, energy, and matter pour in their headlong rush from existence to annihilation. No one will make much of your absence.
The image of the place  the Realm  excited Justins imagination, and he felt a thrill of discovery the likes of which he hadnt felt in years, not since hed cracked open his first epic fantasy novel. He thought of the mess hed made of the football game, and of the deeper, more painful shame he felt about his betrayal of Matthias. The one hadnt helped at all with the other, but this: this was of an entirely different order. I can make a difference, he thought with a sudden and fierce confidence. I can help this kid  this king!
He took a deep breath, then let it out. Okay, he said. Im ready to be a hero.
The kid yipped with joy.

CHAPTER NINE


The kid helped Justin stand, then retrieved his tire iron and led him down the corridor to where the goblins body in the corner of the larger room. A primal shudder of revulsion rocked Justin as he gazed down on his handiwork. He still didnt know how to feel about it, beyond being repulsed by the goblins appearance and behavior. It was the easiest thing in the world to swing that iron.
First, we must perform a ritual of contamination.
Contam  what? Justin asked, startled.
A ritual of contamination. When you travel to the Realm, you wont be able to communicate with any of its denizens. Thats a serious problem. But my mingling goblin blood with your own, you will understand the speech of the goblins.
Justin thought about this. Why cant you just translate for me when we get there? Something about the words goblin blood and contamination alarmed him.
Once we get there, my powers will be far more limited. As I said, I am the Realm, and the Realm is me, but I have been exiled. The bond between us is weakened, and until I can reestablish some of my authority, it will remain so.
Okay, Justin said. How are we going to do that?
The kid tsked. Patience. First, the ritual. He hoisted Justins tire iron and, judging with a critical eye, jabbed it into the flesh underneath the goblins arm. A bit of dark blood began to well in the wound.
The kid bent over the wound, then returned with a dark smear on one of his fingers. Hold out your tongue, he said.
Ho boy, Justin thought. He was mighty alarmed by now. It looks filthy, he protested.
The kid stamped a foot and clanged one end of the iron onto the floor. His face turned suddenly stormy. Its just blood. Youve eaten meat, yes? Then youve eaten blood. A hero must not shy away from what needs doing.
Justin took a step back and looked at him.
The kid returned the look, then brushed back has matted hair and lowered his gaze. His expression slumped into one of care and sadness. Im sorry, Justin. Im just so worried about my kingdom. What might the beasts have done to it? What might my coin-maddened peoples have done to each other?
He looked up at Justin calmly then. Not everything I ask of you will be easy. But it is because you can do it that you are a hero waiting to find his destiny.
Justin examined the oozing, black blood and shook himself all over. All right. Lets do this, he said, more to convince himself he was really going to do it than to confirm any decision.
Excellent, the kid said. Now you must repeat an incantation while the blood works on your tongue.
Smiling again, the kid swiped his finger across Justins outstretched tongue. It tasted of something between rotten pumpkin and motor oil. Gagging, he gestured at the kid.
Swa holdreth hinnis thur, the kid intoned, and Justin repeated as best he could manage. Krs antir iorni lektotherim ge.
Now spit, the kid said, and Justin spat with gusto. He scrubbed his tongue on his shirt sleeve, but a trace of the awful flavor haunted his mouth.
Now talk, the kid said. In goblin.
How do I do that? Justin asked, but what came out from his mouth was a short, slurred growl sprinkled with a few pops. Woah! he said, again in the goblin language. Wait, how do I speak English again? he asked in English.
The kid laughed. Well done!
So, wait, I just think, Im going to speak Goblin now, and then talk?
Not anything that complicated. Just speak with the intention to be understood by your listener. The magic does the rest.
Must be handy, having everyone speak everyone elses language.
Oh no, its not like that at all. Not everyone performs the ritual of contamination.
What?
In fact, elves never commingle their blood with the goblins. Instead, they use dwarves as go-betweens.
Okay, Justin said. Listen, I hope you fill me in on more stuff like this in the Realm before I need to know it, or need to do something important.
Never fear! the kid cried. I shall be right at your side the entire time. Now for a portal.
He handed the tire iron to Justin, then moved off into the center of the room, where the space between the girders was widest.
Justin looked again at the goblin. What about him? he asked.
Her, the kid said, preoccupied with surveying two of the largest girders. What about her?
Justin peered at the goblins face, trying and failing to make out any remotely feminine features. Well, were just going to leave her here?
Shes an assassin, Justin, sent to kill the rightful ruler of the Realm! the kid replied. We have more important matters to turn to.
Justin glanced one last time at the goblin, and despite what the kid said, he felt he ought to at least close her eyes. Her skin felt sandy, like that of a shark. A weird knot of feeling gathered itself in his chest; hed killed her before he knew what she was or what she was doing here, before he even knew she was a she. That definitely felt wrong to him, yet equally wrong, even more wrong, was what the kid had been put through: revolt and exile, and now, attempted assassination.
The feeling sat heavily within him as he moved over to the kid, who had scaled one girder and was tying silver twine around it ten feet up.
Just a moment, the kid said, finishing his knot and slipping swiftly down. Justin couldnt see how he found so sure a grip on the grimy, rusted surface. Moreover, he was barefoot, but seemed to feel no discomfort as he moved. He trotted to another girder with the end of the silver line and began to climb.
Whats that stuff? Justin asked.
Just a moment, the kid said through clenched teeth, where he carried the line as he scaled. He tied it off so that it ran tautly parallel to the floor, then descended. Hed also tied some of the stuff to the ends of the taut line; they dangled loosely down the length of the girder to the floor.
Justin watched as the kid tied them off tautly at the bases of the girders, then strung a final line across to make a silver rectangle about twelve feet across and ten feet high. It gleamed in the gloom of the warehouse when his headlamp passed over it.
The kid stood by Justins side and appraised his work, then grinned lopsidedly up at Justin. That stuff, he declared, is the stuff of dreams.
Really?
The kid giggled. No, its just feytwine. Flimsy as dreams, anyway. Itll only last for one portal before its consumed. He clapped his hands thrice and shouted something, and the air inside the twine frame began to shimmer as though it grew hot.
Gradually, the warehouse faded out from inside it and a new landscape asserted itself. Justin was looking onto another world  onto the Realm.
At first, it seemed to be dusk there, or just before dawn, the light was so faint. But the light levels rapidly rose and subsided, fast as a strobe, zipping through day and night in no more than a few seconds. The effect was hard to gaze upon at first, but as his eyes adjusted, Justin could make out details of the landscape on the other side of the portal.
All Justin could see were trees, enormous in girth and twisted in the great, looping, fissured arabesques that are the mark of ancient growth. Justin had seen such trees only in pictures in National Geographic and the like. Now they stretched as far as he could see, and grew so tall that only the occasional down-dipping branch brought any leaves into view. They seemed at this distance like oak leaves, but Justin couldnt be sure in the strobing flood of light and dark.
The kid gestured toward the portal. After you, he said. Just be sure to jump through as quickly as you can.
Why?
On this half of the portal, time flows slowly. On the other half, it is swift as river rapids. You dont want to get caught in the middle, or the halves of you would age at different rates. That hardly seems salubrious for a mortal.
Justin swallowed. Gotcha.
This is it, he thought. Hero time for real. He backed up, gripped the tire iron and the coin close in each of his hands, got a running start, and leaped through.

CHAPTER TEN


The sky lay above like a great salmon, rosy at its belly and fading off through silvers and grays into deep, sleepy blues where stars glittered like waterdrops on its scales. Justin had to piece together the sequence of colors from shattered glimpses he could glean from the nearly impenetrable canopy of the old forest, but even so, it was the most beautiful sky hed ever seen. He wished he could climb one of the monster trees, scale all the way to its top and so watch the dawnlight spill over the surface of the forest.
But strange, furtive noises issued from the branches, noises that raised the hairs on the back of his neck. He thought better of his desire and looked back at the portal.
It opened, a great silver-lined rectangle hanging in space three feet above the ground, onto the dim-lit confines of the warehouse. The kid was in mid-leap there, suspended impossibly in the air and moving so slowly that Justin started to worry he wasnt moving at all. The sounds of wild things in the forest surrounding them amplified his worry, and he was just about to speak to the kid when the kid passed through . . . 
. . . and turned into a cloud of black ash that billowed over Justin, choking him.
What the  Justin cried, doubling over and hacking. NO! he thought. Something went wrong  hes gone!
For a moment, he went blind with panic and clutched at the ground. Nausea coiled in his gut, gathering itself to strike.
Be at ease, hero. The kids voice sounded at Justins ear, startling him so badly he fell onto his side.
He wiped the ash from his eyes and peered around wildly. Kid? What happened to you? You just . . . exploded.
A ghostly laugh. My body did, yes. I am fine, however.
Justin slowly got up and looked around. So, what, youre a spirit now or something?
No, the kid said. A shadow.
Something rippled over the surface of the tree just across from Justin. He squinted and could barely make out the form of a small human, its figure warped by the deep fissures in the bark. It was indeed a shadow, though cast by no body.
Are you okay? I mean, was that supposed to happen?
Unfortunately, yes. I told you I was much diminished in my own kingdom. The elf-lords who think to rule the Realm have made sure of that. I am forbidden a body here, for now. Is it hard to see me? The shadow briefly disappeared, then reappeared further on against a trunk that caught more of the days first light.
Much better, Justin said, wincing. He wiped off what ash he could from his clothes and face, then moved over to the shadow and stared at it.
The kid laughed. What do you hope to see?
I dont know . . . its just so weird, not being able to see your face. And, well, how can you even talk without lungs or vocal cords or a tongue or anything?
I cannot. The voice you hear is entirely in your mind. I project it from where my shadow lies so you will not be disoriented, but I can throw it here . . ." the voice shifted to Justins left, here . . ." to his right, over there . . ." far behind him.
Wow, Justin said. It was disorienting, looking at the speaker but hearing his voice elsewhere. Okay. Well. He found it hard to think. Rich, sensual forest smells assailed him, and sounds he had never before heard, and even the air seemed flavored with a hint of spice. The Realm pressed on all his senses at once, demanding everything of each of them, demanding more than they had ever had to give to Justins own human world. I think I need to sit down.
Do so. It will take many days for you to acclimate to the Realm.
Days? Justin asked in alarm. How long will I be here?
As long as it takes to restore me fully. But calm yourself, my champion. I assure you that no one in your world will mark your absence. Remember the fluidity of time across the worlds.
The kids voice faded and Justin could just make out his shadow-self flitting over the thick leaf litter, back toward the gaping portal. His shadow was outlined for a moment against the comparative brightness of the warehouse, then the portal contracted into a concentrated, glaring point of silver light. The kids hand closed about it and it disappeared.
Did you close the portal? Justin asked when the shadow had returned to his side. Actually saying those words sent a shiver down his spine. He was cut off from his world now, and fully a part of the Realm . . . whatever that might mean.
Yes and no. It might admit a flea, if the flea could find it. Now, the shadow-kid said, lifting his head. We must needs reconnoiter and determine our first course of action.
I thought you had a plan to restore yourself.
I always have a plan, the kid replied testily. But remember, its been ages  literally  since I was in the Realm. This forest, for instance . . . a piece of bark broke off from beside Justins seat at the base of a tree. Ah, yes. Here. It flipped over and drifted over to hover in front of his eyes. See the dark streaks?
Justin took the bark and nodded.
Thats iron veins drawn up grain by grain from deep in the earth. This is an ironwood forest! The kid laughed delightedly and ran in a circle among several trunks, whirling and perhaps even somersaulting; Justin could track his motions only in fits and jags where his shadow was discernible from the natural shade of the forest.
Justin examined the piece of bark more closely, scratching his nail on one of the streaks. Iron, really?
There is only one such forest in the Realm. I planted it when last I was here.
Justin looked around at the towering, gargantuan trunks that surrounded them. How long do ironwood trees live?
I designed them to live forever, but these . . . Id venture theyre three, four thousand years old.
Justin whistled in appreciation. What are they for?
The kid tsked. To draw up iron, grain by grain, from the depths of the earth. Its easier to fell and smelt a tree than it is to dig a mineshaft.
Justin reached behind him to touch the trunk, cold and dense as the earth itself, and said, Takes longer to get the iron, I imagine. Plus, didnt you mention dwarves? How come they dont mine?
The kid returned to his place before Justin, who couldnt see his head against the dark background of the canopy. It made him uneasy; in fact, talking to a moving shadow, period, made him uneasy.
Dwarves do mine. Of course they mine. They are dwarves. What nonsense are you speaking? the kid said irritatedly.
I just thought, why plant a forest like this if you can get the iron faster from a mine. Youd have to wait, like, decades or hundreds of years for your iron from the trees, right?
The kid was silent for a minute. Yes, its slower. Thats neither here nor there, though, is it? The forest is fully grown. Its full of iron. My plan worked! he crowed. As for dwarves, bear in mind that none of the fair folk can bear much exposure to iron before they grow ill. That is why I created the ironwood, in part: to spare my people the unpleasant and injurious task of supplying me with iron.
Ah, Justin said. Questions crowded each other out in his brain; he felt they were spilling out his ears. He had just opened his mouth to ask the next when a loud crack followed by a series of high-pitched squeals penetrated the relative quiet of the wood.
He tipped over onto all fours and crouched there, letting the coin sharpen his senses and speed his thoughts. The world changed completely; he could smell the rich reek of iron in the wood around him, and hear the chuckling and scrabbling of tiny creatures in the earth, and taste on the air . . . the salty tang of blood? But it was different, somehow, mingled with a coppery undertone.
A rushing, rustling noise passed from tree to tree nearby. It moved quickly even for Justins accelerated perceptions. A strong scent of cinnamon enveloped Justin.
Run! the kid whispered in his ear.
Where? he whispered back.
Anywhere!
He felt something insinuate itself in his pants pockets, and a trickle of chill air caressed his nape, and he bolted like an Olympic sprinter into the gray-limned labyrinth of ironwood.
CHAPTER ELEVEN


It went on forever, or seemed to. Justin had never imagined a forest could be this way: endless, thick, commanding. All the ones he had ever known were strictly contained, scrubby little plots of brush and spindly spinneys of birch that lay between fields or subdivisions, or small town parks with neatly groomed paths and not a singe tree over a hundred years old.
The ironwood forest was of an entirely different order.
Root after massive root rose in his way, and he vaulted them. Trunk upon trunk formed the only horizon, forcing him down crazy, accidental paths. The now-pinkish sky flashed through the dense canopy in tiny scraps that seemed like devilish eyes. Where Justins feet did not kick off roots, they sank into inches of decaying leaf litter. All around him as he sped on his way, he caught the time-distorted cries and calls of forest animals.
He ran for what seemed like an hour or more, until the ground began to rise and the trees to thin. The raw, red dawn split among the trunks of a hillside ahead, igniting Justins path with glories of warm colors.
The kid whispered in his ear, You can stop now.
Justin stumbled, then turned to look behind him: only forest.
Here, Im here, the kid said more loudly, and Justin turned again. Just the dawn and the hill.
The kid laughed and Justin looked up, then craned his neck behind him. The kid was clinging to his back, feet tucked into Justins pockets.
What the did you . . . ? Justin gasped, more out of breath from surprise than from his exertions.
The kid kicked off Justins back with a surprisingly physical force. You run very well.
Justin flushed with annoyance. Glad you think so. Now what the hell was I running from? Or did you just happen to want a piggy-back ride?
Now, now. Manners. The kid strode forward and surveyed the landscape ahead. It was much easier spotting him against the flood of light. Were coming to a good spot, I believe. A cave where we may shelter.
Arent you going to answer my question? Justin demanded.
The kid turned languidly. It was a beast of some kind. About to feed, from the smell and sound of it. But it caught wind of you and decided to switch entres. He giggled.
Thats not funny. I just got here, remember? I dont know anything about this place. And now were, what, miles away from the portal, and some thing tried to eat me, and all you can do is joke about it. Why am I even here? he thought. This is crazy. I could die here.
The kid moved over to him and laid a shadow hand on his arm. Justin felt a strange chill through the cloth, as though the warmth were being slowly sucked from his body through a straw. He flinched.
I apologize, Justin. There was not time to explain before the beast descended from the canopy. In truth, I have no idea what it was. It could have been anything; such are the dangers of the Realms wilds. I make light of it now that there is nothing to fear. Perhaps that way the fear will remain distant. It is only a little kind of mind-spell, a habit of mine.
Justin thought about this and nodded. Okay. Just, we need to find a safe place to sit and talk awhile. Im lost here, and all I have is a cruddy tire iron, and now Im pretty hungry to boot. He leaned against a tree. Scratch that, we need to find water first. I dont know about you, but I need it.
The kid replied gently, Rest here for now. Ill cast a shadow-net over you and look for the cave. A brook is close by. Sit down and make yourself comfortable so that you need not move; it will disturb the spell. There, good.
He drew his arms back and flung them over Justin as though heaving out a bucketful of something, speaking three or four low, rapid words. Justin felt nothing, but the kid said, Excellent. That will do until I return. Dont make a noise.
Justin shrugged his assent and looked out at the glowing, gilded, early dawn world, watching the kid make his way silently through the tangle of trunks. He dropped from view at the hills edge.
Slowly, the forest took on greater definition and form. The ironwood trees around him were intermixed with other varieties, some Justin thought he recognized: alder, ash, oak. Others he could find no name for: one whose thin trunks split at their base into a cluster of forking, fingerlike protrusions; another with deep red, nearly black bark and pale, lip-shaped nodules running in a pattern up and down its sides; another that seemed like an aluminum pole, so straight and shining it grew; another that seemed covered in a rippling fur until the sun grew strong enough and Justin saw it was not fur, but an interlocking jacket of large, beetle-like bugs. To his relief, they seemed to stick to those particular trees and showed no signs of descending as they warmed in the mornings gathering heat.
They had made it to the edge of the ironwoods, it seemed, but the forest itself continued everywhere Justin could see. And it was waking with the sun, hungry.
A chaotic symphony of birdcalls soon filled the air and Justin watched brightly colored bodies flit and swerve and dive above him. The birds descended on clusters of pink berries on some trees, on the leaves of others, and even on the living surface of the beetle-bark tree. One kind of bird seemed to be a woodpecker; it favored oaks and every so often would fly to an aluminum pole tree to scrape the edges of its dagger beak along the shining bark.
High-pitched cries, chuckles, squeals, and scolds of mammals punctuated the birdsong, and Justin watched small, furry bodies come racing and lumbering out of boles and tunnels and nests hidden in the canopy. Many looked like variations on squirrels and chipmunks, though a few were much larger and crazily furred with stripes and zigzags. They were snufflers and diggers, and though Justin sat still amid the flurry of motion, they would pause as they neared him, sniffing the air alertly and turning aside to forage elsewhere.
As the forest warmed, insects emerged: ants, flies, butterflies, spindly-legged things, millipedes with rainbow shells, something like a wasp nest with black bead eyes protruding at all angles crawling along the ground. Spiders pirouetted from trunk to trunk, erecting webs or dropping on their prey from above.
Then the eating began in earnest.
Birds attacked the bugs, and so did the mammals. Birds attacked some of the mammals, and a hunched, red-coated cross between a flying squirrel and a fox launched itself from tree trunks, going for the birds. Soon, small lizards and amphibians made an appearance, snapping up insects and being snapped up by the larger animals.
It was fascinating. It was horrifying. It was like all the wildlife documentaries Justin had ever seen rolled together right in front of him, and when he peered deeper into the wood, he could see that it was somehow localized. Only in the shadows of the colossal ironwoods did this carnage transpire.
Soon enough, Justin had seen enough ripping and rending, enough blood and meat and broken bone, that he felt sick. He shut his eyes to it, but its sounds rushed in to flood his mind. The forest was one enormous, monstrous mouth.
Suddenly, a new sound cut through the others and began to still them. It was the sound of voices, coming from back in the ironwoods behind Justin.

CHAPTER TWELVE


He opened his eyes and saw the animals were in various states of alarm. Some froze and listened, some dug into the leaves, some fled. As the voices drifted closer, the space before Justin emptied of all animal life save for spiders and insects.
The voices came close enough for him to make out words.
 . . . dont drop it! Weve risked too much to lose a disha! Hoist the edge of the sack up there, thats it, now take the other handle over your shoulder like so  yes, youve got it! No, Hluth, youll have to hold it till weve reached the hideout. I dont care what you do; just hold it in. Well, stick a chunk of ore up there! What, Goshu? Course you cant eat the stuff, get it out of your mouth! No, it isnt poison; youll just pass it, but we need it in the meantime. Not tasty, is it. Ratcha, where are you off to? All right, just one lizard, and you must share. But keep moving, everyone! No, dont drop your sacks! No no nonono! Tach and Tan, you are impossible!
The voice rose to a shriek that echoed in the now deadly silent forest.
A tiny voice, too meek for Justin to make out, seemed to ask a question, and the first voice responded. It sounded defeated. Might as well, now that youve put it all down anyway. Yes, you can eat more lizards. But dont stray from this spot. Hmm? That tree, that tree, that tree. Just like an invisible hut, yes. Pretend youre witch-trapped. No, nobodys going to eat you. Goshu, there is no witch. I said pretend. Dont remember what that means? Never mind, then. Just sit and eat your lizard. Ill go ahead and find some more. Everyone down. Roost your rumps! Thats better. Now stay. Better yet, stay and draw. Draw me up plans for a moon carriage. I dont know what one is: you must invent it!
A faint, high-pitched chatter ensued. It sounded like an elementary school lunchroom, but without the clatter of utensils and plates and the admonishments of monitors.
Footfalls approached Justins hiding spot. He stilled his breath, tightened his grip on his tire iron, and waited.
From the far side of a great ironwood trunk, a creature cautiously stepped into the mixed-forest zone.
It looked remarkably like the goblin Justin had killed  earlier today? yesterday?  already he seemed lost in time as well as space, with the warm coin in one hand and the cool iron in the other his only anchors  only it was taller, thinner, more obviously muscled, and much better groomed.
It seemed to wear a patchwork of leaves and rags, but underneath them Justins coin-enhanced gaze picked out a framework of supple, stitched leather. The surface was for show, then. And though its arms, legs and face were smeared with dirt, Justin could make out the tracks of the fingers that had carefully applied the dirt as though it were makeup.
A long, thin nose waggled in front of that face, and long, pointed ears stuck out at right angles to the head. All three protuberances quivered slightly as the goblin strained to detect any dangers in the area.
But it was the eyes that gave Justin pause. Deep hazel with curlicues of gold, the eyes brimmed with a subtle, searching intelligence. Whatever this creature wanted, whatever harm it might mean to the exiled king, it was clearly a being full of thought and feeling. Justin could not remember seeing a pair of eyes with so much . . . presence before.
Something rustled in the leaves, and quick as a striking viper, the goblin snatched at it, coming up with a fair-sized lizard that promptly shed its tail and began to fall back to earth. But the goblin was ready for this and snagged it by the midsection with its free hand.
The goblin popped the thrashing tail into its mouth and crunched with evident pleasure, chuckling. Todays the day Chalen calls your name, wee thing, it said, then moved forward till it was just in front of Justin, scanning the lay of the land ahead. Something in its walk made him think the goblin was female, but he mistrusted his instincts regarding the Realm. The assassin, for one, hadnt looked remotely feminine.
Then the goblin sniffed deep and long, and turned slowly toward Justin. It stepped toward him, then to the side, sniffing all the while. Air whistled slightly past the long gashes of its nostrils. It looked at the ground, studying the marks of the mornings eating, and Justin silently prayed his sneaker prints would go unnoticed.
The goblin moved even closer till it stood just before Justin, sniffing all the while. It looked piercingly around the base of the tree at which he sat, then stared directly into his eyes for a chilling, seemingly eternal moment. Justin tensed to leap up if need be.
But the goblins remarkable eyes narrowed and it stepped away, swiftly now, and more quietly. It glanced up and around often as it disappeared the way it had come. He heard it calling, Here, eat. Quick quick. We must away. Theres something foul afoot, I know not what. Share out the meat and pick up your sacks. Chew as you walk, theres a lad, Hluth. Weve reached the forests edge. I know youre tired, but that will pass once we leave the ironwoods. Were nearly there, just down the slope to Shinhammer Brook. Look sharp, pick up your feet, and off!
The noises of the group kicked up for a minute, then faded off through the trees somewhere ahead and to the right of Justin. Gasping deeply, he let the tire iron drop to the ground.
That was close, he thought, though he didnt sense that the goblin posed any danger. It seemed more like a big sister or foster mother than a warrior. Still, if a group of goblins could happen by out here in the middle of nowhere, then something worse might stumble over me while Im waiting for the kid. Where the hell is he?
Soon enough, forest creatures began to emerge from their hiding spots, and the frenzied play of predator and prey resumed. Justin closed his eyes and slumped back against the tree. He might have drifted off were it not for the continual crying, cracking, and ripping sounds that enveloped him.
He wanted nothing more than to run from the place, into what seemed the relative normality of the mixed forest ahead. But he forced down his fear with cold logic: One, how would the kid find me? Two, his illusion, whatever it is, works. Nothing can see me here. It was clear that things could smell him, however. That made his situation maddening: he was only half-safe here, but safer than elsewhere.
He sat and slowly counted his breaths. He didnt know what else to do, and the steady rhythm calmed him somewhat.
Around breath 857, he heard the kid say, Wake up, slug-a-bed.
Justin stood and stretched. Ugh. What took so long? I thought the cave was nearby.
The kids shadow body was stark in the sunlight that poured through the trunks around them.
It is, but it is now occupied.
What do you mean?
On my way back, I chanced on a troop of goblins, furtive and hurrying with a heavy load.
Yeah! They were here! Just around the corner. I heard them, Justin said excitedly. One of them came close, but got spooked just as it was about to step on me.
What were they doing here, in the ironwoods? the kid demanded darkly.
Justin shrugged. Search me. I could hear the leader telling the others to be careful with the stuff they had. Hey, he said with a rush of pleasure, the tongue spell really works!
Tongue spell? snapped the kid.
You know, the ritual  the ritual of contamination? I mean, theyre all goblins, right? So I could understand what they were saying!
Oh, of course. Well, of course it works. I havent lost all my power, and in the mortal world . . . well, thats neither here nor there. I followed the group over the hills crest and down the other side, to the brook. I could not see what they carried, but it was no doubt stolen. Goblins are notorious thieves.
Justin nodded. Least that sounds familiar, he thought.
And theyve set up their thieves camp in the very cave I thought to lead you to.
So . . . whatll we do?
The kid pointed to the tire iron lying on the ground.
Drive them out. What else?
CHAPTER THIRTEEn


The kid led Justin through the wood as the sun climbed through the sky. They went unhurriedly; Justin was now incredibly thirsty and mentally fatigued from the assault of sheer newness around him, though the coin kept him physically energized. When they reached the crest of the hill, Justin looked back and saw the ironwood forest rising like a great stone wall on the horizon. It was a forbidding sight. The forest that surrounded them now was more like the ones Justin was used to, save for the odd Realm species that he could make neither heads nor tails of.
The land dropped away into a steep valley, at the bottom of which ran the white ribbon of a brook. Water! Justin said.
Not till the goblins are gone. Then you can drink till you pop.
Justin smacked his lips and swallowed experimentally. He was parched, but the energy of the coin made this state feel like an irritation rather than an existential threat. He nodded and moved onward.
After some surveying, the kid found a steep natural stair that led to the valley floor. Bits of scuffed moss along the rock face and displaced stones told of the recent passage of the goblins along the same route.
At the bottom, they followed a path that meandered close to the brook, which sparkled cleanly in the sun as it ran.
After perhaps twenty minutes  it was somewhat difficult for Justin to keep track of time here, perhaps because of his fatigue  the kid stopped him with a gesture and stood over some markings on the trail. It seemed he could act as a real shadow when he so desired, leaving the physical world undisturbed. It was both harder and easier for Justin to see him in the sunlight now; if he stood before the sun, he blocked its light as a physical being would, but if the sun was to Justins back, the kid blended in perfectly with whatever shadows surrounded him.
The markings he stood on were little sets of clawed footprints dug into the mud. Goblins, the kid said in a low voice. Small ones. Just whelped, perhaps. So why are they out on their own, away from their posts? he mused.
Whelped?
All in good time. What this means for us is that they will be easy to drive off.
The markings continued in the muddy parts of the trail. Soon the trail edged up to a cliff face soaring above it, where part of the hill had collapsed in a distant age. The trail picked a way through rockfall, sometimes climbing part of the slope, sometimes dipping back toward the brook. Across the water, Justin saw a mirrored landscape, as though the brook itself had sliced a great hill in two. Peering ahead through the wood as far as he could see, Justin picked out the outline of these two cliff faces bordering the brook. They continued, uncannily parallel, for as far as he could see.
The kid stopped suddenly, freezing in place. The coin sent a jolt of energy flowing through Justins body and time slowed for him. He moved up to the kids side and whispered very slowly, so the kid could understand him in his accelerated state, Whats wrong?
The kid turned his head toward Justin. Why are you speaking like the village idiot? he said at normal speed.
I  uh, the coin . . . Justin stammered.
The kid gave a brief, low chuckle. I gave you that coin, you know. Theres nothing it wont do for me that it does for you.
Huh, Justin said. Well, whats wrong?
Ahead.
Justin peered around the edge of a boulder before them. Some distance back from the brook, the hillside had further collapsed, and at the bottom of this great hollow, a black cave mouth frowned widely. A thin stream of smoke issued from the top of the opening and spread into the sky. Standing in front of the mouth was the thin, intelligent-looking goblin who had nearly discovered Justin. It carried a long stick forked at one end and was half-turned back toward the cave. Justins coin-boosted hearing let him just make out the words it spoke.
But one of you must stand guard while Im gone. Blow the conch as soon as you spot trouble. No, trouble isnt coming, necessarily. But we ought to expect it. I dont care who does it; somebody pick up that conch right now! Ill be back shortly with supper.
Muttering to itself, the goblin clambered down the rocky slope toward the trail. It turned away from their hiding place and headed further downstream. 
Nows the time, the kid said after they could neither see nor hear the goblin anymore. That one is surely the leader. The others cant be long beyond their whelping. Well have a talk with them, make them show us whats in the bags, perhaps relieve them of their burden for the rest of their journey! Ha!
The kid slipped silently up the trail, coasting over the rockfall like a patch of fog. Justin ran after him, jumping from rock to rock with minimal noise. Toward the top, he landed on one that wasnt as stable as it appeared, and it shifted under him, tumbling down the slope with a clatter.
He leaped free and stood by the cave entrance then, peering in. The cave sloped downward steeply enough to guide out the smoke from a fire burning deeper inside. Three much smaller goblins lay slumped around the fire, using their sacks as pillows. Two others sat up and tossed dice, pushing what looked like pebbles into little piles that shifted back and forth as they rolled. The kid was nowhere to be seen.
Justin started making his way down to the goblins, tire iron raised. He didnt know what to say, but with any luck his sudden appearance and warlike stance would send a clear enough message to the group.
Halfway down, he heard the kid whisper in his ear, By Tach and Tan, theyve got Ore. Bags of it. More than we need, much more. Tell them to run before you send every last one of them to Chalen with a spike of cold iron through their heart.
Im not going to do that, though, right? Justin whispered back. I mean, these arent assassins or anything. They look like goblin kids.
How would you know what a goblin kid looks like? No, I dont suppose you need slay them. The kid sighed. All of them, anyway. It might take one or two to fix their attention long enough.
Justin winced and continued into the cave. When he was about twenty feet from the group, he called in a gruff voice, hoping that what came out was in Goblin, Hey you! Get out of this cave now! He swung his makeshift weapon wildly toward the cave entrance.
The goblins all looked at him in astonishment. One of the dice players tipped a die onto another face while its partner gaped at Justin.
Are you deaf? he yelled. Are you dumb? Dont you understand? I said get out!
They glanced at each other, then one spoke in a scratchy, high-pitched voice. It sounded like a child getting over a cold. But we havent had our supper.
Another spoke. And were to wait for Daisy.
A third piped up. And were to sleep here.
The two dice players turned back to their game as though the matter had been settled and began an argument about the last roll.
Justin hesitated and the kid whispered in his ear once more. You see our difficulty. Threaten them as I told you.
Drawing a deep breath, Justin took a few steps toward the group and clanged his iron against the cave floor. If you dont leave now, and leave your bags here, Ill send every last one of you to Chalen with a spike of cold iron in your heart!
That froze them in their places. They looked anxiously at Justin, at the weapon he carried. He stepped even closer and raised the iron so the firelight played along its length.
The spell broke for one of the dice players, who jumped to his feet and approached Justin. Is that real iron? he asked with something like awe in his voice.
Of course it is! Justin shouted. Now get out!
The goblin looked Justin up and down. But youre an elf-lord, aint you? How come the iron dont burn your hand through? Can I touch it?
The kid whispered from the darkness, The leader approaches. Strike him.
Justin glanced to the side but could not make out the kid among the flickering, fire-cast shadows. Again the words came to him, Strike. Him.
He heard a voice calling at the cave entrance and fixed his gaze on the goblin before him. A shiver traveled the length of his body as he said, You want to touch it? and slashed the iron across the goblins chest.
A horrible burning smell suffused the cave as its tapered end tore through the ragshirt and into goblin flesh. The goblin cried out in agony as he was flung back to the floor. The others were on their feet now. One blew uselessly at the wrong end of the conch while two grabbed their fallen comrade and tried to stand him up.
Behind him Justin heard the leader cry out, Whos there? Whats going on?
He jabbed the iron at another goblin, but it was just for show. The goblin tumbled aside and then the whole group scrambled around him, rushing for the cave entrance. The wounded one sagged between two others, stumbling forward as he moaned.
Chase them, the kid whispered. Let the leader know your fury and they shall not return.
Justin ran up after the goblins, shouting and swinging his iron. They spilled around the dumbfounded leader like waters rushing around a great rock, while it stood there with three fat fish strung on a length of twine.
As Justin approached the leader, it dropped the fish and swung its forked stick around, business end forward, and snarled at him. Leave us alone! it shouted.
Justin stepped forward carefully. The stick, really a short spear, did not look that sturdy. It had clearly been hacked from a fallen branch or sapling. He slipped the coin into his pocket to free his off hand, then advanced on the goblin. If you want to live, you should leave now, he said. And dont think of returning. This is iron Ive got. You saw what it can do.
The leader glanced over her shoulder at the retreating goblins, then yelled, Chalen eat your liver! and struck with her spear.
Even without the coins powers, Justin was able to dodge it. He brought the iron crashing down on the thin wood, which broke in two. Then he stepped in and shoved the leader back with his hand.
It cried out and fell against a boulder. Justin raised the iron again and heard the kid whisper, Strike.
But Justin could not. When hed struck the other goblin, he felt a strong but momentary sense of satisfaction. The resultant burn was horrible enough to undercut his pleasure, however. He didnt want to repeat the experience. This goblin was no threat, and he doubted the others could be convinced to return to the cave after his attack.
Go, Justin said. Leave and dont return. The cave is ours.
Those gold-flecked hazel eyes bored into his own with a look of hatred, and also despair. The goblin spat at his feet and stood unhurriedly. It hissed, I will not forget this, elfling or whatever-you-be.
It treated him to a last, withering look, then set off quickly through the rockfall to gather up the others. They soon disappeared behind a screen of trees.
Beside Justin, the kid chuckled. Well done, I suppose. But why did you not kill the thing?
Justin turned to the kid, incredulous. There was no need. Why do I have to kill everything I meet?
The kid paused. It is the way of the Realm. You will see. And with that, he glided up the rockfall toward the cave, calling back, Better bring along that fish.
Justin looked over the late morning forest. A sudden weariness dragged at his bones, drawing them to earth. His head began pounding.
What am I doing here? he thought again as he hoisted the string of fish and stumbled after the kid.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN


The goblins had gathered enough sticks for a spit, which Justin set up for the fish. The kid found several half-full waterskins and muttered a charm over them to purify their contents. Justin sniffed at the mouth of one, then gulped and gulped until he thought he would burst.
Soon the mouthwatering smell of roasting fish replaced the lingering stink of the burnt goblin. Justins weariness had become a thick, enveloping medium through which he moved with great effort and little forethought. I feel terrible, he said, lying half-propped against a nearby rock.
Not surprising. Youve been drawing on the coin for hours. That is enough by itself to tax you, the kid responded as he passed his shadowy hand through the sacks. But you also ran many a ghastly mile amid the ironwoods. You witnessed the morning revels at their edge. And you fought a battle against goblin outlaws.
Psssh. It was hardly a battle.
Tell that to your body. The body is the one compass in all the worlds that always points true. It knows no difference between a minor skirmish and a months-long siege: if it is threatened, it will respond. The kid paused. I miss having a body. Somehow my judgment feels impaired without one.
You think? Justin said. Telling me to kill little goblin kids or whatever just for a place to sleep?
They were not children. They were outlaws. Thieves. Goblins do not come into possession of Ore in this quantity by any honest means. Besides, the kid continued reasonably, coming close to Justin, you killed none of them. The whole of your harm amounts to perhaps a permanent scar and some nights of bad dreams. And it was for more than a place to sleep, although in the wilds of the Realm, that is reason enough for battle.
You won us this, he said, dropping a chunk of shining stone into Justins lap.
Justin pushed himself clumsily up and bent over the offering, holding it out to catch the firelight. It was dark overall, and gritty, but a rainbow patina played over many of its parts. It looked like a chunk of peacock ore Justin had seen in an Earth Science class years ago.
What is it?
Ore.
I can see its ore. What kind?
Its not any ore. Its Ore.
Justin shot the kid a tired look. Okay, its Ore. So what.
Without this, there can be no coins.
Justin regarded the chunk in his palm again more thoughtfully. Oh.
Without the coins, there can be no Realm. Not as it has become. Not as I once ruled it . . . the kid said, letting the unfinished thought drift away with the woodsmoke.
What good is it to us, though? And why did the goblins have it? How come its strange they have this stuff?
The kid turned the spit before replying. It is exactly what we need. Theres enough here for my purposes and plenty to spare in trade. You are now a rich denizen of the Realm, dear hero! Tach and Tan have smiled on us from their steamy and blessed bed.
As for why the goblins had it, they stole it. Goblins are not paid in Ore, but in trinkets that better suit their predilections. They do not own coins but are issued them for various kinds of work. They are the lowliest of all the Realms folk, and so do not give great thought to matters of wealth or achievement. Instead, their bread and butter are gears and rods, with which they fashion toys and diversions. If they can finish them without being distracted by a new thought, a better design. They are a miserable people, all told.
The kid poked at a fish, removed it from the spit, and placed it atop a somewhat flat rock by the fire. Eat, my champion! Restore thyself.
Justin gingerly teased apart the steaming flesh and ate. After the trials of the past few hours, it was pure heaven in his mouth.
The kid watched Justins obvious pleasure. Another body-joy, eating. He sighed.
Swallowing a mouthful of succulent meat, Justin asked, How are you going to get a body again?
All in good time, Justin. All in good time. This Ore has opened the door wide, however. In the Realm, the elves say, Fortune never knocks on closed doors. The kid sat for a moment, turned toward Justin. Fortune knocked on a closed door today, however. For the leader of that filthy band. I tell you, Justin, she was not like the others.
So it was a she, Justin thought idly. Aloud, he said, I wouldnt know, but he had known from the moment he saw her emerge cautiously from the wood that a grave intelligence and purpose animated her every motion. The other goblins seemed little more than children.
She has gotten up to some trouble  witness this considerable quantity of Ore  and mark my words, she will get up to more.
Why didnt you kill her, then? Justin asked, irritated. Chuck a rock at her head or grab her leg and make her trip or something.
My weakness prevents me. I could not have affected the physical world that way in the sunlight. Here, in the dark of the cave, I have somewhat more of a presence. In any case, that one, though she makes me uneasy, cannot interfere with our plans. Once I have reestablished some control, she will be easy to hunt down.
What are our plans? Justin mumbled through a mouthful of fish.
Find some dwarves and commission a coin.
What?
I need a very special kind of coin made. One unlike any coin that has ever existed. To do this, we must find a dwarven craftsman of extraordinary ability. And we must gather some . . . unusual materials. We can hire the dwarves to help us in these endeavors, thanks to the Ore you recovered.
Justin swallowed. The Realm, Ore . . . whats with the generic words in this place? Will we run into a princess named Princess, a monster called Monster?
The kid moved toward the cave entrance and peered out into the full noon forest. Justin, you have no idea what makes up the Realm. Rest assured, youll find your Monster out there.
A thought came to him then and he laughed loudly. And the only princesses are elves, and I think youll find them somewhat lacking.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN


After Justin had eaten his fill and more  the coin, apparently, demanded its due of his body whenever he used its powers for extended periods  he lay back, propped his head on a waterskin, closed his eyes, and rested. He felt slightly ill from the extended use of the coin, but the kid assured him the coinsickness would pass with time.
To keep him from falling asleep, the kid regaled him with stories from his kingship: grand moonfeasts, sunchases, berrysnatching, woodharries, wild river romps. Justin had trouble following the logic of the kids tales, but gathered that these were all seasonal parties of one sort or another. They involved lots of food and pomp, and also sport, including blood sport. It seemed the folk of the Realm enjoyed watching animals, as well as each other, die.
Though hed read countless novels full of blood and guts, knights dying on the field and wizards blasting bones apart, somehow Justin found the kids stories unsettling. He caught himself squirming at a particularly vivid description of the quartering of a bulleen, whatever that was. He tried to change the subject.
So how were you deposed?
The kid was quiet for a long time. Justin peeked and saw that he hadnt left, but was sitting hunched by the fire. Finally, he said, That is a story I cannot tell just yet. It still burns in my breast like a brand.
They rested in silence after that, until the kid got up to check the time of day and decided they had best be off.
The kid had Justin rig up a hefty stick to place across his shoulders like a yoke. He tied the smallish bags of Ore along its length, then slung the largest waterskin around his front and headed back for the trail. Altogether, the Ore did not weigh that much, but he had nothing more voluminous than the goblin-sized sacks with which to carry it, and the kid was loath to leave any of it behind.
Even if we buried it, he said ominously, there are creatures who would sniff it out and dig it up. Creatures who devour Ore the way you downed that fish.
The rig was somewhat cumbersome, especially where the trail narrowed and Justin had to swing his torso sideways to maneuver through the crowding trunks. Strange birdcalls rebounded off the steep walls of the valley above them.
As they traveled upstream, past the point at which theyd descended from the ironwoods, Justin tried to recall what hed learned of erosion. Finally he asked, This brook used to be a glacier or something, right? Or at least a big river? The sides of this place are so steep, and they look like they once connected.
The kid paused. Aye, this used to be a great hill. A small mountain, even.
Was there a stream running at its top, that wore this all away?
The kid surveyed the brook, which ran more or less straight along its course. The sides of the valley were straight as well. No. Id say an ice giant did this.
An ice giant?
When it fell.
Justin paused in thought. The goblins did call this place Shinhammer Brook.
Well there you are! That means well be along to its body by and by, and where theres water, theres trade.
So wait  you dont know where were going?
Of course I do! Were going to a great big lake that used to be the body of an ice giant. Who died and fell and rent the land.
Justin looked up and down the corridor of the valley. A leg did this? he asked.
A giants leg, yes.
A giant fell here.
It happens.
Justin whistled in awe and heaved his load higher on his shoulders.
Well into the afternoon, they reached the great lake of which the brook was one outlet. Just short of the water, their deer path fed into a better-kept and wider trail, one with all manner of overlapping footprints stomped into the earth. That trail marched off along the gently curving edge of the lake, separated from it by a thin wedge of willows that stretched as far as Justin could see.
Where the brook flowed from the lake, a great mill sat below a spillway. A gigantic undershot waterwheel turned steadily in the splashing fall that became the brook waters.
The style of the mill was unlike anything Justin had ever seen  not that hed seen a mill in person, but all the pictures of mills showed squat, sturdy, practical structures. This one seemed like a Disney version of a mill, with elaborate carvings and swooping, curling eaves that covered its every surface. In one frequently repeated pattern, stylized waves pounded over each other and swirled around a central wheel, then transformed into a mass of bread loaves and pies that tumbled willy-nilly along the same trajectory as the waters. Even the paddles of the wheel bore an etching of cupped hands in thick, clean lines.
Though it was unpainted, different types of wood or different stains made the whole structure subtly colorful and pleasant to see. To complete the picture, a stone chimney protruded from the closest roof corner and fed a smooth stream of light gray smoke into the cloudless sky.
Ah, excellent! the kid cried. A flour mill. Theyll know the local tradesmen well here, rest assured.
He looked around and gestured for Justin to step back with him along the deer path, which was sheltered by foliage and not at all obvious from the main trail.
Take a few chunks of Ore in your pocket. Very small ones. This is valuable stuff, and dwarves are excellent hagglers, so be cautious.
What am I supposed to do? said Justin, suddenly nervous at the thought of meeting another of the Realms inhabitants. I mean, what if Im attacked or something  mugged? Can I fight back? Would that be all right?
Pssh. The kid waved away his questions. Youll be perfectly safe. Dwarves are forbidden from assaulting clients in their own establishments.
What happens if they do?
They turn to stone. Shuts them up, at least.
Oh-kay . . ." said Justin. So whats the plan now?
You will need something sturdy to carry all this Ore in. A good pack. See if theyve got anything likely theyre willing to sell. Some bread too, whatever and however much you think youll eat over the next few days or so. And finally, ask for information. Ask after the master coinsmith in the area. Get directions. Also, a good weaponsmith. Well need to outfit you for more demanding adventures quite soon, if were to acquire what we need for the coin I mean to have struck.
Justin nodded, absorbing it all. He hid the rest of the Ore sacks amid the shade of some bushes, where the kid could keep watch over them.
Finally, Justin asked, Anything else I need to know before I go in? Dwarf etiquette or whatnot?
Observe and then insult his wares. Hell get angry, youll get his attention, and youll give him an opportunity to exclaim over his superior craft. Act skeptical of his claims but dont insult again. Dwarves love to boast, in great detail, of their workmanship. And youd better leave the iron behind; that wont be taken as a friendly sign.
Right, Justin said. He thought, Here goes nothing. Wonder which one Ill get: Sleepy, Dopey, Grumpy, Doc?

CHAPTER SIXTEEN


As he approached the mill, Justin could hear, incredibly enough over the noise of the falls, a deep, rough yelling. He listened for a moment, but could make no sense of the noise, so he knocked on the magnificently decorated door.
After a moment, the door swung wide. What greeted him felt like a hammer of stony sound. Its relentless ferocity shoved him backwards a few steps before he recovered his senses enough to identify its source: a person half his height and twice his width, covered in carefully arranged and decorated chestnut hair, sporting a small nose ring that bobbed and glinted as the head swung back and forth dramatically. The front of its leathern clothing bulged at the chest and was covered with fine white flour. A leather belt that must have been half a foot wide bristled with all manner of tools and instruments, and as the person flung its arms about in potent yet cryptic gesticulation, Justin caught glimpses of colorful tattoos along the insides of the forearms.
It stopped and took stock of Justin, then began speaking wholly different sounds, full of breathy syllables that dropped off unfinished and delicate staircases of gliding vowels. The previous language sounded more like rocks cracking against each other at the bottom of a powerful river.
Im actually seeing a dwarf. A real, live dwarf, Justin thought, and his heart beat faster as his mind filled with a wild sense of wonder. How many times have I read about dwarves, and here one is right in front of me, breathing, talking  oh, right.
Justin shook his head and reluctantly left his reverie. Im sorry, but I have no idea what youre saying, he said.
The dwarf sucked in a gasp that came rushing out as a low whistle. An elf who speaks Goblin, is it? If I never saw it myself, Id never think it true.
Im no elf, Justin said. Just  my name is Justin.
He waited for the other to introduce . . . herself? Himself? Again, Justin was stymied in assigning a gender. The copious hair that streamed in braids, loops, and beaded nets from seemingly every inch of skin on its neck and head indicated a man, but the impossible bulging at its chest suggested a woman. Its eyes were quick and clear, and its voice rich and rough as a blues singers. Its arms were hairy, its fingers squat and tough as roots.
They stood staring at each other.
Ive a business to run, Justin. Big order from up north, the dwarf announced suddenly and turned to the mill.
Wait, uh, whats your name? Justin asked, stepping forward.
Ha! Youre no elfling indeed. We dont use real names in Goblin speak. Any bolebudded halfwit knows that much. The dwarf swung the mill door vigorously behind it, but Justin caught its edge before it could slam shut.
I have business with you! he protested.
The dwarf paused, then opened the door slowly. What you buying and what you selling?
Some bread, a sturdy pack if you have it, and information. And Ive got this in exchange. Justin produced the smallest nub of Ore from his pocket.
The dwarfs eyes flew open, sending a ripple of motion through the entire architecture of its hair. Welcome, sir! Be you goblin or fey, were open today! it boomed, and flung the door wide.
Justin entered the mill, which churned with noise and motion. The entire place was filled with clanking and whirring gears that transferred the force of the waters outside to several shafts, which in turn spun great, pitted wheels of stone atop each other, grinding out fresh flour into surrounding baskets. Goblins even smaller than the dwarf clambered throughout the works, sifting the flour into sacks, pouring fresh grain into holes bored through the millstones, and oiling the machinery.
In a corner, another dwarf sat at a desk with stacks of parchment, slowly reading and making marks on them with a quill pen. Tucked in another corner was a formidable oven carved, seemingly, from a single block of stone. It was sculpted into a great laughing dwarf face; in its mouth, a semicircular iron door closed off the main chamber. Dwarves stood at tables there, kneading dough and laying it in big dollops on flat, floured wooden trays, while goblins hooked the oven door open and drew out steaming brown loaves to cool on a nearby rack.
Justins stomach gurgled approvingly at the smell, and saliva gushed into his mouth. As they moved into the room, the workers cast strange glances his way and whispered among themselves. Justin felt a momentary chill when he looked at the goblins, but they seemed to be normal workers. Their clothes werent as nice, or even as complete, as those of the dwarves, but there was no discernible difference in their attitudes.
The dwarf shooed away the goblin from the desk and pulled out a well-used set of scales. Barter up, it said to Justin, and waited.
Justin looked at it, then at the scales. Barter . . ."
The dwarfs eyes widened again, then it laughed with such force Justin felt the floor vibrate. You are one for jests, sirrah! Jests us dwarf folk can appreciate, sure enough. I dont know where they bred such a fine, fatuous elfling as you, but theyd do well to bud some more!
Justin felt his pulse quicken. Listen, he said with a clenched jaw, Im not from around here. I really dont know what youre talking about. Im not an elf. Maybe I look like one. Just tell me what you want so we can get on with it.
The dwarf stopped laughing and squinted up at Justin thoughtfully. Nay, youre no elf. Theres something downright dwarvish about you, matter of fact. I can see it in the set of your face. Well, young laird of wherever-ye-crap, place your willing wares on the scale so I can judge their purity and worth. Then well see about my wares.
Justin hesitated, then took all the Ore from his pocket and dumped it into one pan of the scales. He could see fine etchings in the smooth bronze of the pan.
The dwarf carefully placed small weights in the other pan, then muttered, Trn.
The pan under the Ore began to glow, then grew brighter and brighter until its light was painful to behold. Batach! shouted the dwarf, and the light winked out.
Turning to the rest of the millworkers, some of who had stopped moving and variously covered their eyes or squinted in shock at the light, the dwarf bellowed, Back to it, mealworms! No grain Ive met grinds itself to flour!
As work resumed in the mill, the dwarf dragged a decrepit but clearly once-luxurious armchair over for Justin, then jabbed a finger at it. Justin sat down and the dwarf did likewise on the desks stool.
I have an apology as well as a scold for you, young laird. First, forgive me my rough manners. When a wayfarer comes knocking at the delivery doors, its usually for begging a crust or two. Second, none but wayfarers come knocking at the delivery doors! Why din you come across the lake to the storefront?
Justin looked around the room and spotted another open door leading to a lakeside room. Through it he could glimpse shelves and a counter piled with sacks and loaves. I  sorry. I just didnt know. I came up the trail and thought this was the right way in, is all.
The dwarf regarded him with naked curiosity now. Why was a wealthy elf walking, and from the Shinhammer?
Thats none of your business, Justin said with some heat. Lets just get to what I need from you.
The dwarf flung its hands up and said, Ach! Clearly an eccentric. Not to be argued with. Well, Redhead over there will see to your bread needs. Ill rummage in the stores for a pack. Then well see about your information.
They both stood and Justin reached for the Ore, but the dwarf laid a heavy hand on his arm. Ah, ah. No swappies.
How do I know you wont steal it when Im looking at bread?
Surely the laird knows the Commerce Law, the dwarf said. When Justin looked at it blankly, feeling more and more the fool, it said, The scales are spellbound. None but the owners may touch their contents.
Justin hesitated and the dwarf prompted, Go on. Take my weights.
When Justin reached for the weights, his fingers tapped against a surface like glass. He palmed it gingerly; it seemed to extend in a sphere around the pan with the weights. Justin reached for the Ore and could touch it easily.
What if I just knock the whole thing over?
The dwarf chuckled. Commerce Laws above the Law of Gravity. When it saw Justin was serious, it said, Well, the proofs in the pie, as they say. Go on, stick em in, burn your fingers.
Justin grasped the base of the scales and tried to jiggle them. They wouldnt budge. He put more strength into the motion: nothing. Then he drew his arm back, thinking to sweep them off the desk. He yelped with pain as his arm smacked into the metal to no avail; the scales might have been a block of granite.
The dwarf roared with laughter. A wealthy country elf out for a stroll, who don know the first thing about the Commerce Law! Glad I am to have lived this day.
Justin rubbed his sore arm and said, I told you, Im not an elf. You try to take my Ore. I want to see what happens.
Giggling, the dwarf reached for the Ore and tapped the invisible sphere surrounding it. Justin could hear little tinks like reverberating glass. Then, with a wicked gleam in its eye, the dwarf grabbed the scales base and shook it, growling. Nothing happened.
Commerce Law. Law of the Land. Powerful stuff. Youre clearly not from around here, I grant, the dwarf said. What, are there elves down south who dont mind grubbing in the dirt for Ore? Who dont know blink-all about the Law of the Realm?
The kid didnt tell me anything about this, Justin thought. Should I pretend to be an elf? How would I even do that? And whats with the Commerce Law and all that? Wearily, he said, Yeah, something like that. Can we just get on with this?
Triumphant, the dwarf shook a finger at Justin. I knew you were an elf! Got the look of one or Im a vale-lion turd. But why speak Goblin? Why travel alone? Wheres your fine cloak and mail? Your weapons? Why not a boat?
Jesus H. Christ flipping burgers, Justin thought with a flash of irritation. He slapped a hand loudly on the desk and said, No more questions. Lets just get on with it.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN


Apart from its machinery, the entire mill froze. Justin glanced around uncomfortably at the workers. They seemed variously awed, nervous, and greedily curious.
He turned back to face the dwarf, who looked somber as it regarded him through half-closed eyes. Time seemed to stretch as it did when he used the coin. Finally, the dwarf said, Yes, sir. Just a bit of chatter, is all. If youre satisfied with the protections of the Commerce Law, speak to Redhead there and Ill see about a pack.
Then the dwarf got up and moved across the room, flicking its fingers at the workers. They scrambled to pick up the slack, but a murmurous undertone of whispers wove its way through the heavy fabric of mill noise.
Justin walked over to the oven area. Two redheaded dwarves pounded and shaped dough on the large table, which was knee-high to Justin. Uh, which one of you is Redhead? he asked.
They glanced at each other. We dont know, said one. Boss never called us that before.
Fine, whatever, said Justin. He rubbed his face, then his hair, roughly in his hands. I need bread.
One of the dwarves wiped its hands on its apron, then beckoned Justin over to a cooling rack. It gestured to the many different loaves as it described them. Justin only took in half of what was said; he felt foolish and sullen, and wanted to leave as soon as possible. This isnt what I bargained for when I said Id be the kings hero. Insulted by dwarves like Im an idiot . . . what next?
Indifferently, he picked out three loaves and the dwarf started to wrap them in clean sacking. As it did so, it looked up shyly at Justin and asked, Young sir is a miner, then?
Justin blew out a half-raspberry. Sure. Yeah.
The dwarf flashed him a smile. So was my da, and my ma, and my mada, and my dama, and my damama, and my damamada. Im tunnel-trained myself, though Ive never mined.
Then why are you working in a mill?
The smile turned to a scowl. Young sir shouldnt jest about the mines.
It deftly finished tying the sacking together with twine, then thumped the load into his thighs and spun back to the table as Justin awkwardly pinned the package between arms and legs to keep it from falling. He gathered it up, looking at the redheaded dwarf, but it ignored him.
The young sir might take this haversack, if it please, the mill boss said behind him. Justin turned to examine a strong-looking canvas bag with leather shoulder straps and a belt that clipped around the waist. Yeah, thats fine, he said.
The young sir had also need of information?
Justin nodded, then followed the dwarf back over to the desk. They sat, and the dwarf stared at him impassively. Somehow the mood of the room had soured, and Justin didnt know how to right it.
I need to know where the best coinsmith in the area is. And a good blacksmith as well.
The dwarf opened its mouth wide, then shut it. It thought for a moment, then said, The coinsmith wont like to speak Goblin with an elf, as young sir prefers.
Believe me, I have no choice. Its not a preference.
The dwarf hesitated, then asked, And why is that, if I may be so bold?
Justin had given up resisting questions. The mill noise ground at his mind like a stone on grain, and he felt utterly out of his element. Because I only speak my own tongue, which is spoken nowhere in the Realm as far as I can tell, plus Goblin.
The dwarf glanced at the Ore in the pan. I propose something, young sir, it said.
Whats that?
I will perform the ritual of contamination with you, for a price.
What price? Justin asked guardedly.
The dwarf ticked off items on its fingers. For the bread, the sack, the information, the ritual . . . all the Ore in the pan.
Justin glanced at the Ore, then relaxed. It only amounted to a few pebble-sized chunks, after all. Sure, sounds good.
A murmur zipped through the room behind him. He caught several gasps amid the noise. The dwarf before him grinned as broadly and as warmly as when it first welcomed Justin into the mill. It spat into its hand, then held it palm out, fingers pointing to the sky.
All right, Justin thought. He spat into his own hand and pressed his palm to the dwarfs. This seemed to please the dwarf more than anything Justin had said or done thus far, and it began to hum to itself as it rummaged through the drawer. Finally, it produced an outsized pair of thick eyeglasses mounted on a semicircular frame, and a tattered, leatherbound pocketbook. It drew a short, bright knife from its belt.
Placing the eyeglass frame atop its head, so that the whole thing dropped snugly over its mass of decorated hair, the dwarf muttered and flipped through the worn pocketbook. It creased a page back and propped it on the desk, then slashed the back of one of its hands.
Dark blue blood welled in the cut, and the dwarf held it out for Justin to lick.
Inwardly sighing, Justin did so. It did not taste rancid like the goblin blood, although it shared the same coppery tang. The dwarf read the rituals words from the book, and Justin repeated, then spat the blood out on the floor.
Thats better now, yes? the dwarf said.
Justin felt his mouth move in slow, strong motions, as though he chewed something large and tough. It is. Thank you, he said, presumably in Dwarvish.
You are welcome, young sir. Now for the coinsmith. His name is Pyotr. Ill draw you a map to his place, though you might ask anyone along the way to direct you; hes well known in these parts. No coinsmith along the shores of Lake Badoom is better. Further on, toward Clan Baikas delvings, youll find your pick of weaponsmiths. Theyre all good round here, and advertise well. Pyotr keeps quiet; he mostly gets business from the elves. Theyll work with no other.
Justin nodded. Gotcha.
Is there anything else the young sir burns to know?
Just about everything, Justin thought. Every last thing about the Realm. Dwarves that dont mine? That chatter and gossip? Coinsmiths? But he said, Nope. I better get back on the trail.
He started to get up and the dwarf cleared its throat, nodding at the scales and the Ore they protected.
Oh, right. Justin scooped the Ore off the pan and laid it on the desk.
The dwarf clapped with something close to joy and said, Wait, wait, young sir, a toast to your health!
It kicked the side of a large drawer, which sprang open with a clicking of gears. A large crystal flagon lay on a tray inside, along with a collection of gold-rimmed crystal shot glasses. The dwarf poured two amber drinks, then raised its glass level with its nose, waited for Justin to do the same, and said, May precious stones spring from your bootprints!
Justin had tried whisky a couple of times with the guys, but couldnt stand its burn. After the days events, however, he felt like he needed a drink. Same to you, he said. They downed the shots, and Justin immediately began coughing, his insides aflame.
What! cried the dwarf, laughing once more. A country elf who cant stomach moondrop! Oh glad, glad am I to have lived this day!
Justin couldnt quite bring himself to agree.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN


As he left, breath rasping through his inflamed throat, Justin thought of one thing hed like to know from the dwarf.
Whats your name, by the way?
The mill boss paused in closing the delivery door. Svetla. Svetla the Comely, as Im known to most. The boss struck a pose, hip thrust out, one hand behind her head, one fondling her beard braids seductively. Fancy a toss?
Uh, no thanks.
Svetla roared with laughter. You never know with eccentrics! Dont fret now; youre not my type. Pleasure doing business.
With a resounding thump, the door closed, and Justin was left alone on the trail with the sound of the waters and a sinking sun. He took a few deep breaths of the cool riverine air, running over everything that had just happened in his mind. Dwarves . . . who bake?
That wild sense of wonder he felt when he first met Svetla rose in him again, but it eroded as he remembered his awkward handling of . . . everything else in the mill. He adjusted the straps of his pack, shook his head vigorously to clear out a lingering sense of ineptitude, and headed back toward the kid.
Took you long enough . . . what did you squeeze out of him, eh? the kid said as Justin hauled out the sacks of Ore and began stowing their hoard in the bottom of his pack.
More like what she squeezed out of me, Justin sighed. You didnt tell me about the Commerce Law, and dwarf etiquette, and all that stuff. I looked like a complete jerk.
Commerce Law? But Justin, I had no idea that was still in effect! the kid cried.
What do you mean?
I made that law! I set the spellbinding in motion at a great balanced rock by a great and ancient crossroads. I wouldve thought the rock had toppled over by now, but I suppose it is still used to regulate trade throughout the Realm. He paused, and his voice turned gleeful. But this is a marvelous development! It means the peoples are still bound by the same customs, at least when it comes to commerce . . . now, wheres the rest of the Ore?
Its all here, Justin said, patting his pack.
No, I mean what you took along to trade. How far were you able to haggle her down? Did you insult her wares?
Justin looked skeptically at the kid. I wasnt able to haggle her down. She took all the Ore.
What? That . . . that was a minor fortune you walked off with! the kid half-shrieked.
Justin blinked in the face of the shadows anger, and his lingering sense of failure redoubled. Well, its gone now. I  Im sorry. But we have lots more, dont we?
The kids shadow body seemed to fragment as it shot up through the bushes and along a perimeter of trees. Justin just watched the shadow flit from trunk to trunk until it came to rest again in front of him.
No, I . . . am sorry, the kid said quietly. I see my error. It is hard for me to think of how you must see the Realm, what you must assume about it. I suggest that the next time you face any uncertainty about my kingdom, you take counsel with me before acting. What you did today was foolish, but it does not threaten our plans. As you say, we do have plenty of Ore remaining.
Justin nodded, but he felt slightly resentful. He still blames me, even though he didnt tell me about dwarven manners, or the Commerce Law, or being mistaken for an elf and all that. And about the mines, whatever that means.
Did you get the information we need? the kid continued.
Yeah. Even a map to this coinsmiths place. Justin pulled it out of a pocket and related his whole encounter with Svetla to the kid.
A ritual of contamination? Well, that is worth something, anyway. Not the whole of the Ore you lost, but at least part of it was well spent. I was wondering where wed acquire some dwarf blood . . ."
I have a couple of questions, Justin said.
They can wait for the trail. The sun is low, and the woods of the Realm are no place to be at night. The kid arose and stepped behind Justin. I will pretend to be your shadow. We can converse this way if there are no prying ears about.
Justin hefted the full pack, now easily thirty pounds, and took the coin and the tire iron in his hands.
Uff. How long do you think itll be to the coinsmiths?
The map does not say, but that is not surprising. Dwarves are no great travelers. When they must travel, their endurance is such that they simply go all the way they need to. Talking all the while, or bickering, more likely. Now hold still.
A strange sensation tickled Justins heels. There, the kid said. Onward!
As Justin started walking, he felt more resistance against his legs, as though he were slogging through water. The Ore at the bottom of the pack jabbed its rough edges into the small of his back. For the hundredth time that day, the thought came to him: What the hell am I doing here? But a resurgent wave of excitement, of sheer wonder at seeing mere fantasies come to life, quieted the question with all the answer he needed then.
To compensate for the extra effort of hauling the Ore, he drew on the coins warmth. Energy danced along his bones and filled his limbs, and he moved down the path at a steady clip. He munched on a loaf of bread as he walked; it was delicious, crusty on the outside and moist and warm in the middle.
Nobody could be seen on the trail as far as Justin could scan with his enhanced vision. He headed northeast, taking in a stunning view of the sun reflected in the vast lake. Sunshards of red, orange, yellow, peach, and gold flicked gently on the wavelets, while the purpling sky above gave way to a crisp royal blue. The first stars were just arriving.
Svetlas map had him take the trail past several landmarks, including the establishments of other dwarves, before a side-trail broke southeast just past a willy oak, whatever that was. Svetla had assured him he wouldnt mistake it, it was a great gnarled wolloping beastie of a tree, but as they moved up the trail, Justin saw many ancient, knurled trees that might just as well fit that description.
So, my questions, Justin said, then more loudly, Can you hear me back there?
From a short distance behind him, the kid replied, Yes. The coin helps me; you neednt shout.
All right, all right. So, first off, the dwarf  Svetla  she just kept asking me question after question. Kept insisting I was an elf, but if I was an elf, how come I only spoke Goblin, and wasnt dressed in armor, and came from the south, and on and on and on. I guess the elves come down the lake on boats to visit these places.
Anyway, she got mad, all cold and formal, started calling me sir, when I told her I just wanted to get down to business. No more questions. Whats up with that? I thought dwarves were all about business, and making money. They arent supposed to talk much at all.
And where exactly did you get this impression?
I dunno. Fantasy books. Movies. You know.
Have any of the writers of those things been to the Realm?
Justin thought about it. Well, is there any way to get into the Realm without magic powers? That elf rope or whatever you used?
The Realm sits behind all worlds, as Ive told you. It is inevitable that passages open between it and them.
Then I guess somebody might have gotten here before. But they probably didnt write a book about it.
So your knowledge of dwarves is spurious. They are terrific talkers, and that is how they conduct business. It is usually a long and harrying game of words, a careful exchange of assertion, counterassertion, insult, counterinsult, and so forth, until a price is worked out. That price might have more to do with rhetorical skill or force of personality than the value of the goods. The whole affair they call rotha, and they seem to like it nearly as much as they like making things in the first place. I had hoped you would put the dwarf on the defensive by insulting her offerings, though I didnt expect you to hold your own in the ensuing haggle.
Gosh, thanks.
In any case, you did insult her, truly, by brushing aside her inquiries. You are an unusual specimen, after all.
But how could anyone mistake me for an elf? Im wearing jeans and a t-shirt.
You have their build and some of their features, though youre much uglier. And you carry yourself with some of their swagger.
Justin opened his mouth to protest, then closed it. Well, whatever. So the dwarf also called me an eccentric.
The kid chuckled. And well she might.
What did she mean?
Most elves cleave to a very narrow range of fashion and manners. They claim theres infinite variety within this range, but to everyone else, the elves appear identical.
Oh. So jeans and a t-shirt arent within that range, I take it.
Correct. Occasionally  very, very occasionally  an elf is born who opts for a different style, or a different kind of life. These are the eccentrics, and they are objects of much curiosity to the Realmfolk. The elves despise them, of course, but depending on the nature of their eccentricity, they might do well living among the other Realmfolk.
By now the sun was half under the stained glass of the lake. Justin caught glimpses of the spectacle through the screen of willow running along the shore. The sky had begun to shift to slate gray and sleepy lilac, and behind them, the night sky was slowly turning brilliant with clouds of stars.

CHAPTER NINETEEN


A sudden shock rippled through Justin, setting his heart pounding. Wait a minute  the sun is setting to the north! he said. He stopped and whirled around, then fumbled the map out of his pocket with his coin hand.
Yeah, were heading north-northeast, so the lake runs pretty much north-south. Thats north! He jabbed the tire iron at the bloated red mass of the drowning sun.
Ah, yes. Very good, Justin! I knew I had chosen well when I gave you the coin.
Somehow, this basic . . . wrongness about the world unleashed a pulse of panic inside Justin. He realized on a gut level that he was truly in another world, on another planet or in another dimension or something, and not just traipsing through a fantasy reflection of Earth. This led to the disquieting thought that Earth might be as peripheral, as trivial to the scheme of the universe as a chunk of passing space rock.
Feeling a slight vertigo riding the edge of his swelling panic, Justin turned around to face the kid, who lay flat on the ground as his shadow. Momentarily disconcerted by the sight of the kids long, distorted figure  the low sun stretched all shadows  he said, When the hell were you going to tell me that?
That Id chosen well?
No, that the sun is in the wrong place! I mean, thats pretty basic, dont you think? What else is different about the Realm? Am I going to turn into a mushroom if I breathe the air? Is this Ore radioactive or something?
Justin, the position of the sun is hardly 
Its a basic fact about the world! Justin shouted, flinging his arms wildly in anger. The Realm is not my world! And you make it sound hella dangerous! I need to know all the basic facts about this place if you expect me to survive, much less help you win your crown back or whatever! Aagh!
He threw the tire iron onto the trail and tore free of the pack, then stomped off through the undergrowth toward the lake.
He could tell from the slight tugging at his heels that the kid was still attached to him. Good, Justin thought, let him get dragged around a bit. See how he likes not being in control of anything!
When he reached the shore, he threw himself into a nest of willow roots; old fronds were piled high between them. He slumped against the cool trunk and stared at the red and black waters. His face burned and his heart pounded in his sweating palms.
The call of roosting birds drifted to him from the forest at his back. Along the curve of the shoreline, he saw lamps flicker into life here and there amid the trees.
Am I just dreaming all this? he wondered silently. Is this some fever dream or nightmare? Did I ever even play that football game? Did I help get Matthias beat up? The whole of his life since that moment seemed utterly unreal to Justin; it felt like he had tripped and stumbled into a hole, and now he was simply falling and falling, unable to catch hold of anything, not even knowing which way was up. The humiliation, the fear, the uncertainty of his first day in the Realm all crowded up together in his skull, and he felt the pressure start to force tears from his eyes.
After a time, the kid spoke. I have erred again, I see. I will return you to your own world and seek another champion.
Justin wiped the tears from his face and said, Maybe. He thought about going back, back to the shuttered warehouse with its gruesome contents, back to his car, to his home, to his mother coming home from work, to the phone call from Coach, to the isolation and resentment of his former teammates as they shouldered past him in the halls and snickered at his back. To the stony faces of Matthias and the other Math Club members. Justins stomach cramped up and he felt sweat break out all over his body.
He said, No. Dont.
Dont?
I . . . cant go back yet. The Realm is dangerous and all, and I have a lot to learn, but . . . I just cant go home now. It would be too much.
The kid considered this. So what are we to do?
Justin turned to face the kid, whose outlines were now lost in the thickening gloom. You did make a mistake, but it wasnt bringing me here. It was not telling me enough about your kingdom. Its too much to handle, all right? First the ironwoods, then the goblins, the dwarves, and now the sun isnt even in the right place. And were on the trail at sunset, after all the warnings youve made about the dangers of the wilds . . ."
The kid sounded irritated. Very well. I see your point. I am sorry, but weve had no real chance to rest and talk. You know you carry a fortune in Ore in that pack, but you dont realize how great a fortune it is. It could be used to forge coins for an entire army! Just imagine: an army of champions! The kids voice rose in elation. Luck, nay, fate is at work for me  for us  in these matters. With that Ore, we could take the entire overkingdom in hand! And thats my point: we need to reach a safe haven as quickly as possible. The Ore is not safe out here. So Ive pushed you and pushed you, though I swear I have not exaggerated the real dangers of the Realm.
So if youre feeling better, I suggest we move as quickly as we can to the coinsmiths. He sounds important enough to have a guesthouse or three.
Justin stood, but before he moved back to the trail, he demanded, Once we reach there, you tell me everything I need to know about the Realm. Everything.
The kid replied soberly, Yes, Ill tell you everything you need to know.
Back at the trail, Justin fumbled in the gloom for his pack and tire iron, then moved onward with coin-powered steps.

CHAPTER TWENTY


Justin welcomed the first moonrise, for it lit the trail and was more or less the tone of the moonlight at home. The craters were evenly spaced on the half-lit surface that he could see, however, which was somewhat disturbing.
The second moonrise took his breath away: it was twice as big and covered with bloody splotches. The commingled light of the two moons limned everything with a weird red-and-blue that sometimes blended into purple, and sometimes just flickered back and forth as though Justin were peering through an old set of 3D glasses.
The third moonrise stopped him in his tracks. It was a not a proper moon, but a long gash of rounded moonlets, some casting off a light green glow and some dark. It looked like a gangrenous cut in the flesh of night.
What is that? he blurted.
The kid, who had detached himself from Justins heels to roam around and reconnoiter in the dark, called from somewhere ahead, Tanatl. Or was. Its the Shards of Tanatl now.
Tanatl?
Field of Tan in the Old Tongue. Where the goddess frolicked before her brother bedded her.
Her brother?
Yes, Tach. That red one, the big one, thats Tachlann.
Lawn of Tach?
Table of Tach. More precisely, the feast table used ceremoniously after a great victory.
Justin stared at the odd moonscapes. Something about them made him queasy. Did Tach do that to the Field of Tan?
The kid chuckled. Tach and Tan dont exist. The Realmfolk think they do, and hold rituals in their honor and so forth, but theyre just myths.
So what happened to the green moon?
What might happen to you if we dont move quickly. I promise, Ill explain more once were safe.
Wonderingly, and with great unease, Justin sped along the trail, now colored weirdly with competing moonhues.
On either side of them would pass the occasional dwelling, tucked away among the trees and, to the east, gently rising hillocks. All Justin could glimpse of them were lights through their windows, and often he heard a muffled music or singing, or shouting. The trail was entirely empty.
After an hour or so at a considerable pace, Justin paused to pull out the map. The willy oak should be around here somewhere, he murmured, counting off the crossroads, side trails, and other landmarks on the map that he was pretty sure theyd passed. Kid, could you look ahead a bit and see? Kid?
There was no answer. Justin held up his coin and spoke into it. Kid, can you hear me? Where are you?
A faint voice drifted from the coin. Ahead. Ive found your willy oak.
Justin jogged down the trail until a great moon-painted bulk emerged from the forest to his right.
Here, the kid said from the middle of the trail, just as Justin was about to run through him.
That does look like a . . . willy oak. I guess? said Justin. The drawing on the map was rough, but conformed in spirit to the eruption of limbs, branches, and trunks that made up the tree. It didnt look much like an oak to Justin, but he was getting a bit more used to not having any reliable points of reference.
So a side trail should split off just around the north side, and curve around to its east side. Lets go.
As Justin moved toward the tree, he heard a cry of pain from the kid behind him. He turned.
I  cant move! the kid said. He was splayed out against an invisible wall like the shadow of a mime.
Whats going on? Justin asked, jogging back to the kids side.
Im all right, I think, said the kid. But I am prevented from following you past that tree. How, I do not know. The kid pressed his hands along the invisible barrier and walked sideways, following its slight curvature toward the woods around the willy oak. There he was stopped once more.
These woods are protected somehow, but only from me . . ." he mused.
Is this from when you were exiled, maybe?
The kid scoffed. That, as Ive said, was a long time ago. Matter of fact, I doubt anyone living in the Realm today remembers my rule.
Wait, so how are we going to put you back on the throne? Surely theres another king or ruler of some kind who runs things.
The kid laughed outright at that. None that could claim my throne. No, I think this is rather a charm against spirits of all sorts  insubstantial persons like myself. It wouldnt do to have a spirit spy hanging around when youre negotiating a coin commission. Mustnt let your clients privacy be violated. No, this is likelier some addendum to the Commerce Law.
Nevertheless, its bothersome, the kid sighed. Lets see if I can slip in with you as your shadow.
Okay.
They went back to the middle of the trail and Justin felt that odd sensation running along his heels again. Go on, prompted the kid.
Justin moved toward the side trail once more. As he approached the willy oak, he began to feel more and more uneasy. The tree seemed to scrutinize him somehow; he imagined a great, searching hand prodding the air around him, poised to peel his body away and expose his naked soul. The force of the sensation gave him pause, but the kid whispered, no doubt feeling the same baleful groping, Press on! Press on! It is rooted and cannot follow you!
Justin swallowed hard and drew on the coin. Even so, his muscles felt drained, or the air had turned to mud. He pushed harder than he ever had before in his life, gritting his teeth and clenching his fingers around his weapon and the coin until his fingernails bit into his own flesh.
Slowly, he moved up to the very trunk of the monstrous tree. The urge to stop, to fall to the ground and remain pinned there, was overwhelming. Justin squinted and bared his teeth with the effort of moving forward. His head pounded; his very blood seemed like it wanted to expose itself to the searcher, spurting from his body in relieved surrender.
Justin focused on single steps: one step left, one step right. One step left. One step right.
He forgot what he was doing, why he was there, who he had been before this deadly, unrelenting pressure. He became a stepper and nothing more. One step. One step.
After what felt like hours, days, of this tortured labor, the pressure began to lessen. Justin felt himself gasping for air. He leaned against a tree and looked around him. Hed made it past the willy oak and up the narrow track that could scarcely be seen in the shadow play of a forest lit by three moons. The searching pressure was upon him still, however, and he concentrated on coaxing all the coins power into his body.
You still there? he asked the kid through gritted teeth.
Mmm-hmm, the kid murmured. I feel flat and lifeless as an actual shadow, however. We must move on.
Yeah, Justin grunted, and somehow, he did.
By the time he reached a great stone door seemingly carved from the living rock at the base of a hill, he was drenched in sweat and his calves and lower back protested with every movement. Some sigil or coat of arms crowned the door, and four softly glowing gems set within it illuminated the area in front of the entrance. Unlike the forest path, it was set with joined paving stones and neatly swept.
There was no doorknob or knocker Justin could see. A chased metal handle protruded from the side of the door at about waist height.
What do I do? Justin panted. He wanted to fall to the stones and sleep and never wake.
I dont know, hissed the kid. His voice was alarmingly distorted. Think.
Justin tried whacking the stone door with his tire iron, striking sparks. He leaned on the stone and waited for some result. After a few agonized minutes, he dropped the iron with a resounding clatter and stumbled, grabbing the metal handle to stop his fall.
To his surprise, he pulled it smoothly from the stone, and fell anyway.
The handle was attached to a chain, and lying on his back Justin watched it with a mixture of fascination and dread as the chain slowly withdrew into the hole, dragging the handle back up with it. Soon it had returned to its original position.
Not long after that, the door swung outward on soundlessly oiled hinges. Two lightly armored goblins emerged and looked around; each held a bronze-tipped short spear at the ready.
When they spotted Justin, one darted back into the hillside. The other stooped beside him and said, Whats be business?
Im here . . . for a coin . . . commission, Justin gasped.
No news of a commission, the goblin said with suspicion. Why you lying like that? You attacked?
Cant tell him about the tree, Justin thought. It would give the kid away. I have traveled far today. From the ironwoods, he added. 
The goblin stepped back into a crouch and set his spear. Nobody goes there, it said. He peered more closely at Justin. Be you elf?
Its . . . complicated.
By then a larger contingent of figures had gathered at the doorway. A rumbling, slow, smooth voice, like the voice of a glacier sliding unperturbedly over the land, said, Bring him in, lads. Hes about to faint.
As though waiting for permission, Justin did just that.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE


When he awoke, he found himself snugly wrapped in a comfortable bed. Lamplight glowed against the low, smooth-hewn rock ceiling. He could hear nothing at first, then the sound of his own heart and breath grew to fill his attention. It was like the time hed stood by the shore of a frozen lake up north, when hed been invited to stay in the cabin John Ss family owned. Hed awakened before everyone else, and somehow compelled by the glittering, perfectly still snowscape, had trudged out and down to the edge of the ice, gazing across the vast, beautiful waste where nothing could possibly have ever lived. The silence seemed like a heavy, pure word that underlay all of existence, a word that gradually faded behind the drumming of his own insistent blood.
He was not freezing now, however, but deliciously warm. When he tried moving, his body felt like one giant bruise.
Justin groaned and struggled with the covers. Something moved in the corner of his vision and then the kid perched on top of him, crouching on his haunches by the look of his outline.
Shh! the kid whispered. Dont get up just yet.
Justin relaxed, flopping his head back onto his pillow. A whiff of some herbal scent drifted around his face.
Youve been asleep for hours. Dead still. They had to drag you in, and it was near impossible for me to follow along convincingly. Fortunately, they were more concerned with your welfare than that of your shadow.
Thass a good sign, Justin mumbled. Even his jaw and tongue were worn out, somehow.
Indeed, but your shadow remains a problem. The willy oak exerts some powerful influence over the track leading here, one that is expressly designed to keep out insubstantial persons. I think you are so weary because the oak sensed my presence about you and tried to get at me through you. Beating the maiden for grandams folly, as they say.
Urgh-hurh, Justin agreed. He had no idea what the saying was supposed to mean, but was too wiped out to care.
The oaks power doesnt extend into this place, however. I can move about freely, and you are clearly recovering from your ill treatment.
Clearly, Justin groaned.
But I must confine myself to your room while were inside  there are too many people, too many varied light sources and shadows, for me to remain undetected. Thats all well and good, so long as we can confer privately and I can advise you through the coin you already possess.
Justin clenched his hands. No coin. Wherza? he said in alarm, and started to rise.
Shh, shh. Its fine. Over in the dresser there. Ive kept watch, and I can sense when its close anyway. They put your weapon in there as well, quite gingerly. The Realmfolk cant bear much of iron, as you know.
Uhn. Justin flopped back into the outrageous comfort of the bed.
So, I will stay hidden in the shadows under your bed while were here. Its entirely undignified, but I have endured far worse treatment in the course of my exile. Before you leave the room, however, we must discuss what you will tell them. You wont be able to converse with me through the coin in front of them, of course, so you must know what to say, say it convincingly, and convince this master coinsmith to accept this commission. He seems to be quite wealthy, and what I managed to see of the coinworks here leads me to expect he has his pick of commissions. We must make sure he picks ours!
The kid slapped a hand almost soundlessly on the coverlet.
So whadda-a say? Justin asked.
Tell the truth. It is often stranger and less suspicious than a lie. You are a Wanderer from another world and have turned to adventure in the Realm. You were brave and wily enough to acquire your fortune in Ore  again, never fear, its by the dresser, they never even looked in your pack  and also a mysterious recipe for a coin of great power. You want this Pyotr to make that coin for you.
What recipe?
The one I will relate to you, once you finally drag your carcass to the writing desk, Slug-a-Bed!
Justin barely had the energy to rise, much less the energy to protest; hadnt the kid just told him to take it easy? He staggered across the room and slammed into the desk before he managed to tug the chair away and drop into it. At the kids direction, he laid out a sheet of rough paper, uncorked a bottle of ink, and took a dark-feathered quill in hand.
His motor functions werent up to speed, however, and he scrawled over and blotched the page badly.
Damn the Fates, I thought as much, the kid muttered. Justin, you must let me control your hand for this task.
Whaddya mean? Justin said.
Get the coin from the dresser.
Once Justin had reseated himself, the kid said, Now place the coin smooth side down on the back of your writing hand. You must hold it there with your free hand. I will channel my will through the coin, and you must accept it into your hand.
Uhh, all right, Justin said, but he felt a growing unease about the whole prospect. Will it hurt?
Pssh, not a bit!
Justin did as the kid described, quill in hand, and waited. A concentrated point of pressure seemed to well up from the center of the coin and weigh down his writing hand. At first, Justin felt alarmed by it and unconsciously resisted.
The kid hissed at his ear, Just relax!
That doesnt help! Justin said in return.
A distant noise from beyond the closed door of the room froze both of them in place momentarily.
Okay, okay, Justin said. He breathed deeply a few times and pictured the most relaxing thing he could think of at the moment: the in-ground swimming pool at Brodys house. The team spent nearly half their summers there, lounging around, grilling, playing water polo, showing off their lats and biceps to the group of girls whose members constantly rotated, week by week.
He thought of that perfect heat, that perfect cool, that perfect, endless time.
The pressure slid into his hand and suddenly, the hand began to write briskly on a fresh sheet. Its penmanship was brilliant, full of bravura flourishes and flowing grace. He couldnt read the characters, but he could feel a distant sort of satisfaction as each word was completed. It was exhilarating but also incredibly weird  disturbing, even  for Justin to watch his own hand perform this way. He could feel the sensations of the pen, the paper, and the ink, but he had no control over the precise executions he watched unfold before him.
Just about when Justin started to feel oddly detached, as though not only his hand but his entire body wasnt truly his, and he just an arbitrary observer of events, the page was complete. The sense of pressure in his hand ebbed out of it, and he flexed his fingers and held his arm up to the light, turning it back and forth.
Weird, Justin said. Can you do that for other parts of the body? For, like, the whole body?
Yes, the kid replied. But never without consent, and never without direct contact with the coin.
Huh. The thought of becoming entirely dispossessed of his body, like a passenger trapped on a runaway train, sent a shiver down Justins spine. Good to know, I guess . . ." he faltered. The kid stood still for a moment, not speaking, then flitted over to the door. He slowly poked his head through the wood, then withdrew.
Theres a goblin guard at the end of the hall. Your hosts will probably want to know where you journeyed from, and why you were such a wreck.
You just stuck your head through the door! Justin said.
So?
Justin thought for a minute. So why did I have to drag you through the willy shield or whatever? You couldve just come up the back way and dropped straight through the hill. So whyd I have to go through all that?
The kid chuckled. There really was no other way. Spirits can move through the material world, true, but its difficult. They cant pass through living flesh, for instance. Theyd face the danger of losing themselves in the process, getting stuck in anothers consciousness and body.
But the hill isnt alive! Justin stared at the kid, who was silent. Is it?
Remember, Justin, the Realm is not like your world.
Gingerly, Justin put his hand to the carven rock ceiling. Can it feel me? he wondered. Probably no more than I could feel a tapeworm in my gut. He jerked his hand back at the thought.
Justin, focus! Take the recipe with you, and insist that Pyotr take the commission. Offer him a third of the Ore, including whats required to strike the coin. No dwarvish coinsmith could resist that.
Justin felt like a skipping disc. All he could respond with were questions, questions, questions. So far, this adventure was an obnoxious series of humiliations for him, not a grand quest that demanded a hero. Still, he was exhausted, ravenous, and now trapped inside a potentially living pile of rock, and the kid still hadnt made good on his promise by the lake.
When are you going to tell me everything I need to know about the Realm? Justin demanded, trying not to sound merely crabby.
Later, later! Do you think we can talk as long as we like here in this room while your hosts wonder just who you are and why youve come to them? Get the commission first, then I promise you well talk. We mustnt lose their good graces by delaying.
Justin clenched his jaw. Delay, delay, delay. Thats all Ive gotten from you, kid. Maybe the right information at times, but long after it wouldve been useful. Still, he couldnt see a way to argue with the kids point.
He patted over his clothing for pockets and noticed for the first time that he wore a simple beige tunic and breeches. His own clothes were nowhere in sight, and not in the dresser. Great, he thought. Now I look like a serf. Or Luke Skywalker.
Justin folded up the recipe and crammed it into the pack, then found and donned a pair of leather sandals by the door. As the kid tucked himself into the shadows under the bed, he said, One last, important thing: you must not mention me or my kingdom. Theres no telling whos a potential ally at this point, and who still carries the flag of the old revolution in his heart.
Thats easy enough. But wish me luck on the rest of it, Justin replied.
One dim hand emerged from the darkness to wave him on. You wont need it, Justin. I know youre a hero, the kid whispered.
Here we go with the hero crap again, Justin thought. Still, the words sparked something small and warm inside him, and he stepped into the hall with his head up and his back straight.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO


The goblin guard didnt speak, probably assuming Justin was an elf, and therefore incapable of speaking Goblin. When he noticed Justin approaching, he bowed deeply and slowly, but would not make eye contact. The series of tunnels he led Justin through were gently lit with amber-colored crystals set in geometric patterns in the ceiling. Some of them radiated heat as well, and Justin felt comfortable even in his loose, thin clothing. Short side halls ended in doors much like the one leading to Justins room, and for a second, Justin wished hed marked his somehow or thought to create a mental map of the tunnels.
They emerged into a chamber somewhat bigger than Justins house. Several tunnel mouths fed into the room, which was lit by a brilliant silver chandelier set with slowly turning crystals that gleamed. Low tables and cushioned benches clustered here and there under the sparkling cascade.
A figure stood up from one of these as they entered. Justin gaped.
She was human, though she dressed as a dwarf, in tooled leather work gear and a swirling, golden-red cloud of hair sprinkled with long, beaded braids. She stood about as tall as Justin, and her bare arms were about as muscular as his own. Apart from a slightly bulbous nose, she was also quite beautiful. She nodded to the guard and said, Any trouble?
Not a bit, miss, the goblin responded.
Why would I be any trouble? Justin blurted in Goblin. I came to see Pyotr about a job. Im no criminal!
They both turned to stare at him. Smiling slightly, the human  the woman  said, I was asking whether our accommodations had given you any trouble, sir.
Oh, uh, yeah, Justin said. His face burned and he felt sweat start to trickle down from his armpits. Wonder if they have deodorant in the Realm, he thought as he groped for more words. Yeah, everything seems to be  to be  in order. I guess. I am hungry, he said, fidgeting with the pack strap on his shoulder. And thank you for the room, he added. But also  where are my clothes?
Youre wearing them, the woman said.
No, my clothes. The ones I came in with.
Your travel kit? Filthy. Getting cleaned. Now if youre ready, the Master will see you over supper.
Uh, sure. I want to see him. Definitely, Justin jabbered. Inside, he roiled with more questions: What was another human doing here? And dressed like that? She could probably beat me at arm wrestling on top of it all . . . 
Glad were all agreed. Solt, youre dismissed. Ill handle him from here.
The goblin bowed and retreated. The woman pointed to a tunnel behind her. Right this way, sir, she said, then started off.
Justin had to stop himself from grabbing her arm and pouring out his confusion. The kid had said that wanderers sometimes find their way into the Realm, he thought. Was she one of them?
The tunnel curved slightly as they walked. Justin caught himself staring at the coppery spill of the womans hair down her broad back. Precious stones and dyed leather trinkets were interwoven throughout it, and it looked silken to the touch . . . 
Justin nearly ran face first into it; the woman had stopped and was looking over her shoulder at him. I said, does Sir prefer the Goblin tongue or Dwarvish?
Concentrating, Justin spoke in Dwarvish. Whatevers easier. I guess Dwarvish is easier for you?
She shrugged, sending a luscious ripple through her tresses. Her eyes were distant and professional, but a hint of amusement played at the corners of her mouth. My ease is of no concern. It is the young sirs preference.
Justin could only say, Ah.
As they walked on, she said, Sirs travel kit is unusual, if I may say so. The tunic is too thin, but the leggings are unlike any Ive seen. Thick and tough, cunningly crafted. Might I ask whose design they are?
Justin stifled a snicker. Levis.
The woman cocked her head. Is Levi from your own land? I know all the makers around here, and Ive not heard of him.
Yeah, hes from my land. Far, far away. Just over the rainbow, second star from the right, you know.
The woman laughed, a surprisingly delicate sound for her frame. Sir speaks in riddles. Or nonsense.
Charmed by the sound, Justin felt a bit bolder. Take your pick, he said. I dont quite know where my own land is at the moment, to be honest. But you should know something about it . . ." he stopped as she turned to face him with a quizzical expression. Right?
Sir, I am in my own land. I know nothing of other places.
But you  youre  Justin faltered, then summoning a burst of courage, he finished the thought. Youre the first human Ive seen in the Realm! You know, human, like me!
A hooded look passed over her eyes. In the amber light of the ceiling gems, her green irises positively glowed. I dont know what Sir means, she said in a lower tone.
Look, everyone here seems to think Im an elf lord or something. Im not, though. I havent even met an elf yet, but Im sure I dont really look like one. Im human, from Earth, and so are you, I swear!
A rumbling, rough voice tumbled out from behind the woman. Hes no elf is sure, isnt it, Tatiana? You should know, you washed him. Got a good look at the bud, eh? Some chortling followed the voice.
The woman turned, and Justin realized theyd reached another door that had opened as they stood there.
Stas, not in front of our guest, she said with an edge in her voice.
How about behind? You said hes got one worth knowing, after all! The chortling exploded into guffaws.
The woman darted a flushed, angry look back at Justin and stepped into the room, pushing past a group of three dwarves who lounged around the entryway, slapping each others backs and snorting.
The smooth, glacial voice Justin had heard before hed passed out by the front door issued from within the chamber. Stas, Ignat, Mikhail. Elf or not, hes still our guest. And a client, perhaps?
The dwarves backed off from the door, still chuckling. Justin had no idea what to feel. The woman had . . . washed him? And made some joke about his behind to these guys? What the hell was a bud?
If you please, sir, the woman called to him in icy tones. The table is set.
As Justin moved into the room, he saw it was very cozily decorated, with murals of glowing gems set into the walls that depicted dwarves at work: in mines, at forges, and, more surprisingly, by great fields and lakes. The bare rock floor was covered with thick-furred animal skins Justin didnt recognize. A large, delicately styled bureau sat in one corner, and a small, empty stage occupied another.
And in the middle of the room sat the largest table Justin had ever seen. Dozens of chairs ran along its length; it might have seated fifty or more. But nearly all of these were covered with some sort of dust jacket made of rough cloth, and the dark grain of the table was somehow melancholy in its sprawling nakedness.
At the far end stood a small group, waiting for him.
As he approached, Justin felt more and more nervous. The solemn length of the disused table seemed so heavy, so grim.
A black-haired dwarf wearing thick-lensed eyeglasses, again mounted on a tri-ribbed frame, bowed to Justin. I am Pyotr, master of this smithy, he rumbled. These are my submasters, Stas of process, Ignat of materia, and Mikhail of alloys. They were rude to you just now and will apologize.
Justin looked at each in turn: Stass cheery features and merry, blue eyes were framed by an explosion of bushy, bright red hair, and he seemed not to tend much to his beard; Ignat peered at Justin with heavy-lidded, suspicious eyes deep-set above a bulging nose, and all his black hair, beard included, was carefully contained in slick braids; while Mikhail, whose brown hair was all trimmed the same length, lending him a fuzzy, hedgehogish air, seemed slightly worried, with wide, rapidly blinking eyes and a slightly open mouth.
Glancing sheepishly at each other and at Justin, the submasters each mumbled something.
Tatiana you have met. She is my apprentice.
Tatiana smiled curtly and bowed from the waist. She wouldnt meet Justins gaze.
Now, welcome to my table! Let us eat together and talk business.
A goblin servitor dragged a stout wooden chair out for Justin. He hesitated for a second, but it seemed that the dwarves  and Tatiana  were waiting for him to sit, so he did.
The table was set with marvelously etched silverware. Platters held a steaming pile of sliced meat, slathered with gravy, and another pile of what looked like chunks of root vegetables with red flecks on them.
More goblins appeared and filled silver tankards with a frothy, dark brown beverage. Pyotr hoisted his and the others followed suit. To good meat, good coin, and the Commerce Law!
The Commerce Law! the dwarves shouted. With a clang of tankards, they all chugged at their brew.
Justin took a cautious sip, then began downing his eagerly as well. It tasted like a slightly bitter caramel, unlike any beer hed sampled with the guys back home.
Goblins ladled out servings of the two dishes and they began to eat. Justin found the root vegetables tough and chewy and the meat dry, despite the gravy, but their flavors were heavenly compared to the meager fish and bread that had been his only sustenance for the past day.
The dwarves seemed unimpressed with the food and grumbled to themselves, but quieted at a look from Pyotr. Tatiana ate in silence, watching Pyotr carefully.
After a time, Pyotr said to Justin, You bear iron with you as a weapon.
Thats true. Justin wondered where this was going.
And you speak Goblin.
Yes, and Dwarvish. Through rituals.
That means youre no elf. Not even a country fey could bear to do such things.
Who ever said I was an elf?
Pyotrs lips tightened. Who else but an elf would possess such a wealth of Ore?
Justin felt a slight rush of anger. You looked through my pack.
We follow the Commerce Law strictly in this smithy. Nothing was removed. But we had cause to investigate, since you had passed out on our very threshold.
So you know about my coin as well.
The submasters shot excited looks at one another. Pyotr said in measured tones, A curious specimen. Admirably executed, but somewhat obscure in function. Perhaps young sir would care to enlighten us?
Its Justin. You can call me Justin. As for the coin, he continued, then paused. How is it curious, exactly?
Pyotr stopped chewing and looked around, at a loss. The submasters were wide-eyed.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE


Tatiana spoke, again with an edge in both look and voice. You jest about coins at a coinmasters table, sir.
You can drop the sir, all right? Justin said, fighting back his rising annoyance. I have a name. And I dont really know anything about coins. So yes, Im asking about this coin at this table. In fact, I dont really know much about this . . ." he waved his hands in a vague gesture, place. The Realm. I came from another place, a place called Earth. We have stories of dwarves and elves and stuff there, but theyre, like, all wrong. Or just different. I dont know.
He took a deep swig of beer and, seeing they all waited to hear more, continued. I wandered into the Realm somehow. Now Im an adventurer. I happened to find the coin, and a bunch of this Ore you seem to use for money, and also a recipe for another coin. Thats why Im here: I want you to make this coin for me.
Justin fumbled in his tunic, where hed slipped the recipe. He unfolded it and passed it to Pyotr, who smoothed it out on the table. The submasters all leaned in to see, and Tatiana stood and walked behind Pyotrs chair to get a look herself.
By Tach and Tan!
My mothers beard!
But what does it do?
The submasters chattered excitedly over the details of the document. Pyotr and Tatiana read in silence, then the master raised one hand and the submasters stopped. The whole group treated Justin to an intense collective stare.
Justin poked at his plate, squirming a little in his seat.
Pyotr dropped his head in thought for a few minutes. Goblins came and went, refilling tankards and clearing the near-empty platters.
Then the master looked thoughtfully at Justin and said, Young sir, I have many questions I wish to ask you before I accept any commission. They pry into private matters, but as a master coinsmith, I must know what I must know in order to accomplish my work. I have a reputation; you know this or else you would not have come here, especially in such a state. Now, will you answer my questions?
Justin replied, Yes. The best I can, anyway.
The others returned to their seats and watched Justin with great interest.
Pyotr regarded Justin evenly for a few moments, then continued. First, your arrival. Why were you exhausted? When we cared for you, we could see no wounds. Are you ill?
Justin glanced at Tatiana, who had suddenly become absorbed in the tables polished grain. No. Id been hiking for a long time. I needed to reach you right away, and it was night. I dont know much about the Realm, but I know its dangerous, especially at night. I was drawing on one of my coins powers the whole time, the power of endurance. It really drains me, he finished, hoping that would be enough.
I see. You asked about that coin you possess. It is unusual because it is cast in iron. I know of no other such coin. That you are able to wield it is further proof you are no elf, so I believe your story about wandering from another world. It is known to happen, said Pyotr. Now, though I am curious about its other powers, they do not concern any commission we might settle on.
This, however, he continued, gesturing at the recipe, I must inquire about. Where did you find the original?
Original? Justin repeated dully.
This recipe is written on our paper. Anyone here would recognize its make. Especially the master of the smithy.
It, uh, said Justin, thinking fast. It came to me. In a dream, at a certain place. A big cave I slept in. I remembered it until I got here, then wrote it down. Internally, he cringed. That sounds ridiculous, he thought. Id be suspicious if I heard that crap.
One of the submasters  Ignat?  nodded and said, Caves are often the haunt of visions. The other submasters murmured in assent.
Justin blinked and let out a breath he didnt know hed been holding. This might be easier than I thought.
Pyotr glanced at his submasters as though he wanted to say something, but instead turned back to Justin and continued, It describes another iron coin. But its ingredients are . . ."
Preposterous? Tatiana suggested, suddenly looking hard at Justin.
In turn, Pyotr shot her a disapproving look before finishing,  . . . singular. It will take some doing to acquire them. In fact, I have no idea where one of them might be found.
Great, Justin thought. Another little detail the kid failed to mention. He said, Ill need your help locating the ones you know about, then. The other . . . Ill figure something out later.
Pyotr nodded. Now, do you know what this coin does?
Justin hesitated. If I make up something, theres no way Ill get it right. Honestly, no. Thats part of the reason I want to commission it. To find out.
A look of concern passed among the submasters. Pyotrs expression didnt change, but Justin felt something in the air had shifted.
The master said, I, too, am curious to find out. To be frank, this is the most complex and ambitious recipe I have ever seen. Like as like, it will result in nothing, in a bad coin. He paused, and a gleam came into his eye, concentrated to a spark by the thick lens of his glasses. But should it actually work . . . it bears the marks of genius and would be a wondrous making! I am willing to attempt it. Should we succeed in its creation, it would be . . ." and for the first time Justin had seen, Pyotr smiled. Legendary.
The submasters looked distinctly uncomfortable.
Good to hear, Justin said.
My last question: what terms do you offer for the work?
A third of my Ore. That includes the Ore used to make the coin. And also your help in acquiring the other ingredients, Justin said. And room and board, he added.
Pyotr said, It is customary for coinsmith clients to participate in the process and to live under the masters roof.
Oh, said Justin. Well, fine. I mean, great. He looked at the dwarves, then at the glowering Tatiana. So, is that acceptable? Will you do it?
Pyotr regarded his submasters.
Mikhail said, The recipe is monstrously difficult! Should we fail, it might explode, killing us all. Or worse.
Stas added, Thats not even the problem. The ingredients are! What if young sir is killed obtaining them, and we under commission? His wealth will disappear into the Commerce Laws escrow vaults. And we might be killed too, come to think of it, in the course of helping him.
Ignat banged one fist on the table. What a load of eel tripe! You think wed fail in our own smithy? You think wed let a salamander roast young sir alive? No, the real problem is the Big Three . . . we dont know what this coin does, but it must be something mighty. And the Three will be alarmed to find a new Power rise in their midst. Furthermore, theyll be angry that we brought it into being! The sticking point as I see it is young sir here: what will he do with the coin? Would he protect us from the wrath of the Three? How could he even do that, coin or no?
The air over the table had tautened with tension. Pyotr listened expressionlessly, then turned to Tatiana. And your opinion?
The submasters looked a bit startled at this, but they all turned toward her.
Tatiana looked at each of them, her hands fiddling with her tool belt all the while. Finally she looked evenly at Justin. We dont know him. We cant trust him. But hed be as bound by the Commerce Law as we. If he goes and does something mad with the coin afterward, thats his own will. No greensmith is tried for murder when the sword he forged is put to its intended use. So trust isnt the issue. She paused. Im not sure we can do this thing. But Id like to try. Its like nothing weve seen, master.
She looked at Pyotr with a childish eagerness that Justin had not seen on anyones face in a very long time. It took him aback.
Pyotr nodded and sat, mulling over their words. Finally, he said, I agree with my apprentice. The making is the thing, not what comes after. The Three are powerful, yes, but we should do nothing to further inflate their bloated sense of worth. Besides, their quarrel has ground the life out of this land and all its peoples  should a new Power arise, let it come! The Realm could stand some shaking free of their stalemate.
The submasters looked stricken. One of them began to object, but Pyotr cut him off.
Ignat, who provided the meat for this table? Hm? A submaster of materia, out hunting for his supper! I wonder, is deer harder to work than stone? It certainly seems to burn more easily.
Ignat snapped his mouth shut, but his eyes blazed.
Pyotr turned to the submaster beside him, who had snorted with laughter. And Stas, your process for growing root crops is very successful! Too bad you were trained to oversee coinsmithing, not farming  you might have done better to grub in the dirt for a living, since thats all you do now, anyway!
Stas snatched his tankard, slurped at it messily, and slammed it on the table with a grumble.
The last submaster raised his hands, palms turned toward Pyotr placatingly, before the master rounded on him. Mikhail, tell me, have you recycled every last bit of scrap in the smithy yet? No? Well then, it seems that a submaster of alloys still has something useful to do in his own works! You neednt pack up and become a trail-tinker just yet.
Mikhail turned his hands around and buried his face in them.
Pyotr looked at Justin. A remarkable client has appeared just at the moment of our dissolution, asking the impossible of us. Think of the coins we have made together  think of Annian, Shastoralon, the great making that was Minardis! Those were goblinplay compared to this!
And look what the Three did with them! barked Stas. Started their bloody wars and led us all to this sorry state!
Pyotr stood and waved his hands wide, sweeping up the whole room in their compass. And yet we live! The entire Realm has not descended on us in fury for creating the greatest coins of all time. Instead, the Realmfolk blame their misuse on elven foolishness even while they sing of our great Makings! Have you forgotten the years of commissions after the completion of Minardis? That paid for new delvings for all of Clan Baika?
The submasters expressions softened at this and they began to nod.
Pyotr gestured and goblins scurried up to fill the tankards. I am inclined to accept this commission, for I still know what legends are and where they come from! I still dream the dreams of the Great Maker! I still feel that reaching fire in my blood that would unfurl across the heavens and burn among the stars! I would still grasp the impossible in my very hands and know I had made it real!
He hoisted his tankard, and the rest followed suit. The dwarves were now breathing heavily, wild-eyed and grinning. A smile quirked in the corners of Tatianas mouth, and Justin noticed slight, fetching dimples beside them.
Now whos with me? Pyotr bellowed.
The submasters cheered and clanged their tankards, then raised them till they were dry and tossed them in the air. Justin managed to down half of his before a wave of dizziness made him set the tankard down.
Pyotr gestured again to the goblins, who brought out a ream of paper and writing instruments. The dwarven master sat down again.
Besides, he sighed, stabbing hard to pierce a shred of tough meat. As I think I made clear, we could use the money.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR


After the commission contract had been drawn up, Justin asked Pyotr to read it to him in its entirety. The ritual of contamination, it seemed, did not extend to the written word. Halfway through the tedious process  which Pyotr undertook professionally, without hesitation or complaint it occurred to Justin that Pyotr might be making up what he was saying anyway, and Justin would have no way of knowing otherwise. But something about the unselfconscious fidgeting of the bored submasters as Pyotr droned on and on simply could not be feigned.
The terms were good: apparently, every guest room was built on a metal slab that bore the same Commerce Law enchantment as the pans of a scale; a guests possessions could not be trifled with once he had placed them there. It felt late at this point, so Justin didnt bother asking how theyd got his stuff into the room in the first place, and instead Justin signed the document with as much flourish as he could manage. Another round of cheers and tankard-clanging followed. Back at his room, the dwarves shook his hand with burly gratitude when he presented them with the rest of the bread hed brought. After all, hed thought, I cant possibly eat all of it before it goes stale.
Theyd inhaled a whiff of the loaves and groaned. Svetla, Ignat said.
Svetla, wish Id never met ya, Stas added, rolling his eyes lustily.
Mikhail shook his head darkly. Why she wont trade for our taters, I cant figure.
The others looked at him. Ignat sniffed at the bread again. Cause her stuff is edible? he asked.
Mikhail frowned.
It took two days of inquiries to find a weaponsmith who was willing to work iron. Justin was worried about the amount of iron needed for a solid blade, but the kid reassured him that the tire iron would furnish enough; besides, the iron itself would cause greater harm in the Realm than the sharpest of edges. The inquiries were a tedious business, as Justin couldnt lead the kid out of the smithy without arousing suspicion. He had to confer with the kid, who was stuck under his bed back at the coinworks, via the coin many times before he was able to get anywhere with his questioning.
Most Realmfolk he spoke with, all goblins and dwarves at other places of business or, more rarely, on the lakeside trail, were so horrified at the thought of ironworking that they simply refused to speak further with him. The kid reluctantly directed him to mention immediate payment in Ore, plus a finders fee for a successful introduction to a willing smith, and soon he found a slow-moving, circumspect dwarf of Clan Baika who agreed to the work on two conditions: that Justin keep his tongue about it, and that he come and go by secret ways so that he would not be seen with the smith.
Justin watched the process, which took another two days. The weaponsmith handled his tire iron with long tongs and wore a poofy protective vest as well as a metal mask with a glass eye slit. He heated and hammered the iron, gradually folding its four arms into themselves over and over, until the stubby tool grew into a long, thin blade closer to a rapier than a longsword. The hand guard and hilt he fashioned separately of bronze since there was barely enough iron for the blade.
He collected his sword and a large brass and wood shield from the smiths armory, and paid the dwarf a tiny chunk of Ore. The smith slumped back on a couch in the ramshackle building next to the forge. The place had clearly been very nice once, richly decorated and furnished, but was now falling to ruin around the dwarf.
Justin looked the weapon over carefully, though he had no idea what to look for. There was a slight rippling pattern on the thin blade, and its edges shone wickedly. The dwarf hacked into a grimy rag and waved Justin over. He looked drawn and waxy, like a puppet of a dwarf rather than the real thing.
You are not Realm-born, yes? the dwarf rasped. Justin nodded. In the Realm, the smith chooses a name for every weapon he forges and etches the name into its skin. But know this: your sword is an evil thing and will take no name the Realm can offer. It is nameless. And I have done evil in making it. A coughing fit shook the smith on the couch, doubling him over.
When he recovered, he rolled his head around, moaning. But what choice did I have? Look at my smithy, at my house! Any work is good work in these times. And so evil has its way.
Perturbed, Justin felt he had to explain himself. Look, Im not evil. I just need something to defend myself with. Its not like 
Enough! snapped the dwarf suddenly. Ive done with you. I never met you; you do not exist. Take my work of shame from this place and do not return! Then he started coughing again, this time so hard that Justin was afraid hed fall off the couch.
Justin took sword and shield and left. He could hear the dwarf coughing still as he made his way out the back and onto the hidden side trail.
Nameless, eh? the kid said as Justin laid the sword out on the bed for him to examine.
Yeah. He was really upset  and sick. Making the sword made him sick somehow, said Justin worriedly. Will he be okay, you think?
Hell recover. He knew full well what he was in for.
Why does iron have that effect on Realmfolk?
The kid bent over the blade, angling so that his body did not dim the lamplight shining on it. Why does plutonium have its effects on humans?
I  wait, iron is radioactive in the Realm?
Not exactly. The effects of its exposure are remarkably similar, however. I did tell you Realmfolk grow ill in the vicinity of iron, didnt I? This is a fine blade! Fine enough that it deserves a name, and I can think of none more fitting than Nameless, he chuckled, leaping off the bed. Now, how goes the coinsmithing?
The dwarves have a plan ready. Theyre just waiting for me to get a weapon, then we can go hunting for the first extra ingredient. About time too, Justin thought. Hed fallen into a lonely routine at the smithy: the dwarves were busy planning, Tatiana seemed to be avoiding him, and the goblin servants and guards hed tried to talk to turned out to be extremely dull-witted. He could learn nothing useful from them. Until hed found the smith, he often thought about his old life  what the guys were doing, what Coach Simmons was up to, where Matthias might have gone, how his mother would take  had taken?  the news of his performance at the game. Against the hyperreal world of the Realm, where his every sense felt supercharged, they all seemed incredible, figments of a long dream hed been trapped inside.
In the mornings and evenings, he sat and listened to the kids stories about great events in the Realm of long ago: the dragon scourge, the coming of the giants, Fastoor the Bald, the Mist Wars. He heard of the glories of the kids court at Banaildumin, how his rule had forged a new and prosperous order for all the Realmfolk. The kid was a gifted storyteller, and Justin felt greatly comforted by his tales. He felt once more like a little kid himself, in fact: ready for adventure, craving danger and a chance to prove himself, alone against the impossible perils of the world.
Justin also managed to piece together more of the Realms workings from these stories. The elves, it seemed, were possessed of some mysterious power over the arts; without ever acquiring the hard learning of technique, they could coax materials into the most wondrous and beautiful shapes. It drove the dwarves crazy, but their jealousy was overmatched by their awe. Dwarves made just about everything else in the Realm: bridges, roads, buildings, machines, food. Their lives revolved around this making. It had become customary over time for dwarves and elves to collaborate in the creation of many things; the kid said the Realm used to shine with the beauty of fine, sturdily made things everywhere.
But when Justin had ventured out each day to inquire about a weaponsmith or watch the smithing, he saw none of this. The buildings were mostly decaying and the trail was moderately ill kept. He wondered if they were just too far out in the countryside for any of the fine things the kid described.
Then there were the goblins. The kid mentioned them only in passing, and they were always either servants or foot soldiers. Justin found it curious that none of the great heroes of the kids tales were goblins, but perhaps they were simply limited by their constitutions. None of the ones hed met displayed even a spark of curiosity or personality  except for the outlaw goblin hed confronted . . .
Excellent! the kid said, startling Justin from his reverie. Marsh hare heart.
Marsh hare? Justin paused. Heart? What now?
The first ingredient. Youll be hunting marsh hare.
Hare, like a rabbit? Justin laughed. Not much of a hunt.
No, hare, like marsh hare. Trust me, the process will demand all the focus and skill you can muster.
So . . ." A thought came to Justin, and he smiled at the kid. A thrill of joy spread through his torso. This is my first real quest, right?
The kid laughed in return. As real as your first sword, my champion.
Justin swept the blade up and turned it to catch the lamplight. It gleamed like a needle of pure fire.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE


The thing about marsh hare is, said Ignat as he huffed along on his waterwalkers. Every other word was followed by a whiffing thwack as he brought one of the broad platforms down on the surface of the goopy muck that Justin waded through beside him. Traveling across the top of the marsh this way put the dwarf at eye level with Justin. Its in the last bloody place you try looking for it. Seems to know what yer thinkin.
Justin paused to swat another biting insect from his neck. Sweat poured from what seemed to be his every pore, and the rigid leather armor the dwarves had equipped him with amplified the heat of the marsh sun by tenfold. He could feel a rash developing on his chest, where his coin hung in a special frame he wore like a necklace. It trickled a steady flow of energy into his body so that sloshing through miles of mud didnt tire him.
Still, he wished the dwarves had had a set of the waterwalkers that would support him; they were clever things fashioned from a special kind of bone and hide scraped thin and cured with a toughening herbal paste.
Course, its also fairly large, so it often turns out that where youve been looking is full of hare. Very, very quiet hare.
Youve been hunting hare before? Justin had been chafing in the hours of silence as they rowed along the southern shore of Lake Badoom  passing Svetlas flour mill, whose lakefront porch seemed shuttered and disused  and over to the last bit of dry coast before the marshes took over. From there, theyd set up camp, Ignat motioning and grunting instead of speaking to Justin. The good cheer that ended their commission meal had evaporated completely by now, and the dwarf had been sullen, even slightly hostile, the whole day of their journey. In the marsh, he had simply peered into the water and sniffed the tops of reeds within his reach, then set off in new directions without a word to Justin.
It seemed that he was finally ready to talk, however. Ignat snorted at Justins question. Only the gullible hunt marsh hare. Thats the whole reason for its name. But as a submaster of materia, I must study the beasts of the Realm and know their ways.
Justin risked a further question; he felt relieved that the dwarf was talking to him, but that could change at any moment. The dwarves seemed inordinately temperamental. So is marsh hare used for anything else?
Ignat stared at him. For disposing of fools in a bog, its as fine a stratagem as Chalen himself might devise.
No, I mean, is it useful in coinsmithing?
The dwarf rubbed some slime from a handful of weeds between his hands and smelt it. If your recipe is true, then yes. He tasted the slime and spat into the water. Otherwise, no. This way, he said abruptly and set off deeper into the weeds.
The calls of marsh birds and what Justin could only assume were frogs echoed over the turbid waters. The whine of the cloud of bloodsucking insects hugging his head deafened him when he slowed. Swatting them was hardly necessary, since they shriveled up and dropped off when they managed to suck out some of his iron-rich blood, but Justin swatted them anyway because it made him feel like he had the least little bit of control over the situation.
Some quest, he thought. Finally got a sword, a shield, armor, even magic powers, and Im hunting a mutant bunny in a swamp. With a mopey dwarf who can walk on water. Still, underneath this grousing, Justin felt the sweet thrill of discovery. At least, he had for the first hour or so.
He squinted at the sun and realized he had no way of telling time accurately. Were there twenty-four hours in a Realm day? Twelve? Sixteen? Without that knowledge, he couldnt interpret the speed of the suns journey, or the changing lengths of shadows. Not that I could do that stuff back on Earth, he thought darkly. Again, some hero. I can play football. I can read. Thats it. I can barely stand up to people like John S when it might matter. 
Justin puffed his cheeks in an unconscious and somewhat noisy sigh. Ignat, who had been crouching by a thick line of blue-black reeds, whipped his head around and shook it furiously, bug-eyed with what Justin took to be outrage.
Then he heard a wet, sliding sound from deep in the foliage and knew it was fear.
A track of jostled reed-tops wound its way toward them. Justin raised his sword and shield and breathed deep, feeling the power of the coin circulating through his every muscle. He waited to activate the timeshift until he could see what he was dealing with.
The movement stopped just before it breached the front edge of stalks. Ignat slowly moved his hand to the handle of the spiked hammer strapped to his back.
The marsh had gone deafeningly still.
Then, a small white object poked out from between the reeds. The very tip of it wrinkled up and down rhythmically like blunt, sniffing snout.
More of it emerged. Two rabbit ears, achingly white on the outside and candy-pink inside, flopped forward and twitched above the snout.
The whole thing hopped halfway out of the weeds and peered around. It was a black-eyed, glossily white-furred bunny.
Marsh hare! Justin thought with a thrill. Then he leaped.
The bunny backpedaled through the reeds as Justin sloshed and crashed after it. In the distance, he heard Ignat scream something at him. It took a few seconds for him to question how a rabbit could run backwards at speed, then another second for him to catch a glimpse of a slimy, rootlike cable running just ahead of his quarry, but those seconds sealed his fate.
An explosion of muck, weeds, and water behind him lifted him into the air. The shock of it paralyzed him for a moment, but at the apex of his flight, he timeshifted and looked around to see what had happened.
A giant, twisting, slime-glistening vine had hoisted him by the ankle perhaps thirty feet in the air. Around him, the swamp stretched in plain dismalness as far as he could see, broken here and there by hunching clumps of what looked like cypress.
Justin strained to bring his sword arm around for a swipe at the thing, but something in the physics of his momentum made it all but impossible to move in certain directions despite the timeshift. It was like he pressed against a great, unyielding gyroscope lodged in his torso.
Inch by inch, the vine  now he looked at it more closely, Justin had to concede it was probably a tentacle  ferried him through a sharply curving arc in the opposite direction he was running in.
After a minute of this slow motion, Justins heartbeat had slowed somewhat and hed worked out what was happening.
He was being flung.
He peered along his apparent trajectory and saw swamp.
After another minute of the glacial arc, Justin concluded there wasnt much he could do. He focused and switched off the timeshift . . . 
. . . and lost his breath in a stinging, spinning rush through the sky, his stomach plummeting to earth just barely ahead of the rest of his body. Panicked, he tried to timeshift again before he impacted, but something dark and huge erupted from the water, rising to meet him, then the world disappeared in a wet, warm darkness, and in his flesh he felt the bite of something sharp enough to slice through his armor.
Hed lost the shield, but he still clung to Nameless. Screaming in that close, airless place, he jabbed the blade around and around him. The darkness shuddered; whatever pierced his body quivered, jagging against his ripped nerves; light appeared and he kicked toward it.
Justin splashed face first into cold swamp water and inhaled a lungful before he squirmed to the surface. He coughed and retched on all fours. Somewhere to the side and above him, a great shape twitched and thrashed.
Nameless! he thought once hed gotten mostly air into his lungs again. Red and blue fireworks burst soundlessly across his vision. He scrambled through the viscous mud for the sword, then looked over his shoulder.
A great head writhed above the swamp, making wet sucking sounds. It looked like an earthworm with a toothy maw, above which clusters of pale green eyes lay in rows. Dark fluid gushed from its mouth, spilling on the weeds and on Justin in showers. A purplish root jabbed and jabbed out from its throat, then the whole thing shook horrifically and crashed over, sending another shower of foul swamp muck everywhere.
Justin timeshifted and got to his feet, hunching slightly with pain and alarm. He swiped the top layer of filth from his face with his filth-covered hands so he could at least see clearly, then whirled around, looking in every direction. The swamp was deathly still, but so, it seemed, was the giant head.
He approached it warily. Two of him could fit comfortably in its mouth, which was now a disgusting, smoking mass of ribboned flesh. The shining tip of Nameless protruded through one cheek, and Justin saw that the purple root was in fact its tongue, sliced into strips as it had tried to push the sword free.
Still timeshifted, Justin watched as the pale light faded swiftly from the clusters of eyes, orb by orb. Before he could reconsider, he forced himself to step up to the disgusting mess, reach into the horrid, oozing mouth, and dig through the muck until his fingers scrabbled against Namelesss hilt. He pulled the weapon free and backed off from the creature, then tried to rinse off as much filth as he could in the murky water.
Taking a last look around, he stopped the timeshift, then staggered and nearly fell over. His whole body was jangling with adrenaline, magnified by the power of the coin. He darent stop drawing on its power until he and Ignat made it out of the swamp, but . . . How am I going to find Ignat now? And where is this things heart? Is this even the marsh hare or what?
As Justin turned over these thoughts, feeling queasy and wondering whether he could keep from puking, a faint noise drifted to him over the marsh vapors. He raised his sword and turned to face it.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX


Thwackthwackthwackthwackthwack
Justin relaxed as the sound came close enough to recognize. After a few minutes, Ignat rounded a clump of reeds, puffing and red-faced, his black braids loose and full of slimy debris. Seeing the wreck of the monstrous head first, he stumbled and lifted his spiked hammer, which was covered with dark ooze.
Then he noticed Justin standing to one side. By Tach and Tan, youre alive?! Ignat cried, dropping his weapon into the swamp.
Yeah, tell me about it, Justin said. He moved over to the dwarf and fished in the water till he came up with the heavy hammer. The dwarf accepted it, mouth dangling open and eyes as round as golf balls. A shot of pride swept up Justins spine. But you cant say the same for that thing.
A loud slurping noise from somewhere by the head sent them both into a defensive crouch, weapons raised. The back end of the thing settled into the muck with an expulsion of foul-smelling gas.
But youre alive! Ignat cried again. 
Maybe if he repeats it enough, hell believe it, Justin thought. Yes, Im alive. And that thing isnt.
But . . . I saw it throw you!
Yep, I seem to remember that part.
And eat you!
Yep. I was there, Justin said. Look, I probably got lucky, but you know I have this coin, right? Dont coins give you super powers?
The dwarf shook his head, befuddled. No. Yes. Well, its just . . . its been a long time since Ive seen a champion, young sir. A new look of awe had replaced Ignats previous look of indifference mixed with mild hostility. Not since the Big Three arrived at their deadlock. Hasnt been a Champion Challenge since then . . . maybe three hundred years?
Justin felt another rush of pride. Champion . . . I could get used to this. Listen, you can tell me more later. That  he pointed with Nameless, was the marsh hare, correct?
Ignat peered at the slowly sinking head. A cloud of insects had descended on it. Nah, thats just a head.
The head of what? 
A head . . . of the marsh hare.
A head?
Ignat nodded.
So how many does it have? Justin asked, his stomach sinking.
Ignat shrugged. Dunno.
I thought you were the expert on beasts and all!
Doesnt mean Ive interviewed the bloody things! Everyone knows the marsh hares polycephalous, and everyone with any sense stays the hell away from it!
Well, Im not everyone! I dont know jack about the beasts of the Realm!
Apparently not! They were in a full-blown argument now. Matter of fact, I had my doubts about you and your so-called recipe from the start . . . cave vision? Hah! Pyotr thinks hes gonna make some magnificent coin to seal his legacy after the screwups of the Great Coins, but its more likely well get killed in the process of trying to collect your materials. And then, if we get them all, Id be blowed to Balla if the thing actually cooked right!
Justin was flooded with anger now. A million objections, evasions, and defenses crowded his head until he thought it would burst. He shook himself all over like a dog and somehow managed to clamp down on them. Through gritted teeth, he said, Lets just get this over with. Wheres its heart?
At its center. Got to follow the head-stalk back, Ignat said with a sneer. He started thwacking his way over to the mound of slimy, ropy flesh.
Justin took three deep breaths, hoisted Nameless to a position of readiness, and followed.
Ignat had grabbed a reed and was poking at the base of the heads stump. He was frowning. What in the Realm . . ." he muttered as Justin came up behind him.
What?
The head . . . its . . . detached. Ignat dropped the reed and swung his head around in alarm, looking wildly in all directions. Gran Ham protect us! he cried and started scrambling atop the insect-coated head.
What? What? Justin said.
Get up here! Ignat shouted at him just as a deafening noise of churning water awoke around them. Justin leaped atop the head as a vast wave of something powerful dragged past him.
From his vantage point, he could see the entire swamp boiling with motion. Small flocks of marsh birds beat panicked tracks into the air. Acres of reeds crashed into the muck, broken by writhing waves that swept back toward Lake Badoom.
Whats going on? Justin shouted over the thunderous clamor.
The marsh hare its  its fleeing! Ignat toppled over as a massy rope of flesh rocked the fallen head. Justin crouched and steadied him, jamming Nameless into the head as an anchor for his other hand.
Fleeing? Where?
Lake Badoom, where else?
Is this a normal thing the hare does?
Ignat looked at him crazily. How should I know? Does it normally get one of its heads hacked off by a blade of pure iron?
What the hell should we do?
Hold on till its gone!
Justin looked around the chaos of swamp and swirling flesh in dismay. But what about its heart?
Id wager it wont leave that behind!
Justin thought hard for a moment while the crashing waters rocked their perch. Without that heart, the coin cant be struck. Who knows when, if ever, the hare will return to the swamp? Do I want to be a hero this badly?
He pictured returning empty-handed to the kid. He thought of the kid reduced to a shadow state for the rest of his life. The thought of failing in his first real quest, after hed pictured himself as a hero in countless fantasy stories, filled him with an intolerable bitterness.
I wont fail, he resolved. Not after Matthias. Not after the game. This is my time.
Quickly, he undid the clasps for the armor around his waist and legs. Kicking it off, he shouted above the din, Wait for me at camp! and pulled Nameless free.
Without waiting for a reply, he crouched, then leapt as far as he could toward Lake Badoom.
He came down on a sliding mass of hare muscle that seemed to bunch together into a larger tentacle. It recoiled slightly at his impact but did nothing to shake him off once he got a handhold. The skin was pitted, the flesh beneath ropy, as though the creature had been woven from many strands of material, then had a rubbery surface sprayed on. Hoping the hare would think he was just some debris that had caught on its skin, Justin started moving cautiously up the tentacle, careful to lift Namelesss blade high above the beasts body.
As he moved, he glanced around to see the wreckage caused by the hares retreat. In the distance, swamp trees groaned and cracked as they crashed into the mud. The waters behind him were a flat mass of filth on which a patina of yellow foam surged.
Soon he came to a fork where his tentacle joined with another to form a trunk nearly the size of his car in diameter. Getting close, Justin thought. Then he caught a whiff of fresh, clean air. It cut through his lungs with an almost painful purity, and he thought just how used hed gotten to the swamps smells of decay. He realized with a shot of adrenaline that Lake Badoom must be getting close.
A horrible thought came to him. He hooked his feet awkwardly into some openings on the hares body and fumbled at his breast to bring out his coin. Flipping the shiny side up, he tried to focus on summoning the kid.
A tinny voice emanated from the coin. Where are you, Justin?
Justin shouted back, Im on the hare!
Any dwarves around?
No  I said, Im on the hare!
Youre on the where?
Justin practically shoved the coin into his mouth. The hare! The beast! Were headed for the lake!
Why is it headed there?
I cut one of its heads off  listen, how do I find its heart?
Let me in your mind!
Justin paused. Uh, how?
Relax, as you did before with the quill. Place the smooth side of the coin on your forehead.
Justin held the coin to his forehead, but there was no way he could relax. Nervously, he switched hands, pinning the coin to his head with the one that gripped his sword hilt. He slowly dropped to his knees and found another handhold. Then he closed his eyes and tried to imagine that the swaying motion beneath him belonged to a boat instead of a swamp monster.
A cold light sparked behind his eyelids. In glimpses, he caught sight of the marsh hares body from afar, as though both he and it floated in empty space  it was a vast, nightmarish tangle of tentacles and nodules. It seemed impossible to trace, to find an origin or end anywhere.
Justin concentrated harder on the image. Something glittered in its center, just under a ridge of regular protrusions that looked like great, blunt canines. And closer, halfway up a large tentacle, a gleam caught his eye.
He peered at the gleam; it was a miniature of him, outlined in a silvery light. The shock of seeing himself like that threw him off balance, and he opened his eyes just in time to keep from tumbling off the tentacle.
But he remembered the way to the glitter beneath the ridges at the center of the beast. Or hoped he did, anyway.
He tucked the coin back under his armor and hurried up the trunk, grabbing hard now at the profusion of slimy handholds. Something squelched in one of them, popping underneath Justins grip, and the whole trunk shuddered beneath him, then began to thrash.
Here goes nothing, he thought. He peered ahead into the chaos of waters, then leaped again.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN


He hit the edge of the beasts true body and began to slide into the dark, slimy depths. There were no handholds within reach here, so he filled his lungs with air and thrust Nameless into the beasts flesh, all the way to the hilt.
Frothing black fluid gushed out and bubbled around him as the hare dove completely underwater.
Theyd reached the edge of the lake and were plunging to its very bottom.
Justin tensed with the shock of the cold water. He felt a tentacle slap against his leg and he kicked off it, his free hand sliding over the slimy smoothness of the hares body. His fingers brushed something hard, a small, bony protrusion, and he gripped it with all the force he could draw from the coin.
He yanked Nameless out, ripping an oblique wound through the things muscle. The body twisted under his other hand, but his fingers maintained their hold. He centered himself over the handhold, feeling the cold waters of the lake stream by him, and peered into the rapidly dimming reaches of the hares body.
A line of blunt, teethlike protrusions curved out of sight ahead. He hooked the wrist of his sword hand around the next one, ducking under a tentacle that swept by overhead toward the fresh wound. Justin tilted Namless away from the things body and hoped it couldnt feel him through the bone or whatever it was that he was clinging to.
Slowly, as the light faded around him and the cold bit at his skin, Justin made his way up the ridge.
When he reached the spot the kids vision had indicated, he timeshifted and considered his situation. The vision had shown him a shining light deep in the things body at this spot, but he had no way of knowing what the heart actually looked like. The only thing he could do was start cutting and find his handholds inside the things tissues.
Suppressing a shudder, Justin turned himself around so that the force of his blows wasnt stalled by the water that streamed by him. For the briefest moment, he thought of his mother coming home to their empty house.
Im not going to die down here, he thought grimly. Im coming back with this things heart. Then he swung Nameless overhead and sliced into the rubbery skin.
A geyser of black fluid exploded in slow motion from the cut, then started streaming away from Justin as the hare continued its flight into the lake.
Justin swung again, deepening the cut. Then, swallowing down his queasiness, he shoved one leg into the wound until it was jammed tightly enough to anchor him. He cut again. The water rinsed out the trench hed made nearly as fast as it filled with the creatures blood, and he caught glimpses of differently-colored layers within, although the gloom of the lake depths made them all shades of blue.
He jammed his other leg in one end of the wound and cut again. By now hed hit bone, broad, curving planks of it transecting the line of his cut. Nameless scarcely slowed as its blade chopped through them. Justin felt something brush his sword arm as he raised up for another blow; he looked up to see tentacles descending on the wound from all directions.
He waited until two or three were within the arc of a single swing, then sliced off their tips as they searched for him. They recoiled into the darkness. The tissue around his legs pulsed in a time-arrested shudder.
Justin returned to his grim work, deepening the trench and stepping down into it. Blood enveloped him now; it felt viscous, clinging to his body before the rushing waters washed it free from behind.
He swung and swung, wondering how long his breath would last even with the coins support. The walls of the wound gaped raggedly above his head now.
At last, Nameless struck something it could not penetrate.
Justin recovered his balance and carefully cut to either side of the object. He worked blind in the chasm of blood. 
He knelt to feel its shape with his free hand it was smooth, warm, compact. His hand encountered a taut cable of tissue that disappeared into a hole in the side of the thing, and he yanked the tissue free.
All around him, the body of the hare convulsed rhythmically. His lungs had begun to burn. 
Quickly, Justin felt around the rest of the object, tearing out connections when he encountered them. Soon, he felt it drift freely within its cradle of flesh. Winding the ends of several ripped-out cables around his free hand, he hacked that cradle open and kicked up out of the hares body.
Dragging the object behind him as he streamed up, Justin turned to look back at the hare. Its whole, huge body flailed in the water, a dark swarming in the darkness.
Then, as it sank, Justin glimpsed a tiny, ghostly light far below it. It shone silver-blue in the utter black of the lake bottom, and seemed nearly human in shape. Angles of stone and something else surrounded it, reflecting its light. Then it winked into nothingness, and Justins lungs screamed for relief.
He kicked and kicked back toward the wavering sunlight above.

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT


The journey back to Pyotrs coinsmithy was a dream of drowning. Somehow Justin had made his way to their campsite, where he collapsed on the shore into a feverish exhaustion. Ignat had loaded him into the boat and got them back across Lake Badoom, and all the while, Justin lay in the bottom of the boat as though at the bottom of the lake. He perceived a huge, stinking mass of black matter slowly descended over him, cutting off the light, crushing him into an airless grave.
When he recovered his senses, he was lying in his bed again, warm in the guest room. His entire body was one pulsing ache, and parts of it burned in addition. For a moment, he had trouble remembering where he was, and he called for his mom.
You are beyond mother now, a voice whispered to him.
Justin sat up. What? Whos there?
Shh . . . its me, the kid said. He emerged from under the bed and stood beside it, facing Justin. The lamplight Justin could see through his shadow-head stirred some memory of a spark winking in the midst of a vast gloom, but it slipped away from his mind when he tried to catch it.
What did you say just now? Justin asked.
I said youre beyond trouble now, the kid replied. He sat on the end of the bed. Once more youve proven yourself, and once more the coin has kept you alive through the proving. Its formed a bond now, I think.
Justin lifted the coin from his chest and looked it over. On the engraved side, a weird, faint patina of waving lines had appeared, connecting the symbols in a curling pattern.
What does  never mind. Im . . ." Justin patted his body gingerly, feeling bandages that bound soft bundles to his skin and little dried plasters all over. I feel like something chewed me up and spat me out. 
That did, in fact, happen, to hear the submaster talk.
Did I get the heart? Your vision wasnt all that, uh. It was hard to think amid his pains. Specific.
That happened too. Well done!
A knock sounded at the door, and the kid shot beneath the bed. Come in, Justin called, a note of triumph in his voice.
The door creaked open and a malformed, shiny white rabbit peered through the crack. Its nose wiggled. Justin cursed and slid out of bed, landing hard on his tailbone and looking wildly around the room for his sword.
He stopped when he heard rough-edged laughter echoing in the hall. Ignats black-bearded face appeared over the false rabbit.
What, he cried, not hoppy to see us?
They both tumbled back into the hall amid a wave of unrestrained guffawing.
Off with ye, off with ye, fools all. Hes not well enough for such jibes, said Tatiana, stepping over several hooting shapes in the hall. She kicked one or two in passing, then set a wooden tray full of jars and piles of white cloth atop the dresser. 
She and Justin looked at each other. Well get up, then! You can stand, cant you? she said, waving him up.
Justin stiffly arose, thankful he was at least wearing some simple underclothes. Hi to you too, he said.
Arms out, turn about.
Justin obeyed. He felt her hands stop him as he turned his back to her. She prodded some bandaged areas and let out a low whistle.
What?
Youre a lucky sot, is what. Nearly lost a kidney here. Now sit.
She pulled the writing desk chair over for him and he sat. Ignat, Stas, and Mikhail had more or less gotten over themselves and filed into the room, chuckling and red-faced. Ignat waggled the faux hare at Justin. Little souvenir, eh?
Hes got enough souvenirs stuck in his own flesh. Dont need any more, Tatiana said as she fiddled with the contents of the tray behind Justin.
What is that thing, anyway? Justin ventured.
Bait. The marsh hares an angler, draws in larger prey with a sweet, juicy, innocent little bunny. It dropped this one, like a lizard shedding its tail. Ignat held the thing up to Justin for a closer look. At that distance, it looked much like a rubbery Halloween mask, distorted in proportion and quite hairless. Not a tail, though. A specialized limb. Marsh used to be full of em. Not anymore, eh boys?
The dwarves cheered.
Hold still, Tatiana said. She ripped off a bandage and Justin yelped.
Sure to get down to Saranee quicker now, going through the swamp, Stas commented. The others murmured in assent.
Tatiana smeared some stinging goo into a wound. Ouch! cried Justin.
Cant hurt as much an infection, Tatiana said primly. Would you prefer one to my ministrations?
Of course not. It just  wait, you bandaged me up before?
Who else? Dyou think you did it in your sleep?
I thought Ignat 
Ignat shook head. I stopped the blood, is all. Needed to get you back here, to a real healer.
An image came to Justin of Tatiana working over his naked, wounded flesh. He felt a rush of heat to several parts of his body. But youre a submaster of materia. Dont you know, like, how to use herbal medicine and everything?
Ignat managed to look both sour and sheepish. Course not. Thats  thats . . . healers work. He waved vaguely in Tatianas direction. My expertise is much more specialized: how the stuff is used in coinsmithing.
What he means is that his expertise is much less useful on the whole, Tatiana added.
Ignat snorted.
And that healers must perforce be women.
It occurred to Justin that virtually every doctor hed seen growing up had been male. Thats just not true, he agreed, and felt an approving pat on an uninjured area of his back. His skin tingled there and sent an electric jolt racing down his spine.
You dont need to know all that stuff if youve got a healing coin, Ignat growled.
And when you dont? Tatiana demanded.
You work your whiskers off to get one, Ignat said.
While youre bleeding and wounded and wishing you had a healer handy, Tatiana said skeptically.
Faugh! Ignat dropped the bait-hare and threw his hands in the air.
Ignat knows Im right, Tatiana spoke confidentially by Justins ear. He could feel the hairs on his neck rise, and his heart started to race as her breath caressed the side of his head. Only champions can afford healing coins. Theyre some of the most difficult and expensive to make. Meantime, she said, moving back and ripping off another bandage as Justin bit his lip, us commoners have to make do without. You can turn around again, she added, and Justin did so.
Everyone could have a healing coin, Mikhail said, if everyone decided we should make them.
And gave us the materials to do so, Stas added.
Aye, Mikhail continued, we could do wondrous things for the Realmfolk with enough of what we need.
Careful, lads, Ignat interjected, or youll invoke the wrath of the Commerce Law.
Mikhail glanced uncomfortably at the floor and shut his mouth.
Justin, Ignat said, changing the subject. You have done a wondrous deed and no mistake. I told the lads all about it, and they see the wounds you bear. Even if the coin you commissioned withers or explodes, you have left your mark on the Realm already. He turned to the other submasters. Think what he might accomplish with such a coin, if hes already outdoing the heroes of yore!
Aye! Stas said, clutching instinctively at a tankard that wasnt there. He looked around and said, Lets get some drinks, toast our illustrious client.
Mikhail went to the door and called to a goblin.
So what is this heart anyway? It didnt feel . . . like a heart, Justin said.
Ignat snapped his fingers. Nearly forgot, by my mothers chaw! He popped into the hallway and returned with a large, stained canvas sack. He set it on the floor and carefully unwrapped the cloth from what it contained. Its not like a heart, Ignat agreed. Not any heart Ive ever heard tell of.
Inside the sack lay a lumpy, shiny piece of metal. It was ellipsoid in shape, and here and there, ragged strands of organic material hung out of holes in its sides. They all gazed on it in silence.
Does it . . . what does it do? Justin asked.
Ignat shrugged. Pump blood? But its queer; doesnt seem to have chambers that expand and contract like a true heart. And I cant open it up for a look-see. The recipe calls for very specific treatment of the ingredients.
But its metal?
Undoubtedly, Stas rumbled. But without sampling it, I cant tell you what kind. Its a peculiar alloy, the only one Ive seen that a body didnt reject. Course, the marsh hare . . . well, its body is . . . peculiar. To say the least.
Was peculiar! said Mikhail, passing out tankards from a goblin in the hall. Now its just a great lump of lake muck.
I thought the Realm was full of beasts like that, terrible creatures. Monsters, Justin said, accepting a tankard, then surrendering it to Tatiana when she gave him a look.
Well, yes, Ignat said. The marsh hare was a rather large and nasty specimen, though. Realmfolk had tried for centuries to be rid of it, till you came along and whckk! He made a throat-cutting gesture.
So heres to the Marsh Hero! Stas said, hoisting his tankard.
The hero! the other dwarves clanged their tankards together and gulped at the brew.
Justin heard a satisfied lip-smacking behind him and turned to see Tatiana setting his confiscated tankard on the tray. Hey! he said.
Tatiana shrugged, a hint of a smile on her face. Im not the one recovering from a near-fatal mauling.
Speaking of near-fatal maulings, its time we spoke about the next ingredient, Stas declared. He fumbled a copy of the coin recipe out of his work apron and held it right up to his face, squinting. Justin heard him whispering to himself, then with an Ah, the top half of his face reappeared above the paper like a red-haired, leering moon. Salamander stomach.
Justin looked at the other dwarves. They were both grinning.
Tell me, he said, that someone has killed a salamander before.
The dwarves chuckled. With a wicked gleam in his eye, Stas said, If he did, he didnt feel a burning need to tell anyone afterward.
No indeed, said Ignat. He likely didnt feel much of anything at that point!
They all three cackled. Mikhail shouted, You cant feel much without your skin, you see!
The laughter cut off awkwardly. Mikhail glanced around, startled, then stared at the floor and slowly lifted his tankard to cover his face.
Erm, yes, Stas said finally. As Mikhail has so gruesomely pointed out, approaching a salamander is the big problem here. Theyre living furnaces. But Ive got some ideas about how to handle that.
So finding one wont be a problem? Justin asked, feeling once again the weight of the dreary hours slogging through the swamp.
Oh, no! Stas beamed. Not at all! Everyone knows where to find a salamander. He and Ignat shot each other delighted looks. Even Mikhail was grinning again now.
A very bad feeling began to gather in the pit of Justins stomach. And wheres that, exactly? he asked, forcing the words out.
Bottom of a volcano, replied Stas.
Inside it, more like, added Ignat. 
Where it gets the hottest, explained Mikhail.
Justin slumped over slightly. Of course, he said.
He looked up at a nudge from Tatiana, who proffered his half-empty tankard with a look of pity so naked it hurt.

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE


After the third day of walking behind Stass cart, trying to avoid the horse apples, as Stas called them, the two stout ponies generously left in his way, and more than occasionally being called on to push the cart from behind to help it up a steep stretch of trail, Justin was ready to call it all in.
He had been resting two weeks, visited only by Tatiana and a goblin aide, who changed his bandages clumsily and slowly. Tatiana was apparently trying to pass her healing skills on to the rest of the staff and didnt seem to mind using him as a practice dummy. At the end of each session, Justin tried to ask her more questions, but she always left as the goblin was cleaning up, pretending not to hear him as she marched away down the hall.
At night, the kid told him more stories of the old Realm. It sounded like nothing Justin had seen: battalions of dwarves working night and day in vast, underground forges to build the great roads, bridges, and castles that bound the lands of the Realm together in safety and prosperity; elves performing intricate, incredibly beautiful songs and dances every solstice noon and under each full moon; the roaming tribes of beast-men who lived in the wilds and knew the secret language of every animal.
Once, Justin asked a question that had not occurred to him in the rush and stress of his first days in the Realm: Whats your name, anyway? I cant just call you kid the whole time . . . I mean, youre a king.
The King, the kid agreed. But as I am still a shadow of my true self, so shall I have the shadow of a name. The kid is acceptable until I am restored. It is a sanguinary appellation, and it suits me.
Justin hadnt quite known what he meant by that, but it didnt seem worth asking about.
Now, under a lowering sky, perched high on a mountainside on a scratch of road barely eight feet wide, Justin shouted above a considerable wind to Stas, How much farther?
Stas said something inaudible.
What?
Theres . . . bit . . . time! Only a few words of his reply survived.
Thats it, Justin thought. He stopped, let the power of his coin fill his body with strength, eyed the curve of the road ahead of the cart, and leaped.
The ponies whinnied and reared in terror as he landed in front of them. The cart rocked and nearly tumbled into the chasm.
Woah! Woah! Stas clicked his tongue and made soothing noises to the animals. Then he shouted at Justin, Has the iron finally driven you mad, then? You want us to come all this way just to plunge to our doom?
Sorry, Justin said, chagrined. He stepped up to the ponies and stroked their rough-haired cheeks; he helped feed and water them when they made camp and were familiar enough with him now to be calmed by his presence. At least, when Im not falling out of the sky in front of them, Justin thought.
We need to talk, he said to Stas.
Go on, then, talk, Stas huffed. Might as well work your jaw. Its the only movement well be making long as you stand in the middle of the bloody trail.
Weve been up here clinging to the bare rock for three days  are we actually getting anywhere? How much farther is it?
Stas looked about to say something, then shook his head. In truth, lad, I dont actually know.
Great! Perfect, Justin thought. Wandering around the Realm, la-dee-da, maybe well find a volcano someday. He said coldly, I thought you said everyone knew where to find salamanders.
Stas stamped one foot on the cart and said, Yes, theyre in the volcano!
And where is the volcano?
Stas said, Somewhere up ahead! Lad, nobody in living memory has actually been there. Its a bloody hot, gaseous volcano, and its full of salamanders! Whod want to go there?
How do you know were going in the right direction in the first place, then?
Legends, old stories. Far to the east lieth the cone of Mount Shayat and all that rubbish.
So were heading east, on dangerous, rarely traveled roads, because some legend tells about a volcano out here? Justin asked incredulously. He waved his arms out to sweep in the peak-heavy horizon. It could take months to get there!
Well, you could do a bit of work to help us along! shouted Stas. You dont even know how to set up a proper campsite, for the Deep Ones sake!
Fine, Justin said, turning around and walking up the trail.
Where ygoing?
Scouting. And Justin leaped as far as he could up the mountainside.
Gaining his feet, he glanced back down to see Stas in his toy cart, pulled by two stuffed animal ponies. The dwarf was shaking a tiny fist at him, his face turning as red as his hair, but Justin was too far away already for the sound to carry.
Just as well, he thought. Nothing I need to hear right now. He leaped again, coming close enough to the ridgeline to walk up.
At this height, no trees grew. A lamenting wind dragged over the pitted, lichen-splashed rocks. Nothing but spiders moved up here; they scrambled away in droves from Justins footfalls, darting into the network of hidden spaces beneath the stones. How could there be so many? Justin thought with a shudder. What do they eat up here?
The ridgeline continued for both directions as far as Justin could see. It looked like it rose up in front of him, however, so he leaped ahead again. This was trickier, since there was no trail, and the loose stones of the ridge had not settled down. Justin practiced timeshifting just as he was about to land so he could feel the minute motions of the rock underfoot and adjust as necessary. Then he practiced drawing Nameless and slashing as he flew through the air, sheathing the blade as he landed. This brightened his mood immensely: he was an honest-to-god action hero now.
When he reached the peak, his breath caught in wonder.
Around him, to the limits of the horizon, were the most glorious mountains he had ever seen. They shimmered in far patches where the sun penetrated the cloud layer. Even those closer to him seemed to glow in their gray majesty. He saw three waterfalls plunging from sheer cliffs among them, and traced the dark specks of predatory birds drifting effortlessly over golden-green valleys.
The purity of the beauty before him brought tears to his eyes. So this, he thought as his heart beat madly, is the Realm. It was more than hed ever imagined back on Earth, reading in secret of places like it. Standing there in the cold, living wind, he wondered why he ever kept his passion secret in the first place. If its connected to . . . this . . . a reflection of it . . . . He could not complete the thought; an uneasy mingling of shame, regret, and anger clouded his mind now.
Abruptly, he thought of Matthias. Probably at home, reading like Justin, or maybe playing an adventure game with the other Math Club members. At least someone gets to have a real adventure, he thought. He drew Nameless and held it before him and shouted, Matthias, this is for you!
The wind stole away every sound, but Justin felt better anyway. Then he noticed the thin stream of dark smoke at the far end of the valley beneath him.
He sheathed his blade and squinted at the smoke, willing the coin to sharpen his sight. It looked grainier than woodsmoke somehow, more thickly textured. Occasional sparkles glinted in its mass.
Could it be . . . ?
With a hoot, Justin turned and started making his way back along the ridge. He soon scrambled back down to the trail and leaped along it, dashing in stretches where it curved too much for a full-on jump.
He rounded a bend and saw the cart had stopped. Stas was lying awkwardly across the drivers bench and the reins were tied to its railing.
Behind the fallen dwarf, a slim figure was rummaging under the waterproofed canvas that covered the carts load.
Justin shouted and leaped, drawing Nameless midair. As he landed, he timeshifted and saw the goblin leader whose band hed robbed. She had already darted over to Stas and pressed a gleaming knife against the dwarfs throat.
Justin landed about twenty feet away from the cart and paused. If the thing can move that fast, he thought, she could kill Stas as soon as she saw me move again. He let time resume and said as assertively as he could, Put. Down. The knife.
Or what? the goblin hissed. Youve no bow. Cant throw your sword. Soon as you twitch, shkk! She pushed the tip of the blade ever so slightly into Stass flesh.
But then Id kill you in the next moment.
Youve all but killed me already, elf-thief! It took years to stockpile all that Ore . . . you have no idea what I went through to smuggle and safeguard it.
So you admit you stole it yourself, then? Justin felt somehow relieved to hear that hed robbed a band of thieves instead of honest workers.
Of course I did! How else is a goblin to come by any kind of money?
Nameless dipped toward the ground slightly. Wait, what?
I said, how else could a goblin earn money?
Justin considered this. He thought of the goblins in the flour mill, and those who quietly, tirelessly served himself and the dwarves at the coinworks. How are goblins paid for what they do, then?
The goblin laughed. Untranslated by the ritual of contamination, the sound was a nasty, sharp bark whose intent could not be mistaken. Paid? A goblin? By Chalen, why must I suffer the greatest fool of a country fey, when Ive already been tested so often and so grievously? She shifted her weight and looked directly into Justins eyes with her own strange, piercing, hazel-colored ones. Goblins are not paid, she said slowly and bitterly. They are whelped by the dwarves and trained for service. Then they spend the rest of their short, toilsome days attached to a household or business. What, have they no slaves where you hail from?
Slaves . . . The word stuck like a shard in Justins mind.

CHAPTER THIRTY


He thought for another minute, then slowly lowered his sword to the ground. The goblin tensed and watched him. While he crouched, he very carefully and visibly withdrew the coin from his armor, slipped it over his head, and laid it beside Nameless. Then he stood and walked back a few paces.
You can put that knife away and come down now, he called.
The goblin looked disconcertedly at Justin, at his equipment on the trail, at Stas. Then with lithe motions she stood, made the knife disappear, and hopped off the cart. She walked toward Justin, giving the iron as wide a berth as she could on the narrow track.
What mean you by this? she asked, her eyes still fierce and wary. Justin could see that for all her height relative to other goblins, the creature barely reached four feet; at his even six, he towered over her.
I just . . . I didnt know that goblins are slaves. He paused. So how did you get that much Ore? Im not from the Realm, so I dont really know its value. It seems to be worth a hell of a lot, though.
The goblin surprised him with a broken moan then. She buried her face in her crossed arms as sobs wracked her entire body. Worth more than . . . than you could . . . ever know! she hiccuped.
Absurdly, Justin felt an urge to hug the creature. He hadnt witnessed a breakdown like that in a long time, and it brought uncomfortable memories of Matthias swimming to the surface of his mind. There was also something muppetish about the goblin, despite her teeth and fearsome demeanor.
I  Im sorry, then, Justin said, for stealing it. And for hurting that younger goblin. He paused as the goblin continued to weep. Is he  she all right, by the way?
The goblin glared at him suddenly and said, He lived, if thats what you mean. Hell have nightmares for the rest of his life, nightmares of cold, burning, biting, black snakes, but oh yes, hes all right beyond that. In fact, hes back with his master now, so at least hes getting fed.
Cripes, thought Justin. His guts roiled with a queasy guilt. I dont know what else to say. Im just . . . really sorry.
Why do you grow a conscience now when you had none before? the goblin asked.
Hey, I had a conscience. I mean, I always have a conscience. I was doing what I thought was a good thing. I took the Ore for a good cause, he finished lamely. Sounds so stupid now.
What cause?
Im helping  a friend. Someone in a lot of trouble. Thats why were out here, in fact. A terrible thought gripped him. Is Stas all right? What did you do to him, anyway?
The dwarf? Hes asleep. An herbal infusion in a volatile liquid matrix. Justin looked at the goblin blankly. I threw it, it broke, vapors went everywhere, including into his lungs. He fell asleep. Hell awaken soon enough.
Justin thought about this. For a goblin, youre . . . dont take this the wrong way, but 
Im one of a kind, yes, I know. An intelligent goblin. Not a servitor, not a slave. A free agent with ambition, desire, and wherewithal. But thats just the point you need to understand: I dont have to be the only one. Thats why I amassed that fortune in Ore  so I could take care of the whelps Id stolen away as well. Raise them properly. Then theyd all be like me. A fierce, soaring tone had overtaken her voice.
Im living proof that the goblins are misunderstood and criminally mismanaged. My entire race is being kept from their potential as an industrious, peaceful, cultured people. They are whelped by dwarves who assume goblins have limited interest in the world, and that they can and will eat any old thing, so they are fed garbage and raised in environments deprived of the stimuli necessary for proper mental development. The assumption turns into the outcome: dwarves think goblins are idiots, so they treat them like idiots, and idiots they become.
Justin had trouble following this. There were just too many pieces of information missing from the picture for him to make total sense of it, and he felt acutely that they should get a move on; hed spotted the volcano, and Stas kept saying they werent safe out in the wilds. After the marsh hare, Justin was not about to argue with him. So, you planned to raise those stolen whelps with the stolen Ore?
The goblin nodded soberly. To prove that goblins are not natural-born slaves. That we are instead an oppressed people.
Justin hung his head. Wow. Uh. I had no idea, he stammered idiotically. By comparison, the kids ambition to regain his body, then his throne, seemed narrow and self-serving. Maybe I can convince the kid to do something about the goblins once hes reclaimed his authority, Justin thought. Until then . . . 
Look, he said. Youve obviously been following us around since we first met 
Us? The goblin looked at him queerly. She glanced back at Stas.
Me. I mean, me, Justin said. Woah, nearly blew the kids cover. Im using the Ore to get a very special coin made. So I can help someone out. I think he might be able to help you once his problem is taken care of, but in the meantime, I think I can spare some of the Ore. If you want, he finished lamely.
The goblins eyes were cold and sharp as bronze spear points. You mean my Ore?
Not really your Ore, is it, though? You stole it all.
I came by it through honest thieving, not armed robbery! Not violence!
Whats the difference, though? Stealing is stealing, right? Justin felt his temper rising.
Thievery requires cleverness and skill. Thuggery requires only instincts and muscle and a brutes lack of morality.
Justin ran his hands through his hair. Im trying to help you out here, he said. Believe me, I know almost nothing about how things work in this place. Everything Id read, or almost everything . . . its just wrong. Off somehow. I feel bad about the goblins, I really do. But I cant give you back all the Ore. In the long run, the way Im going to use it will be of greater benefit to the goblins anyway. I promise you that. Meantime, if you want some, you can meet me, say, three days after we return from this quest? Ill come out during the day and you can meet me by the willy oak. You can have some of your hard-earned stolen Ore back.
The goblin considered the offer thoughtfully.
Otherwise, theres no way youre getting into the coinworks. Youd never see any of your Ore again.
The goblin sighed and nodded, then scratched some dirt into her palm, spat on it, and rubbed the two together to make a smear of mud. This she proffered Justin in a handshake.
He hesitated, then did the same. The goblins grasp was firm, warm, and no-nonsense. She grinned at him with sharp teeth that stuck out at odd angles. He swallowed his discomfort at the sight and smiled back.
Whats your name, by the way? he asked. Mines Justin.
I know. Ive overheard it several times. Before Justin could ask when  just how much had he been followed, and how closely?  the goblin continued. Mine is Daisy.
Justin turned to retrieve his gear. Daisy doesnt seem like a very gobliny name, he observed.
My mother wasnt a goblin, and she adored flowers.
Wait, so youre half-goblin?
No, my birth-parents were obviously goblins. My hearth-mother, the one who raised me, was a dwarf.
Oh. Justin slipped the coin beneath his armor and felt its warmth ease into his chest. Thats unusual, then? In the Realm?
Daisy laughed her unpleasant goblin laugh. Less unusual than half-breeds. At Justins confused expression, she continued, The folk of the Realm cant interbreed. Though many try. Especially dwarves, she chuckled.
Justin waited for more of an explanation, but Stas was stirring with a sound of pebbles grating over each other on a rocky seashore. Daisy gave him another hard look and whispered, Remember your promises. To me, and to my people. Then without a sound, she vanished into the wood.
Shaking his head, Justin went over to the cart and cleared away the broken glass of Daisys potion or whatever it was. The rest of the liquid had already evaporated, leaving a faint, innocuous stain on the boards. He dug a waterskin out from the supplies just behind the drivers bench and briefly wondered how it was that the ponies hadnt collapsed along with Stas. Daisy must know what shes doing, he mused.
Stas spluttered and cursed as Justin poured some water on his face. He shot upright suddenly, swinging fists like pink granite wildly around him. He connected with the back of the bench and howled, then wiped the water from his eyes and blinked blearily at Justin.
Wha happened?
You just fainted, I think, said Justin. I got back a few minutes ago and you were just passed out.
The dwarf slung his head between his hands and rolled it back and forth. Feels like I spent a week at the pub, he groaned. Dwarves arent meant for heights, I tell you.
Do you feel okay? Like we can continue?
Stas took a long swig from the skin Justin offered, then rumbled, Yeah. A week at the pub aint as bad as two, and the Deep Ones know Ive spent that and more at times in my life.
Good, Justin said brightly. Because the volcanos just ahead.

CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE


After a slow, difficult descent into the valley  the cart was full of some heavy equipment Stas had kept under wraps the entire time, not suffering Justin even to ask about it, and its weight gave the ponies a hard time  Stas hitched up alongside a sizable lake that stretched up most of the valleys length.
Perfect, perfect, he said, smacking his hands together gleefully. Come on, lad.
They unlocked a special grate in the back of the cart and dragged out a length of what looked like a flat canvas hose  nearly a fire hose, except that it was thickly coated with some slightly tacky black stuff. Stas rummaged under the tarp and heaved out a solid-looking metal and wood block, through which he fed the end of the hose. On the other side, he pinned the hose open with a metal collar that screwed in. Gesturing to Justin, Stas grabbed a handle on one side of the block, and Justin followed suit. Together, they carried the block down to waterside and splashed in deep enough to drop the block completely underwater.
Chortling to himself, Stas rigged some metal frame at the end of the cart and said, Watch and learn, lad. Then he started driving down the overgrown lakeside trail.
The frame fed the hose smoothly out the back of the cart, laying down a canvas track behind the cart. Justin stood for a few minutes, trying to figure out what the dwarf was up to.
Stas called, Well, whatre you waiting for? The real shows up ahead! 
The trail veered off at the edge of the volcanos base, an expanse of fine ash and chunks of volcanic rock; low brush had overtaken some of it already, steadily moving upslope toward the edge of the wide, blunt cone above. Instead of following the trail, which seemed to follow the forest as it curved away from the volcano, Stas drove the team straight on toward the cone. The soft accumulation of volcanic matter made the going rough, and Justin had to get out and push more than once.
Stas would often slow the team, stand up, and sniff deeply. Then hed adjust their course slightly and drive on. Justin asked him about this.
Dwarves have a nose for the underground, dont you know, Stas said. Theres a cavern here somewhere, perhaps a series, and thats where the salamanders will be.
Finally a sharp tug halted their progress and Stas cursed. The intake hoses given out. Well walk on from here and hope the circulation rig has enough range for you. After checking to make sure the hose was still attached to whatever it need to be attached to under the tarp, Stas hobbled the ponies with the reins and led Justin further upslope. There was no vegetation here, and their feet sank into the fine, dark silt. A sulfurous tang laced every breath. The sun was blocked out by the massive curve of the cone above them.
Ach, look! Stas said, slapping Justins thigh. Ahead, a deep slit ran across the side of the slope.
That doesnt look promising, Justin observed. I might not even fit in there.
Well, its the only opening weve got in range. Lets get you suited up!
Back at the cart, Stas winked at Justin before sweeping the tarp off with as much flourish as his height allowed him. A complicated bunch of tarnished machinery lay underneath.
Stas looked like he expected Justin to say something, so Justin did. Looks . . . complicated. It looks like hes hauling stuff to the junkyard, he thought.
Help me with the rig, said Stas, and they heaved out what seemed to be an angular sarcophagus with limbs that swung back and forth stiffly on hinged joints. Stas attached two hoses to this, one by the buttocks and a smaller one at the side of the head. A large metal box hung off the back, its top open to the sky, and a thick glass plate made up most of the face area.
Well? Stas asked, his eyes twinkling.
Justin regarded the contraption skeptically, then looked at the dwarf. Im supposed to get in this thing, arent I?
The dwarf nodded happily.
But . . . whats it for?
Keeping you alive. Displace the massive heat youll be exposed to. Its liquid-cooled: watch!
The dwarf swung himself onto the cart and clambered into a small seat with, of all things, a pair of pedals at their base. He flipped some rusty levers, reclined the seat somehow, and started pedaling.
Nothing happened.
After several minutes of more nothing, Justin asked, What . . . are you doing?
The dwarf huffed in rhythm with his motions, Drawing water . . . from the lake . . . watch the hose!
Justin went around back and watched the hose. After a few more minutes, he saw it gradually swell until it was plump, then taut. A splashing sound drew him to the side of the machinery, where another hose spilled water out on the ground.
 Stas flipped another lever  a squealing one this time  and stopped pedaling. He climbed down, wiping sweat off his face with a rag. Well? he said.
Justin pointed to the dribble of water from the outlet hose. How does that water cool 
Dont be daft, laddie. I cant send the water through the circuit when the circulation hose is coiled up. Burst the works, no sally-ally-manderlin for you today. Or any day. He led Justin back to the surreal metal suit. Once we uncoil the circulation hose, itll send water all round the inside of the suit, then draw the hot water back to the outlet hose. Should keep you near cool enough to be able to think in there.
Whats the box thingy for?
Oh, right! Stas snapped his fingers, then climbed the drivers bench and brought out a bulky metal suitcase. He tossed this to Justin; it was much lighter than it looked. Thats for the stomach. Close the clasps, toss it in the box, and get out quick as you can. The dwarf eyed the suit with modest disapproval. I wanted to build in a steam-ventilation system, which wouldve been more efficient, but I had to make do with what we had round the works. So its got to be quick in, quick out. He rummaged around some more and brought down a lantern with him.
Setting the lantern on the ground, he said, Well?
Well, what? Justin said.
Take off your clothes, then.
My what?
Everything but smallclothes. If you have any. Cant tell with outlanders and other uncivilized folk, the dwarf muttered as he detached a long, thin tool from the side of the machine and started flipping open clasps on the suit with it.
Justin paused, then began taking off his armor, then his clothing. He had to trust the dwarf knew what he was doing, he supposed. Theres nothing else I could do, I guess. The coin probably wont protect me from volcanic heat, and I cant take the chance. Cant contact the kid about the matter now, either.
In nothing but his underwear  which Stas treated with a quizzical look  and the coin at his neck, Justin climbed into the suit and let Stas clasp him in. The world was wavy through the glass, and it quickly grew stuffy. He tried moving around; with the coins strength, it was quite manageable. Cloth pads had been placed wherever his body contacted the inside of the suit as he moved.
He carefully turned around and picked up the lantern, which Stas had lit, and the case, which he clanked awkwardly into the box at his back. Then he retrieved Nameless from his pile of armor.
A muffled click sounded hear his head and cool, fresh air seeped into the suit. Stass voice echoed tinnily as well: Lad, can you hear me?
Uhh, yes. What do I do to talk to you? Can you hear me?
Clear as the sirens song. Using a little talky tube Ive got here. Ive got the circulation hose ready. Shunting water your way now.
A faint, pulsing whoosh echoed in the suit. Justins skin started to prickle with an increasing chill, and Stass voice returned with the punctuated rhythm of the pedaling. Hows that feel, eh? Got your knobbles knurled?
Uh, yeah. I guess. Knobbles? Its definitely cold in here.
Well, get a move on! Chalens own gaping maw awaits thee! Stas cackled.
Justin slogged up the track he and the dwarf had laid in the silt; in the heavy suit, it was even slower going. He talked as he walked.
So where will I find the salamanders?
Deep inside, where the magma is. They like to swim in it.
Can this suit handle that?
Magma swimming? No, no, nonononono. Dont try it, lad. Grab one thats taking a breather on the dam. Thats what Id do.
Dam?
According to the old tales, salamanders build great dams of ash and pumice to hold in the magma. They make lakes, like beavers. Funnel the excess outside so the whole thing doesnt blow. Course, it has to, sometime, salamanders or no.
Old tales, Stas? Justin was starting to get that queasy feeling again.
Listen: nobodys ever seen a salamander. Ever. Nobody alive, that is. And maybe even nobody whos ever lived. This is all weve got to go on.
Justin stopped. How do we even know there are salamanders in there?
We dont. But wont it be fun to look? The dwarfs cackle shrilled in his ear again.
Not for the human barbeque, Justin thought darkly. He took a deep breath and tried to remind himself why he was even here: to help, to be a hero. Have an adventure.
He started off again. Soon, the dark slit into the volcano loomed ahead, and he hesitated for only a moment before he descended into it.
To his surprise, the rocky floor began to level out, then curved back upward, so that he struggled up a slope inside the volcano. The ceiling was close above, and he could scarcely see ten feet ahead for the vapors that swirled everywhere.
Lad? Stass voice came very faintly now.
Im here, Justin said. Going up a slope of some kind. I feel much warmer now, too.
Steady on, then, Stas replied.
Stas, I can barely hear you, though. Tell me, what do the stories say about salamanders? What kind of danger can I expect? I dont need any marsh hare surprises in here, he thought.
Theyre ungodly hot. No claws or teeth so far as anyone knows; they just burn and melt whatever they need to. Tis said they drink magma, the very blood of the earth.
And what about their stomachs?
Not much anatomical detail in old legends, lad. But theres a saying about salamanders stomachs  could be the hottest part of the beast.
Gotcha.
Ahead, a vast rosy light began to fill the horizon. The vapors gave way and Justin found himself approaching the lip of a cone; it looked for all the world like a volcano within the volcano. Huh, Justin thought. Weirder and weirder.
The light grew in intensity, as did the heat. He sweated now, but it wasnt any more uncomfortable than a summer day outside.
Finally he stepped high enough to see over the lip, and he nearly lost his balance as a blast of heat assaulted his suit.
A lake of dull orange magma stretched as far as he could see. Its surface gently roiled, folding fresh, bright-red liquid over the darker putty-like spills of cooling material. The air above wavered, miragelike, and all along the shore lounged smooth-skinned, eyeless beasts the size of pickup trucks.
Their skin mimicked the network of red and orange cracks in the darker surface lava; the colored markings seemed to glow faintly as they breathed, and occasionally one would crack open a crescent-shaped mouth at the end of its wide, wedge-shaped head to run a bright orange tongue along its lips. Justin could see no teeth, and while their four-toed limbs didnt seem to end in claws, either, a double ridge of crystalline, rainbow-colored spikes ran along each ones spine to the tip of its tail.
Through the heat waves, Justin could see more sets of these spikes slicing a path through the cooling surface magma, their owners completely submerged.
Stas, he said, trying to keep any quaver from his voice. Theyve got . . . razor spikes. Crystal razor spikes.
Stas said something in reply.
Louder, Justin said in a louder voice himself.
Whatever you do, protect the hoses! Stas said. Justin could tell he was shouting, but he sounded like he was one hill over.
Right. Justin tightened his grip on Nameless and thought about his next move. If I take one on by the lake, it could knock me in. Plus Im feeling the heat now. Not good.
Cautiously, Justin approached the tail of one of the nearest salamanders. Can they drop their tail like lizards? he briefly wondered, but the question was academic. He was about to find out.

CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO


Before he took the next step, he paused. For all the ferocity of the heat, the threatening glitter of the crystal spikes, and the strange, gaping maws and eyeless heads of the giant creatures, the scene emanated a peacefulness that Justin had yet to encounter in the Realm. Here, no other monster would dare approach. The salamanders lair, and apparently their very bodies, were deterrent enough. They swam in the magma, and dragged themselves ashore, and let their kin nose them over and lick them clean; Justin could see this process in its several stages along the stretch of nearby shore.
He found that he didnt really want to seize and butcher one of these things. As he hesitated, most of his suit exposed to the brunt of the magmas radiance, he thought of returning empty-handed to the coinworks. No coin, no body for the kid, no crown. No more quests. And for the dwarves, nothing as well. Their demeanor had changed so much in the time Justin had known them  they were gleefully animated now, busy with plans and arguments, their minds fully engaged in a way that Justin suspected they hadnt experienced in months. Perhaps even years. A further thought occurred to him: Nothing for the goblins, either. The kid wouldnt have the power to change anything for the better.
So it was, feeling that more was riding on his success now than at any other time since he set foot into the Realm, that Justin moved right up beside a salamander and braced himself. His suit was alive with pops and squeals now, and little puffs of steam occasionally obscured his vision. He realized it was the heat from the beast, evaporating his coolant before it could be pumped out.
Im inside a big pressure cooker, he realized in a rush, then sprinted as best he could and threw his arms around the tree trunk of the salamanders back leg.
The heat instantly ran up into his suit, scorching his skin wherever the suit made contact with the beast. He shouted in pain, then drew on the coin for a burst of strength and heaved the salamander behind him, back down the slope.
Stas was screaming something into his ear, but Justin could make out nothing over the agonized wheezing and squealing of the suit. He was also moaning now with his own agonies, as blisters on his skin were crushed and rubbed against the suits padding.
He followed the salamander down the slope, falling in little hops. The beast had landed on its back, but righted itself just as Justin reached it. It braced on all fours, turned to face the top of the slope, raised its rows of spikes like hackles, and rapidly vibrated them with a loud thwit.
The resultant shockwave knocked Justin onto his back. It split his faceplate into three large chunks, a ragged, lower-case y-shaped crack separating them. He could feel his exposed skin start to scorch as well, then he timeshifted.
To his surprise, the pain of the heat didnt lessen as the world slowed. He gritted his teeth as he panicked, thinking wildly that the pain would never end, that hed go blind or lose his nose or his lips.
Somehow, his rational side asserted itself. Your skin isnt burning any faster, it said. It hurts, but you have time to do what you need to do now. Do it.
He simply listened and obeyed, forcing the suit up. His muscles strained against its inertia, but he managed to tip himself into a crouch, then forward, onto the salamander. The heat gradually began to rise again, but Justin had already plunged Nameless into the beasts side and smoothly opened it. Glowing muscle fibers spilled out, and a bright, white-yellow fluid that hissed into vapor as it spattered the ground in slow motion. 
The blade started to glow as well as it absorbed the unimaginable heat of the creature, then transferred that heat directly into Justins hand. The change was slow enough for Justin to continue his blind butchery for the moment, but he didnt know how long it would be before his hand was crippled. Soon.
 Come on, come on, stomach, stomach, he chanted to himself as he clove alongside the salamanders throat. The idiotic mantra helped distract him from the searing pain that engulfed most of his flesh now, particularly his face.
The salamander thrashed in slow motion against his blade, and Justin easily compensated for its motions. Its insides blazed with a yellowish light that was perceptibly dimming as it lost blood. The eyeless head gawped in Justins direction, but he was close up against its body and protected against whatever it thought to do.
Layers of tissue parted, and tendons and bones, and great slimy veils Justin could not name, and then he found what seemed could be nothing other than the esophagus and began tracing it back to its root deep in the body. His arms were shaking now with the strain of forcing the suit to keep up with his timeshifted body.
Stomach, stomach, he chanted internally. An image of a stadium full of cheering fans flashed through his half-delirious mind; he and the salamander struggled midfield, the turf burned away in a bullseye of ash and parched earth.
Then he cut through some tissue and revealed a compact nova.
Cutting around it was the hardest thing Justin thought hed ever done in life: he could scarcely see what he was doing, and he was sure his face was swelling up with pus, and little jets of steam kept blasting out of the joints of his suit to further obscure his work.
But somehow he got the thing loose and onto the ground  he had to toss Nameless down as well, for it was getting to be as bright as the salamanders guts then fumbled out the suitcase for it, flipped open the catches with the back of his right-hand knuckles, and scooped the stomach in. Closing it again was a task unto itself, since his right hand had curled up like a dead spider and the suits fingers were thick and hardly nimble.
He dropped the case in the box with a deep, timeshifted bang, then grabbed Nameless by the handguard and turned to stumble away from the dying beast. He had to strain with all his strength against the inertia of his suit.
Once he felt the heat drop inside the suit, he released the timeshift and turned to look at his handiwork.
The salamander lay unmoving, seeping glowing fluids onto the floor of the cavern. Its light was nearly gone now, but it was illuminated by a dancing succession of bright shadows. Justin traced them upslope to their source.
A nightmarish avalanche of salamanders was waddling down at him.
Some paused in the mass to raise their spikes and shiver out a thwit of questing force. Justin saw deep ruts cut into the ash and rock all around the dead creature.
Before he could turn to run, a thunderous boom reverberated through the entire chamber, and an enormous salamander head exploded from the side of the cone, sending a geyser of magma spurting over the advancing horde. Like a broken dam, the rest of the cones lip disintegrated as the massive beast half-clawed, half-swam forward, bringing a wave of magma gliding over its unconcerned kin.
Justin thought the salamanders heat had seared all the liquid from his body, but he felt a cool slickness between his legs then.
He turned and jumped downslope, sometimes scraping against the lowering ceiling of volcanic rock. Too tired to timeshift, he hoped he had enough energy to make it out ahead of the raging cascade at his back. Hed dropped the lantern long ago, but he could just make out the way ahead in the infernal lightplay.
When he reached level ground, he could once again hear Stas. Boy, you alive in there?! Boy, say something!
Im alive! Justin croaked. His utterly dry mouth made speaking almost impossible. Get the ponies ready!
Why, what  Ive got to pedal!
Weve got to run!
But the suit, the pump 
DO IT, Stas!
Justin heard a cursing and clattering that grew faint, then faded out.
As he started climbing upslope, toward the great gash of day in the subterranean murk, Justin was yanked back by his hoses. Almost without thinking, he settled Namelesss grip in his left hand and whirled around, slicing through the hoses in one clean arc. He caught a glimpse of the giant salamander  it would not have fit inside his house  and the trapped hoses running underneath its bulk before he completed his turn.
Its spikes were raised. Thwit.

CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE


Justin kicked off with his right foot, leaping up and to the side as the blast wave struck the ground around him. The force flipped his heels up and he crashed into the slope on his upper back, then slid awkwardly down in a tangle of limbs.
He checked for the stomach case by banging his useless right hand on it, then leaned on Nameless to push himself upright and stumbled onward.
As he emerged from the volcano, the heat dropped away completely. He gasped in wisps of cool air through his cracked faceplate and hustled down the length of the hose, his burns screaming at every step.
Stas had unhitched the ponies and was stuffing saddlebags with supplies. Tach and Tan! he said, wide-eyed, as Justin ran up to the cart.
Get me out of this!
Stas fumbled around for the clasp tool, then disappeared from Justins view. Moments later, a blessed shower of cool air poured over his body as the suit swung open. He fell back onto the ashy soil and panted.
Stas stuck the spout of a waterskin in his mouth and he sucked it dry, groaning and spluttering. Then Justin forced himself to stand and rasped, Quick. Got to run.
Why, lad? The case feels hot  did you not get the stomach?
Yeah, I got the stomach. Thats why weve got to run. Justin pointed back at the cave entrance, which was no longer dark, but full of weird, glowing shapes.
Stas yelped and ran back to the saddlebags. Justin gingerly touched the handle of the stomach case, found it to be warm but not hot, and grabbed it. He set it down by his pile of armor and clothing, then dragged Nameless over and awkwardly sheathed the blade, pinning the scabbard to his body with his right arm. Then he tried, and failed, to get the sword belt around his waist.
Help me! he cried.
Stas came over and fixed the belt tight on his waist. The leather burned where it touched his skin and he cried out in pain.
Lad, I thought you went in to kill em, not kiss em, the dwarf said, cocking an eyebrow. Looks like you had a bit of a toss.
Justin managed a tight grin. Yes and no. Do you have something to wrap the case in?
The dwarf pulled off the canvas tarp and rolled the stomach case up in it. He quickly wrapped some rope around the bundle and tied it off.
A vast hissing and burbling, punctuated by fainter thwits, arose from the direction of the volcano.
Get up, lad! Stas said, hurrying over to a pony and unhobbling it.
I dont know how! Justin said. Ive never ridden anything but a bicycle!
Just . . . throw your leg over!
Justin tried, but he drew too much on the coin and sent himself spinning over the ponys back. He awkwardly landed on one stiffened leg, hopping a few times to keep from falling.
No time for games, boy! Stas barked. He flung a hand over the ponys back for Justin to grasp, who managed to seat himself without trouble this time. Stas tossed the wrapped case at him, then flung the saddlebags over the other pony, undid its reins, and nimbly leaped astride.
By now, a wave of lava was coasting steadily toward them, blackening and wrinkling in gooey folds even as it immolated every bush and sapling it engulfed.
Come on, ta! Stas whipped his reins about and set the pony trotting back along the trail theyd cut through the ashfield with the cart. Justin tried to do the same without result.
Stas, hey! he shouted. I dont know how to do this!
Stas wheeled his pony around and started cursing in a deep, granitic tongue that was all consonants and clashing angles. He grabbed Justins reins and tied them to his own, then shouted, Ta, ta! again, which got both ponies moving at a steady clip.
Once they hit the forest trail, Stas pulled up and they turned back to look. In the distance, a great fire belched out smoke where the cart had been caught in the crawling devastation. Dark, moving humps of lava bristled with crystal spikes that rose and fell, circling the remains of the cart like sharks.
Stas cursed one last time. That was the best gearwork Id done in a long age. He eyed Justin. Looks like it saved your hide, at least.
Parts of it, yeah, Justin said, looking over his own skin at last. It was all angry pink where it wasnt yellow and black. He still couldnt move his right hand much, and he felt heat radiating off his face and thighs. His underwear had burned into his skin where it wasnt wet with urine, and he didnt want to even think about moving the coin on his chest. He was dead certain the coin was the only reason he was still alive  again. Surveying his injuries, Justin wondered how in the hell he was going to make it back to the coinworks without clothing, much less treatment.
Lets get down to the lake; the lava seems not to be stopping, Stas observed. They set off down the trail, and every step his pony took sent a jolt of fire through the blistered skin between Justins thighs. The riding was awkward for him as well, requiring muscles in his legs, hips, and back that werent used to working in that way.
Justin began to drift off in black waves of pain. A searing sensation in his thigh awoke him suddenly  it was Stas steadying him with a hand on his pinked skin; hed started to slide off his mount.
After an endless stretch of alternating between agonized wakefulness and oblivion, they reached the shore where the end of the hose still lay submerged. Stas dismounted and tethered both ponies on a tree, then started rummaging in a saddlebag as Justin slid with a hoarse cry from his own mount.
Stas held out a tiny golden coin, pierced through the middle and hanging from a gold chain. It seemed flimsy and thin, like play money.
This might help, the dwarf said. But youll have to take off the other coin; might set up some dire interference.
What is it? Justin thought if he removed his own coin, hed surely collapse.
A quickheal coin. Stas looked guilty. Not supposed to make these without elven help. Theres some trick they work at the very end of the smithing process  stupidly simple, but blast me if I can figure it out  that makes em function. I . . . made this on me own. Just to see if elves were necessary to the process after all.
Justin eyed the bright dollop in the dwarfs rough, lightly hairy palm. Does it work?
Stas kicked the ground. Not on dwarves, nor goblins. Its not meant to, anyway; its an elven quickheal design. They heal impressively quick to begin with, so the coin is really just an amplifier of the natural process. I thought . . . you being sorta elvish . . . why not try it?
Justin looked around at the forest and felt every inch of his body venting angry heat. Can I even sit down without fainting from the pain? But he knew he would soon have to get off his feet, even if Stass theory about his elvishness was absurd. Sure. But I need to lie down.
Stas cut and dragged over some smooth reeds to make a bed, then unwrapped the tarp from the stomach case and spread it out on top. He produced a couple of glass jars with wide corks in them and hesitated before saying, And, yknow, theres this stuff from Tatiana. For burns. She gave it to me before we set off, said you might need it. But you dont have to use it  I mean, it smells godsawful and my coinll probably do the trick. Dont want to put anything on burnt flesh anyhow.
Justin thought of Tatiana preparing the ointment, anticipating his wounds, and felt an odd inner warmth. A wave of dizziness swayed him on his feet, and he said, I dunno. Her treatment helped me last time. Might as well.
He crouched so the dwarf could reach his back. Nonplussed, Stas stood for a moment, then slowly began to apply the stuff to Justins wounds. He turned out to be right on both counts: it stank, and it hurt. Justin gritted his teeth through the process, then lay down on the tarp and started to lift his coin from where it had sunk into his flesh.
That was shockingly painful and he blacked out for a moment. When he came to, Stas knelt by him, a look of excitement on his face.
Its working! Praise the Deep Ones!
Justin lifted his head to see the tiny golden coin on his chest. It twinkled faintly with more than sunlight, and a slight coolness radiated from it. Justin gestured weakly. Tatianas salve . . ." he said.
Stass look turned grumpy, but he opened the jar and began coating Justins front.
Justin passed out then and dreamed he floated just under the surface of Lake Badoom. The cool waters clung to his body like bed sheets as blue sunlight filtered down. At his back, in the depths, something suddenly moved.
It was still daylight when he awoke again. Sparse trees passed by on either side. He was being dragged over the ground.
Stas! he shouted, scrabbling for Nameless.
Im here, lad, Stas said from somewhere above and behind him. Youre in a stretcher. Got to move out of the valley.
Fighting another black wave, Justin said, Why?
Its on fire, Stas replied grimly.
Justin dragged his head upright for a moment, looking back along the trail. Above the canopy rose a wall of dark, swirling smoke.
Then his head dropped back again and he plunged underwater once more.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR


The smell of fresh bread woke Justin. It had become a rare smell during his time in the Realm, and for a few minutes he lay in his bed, breathing it in, letting it settle into his tissues, his very bones.
Then he cautiously sat up, feeling loose bandages along his entire body. A slight heat ran under the bandages, and, in many places, an itching that might soon become problematic.
On a side table lay two loaves, one dark, one light, along with a small pot of what looked like butter and a knife to spread it with. 
Justin needed no more invitation than this, and set to.
As he crammed hunks of the delicious stuff into his mouth, the kid arose silently by the foot of the bed. He stood there, watching Justin.
Justin chewed and swallowed. Hey, he said. Back. Got the stomach. It sucked.
Youre not wearing the coin I gifted you, the kid said tonelessly.
Justin paused, stung. Youre welcome, he said, ripping off another hunk. Nice to see you alive again, too. Or half-alive. Whatever you are.
Its important to stay safe in the Realm, the kid continued. The only real protection you have extends from what remains of my powers, not some trinket like this  the kid glided over and extended a shadowy digit toward the golden chain still around Justins neck. He could feel the tiny coin and its coolness against his chest, under a bandage.
Yeah. Well. Sue me. This thing works pretty well, it seems. How come your coin cant heal a guy, huh?
The kid lunged forward, bringing his face right up to Justins. Even at that distance, Justin couldnt make out any features in the dim mass. My coin is designed to prevent such wounds, if the bearer is sensible enough to use it well.
Justin chewed calmly for a minute. What is this kids problem? he thought. I nearly die, do something never before done in the history of the Realm  well, far as I can tell  all to help him out, and he acts like a maniac just because I take off his coin. Cause its not helping at the moment and has fused with my skin.
Finally, he said, Look, Ive been using it well, wouldnt you say? Im two for two so far. Theres one last ingredient to get, then youre restored and on your way back to the throne. No need to start being a jerk because I switch coins when I need to.
The kid hovered in front of Justin for a minute more, then slowly moved across the room, drifting around aimlessly. He sighed, then said, Youre right. Im so sorry. I just . . . worry about you. If you take off the coin, I cant help you directly. I dont know why you didnt call on me this time. His tone had turned petulant, hurt.
I couldnt hear anything under the volcano. Besides, I had it under control. It was a lot more straightforward than finding the marsh hares heart. Harder to do, but . . . I did it! Justin crowed. A surge of pride bubbled up within him and he couldnt help himself.
True . . . my hero, the kid said softly.
A knocking at the door sent him instantly under the bed again.
Come in, Justin had no sooner said than Stas was at his side, the door banging against the wall in his wake.
Merciful Motherlode, you are a wonder and no mistake! the dwarf laughed, moving to slap Justin on the back, then recovering his senses and clapping his hands together instead.
Tatiana entered the room, followed by her goblin aide-in-training, who started clearing away the bread plate to make room for the medical tray the woman bore.
Ah, ah, ah, Stas said, grabbing the plate and tossing the remaining loaf to Justin. He hopped up on the dresser and started crunching away at the other half-loaf. Good, aint she?
Justin looked Tatiana in the eyes and said, Yes. The ointment was very effective. Thank you.
Stas looked between them quizzically and said, No, I meant Svetla.
Tatianas eyes twinkled as Justin felt heat surge in his cheeks. She bent over him, plucking at the wrappings on his back while Stas continued.
Breads from her. The boys and I went over to do a bit of bartering, overheard her wagging her tail about the country bumpkin shed taken in for half a years earnings. Well, we had some words then. Convinced her theres a balance in your favor on the books, and not a soul in that mill would gainsay us. So . . ." he held up the bread. Weekly deliveries for a while!
Tatiana had unwrapped the uppermost layer of Justins bandages. She looked over his exposed chest and shoulders, then nodded. The ointment is very effective, she said, then bent close to Justins ear. Youre welcome, she said low enough for Stas to miss over his enthusiastic crunching.
Justin stiffened and felt a mad urge to kiss her. She was the only familiar creature in the whole world, not to mention one of the most attractive women Justin had seen this close. Thoughts awhirl, he jabbed his head toward her.
Their cheekbones collided and he yipped in surprise. The skin of his face was as raw as the rest of him.
Tatiana pulled back and gave him a look that was half-glare, half-question. Watch it, you goose, she said. Lean back. I was trying to get at your next wrap.
Justin would have buried his burning face in his hands, if not for the pain. Then again, he thought, the pain might make me black out . . . 
As Tatiana progressively stripped, examined, and rebandaged him, Justin tried to keep his gaze on Stas, and not on the occasional curves he could glimpse through Tatianas worn work clothes.
So . . . last thing I remember, you were dragging me out on a stretcher, Justin offered.
Yah.
Why was that? Youd just smeared me with, uh, Tatianas ointment.
Through a mouthful, Stas mumbled, Valley caught fire.
The whole valley?
Stas nodded.
Because of what I did?
Stas considered this, then shrugged assent.
Oh man . . . I didnt intend to set, you know, a whole valley on fire. Thats . . . thats horrible, Justin said, the truth of it dawning in his mind as he spoke the words.
Stas swallowed. Actually, not so. Place was full of beast-men. I didnt know till we escaped; then I could hear their horns bleating and blatting all over as the fire spread. Come to think of it, he said, threading crumbs out of his fiery beard, parts of the lake region hereabouts, and more remote to the east, have had regular trouble with their raids for some time. That must have been their campgrounds . . . Justin! he chortled, grinning. Youve driven away a band of beast-men! Waitll the boys hear that!
Justin looked at Tatiana, who treated him to a small, dimpled smile. His heart leapt.
But what about all the animals living in the valley? They must have died in the fire, or at least lost their homes, he thought aloud.
Pssh. Beast-mens servants, Stas said, waving a dismissive hand. When he saw Justin waited for more, he explained, Why dyou think theyre called beast-men, then? They speak the languages of wild creatures and make them do their bidding. Trust me, whatever lived wild in that valley wasnt living right in the first place. Now, theyre all either dead or freed. Out of the beast-mens reach in either case.
Seeing he wasnt quite convinced, Tatiana added, Its true. Beast-men bears nearly had me once.
Justins eyes widened. When?
Oh, I dont remember it directly. Tatiana seemed reluctant to say any more suddenly. A faraway look had crept into her eyes. Just listen to the submaster, she said, and busied herself with her work, her expression hooded.
An awkward silence settled over the group.
Wondering what to say next, Justin remembered more details from the adventure. Stas, you were . . . cursing, I guess? In another language. I couldnt understand it, but it sounded serious.
Stas laughed. Aye, that was Stoneheart. The ancient dwarven tongue. Only used for ceremonies now.
And cursing.
Stas spread out his hands. Cursings ceremonial!
Justin laughed and the awkwardness began to ebb from the room. And another thing. I was in that suit a long time, yet you kept pedaling till I came out. To move that much water . . . you must be, like, super strong . . . ?
Stas flexed a bicep as big as Justins head and grunted. Tatiana snorted.
The dwarf pulled a coppery chain from a pocket. It passed through a small pierced coin of the same bright metal. Just an endurance coin. Theyre common enough around coinsmiths. Sometimes have to use em to get big jobs done on time. That is, he sighed, putting the coin away, when there were big jobs.
Tatiana said gently, Youre on a big job now.
Stas brightened. Damn right, woman! Tatiana shot him a look. I mean, apprentice to the master! Speaking of which, Justin, we need to talk.
The dwarf hopped down and produced a scroll that Justin recognized as a copy of the recipe. The last big ingredient  the unique ingredients, mind, that we cant bargain for, buy, scavenge or produce on our own  is a total mystery. We need your help figuring it out.
Feeling uneasy, Justin said, Uh, okay. Remember, I just found the recipe myself. I didnt make it up.
You couldnt have, lad, Stas said. The recipe describes the marsh hares heart, and the salamanders stomach, just as youve found them. Yet no one in the history of the Realm has ever heard of these things, much less acquired them. Or, honestly, been crazy enough to try, he muttered.
Anyway, this last ingredient has no description. It just says, Mastersign. Any ideas?
Justin bit his lip. The kid would know all about it, he thought. He said, Ill have to think about it. I have a good idea where to go for more information.
Tatiana shook her head. Youre going precisely nowhere for a few days.
A few days? Justin thought. Something bothered him . . . what was it?
Then he remembered: Daisy.
How long has it been since we got back? he asked.
Just a day. Youve made a remarkable recovery so far. More than mere glop o herbs could have managed, Stas said, squinting provocatively at Tatiana.
Tatiana swatted a bandage at him. Its true, she admitted. Your wee toy coin does seem to be speeding the process along. But  she said sternly, cutting Justin off, you are not to leave for another five days at the very least.
But I cant get the information I need unless 
Knowledge wont spoil, but your wounds might! Tatiana barked at him.
Cowed, Justin nodded meekly. Ill just have to sneak out somehow, he thought. Maybe Stas could help me . . . 
Welp, once youre well enough for a drink, Ill bring the boys in to celebrate your victory, the dwarf said, brushing the last of the crumbs off his person.
Our victory, Stas, Justin said. The submaster looked pleased and nodded. Then he moved to the door. But Stas, I have some more questions about these coins. Would you mind stopping by later to talk, if youre free?
Justin tried to sound casual, but something in his tone caught both Stass and Tatianas attention. They regarded each other warily for a moment. He can talk, but thats all, Tatiana said. Stas nodded solemnly, then winked at Justin and strolled out of the room.
Now for the rest of you, Tatiana said, whipping the blankets off Justins lower half.
His whole body jerked involuntarily. Uh, couldnt . . . could I do it myself? Or maybe . . ."
Tatiana pinned him with a steely look. I wouldnt trust you to change a chamber pot in your state. Or generally, for that matter.
Could your assistant, maybe . . . ? Justin said, hope squirming within him like a rat inside a sinking ship.
Podu? Shes never treated burns before. Theyre the trickiest wound to tend, actually; one mistake and infection can set in faster than an adder on a shrew. But if youd like to let her try . . . Im sure with your heros coin you could afford to lose a limb or two.
Justin swallowed hard.
Abruptly, Tatiana laughed a delightful, brassy laugh. It was strong and confident, and made Justin feel slightly better. She lifted up a semirigid mask with holes for the eyes, nostrils and mouth; the inside had been smeared with the smelly herbal ointment.
Or you could just put this on while we work and dream of . . . whatever you like, she finished, rolling her shoulders suggestively.
Justin was about to speak when she pushed at his chest, forcing him to shrink down to avoid the pain of contact, even through the fresh bandages. She shoved the mask on his face, which flared, then cooled.
Actually, you dont get to choose. And if I were you, Id guard my thoughts carefully with my root exposed, she said.
Justin felt the bandages start to come off his legs and groin, and tried to think of absolutely nothing at all.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE


After Justin was mercifully alone again, he heard the kid sniggering at his ear. You look like a great mockbody.
The mask muffled Justins words, so he spoke more loudly to compensate. Whats a mockbody?
Just what it sounds: a mock-up of a body.
For what?
Target practice, the kid laughed.
Ha. Ha.
The kid asked him about the successful quest then, and Justin related all he could. He decided to skip over his meeting with Daisy, thinking that the kid would be in a better position to make and keep promises once he had a body again. If I fail, he reasoned, it wont do the goblins any good anyway to have a disappointed shadow-king looking after them.
When he finished, the kid was silent for a while. Finally, he said, You did extremely well. Very quick thinking, and the courage to do what you must in spite of pain or fear.
Thanks, Justin said. He felt the warmth of pride bloom in his chest. Then he remembered what Stas had said about the third, and final, ingredient. So, whats the Mastersign in the recipe?
It is the symbol, the physical embodiment, of my authority. The coin must be stamped with it on both sides once it is cast, but before it has set.
Could you, like, draw it out for the dwarves? So they could make a die to stamp with?
The kid laughed. No, its much too complicated for dwarves, or for men like you. Even elves would grow dizzy at the sight of it. Only the original seal will do.
In spite of himself, Justin had felt another rush of pride at the phrase men like you. Okay, so I just go find it, right?
Its not that simple, the kid said worriedly. Its been so long since I was last in the Realm that I have no idea where it is.
No idea? But . . . it could be anywhere! Buried in the ground with treasure, sitting on a mantel somewhere, or in a pile of junk. A horrible thought strained Justins voice. Someone could have melted it down for scrap!
The kid said, Calm, calm. None of those is true, especially the last. The seal is made from a metal even dwarves cannot alter. Ill be more specific: I know exactly where it is. And I know its perfectly safe from Realmfolk. I just dont know where its resting place is.
What do you mean?
Before I was driven from my body and had to flee the Realm, I locked it with a spell in an iron chest. The chest itself is sealed up in stone, unknown to any but me. It lies beneath my throne, in my glorious capital, Banaildumin. Its just that . . . I have no idea where the capital is now.
So I could ask around  Justin began, but the kid interrupted.
No, thats not wise. The dwarves dont seem to have too long a memory, but the same wont be true of the elves, and I dont want word getting out to them before Im ready.
Why not?
They are vain, envious, and greedy creatures! If they knew what riches and power might await them in my capital, theyd move in immediately and begin slaughtering each other. With a great deal of ridiculous ceremony, the kid added sourly.
None of the landscape is familiar to you around here? Not the lake, the valley . . . the volcano?
The kid said, No.
So how are we  how am I supposed to find it? Without being able to straight up ask people about it?
The kid was silent for a long time. I dont know. I can only describe it to you, and you can begin your search.
But it could take months, even years! I doubt the dwarves will let me stay here that long . . . I mean, I dont even know if I want to stay that long. How much time is passing outside the Realm?
Ive told you time and again, that neednt concern you, the kid snapped. Once I have my body and my throne back, you will return and no one will have missed your absence.
Listen, I dont want to be like . . . like a knight of the Round Table, wandering around in a pathetic state for years chasing the Grail. I came here for, you know, action. Adventure. Heroics. And so far, so good, I guess. But scouring every mile of the Realm in search of a long-lost city you dont even know the general neighborhood of? Theres got to be a better way. Let me talk to people. I could find  I dont know  a witch or someone wise like that. A wise woman. An elder. An oracle. Something.
Youll find witches in short supply in the Realm, I fear.
Whys that?
I banned them during my reign. The tradition is lost. And good riddance.
Well, whatever! I need to talk to people about this if you ever expect me to find Banaildumin.
The kid sighed. It does seem a daunting task when you put it that way: scouring every mile. The Realm is larger than most people know.
I dont need to mention it by name, if thats what youre worried about. I could, uh, describe what it looks like, talk about a ruin, a very old city, something like that.
Very well, the kid said suddenly. So long as you dont name the place.
I promise. Now, whats it look like?
It was also known as the Crystal Labyrinth; I had most of the important buildings, including my palace, covered in crystal slabs that glittered in the sun and scattered all the colors of the Realm far and wide as day turned to night. Stars were caught and reflected in its edifices; the moon danced from eave to eave and along every column and cornice. Any light within half a mile was seized up by the great city and tossed back and forth like a plaything.
Wow . . . Justin let the image fill his mind. Be hard to miss that.
Yes, well, like I said: a lot of time has passed. The city could have been buried in an earthquake or swallowed by a sea. The crystal would remain intact, however; I enchanted it to resist all damage. You might ask about that, I suppose.
Cant you use your Spidey-sense or whatever to feel where the seal might be?
The kid said blankly, My what?
You can sense the coin you gave me, right? Why not the seal?
It has no intrinsic powers of its own; it just bears the master sign that is the complete map of my powers and purpose.
Justin paused. A . . . map? Of your purpose?
Yes.
That seems . . . kinda weird.
The kid chuckled. Its a glorified family crest, really.
So what is your purpose?
The kid leapt atop the bed and spread his arms to the ceiling. To rule!
Right, Justin said. A great weariness was pulling him down into the warmth of the bed. Well, my purpose right now is to sleep, Justin started to say, but a soft knocking at the door interrupted him.
Yes? he called after the kid had hidden himself.
It was Stas. He stealthily closed the door behind him, then came over to the bed.
Ach, laddie, shes a saucy one, aint she? The dwarf tapped the side of his nose conspiratorially.
Who . . . Tatiana? Justins eyes widened. You heard her?
The dwarf slapped his chest as he sniggered. I was standing outside the door the whole time!
As Justins skin started to prickle with humiliation, the submaster continued, But dont worry about it. Its all very dwarven. Nothing personal. We like to joke about the body  specially if its bawdy, ha!
Justin said over the chortling dwarf, who sounded like stones flying around in a clothes dryer, But Tatianas not dwarven.
Aye, but she is.
Justin gave Stas a look. Hear me out, he said, pulling up the chair and plopping into it. So shes clearly some elvish freak birth. Like you, more or less. But she was raised entirely by Pyotr in this very coinworks, from the time she was a mewling, milk-sucking puker. Its all shes ever known. So that makes her dwarven and not dwarven.
Yeah, okay, but shes not an elf at all. Shes human. Im human. Havent you guys heard of humans?
The dwarf shook his head.
Well, obviously they exist, and they dont come from the Realm, or else youd know about them. I came here because . . . I found a portal. I came from a human world, you see.
The dwarf nodded. Ive heard stories of . . . visitors from other places. Most of em arent what youd call, erm, the dwarf paused, rolling his eyes in thought, hands open in explanation. Not-monsters, he finished lamely.
But so where did Tatiana come from? You said, right, Pyotr raised her from a baby? How did a baby find its way into the Realm?
Stas sat still as stone for several moments. Well, wed always assumed she was abandoned by the elves. Sometimes a budding doesnt go right, and the elves never talk about what happens then. We reckoned wed discovered what happens: the babe is left in the woods for any wildling to sup on.
Budding?
Stas crossed his hands rapidly. No, no, no. Not talking about that. Elvish business. Perversion, more like, but thats their way. Anyway, you wanted to talk more about the coins?
Actually, I need a favor from you. Tatiana . . . she wont let me out of bed for at least five days, but Ive got to get out tomorrow.
Why? Stass tone was skeptical.
I . . . it has to do with the third ingredient.
The dwarfs skepticism melted into eagerness. Youve figured out what it is?
Not exactly. But I know how I can find out more. I need to get out tomorrow, however.
Huh. Tatianas almost never wrong about her treatments, lad . . ."
She is this time, though, countered Justin, thinking fast. Ive got your coin, right? Its speeding up the healing process, just like you said.
The dwarf smacked his knee with one lumpy fist. Tach and Tan, youre right! He laughed. I tell you, it feels good to put coins into the world again, see em work as they ought. He leaned in and lowered his voice. Lad, its been far too long since weve done any useful work. I mean decades. The Stalemate among the Big Threes had trade locked up for over a century. No coin orders, no subcontracts, everyone hoards what they can and barters bitterly for what they cant.
If the kid could break up the Stalemate, everything would get moving again, Justin thought. Man, this place needs a king!
Thank the Deep Ones you came along. I dont mind saying, now that youve shown your mettle, that youve put the fire back in everyones belly. This coin of yours . . . its extraordinary. It will be the greatest making anyone can remember.
So Ill help you. Just be ready after your rebandaging tomorrow.
Justin grinned at the dwarf, who grinned back. Thanks, Stas.
The dwarf patted him gingerly on the shoulder, then said, Nighty-night. After the door shut once more, the kid reemerged and said, You see the dire state of the Realm.
I do, Justin yawned as best he could under the mask. Dont worry, kid. Well fix everything.
I have no doubts about that. Rest well, hero.
Justin dreamed of Tatiana. They were in downtown Milwaukee and the sky was a weird shade of green. Nobody else was around, and scuttling noises echoed along the windy lakeside streets. Justin was scared, but Tatiana smiled at him winningly and led him into a cafe. Shadow-people flitted back and forth, bringing them cups and plates filled with dark lumps like sooty Ore. Still smiling at him, Tatiana bit into a chunk, which gushed out marsh hare blood, and Justin awoke in a wild sweat.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX


The next day passed peacefully; Tatiana and Podu rebandaged him as he lay impassively, refusing to respond to Tatianas jibes. He was determined not to let anything distract him from what hed planned, and besides, it was a little creepy to see Tatiana after the nightmare hed had. As she left, she gave him a slightly anxious look.
Stas eased his door open soon after and beckoned. He had a large, thick cloak with a hood ready, and it fit easily over Justin and his backpack, from which hed removed most of the Ore. Stas locked the door, then led him down the long hall and nearly to the well-furnished waiting room. He turned to the blank stone of the hallway just before, however, and squinted closely at the stone.
After a nerve-wracking few minutes, Justin was about to ask Stas what he was doing. The dwarf pulled a small hammer from his belt and gave the wall a sharp tap. A grinding started to vibrate the entire hall, and Justin hunched over, willing power from his coin in readiness for whatever was happening. But nothing came, and he remembered his coin was back in the dresser, and that he wore the healing coin from Stas. Suddenly Justin felt uncomfortably vulnerable, then realized with some embarrassment and confusion that since he was walking around in nothing more than bandages, he should have felt vulnerable all along.
I thought I had my coin, and that was all that mattered, he mused as a section of the wall swung inward before them.
Stas shooed him in first, then tapped something else in the semidarkness. The wall closed again with a teeth-rattling grind.
Justin could hear the dwarf fumbling around in his clothing. Stas?
Hold on, hold on!
The dwarf found what he was looking for and started making clinking noises, sending sparks showering through the dark. Then a torch caught light and the dwarf started to lead Justin down a much narrower, danker, and rougher-cut tunnel.
Sorry about that. Its been a while since anyone was through here. I half-thought the mechanisms would have seized up by now.
What is this place?
Emergency tunnels. In case of invasion.
Invasion?
Ooh, youd be surprised. Coinsmithing was an ugly business for a long time. Smiths were vassals of elven kings, only made coins for this or that house. Well, you know elves, always at each others throats . . . whole smithies would be taken hostage, taken over, made to do the coinwork for the new bosses.
What about the Commerce Law?
Stas snorted. Oh, theyd never break it. Always paid. It was a question of controlling access to the smiths and coinworks.
Justin thought for a moment, then said, So why the tunnels? Why fight, if youd always be paid?
This was our way of recontrolling access.
Ah.
Course, the Stalemate just about killed coinsmithing as a business, and now anyone with a bit of Ore and a need for coin is treated like royalty. Er, the dwarf said, glancing at Justin awkwardly, no offense.
Dont worry about it.
And now the elves dont give two turds about who can and cant get to the smiths. Theyre the only ones rich enough to commission a coin, but they dare not commission any of consequence for fear that the others will ally against them. Meanwhile, the rest of the Realm plods along, starving or not as best they can scrape and barter.
Something about the dwarfs explanation didnt sit quite right with Justin  How could the entire economy depend on the production of coins? he thought  but then again, he hadnt taken an economics course yet, and the Realm seemed to operate by its own peculiar logic anyway.
Ah, here we are, Stas said. Theyd turned down several similar tunnels and had come to a dead end. The dwarf tapped a part of the stone wall with his hammer again, and the wall began to swing outward. Leaf-fractured sunshine poured in.
So, er, dont be long. Stas hesitated, then gave Justin another of the little hammers. Look for the Pass rune on the stone  here. Stas pointed to an almost invisibly tiny set of chisel marks. Ill leave markings for you in the tunnels to guide you back, and torch-makings. If anyone gives you trouble, tell em youre under Pyotrs protection via the Commerce Law. That should send em running. Id wait for you, or even go with you, but Ive got planning work with the other masters for the coin. Assuming you get the third ingredient and all.
The dwarf led Justin out into the forest. Main paths over there. Justin could see a faint trail leading off through the thick underbrush. We dont get beasts around here; the ones who didnt learn their lesson long ago, the willy oak puts the fear into.
Thanks, Stas. I really wont be long.
The dwarf nodded and stepped back into the tunnel. Before he could clink his hammer on the rune again, Justin called, Stas one more thing. Have you ever heard of a crystal city? Or a crystal labyrinth?
Stas paused, staring at the ground and scrunching his mouth in thought. My mam told me some stories about a labyrinth with a monster at its heart. Could reach into your soul, get at its worst parts and make them grow and grow till you became a monster too . . . but it werent crystal. The dwarf looked at Justin and shrugged.
Okay. Thanks.
The rock wall ground shut again, and though he knew it was there, Justin could find no trace of the door.
He set off for the main path, feeling both lightheaded and free. The gold coin poured a coolness into him that did not bolster his strength so much as his spirits.
At the willy oak, he heard a scrambling in the treetops and looked up just as a shadowy figure leaped down. It was Daisy.
Thought youd never come, she said, then peered up into his hood. Elfling, that you? Whatd you do to your face?
Its a long story.
Suit yourself. Got my Ore then?
Yes . . . but could we get away from the path? The dwarves have things delivered now that theyve got some work.
Daisy sped silently down the trail to the main road. She motioned him over and they crossed to the strip of forest between road and lake, then found a stretch of shoreline to sit on.
Justin pulled his backpack out and dumped out the Ore hed brought. Is this enough for now? I mean, I might be able to get you more later, but I think Ill need it in order to really help you.
Daisy scooped up the precious rocks and placed them in a sack. She treated him to one of her toothy goblin smiles and said, Its a good start. What do you mean by really help me?
Like I said, I . . . Im helping a friend right now. Were getting a coin made, a powerful one, I guess. Once he has it, Im sure I can get him to help all the goblins.
And you need the rest of the Ore for the coin?
Yeah, and its ingredients. Well, Justin sighed, most of them, anyway. At Daisys questioning look, he continued. The last, the most important one . . . I have no idea where it is.  I mean, I know where it is, just not where the where is.
Youre not making sense.
Justin took a deep breath and looked at Daisy. Those strange hazel eyes and the set of her mouth exuded an integrity that made Justin relax. Couldnt hurt to tell her . . . 
I have to find some kind of special seal thats buried under a throne. In a city thats been lost for ages and ages, apparently. Im going to ask around about it, but I have a feeling I wont get anywhere.
The goblin was silent for a moment, as though weighing something carefully. Then she said, I . . . I happen to know a bit about the history of the Realm. Perhaps I could help.
That so? Well, the place Im looking for is mostly covered in crystal, and 
The Lost City of Banaildumin, also known as the Crystal Labyrinth? Where the One Liege held court for millennia before he was overthrown and expelled from the Realm, and which was destroyed and thought lost in the Third Giant Invasion? Daisy pointed to the lake. Its down there.
Justin stared at her. She jabbed her finger emphatically again at the water.
How did you . . . what . . ." Justin stumbled after his own thoughts. How do you know that?
Daisy looked at him as she might at a talking cow. Where else would it be? She peered more closely at his face and said, disbelievingly, What, you dont know why its called Lake Badoom? Banaildumin?
I thought . . . it was the sound of something, maybe? The giant falling?
Really, now, Daisy huffed. The ignorance of the larger folk is appalling. She squinted at him. But why would you want to go there? The One Liege . . ." she stopped, suddenly uncertain.
What about him?
Well, he was a right bastard, if the annals are true. And I have every reason to think they are.
But didnt he defeat Fastoor the Bald, and the giants  twice  and unify the Realmfolk?
And created the Commerce Law, destroyed home fastness, and invented the bloody coins, yes! Daisys eyes were wild now with angry sparks. None of which could have been accomplished without first institutionalizing the oppression of the goblins!
Woah, Justin thought. But, doesnt the Realm need him back? he offered somewhat weakly. I mean, I hear about the Big Three, and how the economy just isnt working at all, and that nothing has changed for a long time. Wouldnt it be better if there were one king, and  he pressed on, seeing Daisy puffing up with retorts, he were to make everything right for the goblins?
Why on earth would he? Daisy shouted. The One Liege was pure evil. He dominated the Realm for his own pleasure! Oh yes, he was the embodiment of Law, but never once of Justice! She stamped a foot.
Uh . . ." Justin said. So. He was now at a total loss. The kid was this One Liege? And he was a complete scumbag? Justin thought of how the kid had acted all along  somewhat pushy, but also needy, vulnerable. And hed given Justin a great gift  the coin  and offered him a further gift in what acts of heroism he could make more than mere fantasies here in the Realm. Already Justin felt more confident, more capable. Hed survived impossible odds on his will and wit. And he was hungry for more.
Daisys look bordered on hostility now, but Justin also remembered the promise hed made to her about the goblins. It was a noble promise for a noble cause, a cause any true hero would readily sacrifice for: Fighting for justice. Protecting the weak and helpless. Doing the right thing.
Look, Daisy, he said calmly. He knelt before her to look her in the eyes, wincing slightly at the pressure on his healing skin. I am going to help the goblins. But I have to help my friend first. He can seriously do something that would help all your people. Im sure of it.
Daisy opened her mouth in a sneer, then paused. The sneer faded. She said, I truly hope so, Justin.
Oh, youve got more than hope youve got my word of honor! The phrase hed read so many times in so many books on the lips of so many heroes had a satisfying fullness and solidity to it in his own mouth. He felt, for the first time, the power in the notion itself.
Anyway, thanks for telling me about the Crystal Labyrinth. But, he grunted as he rose again, do you think the seals still there? I mean, the lakes pretty well traveled. Wouldnt the place have been looted long before now?
Daisys mouth quirked at the corners, revealing a few saw-edged teeth. I doubt that. The Realmfolk are many things, Justin, and foremost among them is stupid. They dont read! She swung her arms wide in exasperation. They have no interest in books, in lore, in their own history. All they do is tangle over coins now. And Ive been humping every hill and dale to search out the lore, the history . . . Ive got quite a collection of books, scrolls and artifacts now. Might be the largest library of useful stuff in the whole Realm. Not like the elven galleries full of treatises on the development of left-calf spider-silk garterwear, or whatever the elves are obsessed with at the time. No, Justin, I guarantee that you and I are the only people in the Realm who know whats at the bottom of that lake.
In a flash, Justin remembered the distant light gleaming from the lake depths as he struggled with the sinking marsh hare. Somehow the memory made Daisys revelation real to him, and a chill raced down his every nerve. It was followed by a queasiness as he remembered fighting to keep his breath.
So whatever it is you need, youre sure to find it there. You seem to be a likely lad, I must say, Daisy was saying.
Justin blinked and replied, Lets hope youre right about that.
She gave him a cool look. Im right about everything, Justin. Dont forget that.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN


Mikhail was overjoyed at the news that Justin must risk his life at the bottom of the lake. I knew it! I knew it! he half-sang off-key over and over again.
Ignat elbowed him, sloshing his tankard in the process. You knew what? What, youve got Shas sight upon you?
Mikhail rubbed his side. No, he said, sounding hurt. Justin had figured out by now that Mikhail was the most sincere, the least guarded  perhaps the most childlike  of the submasters. I mean, I knew hed need a breathing apparatus at some point. And I did the initial planning for it. I even created the alloys that will make it work! Look, he said as he set his dripping tankard atop the dresser and pulled out a crumpled ball of paper.
He moved to the bed and tried smoothing the paper out, but it kept curling up at the edges. Mikhail retrieved his tankard and moved to pin part of the paper on the bed with it, but the others stopped him.
Here, Justin said, setting his tankard on the nightstand and holding down two corners for Mikhail.
Ah, thank you. Mikhail pinned the other half down with his arm and the submasters pressed close to see. The paper was a mess of scribbles and half-rubbed-out equations. In the center lay a set of diagrams for a bizarre contraption that clung to the upper half of a human form. It reminded Justin unpleasantly of the face huggers from the Alien movies.
Now, heres the catalyst. Mikhail pointed to a flat wedge of metal under a hood at the back of the device, jutting out from hip-height on the figure. It separates water into its elemental components, one of which we breathe, the other of which we cant.
Oxygen and hydrogen, agreed Justin, but the dwarves looked at him uncomprehendingly. Guess the translation spell cant handle everything I could say, Justin thought, or there just arent equivalent words in Dwarvish.
Health on you, Mikhail said, and turned back to the drawing. The two gases rise into the hood, through a baffle to keep water out, and into the separation chamber. The ceiling of the chamber is made from two alloys, each of which attracts one kind of gas. The breathing-gas gets shunted to the facemask, while the not-breathing-gas gets shunted into this propulsion unit. He tapped a lumpy container, like an outsized, deflated football, attached to the figures back just beneath the hood. Once its charged, the not-breathing-gas can be shunted directly into the water. The outbreath gets captured by this flap and some of it is remixed with the inflowing breathing-gas, since that in its purest form has intoxicating qualities.
The submasters murmured in approval. Justin asked, Whats the propulsion unit for?
Quick getaways, Mikhail said, grinning. You can discharge the gas rapidly from this valve at the back. Whoosh! He shot an arm out. Just be careful not to overcharge it.
But how will I know when its charged?
Mikhail shrugged. Stas?
Stas studied the diagrams. I could build a gauge system in beside it, using levers to transfer pressure from the expanding surface to 
Just tap it, Ignat interrupted.
What? said the other two masters.
When its fully inflated, how high does the back get? You could reach back and tap it, see if its tight.
Mikhail studied the diagrams carefully, then Justin, then the diagrams. Yes, yes. Of course. His arms are long enough to do that.
Stas, crestfallen, muttered, A gauge system would be much more accurate . . ."
So, said Justin, feeling a mixture of excitement and dread as he looked at the getup. How soon can we be ready?
Tomorrow. Just got to finish assembling it. Mikhail met the submasters stares with a look of pride. What? I told you, I knew it!
That evening, Tatiana pronounced Justin healed and gave him a set of stiff clothing made from leather and wool. It felt itchy but loose; he felt he had more freedom of movement in it than in his now-incinerated jeans. He gave Stas the healing coin back and bid them all good night after eating a meal  simple as always  in a dining chamber with the submasters.
Back in his room, he stretched and did some calisthenics. Hed been days in bed and felt it everywhere. He asked the kid about the layout of the Crystal Labyrinth as he moved.
Oh, you neednt go through the city  just glide over it. The kid described the palace, and where Justin should go inside to find the throne room. Once youre there, I can tell you more. It gets . . . complicated. In fact, you should have a mouth rig; tell the dwarves youll need one.
Mouth rig?
The effects of the coins are enhanced when theyre placed in the mouth, making contact with the inner tissues. But, in the midst of battle, you can see how blows or the clenching of the jaw might shatter ones teeth on the metal.
Justin frowned at the image.
So the dwarves  clever things!  designed clamps that grip the coin and protect the teeth, but that allow the lips and tongue contact with the coin. These are mouth rigs.
Justin thought about it for a moment. Huh. Sounds like a mouth guard, actually. With a big chunk of metal in the middle.
In any case, ask the dwarves for one, for your coin.
The next day, the submasters accompanied Justin to the lake and struck out for its middle in a sturdy rowboat. When theyd reached the deepest part, Ignat heaved an anchor overboard.
Justin stuck his own coin into one of the mouth rigs very much like a mouth guard, he saw, except the teeth clamped down on leather pads and inserted it into his mouth. It was snug, but likely to be uncomfortable over a long time. As soon as his lips and tongue brushed the metal, he felt a surge of electrifying warmth engulf his whole body and would have shuddered with pleasure had the dwarves not been there.
Woah, this coin is amazing! he thought. I feel better than ever . . .
The dwarves helped him into the rig, which included a large piece of metal-reinforced blown glass over his head, letting his head turn freely but obscuring his view. Mikhail stuck a metal control in his hand with two switches on it, one for shunting hydrogen, one for discharging the propulsion unit.
He looked at the submasters and said, loudly, Wammalugh! Hed meant to say, Wish me luck! but the coin got in the way.
The dwarves cheered and slapped him on the butt as he turned to jump into the lake.
As the catalyst hit the water, Justin heard a strange hissing noise in his helmet. Air blew gently onto his face, and it tasted like nothing hed ever breathed before. He started to feel dizzy as he kicked downward into the chill gloom of the lake. He was attached by a tether that the dwarves held onto during a short test swim, to make sure Mikhails contraption was truly functional.
Justin kicked down underwater a bit and started to swim in a circle around the wavering shadow of the boat above. As his propulsion unit filled with hydrogen, he found himself drifting inexorably upward, but everything seemed to be working as promised otherwise. He reached back to tap the propulsion unit; it seemed reasonably taut, so he decided to test it out.
Adjusting his position in the water, he flicked the discharge lever. He heard a muffled khoosh behind him, and he shot up through the water, bursting through the surface and sending the dwarves scattering across the rowboat; Ignat jumped clean into the lake.
Justin splashed down again, then swam over to the submasters, giggling and dizzy on the heavily oxygenated air. As he clung to the side of the boat, Stas reached down and untied his tether.
Got a few nasty surprises in you, eh, laddie? the dwarf said with a laugh.
Teaw Igna ats fo da buhnih, Justin said, meaning, Tell Ignat thats for the bunny, but Stas just peered at him quizzically.
Mikhail, still shaking a little from the shock, came over and leaned down, sending the boat tilting dangerously. Stas cursed and threw himself to the other side while Mikhail looked over Justins rig.
Everything working as it should?
Justin nodded vigorously and smiled as best he could with the coin-rig. The effect must have been ghastly, for Mikhail averted his eyes as he said, Thank the Deep Ones. Er, delve well. He banged once on the glass and Justin pushed off from the boat.
Glancing back one more time before he submerged, he saw the dripping Ignat flip over the other side of the boat and stagger to his feet. He waved to the submaster, who shouted something and lunged forward; his companions grabbed him before he could dive into the waters after Justin.
Chuckling, Justin turned toward the vast gloom below.

CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT


The dwarves had attached a glass jar full of phosphorescent fungus to the front of the apparatus, but as Justin kicked farther and farther into the cold darkness of the lake, its glow had nothing to catch on save the occasional fish or drifting piece of plant.
 After a while, Justin felt less lightheaded as the air mixture changed and his body adjusted to the richer oxygen content. He reached back and tapped his propulsion unit, which was hard as a football. Making sure he was pointed downward, he flipped the discharge lever. Khoosh, and he shot through the water, scattering a school of silvery fish. He smiled to himself, as much as he could around the coin-rig.
His descent proceeded in this way, swimming punctuated by blasts of hydrogen that drove him ever deeper into the thickening darkness. He felt a shot of adrenaline when he glimpsed a thin, whiplike shape recoil from his path, but other than that, there were no surprises.
Finally, he began to see faint, silvery-blue lights ahead.
They drifted through the water, balls of eerie luminescence, amid much larger, darker shapes. As Justin drew near, one passed behind a transparent wall, and its light was multiplied and fractured into a hundred glinting shards, every color of the rainbow.
The Crystal Labyrinth, Justin thought as his breath caught for a moment. But what are those lights?
He was close enough now to see the vast sprawl of the ruined city. Many stone buildings had been crushed by the ice giants body, but the crystal-sheathed ones still stood, glimmering in the navy dimness with the few, faint sunrays that penetrated this far. They were magnificent, covered with decadent statuary and flowing, triumphant designs. The stone was now covered entirely in masses of lakeweed, but the crystal was without blemish.
Justin paused, surveying the drowned majesty of the city. Here and there, the drifting balls of light would set a crystal structure ablaze, and entire neighborhoods would sparkle and gleam, then abruptly plunge into darkness again as the source of it all wandered off. The place was not nearly as big as Milwaukee  you could see most of that city from the overpass as you drove downtown  but its splendor and its silent eruptions of crystal-light far outstripped the glory of any earthly city Justin had ever seen.
After taking in the view for a few minutes, Justin discharged the unit and shot toward the city center. The wreckage of the unprotected buildings and the long millennia of lake debris that obscured parts of the others made it difficult to see exactly where he was, but he finally managed to orient himself with two crystal spires the kid had described to him. Soon after, he spotted the outline of the vast, circular palace of the kid, and swam down toward it.
The boulevards that led up to the structure had been buried under many feet of silt, mud, and vegetation; he could not enter through the grand portals the kid had enthusiastically described for him because they were reduced to the size of storm drains above the accumulations of the lake bottom.
Justin had to swim over the top of the structure, passing by windows and other openings too small to accommodate him, before he found an entryway in the cupola that adorned the very center of the roof. He used Nameless to clear away some vegetation, then stepped inside and started swimming slowly downward. The water here was very cold, but the coin pumped a compensating warmth into his body.
The room he descended into was the very one he was looking for; the faint luminescence of his fungus-jar, useless until this point, was seized by the pure crystal ceiling of the place and transferred along its walls, bouncing back and forth across the space until it shone with a subtly shifting, mystical softness.
The chamber was circular as well, with many decorated entryways and a great seat made of dark stone at its center. In a perfect circle around this throne, the stone floor was bare, but beyond it, lake vegetation carpeted the rest of the room and swept out into the hallways. Justin saw now that the vegetation hed cut from the cupola entryway was in fact a particularly ambitious plant rooted in the floor of the chamber near one of the entrances.
As Justin drifted slowly down toward the throne, he watched in wonder as his light shot along the carven figures around the entryways and along the inside of the squat dome of the roof. Fantastic beasts with many arms and legs, not to mention fierce mouthfuls of teeth and even fire, menaced ranks of soldiers with long swords and sweeping shields. Giants framed one entryway entirely, holding clubs at right angles to meet over it as they stood on each side. On others, a gently smiling, crowned figure offered handfuls of round seeds from a basket he carried. Shorter figures goblins and dwarves  carried the seeds off, smiling as well, and paraded them through a landscape lush with growing things.
He touched down at the edge of the clear circle and regarded the throne. It was undecorated, its lines severe, its edges so clean they looked sharp. The stone was unreflective and dull, uniform in its texture and shade. It might have been cast of lead.
Okay, next stop: the lost seal, Justin thought. With some difficulty, he concentrated on connecting with the kid through the smooth side of his coin. Hewwo? You ghere? he mouthed, wincing at how ridiculous the rig made him sound.
Yes, Im here, the kids tinny transmitted voice reverberated in his helmet. Are you at the throne?
Yah.
Good . . . now, the next part is quite tricky. Its too tricky to explain, in fact, so I must ask you to let me carry out the procedure.
For a moment, Justin couldnt understand what the kid was saying. Then it dawned on him. Wai, wai . . ." he said.
Justin, theres no other way. It will take me only a matter of minutes to get at the seal, then I will surrender control of your body.
Taking control of just his hand, to write out the recipe, had been one thing. Im going to lose control of my entire body? Justin thought, panicked. At the bottom of the lake, in this . . . this crystal tomb? Will I even be conscious? Could it be permanent?
The kid seemed to anticipate all these questions. It will feel strange, like you are looking out through the windows of your eyes on a foreign land, but the land will be your body. I cannot help you with that aspect of the experience. But I will be able to talk to you directly in your mind, and I will explain everything I do before I do it. Once I have the seal safely in hand, I will withdraw.
Justin stood silently, weighing his options. Izza pwocejah zat ba? Can you jus teaw me how to do it?
Im afraid not. There are complicated words you wont be able to say, even without the coin in the way. And if you misspeak them, you will be absorbed into the throne.
Justin took an unconscious step away from the dark throne. Urgh, he said.
Also, part of the procedure requires my direct presence. Even if youd been able to learn and perfectly memorize the words, your energy would not be recognized by the invocation, with the same result.
Justin slurped down some spit that had accumulated in his mouth. Embarrassed by the noise, he capitulated. Okay. Jus be quick.
Immediately he felt a pressure inside his skull, like a balloon had been inserted in his mouth, then inflated relentlessly. The kids voice said gently, Let me in. Relax. You must relax.
Justin closed his eyes and breathed, breathed. The pressure increased, then suddenly Justin felt nothing at all. He could neither see, nor hear, nor feel a thing. A vast, neutral black engulfed him. He tried calling out  no voice. He tried thrashing his limbs  no body. He could only think, and he somehow had difficulty remembering his thoughts. Soon, he lost all sense of time, then a fantastic parade of figures arose in the black before him: Stas and Ignat, huge and laughing; Tatiana, dancing and twirling a tray full of shining coins; the marsh hare in its slimy endlessness; his mother, driving down the road beside Lake Badoom; the guys from his team in mottled armor, tossing a smoking salamander stomach back and forth; Matthias and the Math Club standing guard in a castle made of stacked books. Other figures hed never seen before and couldnt recognize emerged and faded.
This went on for an eternity.

CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE


Then, Justin was kneeling by a hole, into which he nearly tumbled. A small metal box lay in his hand, and just before him was the throne.
A wave of nausea washed through him and he had to breathe heavily to keep from vomiting into his helmet. The kids voice emanated from the coin: Justin, youre back. Ive done it. The seal is in your hands. Now make for the surface  quickly.
Justin staggered to his feet. It was difficult to make his body move the way he wanted it to; it moved on him like a suit of clothing two sizes too large. He turned away from the throne, then froze.
Balls of silvery-blue light were drifting into the room from every entryway. Their glow lit the chamber brilliantly, sending coruscating waves through the carvings and walls. But the light was menacing, sharp, and it was soon so bright that Justin had to squint.
Before him, the balls dropped snaking threads of light to the floor and stretched out of shape. They reformed, one by one, into ghostly, glowing figures that looked quite human, but were dressed in elaborate armor and possessed an easy grace and beauty that made Justin think of ballerinas and supermodels.
He had to shake the thought from his head as the figures drew ghostly, glowing swords and advanced on him with a blank fury on their faces. The water hummed with a terrible energy that pressed on Justin from all quarters. He glanced behind him to see more of the ghosts charging at him from the rear.
Justin timeshifted to give himself a moment to think, but the figures did not slow.
He dropped the timeshift, thumbed the discharge lever, and shot toward the ceiling, stuffing the metal box deep into his clothing and grabbing on to the inside of the cupola. Dangling over the chamber, he looked down to see the ghosts rising nearly as fast, effortlessly, as though the water did not slow their motions.
Justin pulled himself through to the roof and kicked backward, drawing Nameless. He shouted to the coin, Whass happening?
What is happening? the kid responded. I cant see, you know!
Theys . . . people here! Gwowing people!
The kid sighed. I was afraid this might happen. Those are vengeful spirits.
Wha? The vengeful spirits were now emerging single-file through the cupola opening and running at Justin.
My betrayers. Rather, their ghosts. They must have set a death-guard on the throne, to be activated if the seal were ever sought again. Justin, dont try to run; they will pursue you until they have reached inside you and stopped your heart.
Justin had been stumbling backward, kicking up clouds of mud. Wha? Dam! Wha do I do?
The kids voice had a hint of vicious mirth to it. Kill the dead. There is no defense against cold iron in the Realm.
Justin planted his feet and held Nameless out with both hands. The first of the ghosts, its face mangled with rage, came up and jabbed its sword directly at Justins heart. Justin parried, clenching his teeth on the mouth rig and expecting Nameless to pass through the ghost blade.
Instead, Nameless connected with a jolt. The ghost blade flashed like a firework and vanished, throwing the attacker back a step. Its expression was confused now as it looked around for its weapon.
Justin darted in, seizing the moment. As his blade bit into the ghosts side, he again felt a slight jolt, somewhere between an electric shock and the crunch of being tackled. With a final, split-second expression of agony, the ghost flashed into nonexistence.
Behind it, more ghosts sped toward Justin; they did not seem to notice, or comprehend, what had happened to their peer.
With the strength of the coin singing in his every muscle and joint, Justin hacked into the oncoming stream. Every jolt briefly amplified the power of the coin, and Justin began to anticipate the little bursts of warmth and power. The work had its own rhythm now, like playing drums in a virtual rock band game.
After hed dealt with a dozen more of the spirits, the rest began to understand what was going on. They spread out around Justin, their features animated by wariness as much as concentrated hate. A semicircle of glowing sword-tips darted in at him all at once.
Justin dropped to his stomach at the last moment and thumbed the propulsion lever again. There was just enough hydrogen stored to boost him beyond the circle; he hacked through the legs of two of the ghosts as he passed, then heaved himself straight upward with a great push-up, twisting in the water to meet more attackers who rose up at him.
The ghosts seemed obsessively focused on his heart, and it was easy to anticipate their jabs and thrusts. As he drifted back down to the roof, he slew five more. The rest charged at him in a semicircle again, and he kicked off, slicing down in an arc that dissolved most of their weapons. When the weaponless reached for them with their hands, he easily dispatched them.
Before he knew it, there was one ghost remaining, standing by the cupola. It approached him with measured steps, and he saw immediately it was different in other ways as well: it bore a shining circlet on its brow, and it had a drawn expression, its cheek and mouth lines pulled down with a sadness and care that would admit no rage.
It raised its sword and spoke to Justin. Somehow, its whispered chant cut through the muffling of the water and the helmet:

The Man of Iron will rend the veil
And give his flesh to shadows fell
Across the Realm the suns will fail
And iron darkness cover all

Then the figure charged at him, his face grim. It was far swifter than the others, and Justin was unable to parry its strike before the glowing blade sank into his left arm with a deathly, burning chill. The entire arm went numb and he started to feel the numbness spill into his torso when he ran the ghost-figure through with Nameless. A look of relief flashed across the others face before it dissolved in a flash.
Justin drew hard on the coins warmth, but it could not penetrate the numbness in his arm. After a quick glance around the city to verify there were no more drifting balls of light  no more in sight, at least  he sheathed Nameless and kicked up, heading for the surface.
Below him, the Crystal Labyrinth dwindled back into an occasional glimmer in the profound murk of the lake, its majesties known only to fish and to weeds.

CHAPTER FORTY


After a day of rest, with Stass healing coin pouring its cool comfort into his body, Justin began to feel the tips of his left-hand fingers again. By evening, he could move the arm and grasp things weakly. The submasters returned to his room then. They relished his account of the lakebottom battle  theyd seen faint but distinct flashes of light far below through a telescope of some sort theyd lowered into the water  and were eager to see what lay inside the metal box. Pyotr came as well, and even his solemn intensity was tinged with more than a hint of excitement.
Justin held the box as the kid had told him to while he was recovering alone and said three words the kid had made him repeat until hed gotten them right. None of the dwarves thought to ask where hed learned this, so great was their anticipation; it was just as well, since Justin, no less thrilled than they, hadnt thought of a reasonable explanation.
Nothing seemed to happen, but when Justin slid his hands in opposite directions, the box separated cleanly into two halves where there had been no sign of a seam before.
Inside, set into a metal clip, lay a thick signet ring. It seemed to be made of iron or steel. Justin plucked it out and turned it over in his palm; the seal at first seemed a fuzzy mess, but as he stared at it, he thought he could make out small lines here and there.
Here, Pyotr said, holding out a tray with a set of lenses attached to its side on metal arms. Justin placed the ring on the tray and watched the master try one lens after another until he gave a satisfied grunt. Pyotr locked the arm in place and gave the tray to Justin.
Through the lens, Justin saw an incredibly fine network of tiny lines. In fact, it seemed as though more than one network were carved into the rings surface, lying atop one another in layers. The effect was disorienting; Justins eyes kept switching back and forth between layers. They seemed like nothing so much as stacks of semi-transparent circuitry.
Justin blinked and handed the tray to the eager submasters. Ow. My head hurts just looking at that thing.
Pyotr nodded. It seems designed to cause harm to those who look closely at it. Woe to anyone who tried to see the pattern whole. He looked meaningfully at Justin. In recovering this artifact, you have done more than provided us with the final ingredient for the coinstriking: youve opened a door on the Realms past that none of us knew existed. Pyotr stood for a moment, looking up at the smooth rock ceiling. It is as though weve been living in the servants quarters, when the manse lay just beyond the wall.
Or just below, Mikhail interjected. And with my apparatus, we can do some exploring! I would dearly love to get my hands on the tools that could carve imperishable crystal . . ."
And exactly how did they do the carving? Stas wondered.
Might be somethin living down there no ones heard of, Ignat mused. Sure you didnt see a great walloping gulperfish?
Justin shook his head. Drat it, Ignat said. The biggest lake myth remains a myth . . . for now. He and the other submasters smiled slyly and chuckled.
Pyotr took back the tray and handed it to Justin, who returned the ring to its clip. The master said, For my part, I would like to know who created this seal, and why. It beggars all the craft of the dwarves, and is too full of cunning even for elves. But I suppose that is never to be.
That silenced them all for a moment. Justin could feel an intense emotion pass among the dwarves  a longing, perhaps, or a sadness  then Pyotr said, In any case, we have not been idle as you gathered these unusual ingredients. The striking process has been fully designed  here, Stas bowed formally "its other ingredients are prepared  Ignat bowed "and its unique tools assembled. Mikhail grinned boyishly at Justin.
We will start the process tomorrow morning, after you release the requisite amount of Ore for us to begin. The striking should take two days, and you may observe the entire procedure, as is your right under the Commerce Law. We have observation chambers overlooking each production room.
He paused and they all looked expectantly at Justin.
Uh . . ." he said, great. I look forward to it.
The dwarves shifted their feet. Pyotr leaned forward and said, You must command the work to start, as you are the commissioner.
Oh, Justin said. Then, I command the work start. Do what you need to do.
The submasters cheered, and Pyotr smiled softly. We will leave you to your rest now, and seek our own. The striking will require a strength and focus that we have not had cause to exercise in quite some time. He looked sternly at the submasters, who settled down and shuffled to the door obligingly.
Pyotr was the last to leave. He paused at the threshold and said to Justin, Young sir, thank you for this commission. It has restored purpose, and therefore dignity, to my entire household. And that is worth more than any payment that could be made in Ore.
Justin took this in and replied, Thank you, Pyotr. Its been a pleasure to work with the submasters. Theyve . . . theyve really looked after me. Tatiana has too. Im grateful for that.
Pyotr nodded and departed.
The kid asked Justin to bring the ring out for him to see. He chuckled as he gazed on it. I had sometime feared Id never see it again. You have truly proven yourself now, Justin! A Hero of the Old Realm!
Thanks, Justin said. He thought over the quests hed been on, the things hed seen while in the Realm. He did feel changed: older somehow, more experienced. Certainly more confident. I guess . . . after the coin is struck and you get your body back, Ill be going home . . ."
Earth seemed entirely foreign now, like a life hed once dreamed, not once lived. As his mind began to run through the events that had brought him to the Realm in the first place  Matthias, the football game, the goblin assassin he felt his stomach start to twist up on itself. Adventuring in the Realm had certainly distracted him from what had come before, but becoming a hero hadnt erased it. He thought, What am I going to say to Coach Simmons when I get back? To Matthias? My mom? As yet, no answers would come to him.
Striking the coin is but the first step, as I believe Ive told you, the kid said, interrupting his reverie. It will allow me to become embodied again, but it wont drop me back on my throne. For that, Ill need more than a coin, or even a hero . . ." The kids voice dropped as he mused to himself. Ill need an army.
So . . . Ill need to stick around for a while after the coin is struck? Justin asked. His heart jumped as a surge of adrenaline flooded his body. To fight in an army, or maybe even to lead one . . . it could take months, even years, to accomplish what the kid desired. By then, Justin thought, Ill have everything figured out. Ill know exactly what to say and do when I get back. Hell, I probably wont even care about half the things Im worried about now, after fighting an entire war . . .
Regardless, he felt nervous about the prospect of battling other Realmfolk. Monsters were one thing, and vengeful ghosts another, but a live dwarf, or an elf, or even a goblin . . . Justin remembered how hed struck the goblin whelp with the tire iron, how he felt about the act and afterwards. It was not a pleasant memory, and he shook his head as the memory of killing the goblin assassin started to surface.
Oh yes, my champion. You will be in the Realm for quite some time yet, I imagine, the kid said. You may put the ring away. It is enough to see it for now. I will yet wear it again, one day soon. It was my first great creation in the Realm, you know. The one that unlocked the hidden potential of the Realms powers, including the coins.
Justin yawned. He was still recovering from his underwater excursion. Well, tell me about it sometime. Not tonight.
No, not tonight. Good night, Justin.
Gnight, Justin replied, wondering vaguely whether the kid ever slept. Do shadows sleep? he thought. One of them at least can talk . . . 
The next day, Tatiana and Podu looked over Justins arm, as well as what remained of his previous wounds. The healing coin and her smelly salve had worked wonders, and he was eager to get to the production rooms.
Here, change into these, Tatiana said, holding out a pile of thickly padded, dark clothing.
Uh, could you . . ." Justin twirled a finger around.
Tatiana nodded at Podu, who left the room. Then she dragged the chair to a corner, turned it around, and sat with her back to Justin. The submasters told me of your battle beneath the waves, she said as he struggled into the protective clothing.
Yeah?
No one has explored the depths of Lake Badoom before. The Lost City is a place Id dearly love to see, to hear their description of it. Perhaps you could tell me more? After all, you were the one who went there.
Justin concentrated on his memories of the place, on the sense of desolate mystery and secret wonder that pervaded it. He described the crystal carvings, the glimmering lights, the strange, dark throne, and the battle with the guardian ghosts of elves long departed.
Tatiana sat silently through it all. When she spoke, a softer tone had crept into her voice, a tone Justin had not yet heard from her. It sounds lovely. Sad, too. A forever vanished majesty. But they say that ghosts live in a torment of vengeful thoughts that can never be satisfied, so it was a merciful thing you did for them.
Justin remembered the expressions of the glowing attackers. I suppose, he said, unsure. All done, he added.
Tatiana rose to appraise his outfit and nodded. Then she looked him in the eyes and said, I . . . Ive not seen Pyotr and the others so animated in months, perhaps years. I wanted you to know that, whatever the outcome of the striking, you have my thanks for bringing light back into their lives. Into . . . all our lives.
Before Justin could speak, she turned on her heels and beckoned him to the door. Come. Theyre waiting.
Justin started to follow her, then banged full-on into her as she stopped suddenly. Oh, I forgot! The Ore  you need to bring out what the recipe calls for. She pushed Justin back into the room, then brought a small scale and weights out from a dresser drawer.
Forty-seven dishas, she said, laying out the weights. Justin dutifully piled on Ore until the scales balanced, then shook it all into a bag Tatiana held out.
 Thats it? No more? Justin said, then immediately felt stupid. Tatiana gave him a flat look that caused heat to bloom and prickle all over his face. She followed the look with a slightly dimpled smile.
Then he followed her, red-faced, to the dining chamber.

CHAPTER FORTY-ONE


After breakfasting by himself  Tatiana had to attend Pyotr and the submasters, who were preparing for the days work  Justin was led by a goblin down an unfamiliar corridor that wound slowly upward, then connected with a smallish room into which great, thick windows had been set. The room was connected to others like it through short, narrow halls set far back from the windows.
The goblin bowed and departed, leaving Justin to look down through the glass into a room full of strange equipment, drawn half from a blacksmiths and half from a factory. After a few moments, a thick stone door swung slowly inward and the four coinsmiths filed in, wearing thick, protective clothing like that given to Justin, with the addition of padded hoods with dark, glass visors and peculiar bib-like flaps into which they had tucked their beards.
They each bore one of the items Justin had acquired on his quests, while the last in line  whom Justin assumed was Pyotr  carried the bag of Ore. They lined up under the window and bowed formally to Justin, who did the same, though more awkwardly.
Then they began to work.
Their movements were highly ritualized; they handed each other tools and small containers of material with a formality and stiffness more suited to animatronic robots than living creatures. Their concentration was palpable through the glass as they set the ingredients on trays against the back wall, dumped the Ore into a shallow pan of black, steaming fluid, and rocked a lever connected underneath the pan back and forth to agitate the mixture. Puffs of multicolored smoke arose and were whisked away by a vent near the ceiling as they added powders to liquids and fed discolored wood to small furnaces. They guided streams of glowing metal through oddly shaped channels and decanted them into blackened containers.
The activity puzzled Justin. Where was the coin in all this? Hed assumed theyd just hammer one out of a chunk of Ore and do . . . whatever it was the recipe asked them to do with the other ingredients. But as he watched them work, he saw why a process submaster was necessary to the endeavor: the activity just went on and on, the materials transformed by and transforming one another.
A goblin arrived with a chair for Justin, who sat gratefully. The dwarves continued to work all day. Their stamina and focus impressed Justin; he would long since have slipped up, grown bored, or quit the endlessly tedious tasks they performed. Its like a nightmare about chem lab, he thought, where you just keep preparing for the experiment and never actually carry it out.
Another goblin brought bread and dried fruit for lunch. Justin was struggling to stay awake as the masters worked, but then something caught his eye: amid the shadows thrown around the room by numerous light-stones and glowing furnaces, one seemed to move with independence and purpose. Justin stood and peered through the glass; the shadow was considerably taller than those cast by the dwarves.
There could be no doubt: the kid was in the room with them.
Somehow, this sent a chill crawling up Justins spine, though he could readily understand why the kid might want to be present, to assure himself that the work was going according to his recipe. Perhaps it was the fact that the dwarves had no idea they were not alone . . .
Finally, the masters stopped their work. All the various residues, metals, and other substances had been concentrated into a stubby bar of gray, sparkling material they lifted from a mold and set on a slitted tray to cool, or dry, or set, or cure, or whatever. Then they lined up again before Justin and bowed, with more evident stiffness than before. Justins return bow was stiff as well, though with inactivity.
The masters left the room and the stone door swung shut.
A goblin led Justin back to the dining chamber for a solitary dinner roasted nuts and strips of jerky, plus some bitter, slimy greens  then to his chamber. He took off the protective gear and started a calisthenics routine to work the soreness from his body. After that, he unsheathed Nameless and practiced thrusting, though he only knew how they did it in the movies.
Soon after, he saw the kid glide underneath the door and spring up to his feet.
What were you doing in there? Justin blurted, sounding more accusatory than hed intended to.
So you saw me then, eh? the kid said, moving over to the bed. Never fear, brave warrior. I am just keeping watch over the process, and assisting when I must.
Assisting?
Surely you didnt think the dwarves possess all the powers necessary to making this great coin?
So youre, like, tampering with it? Adding a little juju here and there?
The kid laughed. He sounded more relaxed, more lighthearted, than Justin had ever heard him to be. Its customary and desirable for the intended owner of a powerful coin to be personally involved in the process. It forms an incorruptible bond between coin and bearer. Never fear, he said, sliding under the bed, the masters are perfectly safe. They know their work well  better, almost, than any Ive seen, but comparisons are bound to disappoint when youve seen as many strikings as I have.
Yeah, Justin said, changing into his bedclothes. They do seem to know what theyre doing.
An unpleasant, seemingly random thought came to him as he slid into bed: I hope I know what Im doing.
The next day proceeded much the same, except that the submasters returned to the first production room only to retrieve the three ingredients and the bar of material, which had darkened overnight. A goblin led Justin into the adjoining chamber, where he observed the masters enter another room.
Here, they placed the marsh hare heart onto a tray suspended over a large basin. Consulting a sheet of paper that must have been a copy of the recipe, they inserted several metal instruments into the apertures on the lumpy ellipsoid, then fiddled with them until the entire heart split in two, spilling out a mass of black, viscous fluid in which lay suspended a wealth of shining gears, tubes, and metal coils.
The masters seemed to be expecting this, but it sent Justin reeling. The hearts a . . . machine? he thought wildly as he watched the masters scoop the entire mess into the basin, then pour some clear liquid over it from an earthenware jug. A greenish steam began to pipe up from within the mass, which dwindled as they all watched. Before long, an uneven layer of blue-green powder was all that remained in the basin.
Swinging the suspended tray aside, the masters placed a metal grate with a hole in its center across the basin top. Next, they manipulated the stomach case with long, complicated tongs from across the room. It snapped open and the masters staggered slightly as the brightly glowing stomach unleashed its heat on them, but they never lost their focus, and soon the stomach lay upon the grate, which began to glow red, then yellow, as it channeled heat away to metal bars on either side of the basin.
One of the masters guided a small platform suspended near the ceiling until it was in position; a short spike protruded from beneath it. The masters all nodded in time, then one released a catch, and the spike plunged down into the salamander stomach.
A little white-hot jet of fluid spurted onto the spike platform, which the masters quickly raised and guided to a corner of the room, where it began to dissolve into a pit bordered with raised stones.
Meanwhile, the rest of the stomach contents poured into the basin, releasing another cloud; this one was purplish, and it vanished as it was drawn through a vent high above. A purplish putty now lay in the basin, and the masters started to roll the bar back and forth in it, working it into the dark metal.
Tedium upon tedium, Tatiana said from beside Justin, causing him to jump a bit. Sorry, she said, flashing him a slight smile, thought you heard me coming in.
No, I . . . I was watching them work. Its not tedious at all.
It is when youd rather do the work, Tatiana sighed.
How come youre not assisting?
I did already. Helped prepare the production rooms and other materials. But the recipe was oddly specific about whos to do the actual smithing: dwarves. No elves, no goblins  not that theyd ever let goblins do the smithing  no other folk.
Ah, Justin said. A silent minute stretched out between them. So youre other folk, then, he finally ventured.
She shot him an uncomfortable look. Yes, she admitted.
Justin wanted to say about a hundred things at once, but he managed to hold them back and simply wait.
After a minute or two of silence, Tatiana said quietly, I . . . I think youre right. About me. Me being . . . what was it, human?
Oh? Justin said, struggling to feign neutrality on the topic. The dwarves had the bar heating in a forge now. What makes you think that?
The silence turned tense and Justin glanced at Tatiana, who was blushing furiously. She returned his gaze, then had to look away. Her hands twisted over each other. When I was, uh, changing your bandages. Tending you. I saw . . . everything. Her words tumbled out in a nervous rush now. I didnt mean to, of course, I was just practicing medicine, but Im not a real healer yet, I just took it up in the interim while there werent any commissions, figured it would be useful, and it was  is  it is, isnt it, despite what Stas says about it, he can be an arrogant prodder sometimes, but I saw your thing, and its not a root! And I think it matches my thing!
Tatiana clapped her hands over her mouth.
Justin stared at her. Root? turned over and over again in his mind, along with Thing One and Thing Two. The muffled sound of hammering broke his startled trance and he looked at the dwarves, who were beating the rest of the putty into the metal bar, heating it up frequently so it absorbed more and more of the purplish substance.
Uh, he said, okay. He turned back to Tatiana, who was looking at him anxiously. Well . . . Im glad you believe me now. He half-wanted to ask about the root, and half-wanted not to know a thing about it.
Tatiana blurted, Im sorry!
No, its fine. I dont mind, really, Justin said, knowing it was true as he said it. You took really good care of me each time, and Im grateful. Youre an excellent healer.
Thank you, said Tatiana. But . . . what are we? Where are humans from? Theyre not Realmfolk, though they seem a lot like elves.
Im from a place called Earth. Its, yeah, in another world or dimension or whatever. There was a portal I came through into the Realm. But I have plans to go back there once my work in the Realm is finished. So. Youre probably from Earth as well. You seem human, from what I can see, he said, raising an eyebrow as he looked her over. He almost added, Id need to see your thing to be certain, but his manners overrode his manliness.
Tatiana seemed to read his mind, however, and offered a coy shrug that made his heart pound. Why am I probably from there as well? she asked.
Well, it stands to reason. If there are lots of worlds linked to the Realm, and we resemble elves and even dwarves to a large degree, there might be lots of races  species  that are similar but not identical. You might not be human, exactly, but humanoid.
Anyway, I cant figure out how a baby made it through a portal. Youve been living with Pyotr since before you could walk, right?
Tatiana nodded. Justin pursed his lips, perplexed. Weird . . . so unless a portal happened to randomly open up beneath you in your crib 
Young sir! A goblin had stumbled into the room and spoke breathlessly. The masters request that you proceed to the next observation chamber!
Justin looked down at the dwarves, who were lined up at the far door with the metal bar  mottled now  all facing him.
Yeah, sorry, Justin said, allowing the goblin to shoo him along.
I must prepare medicines for the masters, Tatiana called. But I should like to speak more with you about Earth and . . . other things.
Justin came up short and the goblin bumped into him. She had one eyebrow raised, and the dimples by her smile sent a jolt through Justins torso. He had to smile back. Sure thing, he said, then wondered if it translated into Dwarvish.

CHAPTER FORTY-TWO


Tatiana turned to go, but Justin, shaking things from his mind with great difficulty, asked, Wait, what medicines?
The coinsmithing process always exposes the masters to toxic substances. But this recipe is extraordinarily toxic.
How so? Justin called as Tatiana moved out of earshot.
Didnt you know? Its a steel coin theyre making.
Reeling slightly, Justin let the goblin push him into the next chamber.
The final stage of the striking was the most like what Justin had imagined. The dwarves gathered around a central forge and anvil, heating and beating the metal bar over and over. The material was folded into itself many times while one of the masters worked a bellows, sending waves of warping heat blasting out of the forge.
Finally, the masters seemed satisfied and carried the white-hot square of metal over to a large press. They carefully positioned it under the die and flipped a lever, sending the die snapping down onto the plate instantaneously. A great wheel was laboriously turned to reposition the die and the masters examined the result: a perfect circle, the size of Justins palm, lay cooling to red there.
This the masters transferred to a metal workbench covered with fine tools. One of them sat and quickly began working designs into the coins surfaces. His precision and concentration were simply inhuman; Justin kept trying to remind himself he wasnt watching a robot at work.
At last, all that remained unworked on the coins faces were two central circles. Two dwarves reheated the coin slightly at the forge, gripping it sidewise in a special set of circular tongs, while the others refitted the press with a new attachment. Justin could see the seal ring fixed on the end of it.
The coin was repositioned, and the die snapped down, though with less force than before. An imprint of the seal ring filled the empty circle perfectly. Examining their work through a lensed apparatus, the dwarves nodded and flipped the coin over to stamp the other side.
Behind them, a taller shadow moved slowly up to the press. Justin had missed it before amid the bustle and his . . . revealing conversation with Tatiana, but the kid must have been following the dwarves work all along.
As the die snapped down again, the kid lunged forward, grabbing at the coin.
An eruption of light blinded them all.
Justin was wearing his own coin out of habit and timeshifted instinctively. For what seemed like a long while, his vision was filled with fireworks of every color and shape, as well as bright, strobing checkerboards and waves of fizzling neon particles. As he drew on the coins warmth, his vision restored itself, and he found he had pressed himself up against the glass.
The masters lay flat on their backs, unmoving. And the coin had disappeared. A fog seemed to darken the room, though it might also have been the afterimage of the blast of light.
Justin looked around; the goblin whod accompanied him was also knocked out by the light, but was still breathing, albeit shallowly.
He raced back through the observation chambers and down into the central lobby. From there, he had no sense of where to go; the tunnels could lead anywhere. He started running down one, stopped when he reached a great, dusty kitchen, and retreated to the lobby again, where he noticed a goblin frozen on its way into the room, a look of dumb surprise just building in its face.
He dropped the timeshift and said, Theres been an accident in the smithy! Get help, now!
The goblin spun on its heel and started off. Justin shouted, Wait, how do I get there?
The goblin ducked back into the room and pointed at another corridor with one hand as it fumbled for a brass horn at its belt with the other.
Thanks! Justin cried, then timeshifted and raced up the corridor. He fetched up against a great stone door that was barred from the inside.
He threw his shoulder against one of the doors edges. It was immovable. Screaming in frustration, he tried the other and felt a slight give. Groaning and sweating with the effort, drawing on every last iota of power the coin could feed him, Justin heaved at the door. For a span of agonized straining, nothing happened. 
Then something snapped on the other side and he tumbled into another corridor. At its far end lay a ring-chamber that followed the curvature of the observation rooms above. Stone doors branched off at regular intervals. Justin counted them down the left-hand side and heaved at the stonework again.
He was in the chamber, which stank of many things. None of them smelled like burned flesh, but the rankness worried Justin. Why isnt the vent sucking that fog away? he thought, looking around madly.
Justin crouched by the side of the first master, who was breathing but unconscious. He dragged the dwarfs body into the corridor, where fresh air blew from other vents. Then he went back for the others.
The last master was trying to rise, so Justin dropped the shift and spoke to him. Are you okay?
I . . . what happened? It was Pyotr.
I have no idea, Justin said, realizing his statement was only partly true. The kid had done something. And now the coin, and the ring as well, it seemed, were gone. Can you move? Do you feel all right?
My body is sore, and Im blind. The dwarf gripped his forearms painfully. Deep Ones, Im blind, Im blind! he wailed.
Shh, its okay, Justin said. Lets get you out of here. He helped the master stand, then supported him as he limped toward the corridor.
By now, goblins were arriving to carry the masters away on prepared stretchers. One  Podu, Justin thought  went into the chamber to survey the damage. Justin helped Pyotr lie down on a stretcher, then felt a rush of air as Podu did something to circulate the air in the chamber; when Justin looked in again, the fog had dissipated, along with the terrible assault of odors.
He helped Podu shut the door, then hurried down alongside the goblin as they followed the masters to Tatiana.

CHAPTER FORTY-THREE


Tatiana snapped at Justin when he got there, What happened?
Startled, Justin snapped back, Hell if I know! When he saw her stricken look, however, he softened his tone. They were just about finished with the coin, then this big explosion happened  well, not an explosion, exactly  an explosion of light. It blinded everyone. I used my coins powers to get word out and to get in there.
Tatiana was sprinkling measures of powder from small folds of paper into glass bottles of liquid, which she stoppered and shook vigorously. Here, she said, thrusting two bottles at him. He shook them while Tatiana turned to other preparations, then he took stock of the place.
It looked like another guest room, larger than his own, but it was stuffed with cabinets and dressers, and held two long, sturdy tables, one of which was clear and the other cluttered with many containers, instruments, and bunches of herbs. The masters had been laid on their stretchers along one wall, and Tatiana went to examine them.
Wheres Stass healing coin? Justin asked.
Tatiana shot him a venomous look, then nodded briskly at a goblin attendant, who darted from the room.
Do you think my coin could help? Justin continued, at a loss. He wanted to do something to help, but he could think of nothing.
Pssh, Tatiana hissed. Its iron, you idiot. And I think you and your coins have done enough today. Just shake those bottles, and those over there, until the powders all dissolved.
Flushed with anger now  or was it shame?  Justin shut up and did exactly that. Tatiana collected the bottles from him and drew the liquid out with a pipette, then dribbled the liquid into the corners of the masters eyes. Each in turn spluttered awake, moaning in pain and blinking madly. Pyotr endured the liquid in grim-jawed silence, blinking methodically to distribute it evenly across his eyes.
Tach and Tan, what happened? Stas said, rubbing at his eyes.
I told you we added too much putty! snarled Ignat. Salamandrine oversaturation.
No, said Mikhail thickly. Backlash wouldve come during the folding phase. It was . . . something else.
Are you feeling all right? Tatiana asked them. She was chopping and mashing together a mixture of dried and fresh herbs. Podu, get them face towels, then get the fire up and boil some water.
Justin looked around. Uh, Podus not here, he said, confused. Didnt Podu lead me here?
Tatiana glanced up quickly, then said, You do it then. Dresser to your right, third drawer down. Then get the coals exposed and wood on them. Should be water in the kettle.
Justin handed out towels, then attended the fire. He felt a small measure of satisfaction to see flames start to lick at the wood.
What else? Ignat snarled again. We followed that recipe to the letter, and I must say, the coin was looking excellent. Up till that last stamp. The recipe must have been rotten, then. Bad proportions. Or maybe you got the wrong kind of salamander. He jabbed his towel at Justin.
What? You didnt even think salamanders existed! Justin protested. Now there are all different kinds of salamander?
Pyotr cleared his throat, and the submasters fell silent. Justin, you were first in the striking room, yes? Did you see what became of the coin?
All eyes turned to Justin. He felt heavy and slow moving as a living statue suddenly. Uh, no. That is, there . . . there was no coin. It had just disappeared. And the seal ring too. He swallowed drily, unsure of what to tell them about the kid. I saw the kid intervene  he must have planned this. So the coins gone, and the ring, but the masters seem all right . . . He felt his confusion rise up to overwhelm his thoughts, and decided not to interfere with whatever the kid had done, or planned to do. Thats all, he concluded.
Tatiana examined each of the masters in turn while the water boiled and every one of them simmered in their private thoughts. She poured the water over the herbs in a bowl and stirred.
The goblin returned with Stass healing coin and presented it to Justin, who bent to place it around the dwarfs neck. Stas chuckled once and looked at him, still red-eyed from the medicinal wash. Pretty sure this wont help, but thanks for the thought, boyo.
A heavy silence settled in the room that Justin had no idea how to dislodge. Should he apologize? Try to comfort them? He pictured himself patting Ignat on the head and suppressed a shudder when he imagined what would happen next.
Finally, Pyotr cleared his throat. I am defeated by events. We have brought the finest craft we possess to bear on this project. The recipe, though complicated, was not beyond our skill. Submasters, you acquitted yourselves with honor in all your doings, as did you, Justin. The recipe itself must be to blame. Perhaps the copy you found was incomplete, Justin, or perhaps some detail escaped your attention in committing it again to writing.
The masters accepted mugs of herbal tea from Tatiana. The submasters exchanged weary glances and winced as they sipped at the stuff, which to Justin smelled like old Band-aids.
Could might be an evil spirit, Mikhail said glumly.
Stas snorted. Willy oakd get em. Besides, what spirits have you heard tell of lately?
Ignat stared at Justin. Theres the ones he purportedly slew at the bottom of the lake.
Justin gave Ignat a hard look in return. Purportedly? You saw the condition my arm was in when I got back. You saw the lights through your periscope or whatever.
Yeah, but maybe you tucked one in a pocket for a little mischief later, Ignat pressed, his teeth flashing in the soft glow of the light-stones above. Maybe thought youd nab the coin and avoid the fee all at one blow.
For a moment, Justin imagined whacking Ignat upside his head.
Stas kicked at Ignat. He wasnt in the room! How could he nab the coin?
A confederate helped him, its obvious! Ignat snapped.
Its lunacy! Stas roared.
Its plausible, Mikhail mused.
Masters! Pyotr growled, and they fell silent. Our client was not responsible for what happened. The error lies in the recipe itself, or in us. Did we not discuss this at the outset  did we not recognize the possibility of failure even then? So now that failure has visited our house, are we to turn him away a stranger?
The submasters stared into their mugs.
Masters, Pyotr continued more neutrally, we nevertheless achieved a great work today, and in the weeks prior. The coin was struck, after all. Its engraving failed, but not its manufacture. Perhaps the powers of that mysterious ring are to blame, and who can blame us for not knowing about the signs of the Far Ancients, when none live today who could have taught us?
No, masters, we did well, and we owe Justin a debt of thanks for it.
Justin looked up, shocked. Me?
Yes. Thanks to your commission, to your bravery, to your sweat and blood, we brought to life the greatest coin there has ever been, possibly. Perhaps it is for the best that its beginning was its end.
Stas raised his mug. A toast to Justin! The others raised theirs, though Ignat hesitated before joining them. May your beard grow to meet your mate! They drank.
If it ever grows at all, Ignat muttered. And dont forget, he added after swallowing, we may owe you a debt of thanks, but you owe us a debt of Ore.
It was then the fire hissed out, drowned under a rush of cold water that poured into the room. The masters scrambled to their feet awkwardly, still clad in their protective gear, while Tatiana raced to pile some wood in the doorway against the sudden flood.
Deep Ones, what now? Mikhail wailed.
A goblin came splashing up the corridor. Masters! it cried. The lake! The lake is overflowing!
Apparently, Pyotr said calmly. Let us get higher for a look. But first, the door to the production rooms must be shut tight or well have a toxic stew to contend with. Justin, you and Tatiana see to that. Mikhail and Ignat, take a telescope up to the observation yard. Stas, go with the tall folk and lead them up when the doors secure. Ill see to the waters.
They all started to move, but Tatiana said sharply, Ah-ah! Finish your tea first. Then weve got the rest of your detox regimen after this oh-so-convenient emergency.
The submasters groaned, but Pyotr said, Listen to the healer! and chugged down the rest of his tea.
As Stas led them back to the production rooms, sloshing through the inch-high water as fast as his short legs would allow, he said to Justin, Never you mind Ignat. Hes suspicious by nature. Makes for wonderful quality control and terrible conversation.
Thanks, Stas. I . . . I feel like I owe all of you an apology, Justin replied, thinking, Once I get an explanation from the kid about what happened. He could at least have warned me . . .
Nonsense. By rights, under Commerce Law, you could claim damages against the entire coinworks. Your commission was destroyed, after all, and you have no means of verifying it wasnt our fault.
Justin recalled the lunging shadow of the kid and said, Im pretty sure you guys had nothing to do with it.
The door was broken, of course, which impressed Stas "Its the second strongest door in the place!  so they brought a mass of sticky clay out from the production room stores and filled in the gap around the bottom as best they could. The waters had not reached the threshold yet, as the corridor curved up slightly, and Stas thought thered be time enough for some of the clay to set, cementing the door in place.
Then they started up a broad spiral stair carved into the living rock, emerging into a small room with a stone door that had been crudely propped open with a chunk of firewood.
The door led outside, and though it was late afternoon, Justin had to squint as his eyes adjusted to the sunlight. They stood on a flat expanse dotted here and there with weeds and bordered with a stone fence that came up to his knees. The other submasters were fussing over a pile of metal and glass, slowly assembling it into a lengthening tube. Stas cursed and took charge, and soon a telescope stood ready at dwarf height, pointing west toward the lake.
Justin needed no telescope to see the devastation the lake had wrought; everywhere he looked, the afternoon sun gleamed back from a uniform pane of water that had erased the road and settled in the forest. Far off across the lake, a rainbow-colored light flared brilliantly, like a mystical, frozen flame.
What. The. Hell, Justin breathed, then looked at Tatiana. Is this normal? Like, a Realm thing that happens sometimes?
Tatiana shook her head, shocked speechless.
A wet slapping sound echoed up the stairs, then Pyotr joined them along with a couple of goblins. Their clothing was sopping up to their waists. We stopped the flood and have to think next about how to get the water out of the works. Whats the situation up here? By the Deep Ones! he blurted as he saw for himself.
Mikhail tapped the telescope. Master? he said.
Pyotr hurried over and bent to the eyepiece, swiveling and adjusting it until he gasped and jerked his head back to peer out over the lake. Its . . . impossible! he cried in a husky voice.
The masters crowded at the eyepiece to see for themselves. They each reeled back in turn, allowing Justin to kneel and take a look.
Far out over the expanse of peach-colored, wave-torn water, the Crystal Labyrinth stood, gleaming prismatically as it caught and played with the discarded rays of the sinking sun.
Tach and Tan, Justin breathed. Jesus, Mary, Joseph, and all the saints.
Their little group stood there, staring at the transformed world, until the northern mountains swallowed the sun.

###

Continued in Coin of the Realm Part II . . . 

Thanks for reading, and see you in the next book!
About the Author

When hes not exploring the forests and hills of his rural home, Russell Gene Harrison writes speculative fiction, horror, and fantasy of all kinds. He is currently working on a trilogy about the end of the universe as well as one involving dragons and teenagers. He donates 5% of his book revenues to environmental causes, since a healthy planet is what makes books possible in the first place.


Titles by R.G. Harrison 

Coin of the Realm: Part I
Coin of the Realm: Part II
Coin of the Realm: Part III

Thanks for reading! If you liked this book and want more, leave a star-studded, gushing review at your favorite ebook retailer!

Also, connect with me at

Twitter:  https://twitter.com/rghsfw
My blog:  https://russellgharrison.wordpress.com
Smashwords:  russellgeneharrison

SNEAK PREVIEW: COIN OF THE REALM PART II


CHAPTER TWO


By the time Justin could find anyone to talk to about this development, a goblin came running through the corridors, blatting on its warning-horn and calling, Clients! Elven clients from the north kingdoms! Masters! Elves!
That brought the dwarves out from wherever theyd been  salvaging supplies or cleaning equipment  to the central lobby, where Justin stood waiting amid piles of ruined items waiting to be taken out the front of the smithy.
Justin, theres a lad, help me get these couches cleared, Stas said as he entered the room, his tunic and hands smeared with greenish grease. He reached for a piece of furniture, saw the state of his hands, and wiped them on his trouser bottoms. Justin helped him shift around a few pieces of relatively clean furniture.
By then, the rest of the masters had made it to the room, as well as Tatiana. A goblin came walking in backwards, bowing extravagantly with one arm swept behind it, surreptitiously searching for obstacles.
After him came the elves.
Justin had never seen a supermodel in real life, though like all American teenagers he had practically drowned in images of them on the Internet and TV. And here a couple dozen of them walked right up in front of him and spread out in a semicircle: their skin shone china-white, their hair glowed like honey under the light-stones, their large green eyes were like emeralds, and their every last feature possessed a perfection of form and an unearthly grace that Justin could find no adequate words to describe.
For a moment, he had an attack of vertigo: these were the ghosts hed slain at the bottom of the lake, come back to haunt him . . . but no, the ghosts were ghosts; how could they return to life? The way the elves stood, and how they looked, were identical, but he saw no trace of ill will  no rage, no vengeance, no stern purpose on those living faces. Instead, they each beamed with an identical expression of mild benevolence.
Justin blinked and felt a second moment of disorientation. They were identical in every way; they looked like perfect clones, each dressed in trim but lavishly decorated tunic and breeches, each wearing an identical silver pendant. Their features might have suited men as much as women, and Justin could make out no telltale swellings at the chest to distinguish male from female.
For a moment, the two groups looked at each other, the elves seeming to emanate a wholesome, holy glow, the dwarves ragged and grubby and supremely self-conscious.
Pyotr cleared his throat and said something like, Ar arshin danell da ar she shay shin ar shinda, pitching his tones wildly up and down in a singsong. Then he bowed deeply. The rest of the dwarves and Tatiana did likewise, and Justin followed suit a second later.
The elf at the center of the semicircle widened his  her?  smile and replied in a voice that was more like a trilling of harp strings, though Justin could make out some of the same words Pyotr had used. The high pitch of the voice made him think she was a woman.
But let us speak Dwarvish so that all may hear what we have come to say, the elf then said, and every syllable sang with a perfect tone that made Justin think, for a moment, of the beauty of language itself. It took a moment for him to understand the elfs actual words.
As your graces wish. It is kind of you to treat with us so familiarly, Pyotr replied.
Mikhail scampered forward and indicated one of the couches. A seat for your graces!
The elf turned her head to look at the piece of water-stained furniture. Without a change of expression, she turned back to face Pyotr.
There are great changes in the land, as you may know. They have affected all the peoples of the Realm, and they present great challenges as well as great opportunities, the elf continued.
Pyotr nodded. Nonplussed, Mikhail slunk back to rejoin the group.
We are here to gather you together with your clan in a loving-care camp in the Blessed Kingdom, the elf said, smiling even wider.
Clan Baika! Stas cried, smacking one palm against his forehead. The delvings! The flood! How could we be so selfish as not to think of our own people?
Mikhail buried his face in his hands with a sob, while Ignat sniffed and scuffed at a spot on the floor with his boot.
Pyotr said, Weve had our hands overfull here. The Clan can look after itself. He looked troubled as he spoke, however.
Not when its tunnels are flooded, the elf offered cheerfully. That is why the Clan elected to take our offer of temporary residence in a loving-care camp in the Blessed Kingdom. This same offer we extend . . ." the elf swept an arm elegantly out in an arc that took in the whole group, to you!
Ignat grumbled, Were fine here, beg your pardon.
The elfs smile tightened ever so slightly and a flicker of green light passed through her eyes. Begging your own pardon, but you do not look it. The loving-care camp, a courtesy of the Blessed Kingdom in recognition of the ancient and honorable ties between our peoples, is a clean place of food, warmth, shelter, and dignified work. The elf waggled a hand at the piles of soggy trash in the room. Everything this place is not.
Ignat flushed and opened his mouth, but Stas kicked the side of his foot and he lowered his gaze, staring a hole in the ground.
Pardon my impertinence, Pyotr said with his deep, cool smoothness, but what work might there be for coinsmiths such as ourselves? The markets are, after all . . ." he paused, considering his choice of words carefully, sluggish.
Justin thought of all the bitching hed heard from the dwarves about the Commerce Law and the trade-strangling deadlock among the Big Three. He suppressed a smile at Pyotrs diplomacy.
Oh, there is more work for honest coinsmiths now than ever before! the elf cried, laughing. A ripple of identical laughter swept through the rank of elves. It weirded Justin out; it was like listening to twenty radios tuned to the same station, each broadcasting slightly out of sync with the others.
Pyotr could not hide his eagerness. Paid work? Making coins?
Paid, yes! Minus the expenses of the loving-care camp, of course, the elf said. We have a long list of commissions to discuss with the most illustrious coinsmiths of Clan Baika.
Pyotr looked around at the submasters, his eyes wet and shining. They each nodded.
When do we leave? Pyotr asked as the elf beamed and beamed.

###
