
The Rising Sun

Clocks 
BOOK ONE




J HAWK



Copyright  2014 J Hawk




EPISODE 3


1

Two years ago


The rough crackling of the fire was the only sound heard through the silence. Dyano leaned with his pillow against the wall behind his bamboo cot. Going days without bathing could prove bad for a Blackling: he felt a mild itching sensation in the short black fur all over his body. Dyano rounded his thoughts back to his current situation, reminding himself that his black fur was hardly what mattered now. 

He gazed at the small fire he had built a few feet to the side of his cot. The fire was meant not only to keep him warm, but also to keep away unwanted beasts that might happen to come prowling nearby. He was now at the far edge of the village, and a jungle like, part wilderly region was opening up at the end of the expanse he was now amidst. Behind him, at the other end of the sand strewn expanse, the faint outlines of the first huts of the village could be seen. The village was one of the numerous cluttered all over the planet of Gornos. This happened to be one of the few planets in the outer spectrum which had a non negligible inhabitance of men, and the reason being it came at the first layer of the outer spectrum  far away from the more barbaric section that came in the deeper layers. 

Dyano reached to the ground beside his cot, and felt his hand land on a clutter of firewood - the stock he had kept gathered for keeping the fire on through the night. Scooping up one of the unused branches, he twirled it absent mindedly, his eyes now carrying overhead, to the star sprayed chasm above. The night had wrapped across the planet like a dark blanket, immersing the world in another quiet slumber

If given the choice, Dyano would not have chosen this type of life, but he knew better than to grumble over things that couldnt be changed. His attitude was what had kept him up against the tough pace of the world around him. Any other man would have withered in the intensity of the glare that life had put him under through his years. The challenges of his day were far beyond ordinary ones  But Dyano had been moulded with a strong spirit, which had helped him keep up. He would not allow his will to bend when facing lifes hindrances. No matter how impossible, or momentous they were. 

He threw his hands back in a wide, muscle flexing stretch, yawning sleepily. As his head sank into his pillow, he felt a familiar cozy sensation tugged at him

Well, so long to another day

He spent a moment to focus on the fire seething a few feet away. The warm glow of the fire seemed to melt right through his bones. He considered the twig in his hand, then looked at the pile of branches lying gathered beside him. The sleepy side of him wanted to forget about the fire and just go to sleep. But reason kicked in, reminding him that he was now in the middle of a half grown forest, and that the fire was his only solace in safety. 

As he usually did, Dyano submitted to the greater side of him. Fighting off the sleepiness spreading through him, he slowly drew himself up. Then, gathering the pile of firewood with both hands, he slowly trotted over and dropped them one by one onto the fire, giving a moments gap between two of them. 

When all the wood had been swallowed by the fire, it was now almost twice the size it had been before. Now capable of enduring through the entire night. Spreading his hands in another yawn, Dyano turned and walked back to the cot. Now able to peacefully surrender to the drowsiness, he prepared to fling himself over his cot. 

But there was someone else on it. 

Hello there, said the red haired boy with burning orange eyes, staring at Dyano with a creepy, twisted smile. Have a seat, wont you? He beckoned to the other side of the cot. 

Dyano had frozen to the spot, attempting to free his mind from the shock clutching it. After the stretch of a few long moments, he said, Who are you?

A messenger. the boy replied. 

Dyano stood just as still, watching the boy unblinkingly. A messenger?

Yes, said the boy, cocking his head mildly. Youve made enemies all over the spectrum, Dyano  a lot of enemies. And youve been hiding from them for quite long now. But not anymore. Your times come to an end. His smile widened. Thats why Im here.

Dyanos mind had raced halfway ahead of the entire situation. So youre one of them  my enemies?

The boy sat straighter on the cot. Like I said  Im just a messenger.

Dyano steadied himself, knowing that he had just wandered into one of those situations that needed all his presence of mind  and all his courage. 

Youre making a mistake, kid. he hissed, trying to infuse as much menace into his voice as possible. 

The boy continued to sit stand there, his molten coloured eyes searing into Dyano. Something seemed to churn within them, a wrath powerful as it was deadly. Dyano felt a prickly tingling of his intuition, warning him  telling him to back off. Suppressing the feeling, he stood in front of the messenger of his enemies, feeling the bravery of his old days gush back to him.

I dont make mistakes. The boys smile stretched longer, and something within his orange eyes seemed to burn brighter. But when I do, I make them real big.

Dyano knew the moment had come  and his mind jolted into high speed.
 
He whipped out the small, slightly blunted knife from his back pocket and flung it at his opponent, who lay sprawled on the cot. As though without the meanest care in the world. 

The boys eyes fell to focus over the knife, watching in elaborate slow motion as it slowly came gliding towards him. And then, an inch from his chest, the knife fell dead in motion - it stopped in mid air, and stayed frozen just before his chest. 

Dyanos mouth fell open. Its a mystic 

The mystic slowly took hold of the knife frozen in the air an inch from his chest. Rising from the cot, he strode upto Dyano who stood there, senseless with dread and panic. 

It cant be breathed Dyano, as the boy slowly walked before him.

I once thought so too. The boy said, nodding.

And the boy sent his fist flying into Dyanos face  and with a shudder, Dyano felt the entire world go blank. 

__________


A large room, with a rare collection of furniture and items spread within. The windows raised over the walls were majestic and large, allowing thick beams of shining, silver moonlight to glide through and fill the insides. A lonesome figure stood at the end of the large room, seemingly absorbed in thought. He was adorned in an elegant brown suit. He stood opposite to the door of the room, which lay sealed shut behind him. The silence in the large, palace like room was absolute. The man in the brown suit stood on the spot in his thought absorbed state for a while. 

Then, the room door behind him slid open. A boy in his mid teens with unkempt crimson hair walked though, carrying what looked like a body over his shoulders. Ion stopped halfway inside the large room, heaved the body of Dyano off his back and threw it to the ground heavily. The body rolled once, coming to a stop a few feet before the man in the brown suit. 

Its done. Ion announced, dusting his hands.

The man in the brown suit slowly turned, his eyes falling on the body on the floor. Grando stared at the unconscious body for a few long seconds, before slowly raising his gaze to Ion with a smile. 

Of course it is, he said, nodding. That would have been decided the very day I met you.

It wasnt as hard as you said it was, said Ion, strolling forward casually. The guy was hiding at the edge of the outer spectrum. So what now?

Grando walked upto the body of the unconscious anti terrorist leader, and unleashed a flat kick to the mans belly. The limp body was thrown to the other side. 

Dear Dyano had founded a prominent special forces squad, explained Grando. An anti terror group, which was in close ties with the Naxim itself. He was threatening to bring down not only my terrorist organisation, but almost every other in this cluster, and several other criminal oganisations. He had become a threat to countless illegal organisations across the spectrum, and we needed to put a stop to him. Sensing danger for himself, he fled, going into hiding. For a long time, he had vanished. But I knew just the thing to have him found and brought down. He looked back up at Ion, smiling. Just the thing  the one unfailing method: I decide to pitch in a call to my very favourite bounty hunter/assassin  and the best one there is. I get Ion on the case, to track down and bring this man back. And what a surprise, He strolled over towards Ion, circling him slowly. He returns with the prize in less than a week. He patted Ion on the back gently. This is the reason I just love mystics.

It was too bad you wanted him alive, said Ion, an inheld growl in his tone. I wouldve enjoyed taking him apart.

I know you wouldve, laughed Grando. So would I. but unfortunately, I need Dyano alive. Im going to hold him ransom, against the other members of his squad. Its the only way we can stop them all.

He gave Ion another friendly pat. Ive got another one I could use your help in tracking down, by the way.

Dead or alive? asked Ion with a sense of savage eagerness. 

Alive. answered Grando, and Ions look of eagerness slackened. But Grando gave a harsh chuckle. Alive  but only so we can torture him to death. And you can join in with that.

The savage fervour was re kindled in Ions face. All right, then.

This is a particular vigilante whose been bothering me for some time now. Grando explained. Hes gonna be rather hard to catch  But not for you, of course.

Ion thought for a moment, and then nodded. Let me see his details.

Grando stuffed his hand into his suit pocket, and drew out a folded piece of paper. The details of the new target, with everything the bounty hunter needed to know of it. He unfolded it and saw the blurred picture of the vigilante, the target who had been eluding them for so long now. The picture was taken in another of their bases, and the man had been captured in a speedy sprint. Grando handed the paper to Ion. The boys brow contracted in a slight frown as he ran through the paper. 

We think hes a member of the Special Forces, working behind a mask. explained Grando. But we arent too sure. We know that he works alone, and that he uses an array of powerful, fancy gizmos to do what he does: fight down terrorists. No non mystic has given us this much of a threat. Hes too dangerous. Ive gotta get rid of him. Im willing to pay a grand price of three thousand for him.

Ion lowered the paper, still frowning. Three thousand, huh? He gave a seconds thought, and then nodded. Ok. Ill do it. But Ill start on this one in a day or two. He folded the paper and pocketed it. 

Grando nodded. Of course, a good hunter/ assassin needs his rest, doesnt he?

Who needs rest? laughed Ion, turning and strolling back towards the door. Youre forgetting that Ive got tons other jobs from tons other mafias and terrorists. His lips twitched in an unpleasant smile. And most of them dont need me to bring the prize back alive  and thats just the part I love, about what I do.

He turned and strode back out the door, the brown suited Redling staring after him with a faint grin. 

__________


So did you get through with Grandos job?

Lying slumped on the wooden chair lazily, Ion turned to the person who had asked the question. Monaz sat on the half broken cot across the small hut they were in, leaning against the wall behind him. 

Yeah. he answered with a snort. It was a bit too easy. What about you?

Monaz frowned. My assassination almost got goofed up.

What do you mean almost? asked Alcrox, a short Iveling boy sitting in another rugged wooden chair at the corner of the small hut. 

Cops? asked Ion. 

Monaz nodded, and then smiled suddenly. Oh, I showed them why they shouldnt have messed with me.

Of course you did, said Ion. If you didnt you wouldnt be a mystic. He turned to Alcrox. What about you, Al? Did you kill the target Crooger gave you?

Oh, I had a hurdle or two along the way, said Alcrox. But I got him at the end. Little squib almost wet himself when he found out it was no ordinary bounty hunter comin after him.

The three of them laughed cruelly. 

They sat idle for some time, and a bored silence fell over the hut. 

Bounty hunters were common. And so were bounty hunters who lived together in groups. But bounty hunter groups who were all mystics  Now there was something unusual. And terrifying. 

Ion was living with four other young mystic boys his age. And the five of them, together, were successfully spreading fear far and wide across the spectrum. The five of them worked as bounty hunters and assassins, helping to hunt down targets for various illegal organisations across the spectrum. Crime lords, terrorists, and plenty of other members of the criminal underworld hired them for tracking down people they wanted, and for killing them. And the fact that they were mystics, contrary to scaring normal people away, attracted crime bosses and terrorists to them. They flocked to them for services such as hunting and killing, having realised the true value of their supernatural powers. 

To the rest of the world, they were nothing but a menace, a class of different creatures who were meant feared and kept away from. To the rest of the world, they had no value  but Ion and his friends found their value here. In the criminal world of thugs, crime lords and terrorists. In this world, they and their powers were supremely valued. And they were generously paid for as well. Countless illegal employers made use of their mystic powers to help have their targets hunted down, or assassinated. This was where they belonged, and where they always would.

The world had shunned them, for being different. For being mystics. They had been cast out, condemned, prosecuted  and they had suffered for the sole reason that the rest of the world could not accept what they were. They had no place in that world, which hated and feared them. But the group of them had found their true place and their purpose here. In casting terror back into the hearts of those in that world that had condemned them. This was their message to the rest of the world. This was their way of repaying the treatment they had received from the rest of mankind. They saw no reason to show mercy to anyone living out there  and they would enjoy every drop of blood they shed amongst the people of that cruel, cold world. 

Ion felt a twitch rise to his face. 

He shook off the heavy whirl of thoughts, and brought his attention back to the present. They were waiting for the last two members of their gang, who were out with their hunts and assassinations. 

Your brother should have finished his assassination by now. Ion said, turning to Alcrox. Why isnt he back yet?

Alcrox gave a grunt of laughter. He probably took off on another hunt. Try calling him.

Ion drew out his z-com and dialed. The call was answered, and a holographic screen came to life over his z-com, staring out of which was a thin face.

You done yet? asked Ion. were waiting for you.

Yeah, Im almost at the hut now. he responded, nodding. Ill be there in less than a minute. The line disconnected, letting the holographic screen fade back to nothingness.

Alcroxs brother and Ion were the unofficial leaders of this group  and the greatest of friends as well. The bond of friendship between them was deeper than any other.

Less than a minute later, the flimsy wooden door of the hut they had built swung over, and a young Iveling strode in. 

Talk about a long day. commented Vonayz, chuckling. 


2




Marion and his wife had tried everything. They had gone from healer to healer, searching the entire village for an answer. For a cure. Because they knew it couldnt be otherwise  the price to be payed, if they could not bring a stop to this, was far too great. But after scouring the village, and seeking the counsel of countless trained healers, they came to accept the disastrous truth. This was not a disease   This was nothing they could cure. There was only one possibility. 

Ion is a mystic. Marion had whispered to his wife, Selia. And a veil of foreboding seemed to rise before them.

It cant be Selia whispered back, the blood drained from her face. 

Looking sweet and harmless as ever, their twin boys Ion and Eol sat opposite to the couple, looking at their parents with their beautiful orange eyes. They were the couples greatest treasure and love. Their single greatest source of joy in this world. Ion and Eol. The two beautiful twins, with crimson hair, orange eyes and pleasant smiles ever on their lips. The twins were the only reason Marion and Selia even rose every morning to address a new day 

The two boys had reached Marion and Selia through a miracle. A miracle that shaped the twins upbringing from the start itself

The couple had had no children of their own. And they had never asked for any either  But years back, something happened, which gifted them with the miracle of these two children  A disaster. A disaster the village would never forget for years. 

The deadly fire that had broken out in the orphanage nearby had claimed all of the lives in it. All its toddlers had been killed mercilessly in it. All  except two. Covered in cloths as infants, two beautiful twins, Ion and Eol were the only two survivors of the disastrous fire that had ripped apart the nearby orphanage. Marion and Selia had witnessed them, and had realised something through their wizened years.

This was no accident. 

Fate had decided to spare these two children for a reason. 

And so, accepting the call of fate, and striving to aid it, they had decided to adopt the two homeless infants who had survived the fire. They had been old, but they knew that this was something that had to be done  for they knew that these two infants would one day grow up to become men who changed the world. Why else would God have spared them that day?

And so, intending to aid God in his plan, the two had adopted Eol and Ion, and had decided to raise them with the firmest of principles and values. Love. Kindness. Selflessness. They knew that Ion and Eol would use these principles that the elderly couple taught them, these weapons, to change the world one day, make it a far better place  they knew it.But this tragic day, they had been proved wrong. And everything they knew was now teetering on the dangerous edge of collapse.

For if Ion was truly a mystic  then everything would change. Their entire family would be in danger  but not as much danger as Ion himself would be in. 

We have to hide it. Selia hissed into Marions ear, her eyes unmoved from her foster son across the table. Ion was sitting beside Eol, and the two of them stared back identically at the elderly couple with their innocent, loving eyes, completely unbothered, and unperturbed. Blissfully ignorant of the problem that was now thundering in the house. We cant let the other villagers know  or - or Selia seemed to choke with the words in her throat. 

Marion patted his wife gently. They wont. Dont worry, Selia, well keep it secret. They had to. For the sake of their foster son. To protect him from a world where others like him were subjects of great fear and mistreatment. If they found out, the rest of the villagers would have to hand Ion over to the authorities, for their own sakes as well: because the law made clear that even those found guilty of harbouring, or protecting a mystic would be punished. The rest of the village could never know 

Nobody will know. Marion assured, his deadened stare fixed on their son. Nobody can know.

But they had been wrong  terribly wrong. 

The village of Crados was gripped by a furious frenzy, a frenzy mingled with panic, when it rose to the surface. When the secret got out, that one of the adopted two kids of Marion and Selia was  one of them. One of those superhuman, dangerous creatures. 

The authorities of the planet they lived in surged in less than an hour after the news burst out  and Ion was dragged away, weeping, from his family. But they didnt stop there. For some reason, the Naxim authorities werent satisfied with only Ion. they believed for some reason, that the condition was shared by both of the twins  and that Eol, too, was also affected by his twin brothers disease, that he too, was contaminated. The mystical powers that Ion had, Eol too had to have, they believed  The proof of this, nobody knew. But the Naxims mercilessness had spiralled to a new height. They had blinded themselves to the pleas and cries of the elderly couple.

The two boys, Ion and Eol, had been ripped from their homes, and their parents. Marion and Selia wailed their anguish out as they watched cruel fate rip them from their sole source of life in their world. The elderly couple shook with sobs as the two boys were was chained up, tossed brutally at the back of the van and driven away from them  forever. Ion could have endured, at least, if he had been placed together with his dear brother, whom he found strength in. As long as they were together, the two of them, they would brave whatever came as one  as long as they at least had each other, things would be all right, right? But   no. The Naxim had taken the two boys to two separate prison stations, keeping them away from not only their parents, but from each other. From everything they had loved. Now, the two of them were alone. Alone as could be. And then came the agony


So  Where do we begin? commander Rox leered, bearing down on a helpless Ion placed at the corner of the prison cell. He had a well toned, heavy physique and a brutish, merciless demeanor. His cold yellow eyes seemed to glint with malice as he looked down over the shivering, frost bitten eight year old boy. 

Im your prison supervisor  unfortunately. He seemed to revel in the Ions inner carnage, enjoying the brutal effect of his words on the boy. You have been found guilty of treason in the name of law  And nature itself. He sighed tragically. The law states that mystics are to be hung immediately on discovery. But unfortunately the exception is those well underage. Its a little too bad, I would have well preferred a quick exit  Compared to whats gonna happen to you now.

W - What? Ion needed to force the words out from the bottom of his stomach, as he shivered in despair. Whats happening t-to me?

Roxs dreadful leer grew wider. And he bent down over the boy, bringing his face mere inches from him. Youre gonna be experimented upon  we need to find out why youre so He stopped for a rough chuckle. So  wrong.

Theres n- nothing wrong -

Shh. Rox placed a finger to seal Ions lips, making a cold feigning of an assuring loved one here to help. Dont talk now  Its almost started.

 
They had conducted experiments on the eight year old boy. Ruthless, savage experiments to find out what made him such. They had placed him in simulated environments, dream like states of a gory, savage nature. They had put him in illusions to study his brain wave patterns, and to determine what made it such. They had even tampered him bodily, subjecting him to electrocution and various other forms of crude inhumane treatment, meant for finding out what gave him such supernatural abilities. They were unwilling to digest the simple, beautiful fact that these abilities were not of the body, but of the mind. They couldnt accept the fact that people such as him could live among them in peace  and so they tortured him. Day after day. Experiments. Simulations. Electrocutions. Ions life would have been described by one sheerly simple word. 

Hell.

And it went on, grinding him through years of misery 

And he lost all hope, all life, and all light. He was turned into a mere sack of bones, thin and skeletal, with rumpled crimson hair. His sweet orange eyes now seemed to burn on the inside. He had become something beside human and emotional. Nothing existed inside of him, his mind and his dreams, but a swirl of darkness and disgust. Hatred for everything around him. His life had been shattered. Pain itself had become his world. 

But he knew that he wasnt the only one 

The knowledge that he was the reason for his familys suffering  That was the true pain. He knew that his foster parents were losing a bit of their life everyday without Ion and Eol. And Eol, though innocent, he had been forced to undergo this as well. And the fact that he was innocent, and not a mystic, was horror to Ion: because even he, as a mystic, couldnt undergo these tortures. How could Eol? He couldnt hope for it. Eol, his innocent twin brother, was forced to suffer and die because of Ion. He could not last  And the reason for it was Ion. The knowledge drilled into him with merciless fury. At night, sometimes, he thought he heard the ghostly cries of his brother reach him from across the veil  and he would stay awake, sleepless and wide eyed, for the rest of the night 

When will it end? he asked fate everyday, for suicide too was kept away from his reach: the prison ensured that he stayed alive, strapped up and placed at the corner of the cell, so that he could wake up the next day for his usual schedule of experiments. When?

And then light came. 

One fine day, it happened. 

A thirteen year old Ion had been sleeping, submerged beneath the same layer of cruel dreams he had these days. He was jolted out of his sleep by the thrashing, loud noises. Lying strapped at the corner of the prison cell, he could do nothing but listen. There were bangs and screams and then

The door to his cell blasted open. And he had strode into Ions cell with a blazing sword in one hand, cutting Ion free from his bound state, and then holding a hand to help him up. 

Im here to help. the mysterious attacker declared. The names Vonayz.

The boy was here along with a small group of kids around his age. They were all mystics, like Ion. the group of them were bounty hunters, assassins. Merciless and savage in what they did. They took pleasure in what they did, which was showing the world how much they hated it. They were repaying the cruelty and contempt the world had shown them, in a radical and brutal manner. They had decided to make an attacked this prison as a leisure activity. And they chanced by Ion and rescued him. 

Before they fled the burning prison, wrecked by Vonayz and his group, Ion had sought commander Rox. Luckily he had still been alive. Luckily for Ion. 

His mind blazing, Ion stood before the man who had made his life hell, the man who had torn his world apart  and Ion unleashed all of his madness. All of his pain. He had killed Rox with his bare hands   And the moment was one he would never forget, ever. For the first time in his life, he felt a savage, untamed joy like no other. It seemed to ignite his world his world. Revenge.

Join us, Vonayz told Ion after the incident. You know this is where you belong. You can feel it.

Ion felt a growing tug of madness pull at him. A tug of fury and revenge  But suddenly, two faces flashed before him, obliterating the hatred and anger instantly 

Marion and Selia would not have wanted this 

But when he remembered his two foster parents, his insides twisted painfully  for another question arose: what had become of them, after all these years?

He wished he hadnt found the answer

 
He stood in front of their graves in the village, feeling a storm of rage like no other. They had died of grief, the other villagers had claimed. Eols gravestone was perched beside his parents. An empty gravestone. Eol had died as well in the Naxim station they had taken him to  but his mutilated body hadnt even been recovered!

When Ion had heard that, he had felt as though an invisible fist and clenched upon his insides 

And it was all his fault. It was all Ions fault that they were gone. The three of them were gone. Forever. 

It was all over  all over. 

With his world brought to ashes, he sank to his knees before their graves. Anguish and sorrow crashed over him. 

But then, something arose from within him. Something mightier than even the sorrow. And it erupted with the force of a thousand volcanic explosions compressed as one  

Rage. 

Rage against fate for what it had done to him, to Eol, and his family. Rage against this world. Against the people, and against everything.

It consumed his being. 

And it was then that everything, all the values and principles and ideals which his foster parents had bred and brought him up with died  and joined his foster parents.

 And Ion made up his mind, as to how he would now proceed with this lunatic meandering called life.


He stood in front of Vonayz and the other kids around his age. His world teetered at the brink of madness. There was nothing left for him. He felt his veins pulsate with anger and hatred like nothing his entire life  and the feeling of gaining revenge, which he had experienced earlier as he strangled Rox  it was sooo sweet. It was the only solace to his pain. It was the only antidote. It was all that was left for him. Revenge against the world which had done this to him.

Ok. he whispered, as Vonayz stood before him, his arm stretched out in a gesture of friendship. Ive come back  to say, I wanna join you.

A smile slit the boys face, as Ion shook his hand. 

Youre a mystic  but fully, yet. said Vonayz, his eyes running up and down him. 

What do you mean? asked Ion.

The first thing you need  is a sword. replied Vonayz. A mystic sword, made of Kostron. Well get one  and then well train you. His smile lengthened. Well show you to tap into these powers, and use them  and to make life hell for others using them. 

And get well paid for It. added another kid behind Vonayz, one of the other bounty hunter kids. We get to hunt down, torture and kill normal people. People who hate us. And get paid for it. His sneer spread longer upon his young, radiant face. Is that a smashing deal or what?

Dont you think nobody in the spectrum likes you, Ion. said another of the kids. Therere loads of people out there who just love us. Mafias. Crime lords. Terrorists. People who need us and our powers to do their dirty work. Oh believe me  they cant get enough of us.

This, said Vonayz, smiling nastily. is where you truly belong, Ion. join us  and you know you wont regret being born a mystic.

And so, Ion joined them. Vonayz was a year or two older than him, but he had been well trained. For some reason, he never delved into where or how he had been so well trained, or where he had received his great mystic powers from, but Ion didnt need to know. As long as he learned them, too. Vonayz coached Ion, trained him in the disciplines of the mind and the art of thoughts, and how the powers within them had long slumbered  and Ion unleashed all the power churning within him. Including the anger. The hatred. The bitterness. The dark recesses of his soul, gathered over the past few years came gushing to the surface, and acting like a propellant for his minds abilities  Ions powers grew exponentially, fuelled by the raw force of his anger and hatred 

His anger drove his mind to a great sharpness. Made him far stronger. And before they knew it, Ion was just as strong a mystic as Vonayz himself was. The two of them enjoyed sparring and duelling with each other in playful means, to keep their skills sharp. They had grown to become a sort of role model figure duo for the others of the team. And most of all, they had become the thickest of friends. Ion could never forget the boy who had saved him from that hell. And his friendship with Vonayz grew into a powerful bond over the years


3

The present


Through the window, the gigantic expanse of black glinted with specks of starlight. Qyro was gazing out of it steadily, leaving a prolonged silence to fill the air between him and Ion  since Ion had finished with the story. 

It had been two years. 

Two years since Ion had had a good nights sleep. Two years since his world had known an ounce of peace. 

The anger. The guilt. The grief. They had all been raging within him for two years now, since the end of his earlier life. The life of an assassin. 

Ion would have given anything at all to have his past scored out of his memory. But not even his entire past  just that one memory. 

The memory at the end of his life as an assassin  and the memory that ended his life as an assassin. 

Slowly, as if finding it painful to, Qyro turned and met Ions eyes.

Well, said Ion, his tone just as casual as always. Are you gonna turn me in?

Qyros face was blank for a few long seconds. 

I doubt I can overpower you. he said finally. But even otherwise, I couldnt bring myself to it.

Why? asked Ion.

Qyro turned back, frowning in thought. A few seconds of silence passed as he looked out the window again. When he turned to Ion, there was something gentle in his expression. 

I dont think you deserve it  the punishment that others might shun you with. He shook his head. And you arent what you were two years back. That side of yous gone. There is definitely no justifying whatever you did in your past  but the past remains past. Now, your actions are a part of something greater. Something good. He dug his hand through the thick furcoat, and produced the crystal piece that Ion had helped retrieve. Now, youre one of us. The good guys. He smiled and added, And also because you just saved my life.

Ion folded his arms, staring at the seat in front. See the thing is, if Id turned myself in, it wouldnt have been punishment at all. He took a deep breath. If Id turned myself in and been executed, it wouldnt have been a punishment. It would have been relief.

He turned and looked at the Redling, his tone now growing rough. The punishment  is what I face now. And Ive been facing it for two years now. And its too hard to live through it. Believe me, I would have welcomed, and preferred death itself  and I did.

Ion paused and gave himself a moment to gaze out the window, at the specks of crystal dots spread over the black abyss. He slumped against his seat, the back of his head hitting the cushion at the top of the seat. 

Imagine living with the knowledge that you killed your own parents. That you killed what they stood for, and what they raised you with. He turned and faced Qyro again. That was the punishment. I face it every moment.

I killed my parents  I killed my parents and my brother.

I faced the punishment for it all. he said, feeling the bitterness in his own tone. I went on. And it was brutal. It was the hardest thing alive, that I could have ever done. But I somehow found the strength to do it. Absently, his hand hovered over to the fang like object tied around his neck. But I wont be able to find it again  because hes gone.

What do you mean? asked Qyro, his tone dipping to a whisper. 

Ion looked at him with a faint smile. My master, his name was Jedius. And after everything, when Id realised the horror of what I was  that was when he found me. And that was my darkest time. But Jedius taught me that there was no escape from what Id done, except to face it and score it out for good. He led me in his noble ways, and made a good person out of a brutal killer. And when he finished, when hed finished training me, I found the strength to do what I needed to through him. I needed to find and bring down every one of the crime organisations and terror organisations that Id hunted and killed for. That was the only way to make a greater good score out the evil, and I knew I had to do it. For months after Jedius had finished training me, I tracked down and took apart every one of the rogue organisations Id worked for. But when I was done, I knew couldnt go on any further. A part of me felt like the murderer within me couldnt be forgiven at all, and that whatever I did, there was no way to amend those things Id done. He drew in a deep breath. I almost felt like I wanted revenge against what Id been earlier on. The anger was unforgiving. And it prevented me from doing anything at all in this world, because I felt like there was a world within him I needed to tackle first. A world of pain, guilt and regret. That came from my past.

He turned and looked at Qyro, who was listening intently. 

In fact, he continued. I turned down Mantra and the other Nyon when they approached me for help  because of that. Because I couldnt think of facing or doing anything in the world outside, without first facing my own self, and getting rid of my ugly past. The anger didnt let me move on and do what I knew I had to do. He could feel the pain in his own voice. It was all locked inside of me. And I wanted to get rid of it all.

He remembered Jediuss advice to him from earlier on:

I know you have much anger and guilt. And that what you are doing now, is trying to vanquish them. But you have to learn to bear them and do what must be done. You are struggling with the past, Ion. And as an effect, you are compromising on the present. You need to forget whatever happened, and move on.

He looked away, blinking away tears. The memory of Jedius passing on, and leaving him with the mission he had lived for  Ion knew this wasnt going to be easy. He just wished he could have his masters words to console and guide him all through.

Ion turned to find Qyros gaze lingering over him. But even after learning this dark secret of his, there was no anger or disgust in Qyros face. If anything, there was softness and pity  He almost seemed moved. But Ion knew that this was only because he had heard the whole story  upto the end. 

We all come with our pasts, Ion. sometimes, dark ones. Qyro sighed and looked out window. The only solution to a dark past is in moving past it. Because whats done is done. And only if we move past them, can we learn from them.

The two of them sank into a short silence, in which Ion looked about the cruiser around him. Most of the seats were empty, and the chatter in the hall was almost negligible. A strangely gloomy air seemed to have settled over the world.

When Mantra and the other masters met you, Qyro said, turning to look at Ion. did they tell you what exactly was going on? And why he wanted you to get to the most dangerous planet to get hold of this piece of scrap? He ended by holding the crystal out before Ion. Whatever in the world it is.

Ion frowned, recalling the conversation. 

They didnt tell me much, but I do remember something of what they told me. Ion felt his voice darken. They told me the Xeni were back. And that the Nyon needed to stop them before they finished what Redgarn started eight millennia back.

He looked at Qyro, whose jaw had dropped wide open. 

The Xeni? the Redling gasped.

Youve heard of them, I presume? asked Ion.

What! Of course I have. The whole world has! But they were supposed to be dead. The Nyon took care of them eight millennia back, didnt they?

Apparently not as well they should have. said Ion. theyve been in hiding ever since, waiting to grow stronger before the time to strike back  I guess that times here.

Qyro looked out the window, thinking for a few seconds. You know  Vestra and I heard rumours of some strange terrorist attack just earlier on

That must be them, then. confirmed Ion.  

Qyro looked at the crystal piece, his brow sinking lower in a frown. But what does this have to do with anything? 

I wish just as much as you, that I knew. chuckled Ion. But they didnt tell me anything more. Lets hope they do when we get back.

Qyro continued to stare at the crystal shard, as though by holding it in his glare, it would reveal all of its secrets. With a sigh, he stuffed it back into his pocket under his thick furcoat. 

Tell me how it is. 

Qyro looked at Ion, an eyebrow raised. How what is?

Ion looked out the window by the wall beside him. Life with the Nyon.

Qyro gave the question a moments thought. Then, he gave Ion a strange smile. 

Its life as its meant to be. he said. At least for me, it is. He sighed, turning to gaze out the window again. Nobody said life was meant to be easy  or a bed of roses.

Nobody should expect it to. said Ion. the true measure of a mans life isnt in the amount of happiness he finds  but quite the opposite. The amount of pain he endures.

Qyro nodded, sagging on his seat and folding his arms. 

Theres much suffering in our world, the world of the Nyon. he told Ion. but I wouldnt presume to know even a fragment of it. I wouldnt presume to have seen a fraction of what some of the older masters saw and went through, in their time with the brotherhood.

How come?

I just joined less than two years back. answered Qyro. I was a stay mystic all along, before I joined them. A dark look crossed his face, and Ion knew that he was drifting through those memories, memories of his life as a stray mystic earlier on. It wasnt easy, living as I did back then. I had known other stray mystics  and I was a part of the world that the mystic evading prosecution knew. I saw all of the suffering, apart from my own. And the question that hit me when I spent those years, hiding and fleeing, was this: was this all my life was going to come to? He gave a shake of his head. No  I wanted to be a part of something greater. And even if it meant compromising safety, and taking the world full on  taking the most dangerous route there was, that was what I yearned for my life to come to at the end. Something that made meaning. And a greater cause. A smile brushed his lips. And as if in answer to that, they found me  Mantra and a few others of the elder council. I remember it like it was yesterday. They told me that this was the most dangerous life there was, far more dangerous than my present life. They said that the life of the Nyon was the one that usually turned out to be shorter than a stray mystics  but when I thought about it, I realised living a shorter life that was more fulfilled was far better than living a longer life spend hiding and running in complete cowardice.

The tone of power and courage he spoke in drew Ions thoughts to another person he could relate such a tone to. 

What about Vestra? he asked. 

Vestra was already a member by the time Id joined. replied Qyro. She was the only student they had, at that time. Usually the Nyon approach mystics that they deem would as good members, and ask them to join their brotherhood. But here, it was the other way around. Vestra approached the brotherhood, asking to join them. Right from the start, our elders praised her courage and strength  She came with her own share of suffering.

He stopped reclining and sat upfront on his seat. 

My point in the end, he said, turning and looking Ion full in the face. Is that youre not as alone as you might think. Weve all given up much to get here. To where we are now.

And the funs just started. said Ion ironically. 

What theyd just been talking about seemed to leave Qyro in thought for a few moments. He then looked at Ion with a slightly confused expression. 

You said that Vestra met you two years back. And that when she returned to the Nyon, they kept an eye on you cause they thought you might be a good candidate to join them. So  she was the one who told them that? She told them you might be a good person for the Nyon to recruit?

Ion slowly turned back, frowning. This hadnt occurred to him earlier. Just an hour back had he learned why the Nyon had been tailgating him for so long now. But at that point, in the heat of the situation, it had slipped his attention. 

Vestra  She was the reason the Nyon had found interest in him. 

Qyro hesitated. Dont get me wrong: youre all right now, and were happy to have you by our side. But back then, you were an assassin He lifted an eyebrow. And she was actually suggesting to the masters, that an assassin be given the chance to join the brotherhood of Nyon?

Ion stared at the seat ahead, slightly perplexed. Now that he was given time to think of it, what he just realised was not only bizarre but also slightly humourous. 

But beneath the humour, the question still lingered 

Two years back, Vestra had gotten the masters interested in him  when he had been a dangerous assassin

Why?

__________


Millions of miles away, a young woman with light brown skin lay seated in another cruiser, watching the stars outside the window by her right as they glided past them. 

Vestra was thrown by the bizarreness of the past few hours. The suddenness of everything that had happened was overwhelming. Everything from where Qyro and her had started on the mission to now felt like a disorientingly slow flash of lightning. 

But it was what happened at the very end of it all, to have the two of them saved, that really startled her. 

Vestra smiled as she recalled it. The boy I met two years back 
	
The stars spread over the vast, black expanse were a beauty to behold above all else, and a tune of melody could be heard silently playing through them. 

At first, Vestra hadnt recognised him. But later on, when he had reminded her of their meeting two years back  of that red haired boy she had saved from the Zelgron, it then hit her with a jolt.

Ion  The name held a firm place in her memory, as did every other aspect of their meeting. She remembered how he had poured out his story to her. The story of how his earlier life had been shattered  torn apart by the brutal side of this world. 

Any other person from an order of peacekeepers would have acted very differently, in her place two years back. In learning that a person was a dangerous assassin, one might have even considered taking the extreme step, and killing him. But Vestra had acted differently. Instead of seeing death and decay in Ions orange eyes, as he poured himself out to her  she saw light. She saw hope. She saw that sometimes, the twists of fate could make a good person forget who he really was. Forget that he was good  and as she sat before Ion that day, listening to him and consoling him, she had the meekest feeling that she was meeting such a good person. A mistaken good person. And her heart reached out for him  she felt sympathy like nothing else. For she believed that the strings of fate had placed a person destined for good, under the shroud of evil 

And she had decided to help him to come out of whatever he was going through, and see the light again. And to find the goodness in him again. She knew that Ion would take the chance she gave him, to return to the shoes of the noble hearted boy that his parents had believed him to be. And so, with that leap of faith, and desiring to help him change, she had told Mantra and the council to keep their trace on Ion, a stray mystic whom she claimed would greatly benefit their side when the time came. And they had believed her. 

And today, two years later  Vestra saw that she had been right. She had been right about that day, when she had decided to place her faith in Ion  and believe that he would return to the side of good again. 

Today, she saw that her faith in him had paid of. She saw that with the force of forgiveness and love, she truly could help change a persons destiny.
	
She was inwardly thankful that she had 


4




The poshly carved room boded not a whisker of beauty all of a sudden. Everything in it seemed dry, lifeless  shocking.

It doesnt make sense. said Evander, frowning. 

The men and he were standing inside of the lavish apartment that was Naxim officer Derigors home. Evander was standing with two other members of the high council on either side of him. A small group of Rash-cons belonging to the Naxim, and a group of men from the local authorities were moving about the flat, all of them engrossed in the investigation of the sudden vanishing of Derigor. Every face in the room mirrored the same confusion. 

When he had tried contacting Derigor on his z-com, he hadnt answered. Repeatedly not answered. 

Sensing that something was not right, Evander had arrived at Derigors flat a few minutes ago, wanting to check what this was which was keeping him so busy over the past hour or so. But when he had arrived here, the flat was empty. But Derigors hover car was here. It was almost as though Derigor arrived in his apartment in his hover car, walked into his house, and then disappeared into thin air! There was not a trace of where he had gone, where he now was. His suspicions now realised, Evander concluded that something was definitely not right  and the authorities were now here to find out what that was.

Two of the police officers sidled up beside Evander. 

Sir, we think theres one possibility. one of them announced.

But it isnt very pleasant. said the other.

What? asked Evander. 

Hes been kidnapped.

Evander twisted around to look at one of the men standing beside him, and then at the other. Both of the other high council members showed little reaction at this. Almost as if theyd been expecting this. 

Isnt there anyway we can find out what happened here? asked Evander, feeling a new urgency weigh upon his voice. To know for sure?

Wait a second, ventured one of the other high council members standing beside Evander. This flats gotta have a security surveillance, right?

Evander hadnt thought of that. A flame of hope kindled within him. It should! He nodded, turning to the police officers. Check the security recording.

They walked over to the large desk at the centre of the hall. As they tapped a button on the table, a holographic screen rose over the air above it. They made it replay the events of the past few hours slowly, from the beginning  and when it reached the end and had finished showing everything, a speechless, ringing silence was left in the room. 


Evander found it slightly difficult to find his voice again, and break the stunned silence. 

It was him he said in a whisper, looking around the room at the other two high council members and the policemen. It was the one who had blown up the cruiser, and attacked the Mech laboratory!

The police officers had no knowledge of this, but the video of the gruesome eyeless creature kidnapping Derigor was enough to stun them senseless. 

The video had showed the pale faced, eyeless man slipping into the room hours back, and waiting  And when Derigor had arrived, the madman had knocked him out, taken his body and had coolly walked off.

Evander fought back the choking sensation slowly building within him. This cant be!

Feeling everything spin around him, He reached for a chair nearby and sunk to it. 

As the speechless silence descended over the room again, a voice of one of the police officers, suddenly alive with excitement, called:

Master Evander, theres something amazing weve got here!

Evander, along with everyone else in the room, turned to look at the officer at the far end of the room. He was stooped over something on the floor that he was blocking from view. Turning around with a beaming smile, he announced: Whoever that lunatic was, he sure is going to regret coming here and attacking Derigor.

Feeling a spark of curious thrill, Evander rose and walked towards the man, as did the rest of the people in the room.

Whys that? asked one of them.

The man scooped up whatever he had been bent over, and waved it before them. 

It was a z-com.

He left his z-com! exclaimed the man, getting to his feet. The mystic probably dropped it on his way! Now, through this z-com, we can-

Know all his contacts and get far more details through it! finished Evander, whose panic had been instantly replaced by delight and excitement.

The man hurried forward and handed the mystics z-com to Evander. Feeling all else erased from sight, Evander pressed a button on the z-com. A holo screen leaped out over the air above it.

Evander frowned, reading the words displayed on the screen  The holographic screen hovering over the mystics z-com had the words:

GENTLEMEN, THIS IS HOW HOT IT GETS IN HELL.

The rest of the crowd gathered behind him had fallen to a puzzled silence.

What does that -

Before the policeman could finish the sentence, the bomb that Zardin had implanted in this room went off  the entire structure was ripped apart by a bellowing blast of orange. The fire raced outwards, tearing through the walls, floor, ceiling, frying everything in its way  And the entire place was left in flaming smithereens. 


5



The Nyon Temple, Farnor

Mantra had been sitting here, staring out the window in front, for an hour or more now. For the first time in so long, he was unable to get a grasp over himself, to find composure in the speedy thoughtflow running through him.
 
The room door opened behind him, and two pairs of feet could be heard striding in. 

Weve just heard from them, said Galinor, standing behind him. From Qyro, Vestra and Ion. both their cruisers had reached their respective planets some time ago. Theyve now re united and reached the outer spectrum, the planet Otawna.

Mantra felt himself ease slightly as he heard it. 

Good. he said, nodding. That means theyre in safe waters now. Off Naxim territory.

Dantox walked up to before Mantra, his hands tucked within the folds of his sleeves. 

They would be reaching here in less than half an hour, now. he informed Mantra. With the crystal safe with them.

Excellent. Mantra slowly rose, turning to face the two of them. Phase one is complete: weve procured the crystal. Now for phase two. He looked from Galinor to Dantox. What do we do with it, now?

The two of them exchanged a quick glance. 

Mantra stroked his chin, thinking. 

I think, he said slowly. That we should have it taken to Nalzes. Hell do what needs to be done with it.

Nalzes? asked Dantox, giving a moments thought. The priest who lives in Velrox?

Mantra nodded. A mystic priest. And a very old acquaintance of mine. If we take the crystal to him, all problems would be solved. He turned and looked out the window again, mapping out the entire plan in his mind. And this would be the best course of action, because close to where he lives, we have a mystical tablet. A tablet that Im familiar with. And no ordinary one at that. Nalzes is well versed in the spells of eld. He can do what needs to be done with the help of the mystical tablet, and the problem posed by the crystal would be solved. Forever.

Dantoxs brow sank in a thoughtful frown. He walked before the window at the end of the room. 

Mantra, in the end, our purpose is just to keep the crystal safe, to keep it off the reach of undesirable forces, isnt it? he asked, looking out the window

It is. said Mantra. 

Dantox turned slowly and faced him again. The Nyon temple, if you ask me, is the safest place for the crystal to be right now. In the entire spectrum. The crystal would be perfectly safe here. Were taking a rather unnecessary risk by plunging into another voyage across the spectrum with the crystal to get it to Nalzes when weve had a tough time getting it in the first place. Wouldnt you agree? He looked between Mantra and Galinor.

Galinor, who appeared to have been thinking on the same lines, nodded. Acquiring the crystal was not easy. And the three of them faced a huge risk in the journey to reach here safely with it. After all of it, do we need to face another risky endeavour? because as were well aware, Velrox is on the other side of spectrum, and getting the crystal there safely would be a dangerous mission of its own. And what with the Naxim now tightening their hold over the entire spectrum  in the light of the recent terrorist attacks. He gave a firm shake of his head. I really wouldnt think its advisable.

Mantra assimilated the situation, allowing himself a few seconds of silence. He knew that taking the crystal to the priest, Nalzes, would be the best of all options  but as the two of them rightly pointed out, Nalzes lived secluded in a distant planet. And reaching him with the crystal would take a reasonably long voyage. One where many things could go wrong in between. And what was the point, when the Nyon temple provided the safest haven for the crystal?

Well save this for later on. he thought. At a time where it would be safer for us to make such a voyage. When the Naxims current rigid protocols have loosened slightly. As of now, undertaking such a mission may end up compromising everything wed struggled for in the past few hours.

All right. he said, nodding. 

Galinor drew his z-com, checking the time. 

Theyll be here soon now. he informed the two of them as he pocketed the device. 

And when they do  we have a lot to brief them on. said Mantra. Because after what theyve done, they have a right to know of course.

__________


We know our way down here, cause weve been along a hundred times now. Qyro told Ion, who was walking along with the two others as they made their way down the thick green forest. 

Ion felt lost as he looked about him, at the trees and greenery drenching the place all around. It was hard to believe that anybody could find their way down this wild forest. Do you? Thats gotta be an achievement.

If you stay long enough with us, you will too. said Vestra. Its actually not all trees and grass once youre familiarised with it.

Both of their cruisers had landed at two different planets. And from there, after contacting each other, they had taken another round of public transport to a planet closeby in the outer spectrum. After re uniting there, they had made this final space jump here. To the forest planet Farnor, where the Nyon were hiding. This was a planet cut off from all public transport routes, making it even more secluded than most the planets in the outer spectrum. The three of them had hired a random hover car taxi driver, whom they had payed to take them through this short space jump to this planet. Having arrived here, they were now making their way to the temple, led by Vestra and Qyro. 

They were walking for almost ten minutes now, and Ion was relieved to be rid of those thick furcoats which theyd been forced to wear as mild shields to their mystical energy auras. 

When the Nyon arrived here, they placed a load of mystical spells as shields to the planet. Qyro explained, as they walked on. These shields are meant to capture the aura of non mystics, in case any of them came near here. The mastersll be alerted immediately.

Is this anti Naxim security? asked Ion. 

Of course it is. answered Vestra. We cant get enough of those, can we?

Wait Ion said slowly. Did you just say, when the Nyon arrived here?

The brotherhoods had to re locate about a hundred times since the past eight thousand years. illuminated Vestra. Either because of being discovered, or for fear of it. But the Naxims still hot on the hunt for us. She sighed. Were lucky to have made it this far, as a matter of fact.

The temple that youre about to see is a structure thats endured for eight thousand years. said Qyro with a silent awe in his tone.

Ion gaped at him. Thats impossible.

We thought so too. said Qyro. 

But it isnt. Vestra shook her head. The Nyon temple was made more than eight thousand years back by the founders of our brotherhood. And they rose the building and sealed it with mystical spells that gave it an untarnishable built like nothing seen before.

Yup, said Qyro, pushing away a tree bark that stuck out before him as he walked on. The Nyon temple has stood for eight thousand years.

But you said they re located a hundred times. pointed out Ion. so every time they moved  they took the temple with them? Like some kind of moveable trailer? 

The temple is a non grounded structure. said Vestra.

Non grounded? asked Ion, bending to avoid a branch twisting out from a thick, large tree by his right. 

The building can be detached from the floor of the earth and taken elsewhere. clarified Vestra. The masters move the structure with spells that the original, olden members of the brotherhood knew of.

But the olden members were here eight thousand years ago -

Were almost there, now. cut across Qyro, pointing to a large clearing in the middle of the vast green field. Ion peered into the end of the canopy they were heading towards, into the clearing.

It was empty. 

Where is it? 

Itll be there, dont worry. said Qyro enigmatically. 

Ion stared at him. He turned back, trying to spot something he couldnt see clearly from here. A large, glistening lake stood somewhere at the centre of the enormous clearing. Its flawless surface shimmered in the light from the mid day sun. 

As they approached the clearing, as if forming out of an invisible haze, Ion saw it

The temples outline slowly carved itself out of thin air, exactly opposite to the way a mirage would dissolve into thin air as one approached it. 

The building had been there all along, but only after walking closer could they see it, apparently. 

As we said, Vestra turned to Ion with a smile. we cant get enough anti Naxim security.

So  it reveals itself only when you walked close enough? asked Ion, looking between the two of them. 

Provided youre a mystic. replied Qyro. It stays invisible to non mystic eyes. Its a spell that the masters placed, like all others.

And a bloody good one at that. thought Ion, inwardly dazed as he looked at the giant building that had slowly appeared out of nowhere. The two of them stopped at the front of the large clearing, gazing at the giant structure for a quiet moment. It was a large, majestic structure that rose to about the height of five storeys, spreading over an elegant area. Windows large and tall could be seen spread all across its polished, concrete surface. It was separated from them by the distance of the lake that came between them. 

The lakes surface was undisturbed, so serene that not a ripple crossed it. Ion let his stare linger on the glistening water surface for a few moments. And then, he followed the other two as they made their way around the lake. 

 
Ion couldnt help experiencing a tingle of awe as the three of them together entered the temple and strode down its corridors. The entire place carried a sense of unblemished grandeur. The walls, floor and ceiling together came with a smoothness, a polished shine that was almost mesmerising. 

The gleam of elegance reflected all through the place had withstood for eight thousand years. Ion remembered the mystical spells that the other two had told him of which were meant to keep the structures build untarnished. He realised that these spells probably extended to keep up the buildings lavish outer display as well. But despite its poshness and grandeur, the atmosphere was strangely vacuum  An air of empty soullessness could be felt haunting the gigantic, palace like structure. 

As they walked down the long, majestically laid corridors, they walked past only a handful of cloaked figures who were seen lingering about the place. Some of them were strolling down in packs of two or three. They would smile or nod at Vestra and Qyro as they walked past, evidently being familiar with the brotherhoods only two students. Most of them were elderly or middle aged, with only a very scarce few looking to be younger than thirty. But Ion couldnt help feeling intrigued at the strangely empty feeling that the structure carried  The number of people he saw as he walked down it seemed shrunken for such an enormous and majestic place. The life here was too less for such a large place.

Where is everyone? he asked, looking round at the two of them. I dont see a lot of people around.

Thats because these are all the Nyon there are here, Ion. said Vestra, with a sad smile. 

The temple, when built eight millennia back, was probably hosting a far larger and stronger number of Nyon. said Qyro. But not anymore. Now were just a fragment of what wed been when it had actually been built.

Since the brotherhood went into hiding, and the Naxim begun its onslaught against mystics, weve been brought down to a very pathetic state. Vestra said. Our numbers have plummeted, and there arent a lot of mystics in the first place, let alone mystics to join us.

Right now, the Nyon has a grand total of 83 members. said Qyro. Excluding the three of us, who havent been given full fledged status yet. But this itself is quite something to ask for  some of us are surprised we havent faded from lack of initiates.

And were right to be. said Vestra. Soon, there will be no one left for the Nyon to find and get to join us.

And having another new members almost an achievement. Qyro turned to Ion with a grin. The elder councils sure to be delighted to see you.

Ion looked down the corridor they were now in, spotting only one lonesome Nyon approaching from the other side. Where are they, the elder council?

Theyll be in their room, waiting for us. replied Vestra. Thats where were heading now.

For a minute or so, they strode down the long corridor. Daylight flowed in through large windows hanging by the right wall. Vestra and Qyro drew to a stop before a wooden door by the wall on their left.

Before they could do anything, the door swerved open by its own self, with no one visibly opening it. The three of them entered a mediocre room with a large rectangular window across the wall. A semi circular spread of seats lay by the other end. Twelve seats, with a cloaked figure sitting on each. Except for the one at the centre.

Standing ahead of the ring of seats stood a short elderly man with clear white eyes. Mantras gaze slowly moved across the three of them, and he nodded.
 
Well done, indeed. His gaze focussed on Ion, and a faint smile flitted across his lips. And we can see someones come around.

He saved our lives. Vestra told Mantra. 

Yes, I thought he would have. responded Mantra.

Ion recognised two other masters whom he had met earlier on, Dantox and Galinor. Galinor was beaming widely at him. Dantox shook his head and said, We owe you much, young one. And your change of mind is one our entire world is grateful for.

Qyro removed the small crystal piece from his pocket, holding it out before him. All eyes in the room instantly focussed upon it. As the crystal robbed all attention, Ion could feel something shift in the atmosphere.

Heres the dear item that almost cost our necks. Qyro said, tossing it across the room to Mantra, who caught it with one hand. The elderly master held the crystal before him, giving a moments intense stare at it. 

Good, now put it somewhere safe. advised Galinor, frowning at the crystal held in Mantras hand. Real safe.

Mantra continued to look at the crystal deeply, before tucking it away into his robe pocket. Thats just as safe as itll get.

Did you encounter any hindrance along the way? asked one of the masters, sitting by the right of Mantras empty seat. He was a species Ion didnt know of, with a horn emerging from the bottom of his chin, and glistening, silver coloured hair. 

We were lucky enough not to. answered Qyro.

The masters looked both surprised and relieved. 

That really must have cost a great deal of luck. said one of them, a thin Iveling at the corner of the ring of seats.

What do you mean? asked Qyro. 

We followed the plan exactly as Mantra told us, said Vestra, frowning. And things went smooth enough  why shouldnt they have?

Because the Naxims tightened its security protocols all over the spectrum, said another of the masters who sat cross legged, frowning. At the present climate your journey from the inner spectrum to here could have had a hundred things that went wrong.

And seeing as they didnt, said Mantra. We truly are lucky. We didnt inform you the true graveness of the situation. And exactly how disastrous this adventure could have turned out if not for the inexplicable stroke of luck that delivered us victory.

Whats going on exactly? asked Vestra, her tone now impatient. 

There have been two terrorist attacks. explained the silver haired master. Large scale ones.

And they both happened in the span of a few horrific hours. added Mantra. And the culprits were the very same.

Large scale terrorist attacks? she squealed, her eyes frozen over Mantra. Well, do they have any idea whos behind it?

A dark smile eclipsed Mantras face. No. theyve no idea about the culprits  except for the one fact that they were mystics.

Mystics? hissed Vestra, the alarm on her face rising. 

And no ordinary ones at that. said Dantox.

We believe, Galinor paused to heave a deep breath, before re arranging his face into a composed look. that this is the return of our long dreaded enemy order.

Our ancient enemy order. said Mantra. The Xeni are the ones responsible for the series of mayhem loosened events occurring of late.

Qyro, with whom Ion had shared this, exchanged a knowing glance with Ion, while Vestra, who had no clue of this, looked positively agog at what she had just heard.
 
 Xeni? she breathed, her eyes as wide as apples. But  theyre gone!

A sad smile rose to Mantras lips. We were lucky enough not to fool ourselves with such fanciful delusions. The Xeni hadnt completely gone, He shook his head. They had merely vanished from the known face of the world. They were waiting to build themselves for the right time to re surface and seize the victory that they had fought for eight millennia back.

And they will, said Galinor darkly. If we dont stop them. Because were all that stands in their way. Their oldest and most hated foes.

Thats all fabulous, snapped Qyro, stepping forward. but none of it makes sense to us. Can we know what that thing is? He pointed to Mantras pocket, where the crystal lay. What was the point of this entire lifethreatening adventure that we undertook to get hold of it? Whats it got to do with stopping the Xeni for heavenss sake?

The silence in the air around them lingered for a few seconds, and then Mantra heaved a slow, deep breath. 

Follow me.

 
Together, Mantra, Ion, Qyro and Vestra slowly walked down the corridors. Mantra strode in front of the three of them, leading them through the giant structure. The other Nyon whom they rarely passed down the corridors would bow as they saw Mantra approaching, and Mantra would smile or nod back. He led them up a flight of stairs, large and polished like the rest of the structure. They followed him in silence, the three of them sharing the slightly wondrous atmosphere. And before they knew it, they had reached the topmost floor, and were now mounting the last floor, to the temples terrace. 

It was a giant expanse, as large as any buildings terrace, with vehicles and ships parked at random spots around it. 

Mantra stood before the three of them, and a gentle breeze left his robes fluttering slightly. The forests spreading beyond the temple were wild and unkempt. Like waves of ruffled green frozen on the land. The sun hung far overhead, in the middle of the cloudy blue sky. 

Err, master, began Qyro, sounding hesitant. Exactly what are we here for?

Mantra turned slowly, bringing his white eyes over the three of them. To take a small journey.

They swapped a confused glance.

Journey? asked Ion.

To where? asked Vestra. 

Mantra smiled, something seeming to sparkle within his calm white eyes. To a place far, far away

He slowly walked forward, passing the three of them so that they turned, watching him as he trotted a few feet before them. 

A place far away  but closer than we think. A strange trace of longing could be felt through Mantras voice, which now emerged with a deeper, more powerful emotion. A journey through time

The three of them stood before him, fixed in the mesmerizing intensity of his gaze.

The three of you are our youngest, and also our most important as of now. he said softly. The time has come for me to tell you  everything. The entire story that has now placed us in the position were now in. the story of how, why and what  the story this current world of chaos and division. The only faint sound heard other than his voice was the gentle rustling of the wind. 

Im going to tell you the story, Mantras elderly face was kindled with a trace of light as he smiled. of the great empire of Sirengard. The story of how everything came to be  and not to be.

Weve heard this, master. said Qyro. The story of Sirengard  and the Nyon, and the Xeni who came after them.

Mantra held Qyros gaze for a silent moment, before shaking his head.

No, Qyro. What you heard is not even a small portion of everything, what you heard is nothing. Mantras eyes moved across the three of them, and he then gave a painful smile. You see, the Xeni did not come after the Nyon. The Xeni came because of the Nyon.

Ion needed a moment or two to struggle with what he had heard, before the blast of shock came. 

What? Qyro and Vestra gasped together.  

Mantra took the space of three seconds to fill his lungs in a deep, chest heaving breath.

My dear disciples, listen closely. For I am now going to retell a tale that has haunted our world for eight millennia now.

__________


All along, Pavio had been fighting down his squirming fear, as he looked into those empty eye sockets. With nothing but an endless dark pit lying behind both of them. 

 and they took the crystal. he concluded his account slowly. 

Zardins black eyesockets hadnt moved an inch off Pavios face the whole time  almost as though he could see exactly where Pavio stood, despite having no eyes.

They took the crystal. he repeated in the soft, sharp hiss he had for a voice. 

Some of the other rebels standing about the large room shifted as that sound filled the room. 

Behind Zardin, standing spread out over the room were a group of men in black cloaks, most of them hooded. They were all watching silently as their leader stood in front of Pavio, listening to what had happened.

In a more appropriate version, said Zardin, his eyeless dark pits seeming to bore into Pavio from between his curtains of long black hair. You let them take the crystal.

My - my lord, said Pavio, feeling his heart flutter in his ribs. They  they completely took us unawares. There were two of them, we had them captured. But a third one interfered and saved the other two.

Zardin wasnt listening. For the first time since Pavio had been speaking, he moved, turning slowly to face the window behind him. He let one long fingernail stroke his chin gently, his thoughts working over this new development. 

Wheres Razvol?

Dead. came Pavios voice from behind him. They killed him.

For a few seconds, Zardin continued to stroke his chin casually. He then laughed softly. Good for him. He must have had a clean, quick escape. Something youll wish you had as well.

He strode a few steps with his hands behind his back, facing the large window ahead. The rest of the Xeni stood around him. He could feel every pinch of attention in the room pooled on him, from both the fidgeting, white cloaked rebels and the still, black cloaked Xeni.

Zardin let himself mull over what they were now facing. The crystal had definitely been an imperative part of their plan. As a matter of fact, it was the most important part of their plan, and losing it from their hold certainly was a slight cause of annoyance for them. But Zardin knew that it wasnt going to put a stall in whatever they were now moving towards. Their present goal. And abducting Derigor had been the final thing that was needed for it.

Finally, through the complete silence, Pavio stepped forward behind him and asked in a hesitant voice, if I may ask, my lord  exactly what is this crystal? And exactly how important was it?

As he finished, a stiff silence came upon the room.

Zardin flicked back a file of his long black hair falling before his face.

What indeed he whispered.

He slowly turned to face Pavio. The crystal was of the utmost importance for us Xeni. Its value is beyond imagination.

He turned to the bunch of black cloaked men on the right. But nevertheless, this loss is to be dealt with later, Xeni. We will now focus and continue on the goal that we set foot on. We will take care of this  later.

The cloaked figures moved as one, bowing in response.

Continuing to scratch his chin, Zardin let his thoughts float into a daydream  He was thinking about exactly how powerful the object they had just lost was. He was thinking about how the crystal had come about, and the circumstances surrounding it when it had come about. And that was when he was recalling the tale  the tale of eight thousand years back. The entire story that defined their current struggle, and would continue to define it. 

The tale of the Nyon. The tale of the Xeni. And how both were interlinked  and always would be.

__________


It all started at the dawn of our world  the dawn of the age of man. Mantras voice was laced with the faintest thread of sadness. Before the Xenis evil empire rose, our world was elevated to the heights of peace and stability, guarded by an establishment that surpassed the nobility of all that were ever known. It was known commonly as Sirengard, although some also knew it  as the empire of Elderon.
	
Ion felt himself drawn back across the corridors of time, to an era far, far away  far off their reach. As Mantra spoke, he felt his mind zoom over visions of an age that held its place in the revered memory of the good. 

It was called so, because of the beauty of the age over which it stood. went on Mantra. And because of the unshaken ideals of justice and peace that the great empire stood for. And also because, He smiled. It was truly believed to be the empire of Elderon. An empire borne out the force of goodness himself. The ancient empire sealed an era of great harmony over the peoples of the world. The spectrum enjoyed prosperity and peace like no other age, and mankind reached the pinnacle in the great purpose it held in creation. Sirengard was ruled by a great Kingship - a great Kingship that was said to be borne of the blood of Elderon himself, for the wisdom and goodness they stood for. The Kings of the empire came by blood, and their bloodline stood guard over the greatness that their empire had wrought. Mystics were idols of great respect, for it was a time of clarity and understanding, and in this clarity, the world understood that these great beings were just men who bode a supreme command over their own mind, and through it, the vast reserve of inner powers that lay slumbering within every man, but tapped by very few. And under their guidance, the guidance of mystics, the world was a temple of goodness and harmony. It was at the dawn of this age, when the ancient empire came, that the Brotherhood of Nyon was founded

Ion wondered if it was just his mind playing tricks, but as he looked into Mantras eyes as he spoke, he saw his surroundings blur  He looked to Qyro and Vestra, who were both there just as solid as he was. But everything else around the three of them seemed to turn groggy, swimming into a haze.

What the breathed Qyro. 

But as the three of them stood in the middle of the spinning blur, before them, swirling into existence, came a scene as starkly clear as reality itself  an image woven off Mantras words themselves, throbbing with the emotions of his voice

A great, elegant structure, a building with a mortarly craft that seemed to transcend any known one. It was the same structure he was now standing amidst. But the Nyon temple seemed to be erected brand anew. The radiance of the temple seemed to shine out from within its mortarly craft. And the scene zoomed into the walls of the structure. And there, sitting in a circle in the very same room Ion had sat in a few minutes ago, were a dozen men. 

They werent all old as the masters of the present day temple were. Some of them looked to be in the prime of their youth. Some of them were slightly older. But together, all of them seemed filled the room with a warm, lively glow. All of them had closed eyes, and were seated with their postures stiff in meditation. They were all adorned in Nyon robes, with a long, black cape clasped around their necks. 

Ion saw the scene move around the three of them, as though they were the focus of a camera shifting inside of the room  and they was staring at the face of the man in the centre. A tall, thin Elfling, the man had a moustache ending with a slight curve. His sharp Elfling eyes held the meanest sliver of a gap as he meditated. The man seemed to take half an eternity as he slowly inhaled: the space in his lungs looked to be unbounded, growing as more air flowed in

The three of them watched as he continued in meditation with his eyes semi closed, breathing with a methodical, rhythmic slowness. 

Then Mantras voice reached the world they now stood in as a mildly resounding boom, an echo reaching him across eight thousand years: The greatest mystic to ever tread our world, master Engranus conceived and laid the stones of foundation for an brotherhood of mystics that stands upto today  the Nyon, a brotherhood of mystics devoting their lives to preserving the harmony and peace within mankind.

The minute gap in Engranuss eyes widened steadily, and Ion found himself looking into a set of brilliant, blue eyes as clear as the sky itself. And sparkling with a beauty unobtainable from anywhere around.

Thats him. whispered Vestra. The founder of our brotherhood.

Engranuss clear blue eyes bore a depth uncontained, seeming to churn with a power like no other. But also bearing a vast pool of tenderness and compassion. The lives of billions seemed to reflect off his clear oceanic eyes. The lives of the billions for whom he lived
 
Mantras echo like voice came over the scene:

The Nyon were initially founded as servants of the great Kings, and the upholders of justice in the empire of Sirengard. They existed for the sole purpose of serving the great empire, as watchkeepers of the peace. But they were, in the essence of their existence, more than that. Much more. They were the soul of the empire  the soul of our world.

Ion felt transfixed as he continued to gaze into those clear blue eyes. Eyes of humanity and love.

They were embodiments of the goodness that nurtured and kept together this realm. said Mantra. They were symbols of harmony and good. And so  they made their place in the great empire as the upholders of goodness, and the protectors of the people.

The scenery swirled, and now Ion was looking from over the roof of a giant tower, and sprawling beneath him was a great city  The towerly build of the structures dwarfed any stone structure Ion had seen on this day. The city was filled with large palace like structures made of not metal, but a material as polished and as elegant as any metal, yet bearing a superiority that transcended all known metal. The structures all rose hundreds of metres above the ground, some of them wide and fat, some of them thin, stick like towers. The air over and between the buildings was abuzz with vehicles soaring all over in orderly passages, as though bound by invisible tunnels. 

And there, standing atop the roof of the building he was now over, they stood

Seven Nyon, standing at the edge of the building, their black capes flapping in the wind. They stood in a watchful gaze over the world beneath them. The world which they were the guardians, and keepers of

The ancient members of our brotherhood were the greatest ones as well. came Mantras voice. The finest, and most powerful of the mystics that walked our spectrum. They had powers like no other, which had trickled out of the grasp of the mystic world later on, when their age had died. For beginners, they could sense the stirrings of evil and anarchy elsewhere. They would sense trouble  find evil at its brewing stage itself, and instantly rush to stomp it out

As Ion and the other two watched in awe, the seven Nyon took a step forward as one, and launched themselves off the roof of the building  plunging into action. To save the day in the world below them.

Like the voice over of a movie, Mantras voice played over the scene:

Under the supervised rule of the ancient empire, with the Nyon by their side, the world  was a far, far better place. Man climbed to the highest decor of elevation that awaited him, and the people had found peace both within  and without.

The scene changed, and now, Ion was floating in the middle of a wide, boundless expanse of black. His breath stalled for a second, as he found himself not just looking at the abyss of space, but almost filling it  being one with it. He almost felt as though the expanse around him defined his very entity, the soul of his creation  and he felt as though the massive stretch of their universe was the mass which filled his body. And it was the most scenic, mindblowing feeling ever. And Ion thought he felt a faint tune, a soft yet ringing melody, play in the beauty of the star strewn chasm 

A tune of peace. Of harmony. 

The age of Elderon.

Ion now fully understood what it was  and what it felt.

And Mantras voice came like a distant, faded echo. And now, it was tinged with the first, mildest note of sorrow. A sorrow that seemed slight and contained, yet bearing a depth uncontained.

Some wondered if it was meant to last forever  and in doing so, could they have been more right? For all things must erode. Even the best gifts of goodness, even the most revered of treasures. All things must come to an end. Good or evil. That  was the tragedy of the universe. And so, the era drew to a stop. Here, the tale turns to one of woe and sadness. Grief like nothing else washes through me as I retell the most tragic happening ever  and forcefully listen, myself.

The world swirled, and now, the three of them were standing inside of what looked like a small room, with a group of cloaked men within it. They were standing in the Nyon temple in a circle. One of the men was standing in the centre, moving his hands in an animated display of the words he spoke. He was inaudible to Ion and the other two, who were standing at the back of the room, watching

The Nyon, at the height of their power  became prey to their own carelessness. said Mantras voice. The age of greatness, which they had a hand in carving, had left them with a stroke of arrogance. At this time, the brotherhood became subject to brushes of complacent thinking. The signs of this, signs of a wrongful nature, a slow darkness, stealthily breeding within them, did not go amiss: There were those who warned the Nyon. Mystics of the outside world cautioned the Nyon of the growing ignorance among the younger of their initiates. They confided in the Nyon their fear that the brotherhoods power was causing a very subtle swaying in the ideals it stood for. Especially among the younger, less experienced ones. But at the height of their power, the Nyon had absorbed a pride that dulled their intelligent reasoning. And so, they brushed aside such warnings  and this was the ancient brotherhoods single greatest sin. A sin that would cost the entire world too dearly
	
As the man in the centre of the circle of young Nyon spoke, his voice loudened like a speakers, falling clearly above the air in the room. 

The Nyon do not understand what needs to be done. the man was saying. They never will, and they have allowed misguided ideals hold them back.

One of the others in the circle of young Nyon took a step forward, addressing the man in the centre. 

What are you saying, Redgarn? 

Ion felt his breath seize, and heard the sharpest of gasps escape Vestra from his right. 

Thats  him. came Qyros stunned voice, standing by his left. Redgarn  was a Nyon!

Redgarn, the cloaked man in the centre, was in the prime of his youth. He was tall and thin, and had a powerful, radiant demeanor. His face shone with a promise of greatness and nobility. He belonged to no known species, with no feature of appearance distinguishing him. But his hair was deep brown and tidy, and his features were nourished with a youthful glow. 

I am saying only that which you already know yourselves, my good friends, He carried his eyes slowly over the circle of men, pausing carefully to let his powerful gaze sink into each one of them. I am saying that we have been gifted. We have been given a gift of great enormity  and that we are wasting it.

A slight stirring effect passed the crowd of Nyon. 

Wasting it? asked one of them, tilting his head as he gazed at the one at the centre. 

Yes, replied Redgarn in his continuing smooth, powerful voice. We have been given a gift. A gift of superiority. But we are not utilising it, are we? No, if anything, we are living as inferiors. And significantly enjoying it.

Some of the young men looked at each other, while others held a deadpan stare at Redgarn. Most of their expressions had now transformed from curiosity to disapproval. But some of them continued to look very faintly curious

Tell me honestly, Redgarns voice crept softer. Tell me, brothers, is this really order? Is this really justice? He threw his head back and uttered a rough laugh that lifted the peace in the room. No. this is deception. This is slavery. Slavery that has come about through a blinded delusion. And the enslaved have been held so through this delusion that has covered their eyes, blotting the truth for millennia.

Delusion? growled one of the men, stepping forward. Did you just imply that the great empire is-

I did not imply anything, my fellow brother, said Redgarn, dropping his tone to a pleasant, alluring one as he faced his challenger. I am merely exposing you to reality. I am but an instrument of destiny. And destiny calls for change. For justice  and for truth. And so, today, I make my stand, to honour the truth that has gone misplaced for ages now. I show you the truth, and ask you to search your hearts to accept it as well

As Redgarn spoke, he left a silent, molten power to linger after his words. His speech was ignited with the brilliance of his words, capable of moving anyone who heard them. Ion was almost half led to believe that this man truly did stand for goodness and for change  while he quietly swayed the room with these slowly building twisted ideas.

And what is this truth, which you have accepted, asked one of them, a faintest brush of real curiosity hidden in his challengeful tone. And which you want us to accept as well?

Only this, Redgarn whirled around, letting his eyes flow over the other young Nyon in a full circle. That our great brethren of the Nyon are not meant as such. We, as the great, gifted beings that we are, are not meant to lie below the feet of such woeful establishments. Of structures so flimsy they fall apart on the merest prod. No, we, the great brotherhood of the Nyon, are not meant to work under the Kings of the empire. We are not meant to go about with the dirtywork of the empire which has come about only through the sweat of our toil, and through the glow of our knowledge. The Nyon must not serve the empire, the empire must serve the Nyon.

A short, slightly rigid silence 

Must we all blind ourselves to the sheer, undisputable truth based on childish ideals of equality? went on Redgarn. Must we, really? Who among us here can deny that we are not equals with the world outside in every manner? That we are unique? That we are far greater in the echelons of creation than them? That we are gifted and that our gifts, gifts incomparable to any other, place us in elevated positions that the rest of mankind? Who among us can deny that we are greater than other ordinary men  because we are mystics, the pinnacle of evolution of the human mind, and the precipice of creation? Who among us can deny this? Will you delude yourselves with the idea that all men are really equal? Will you blind yourselves to the undeniable truth that we are greater beings than them? Who among us can deny it?

A faint stirring brushed past the circle of men. They were clearly unnerved by what they were hearing. It clearly caused a slight discord in them and the ideals that they knew they stood for. 

And yet   some of them almost looked to want to accept what they heard, as much as they couldnt.

Step aside from the delusive ideals the Nyon have been blinded to, and accept the truth. The truth  it rings in our minds, and yet we choose to ignore it. This, brethren, is the truth. We have been given power. We are placed at a superior position than others. And this gives us the right, the responsible right, to lead them. To guide them. And to rule them

As silence fell again, the air seemed to climb with a heavy tenseness  some of the cloaked figures turned to the others with confused and slightly trepidative looks. They were now beginning to grow wary of what was being fed to them. And yet, a silent sense of thrill was growing in the air. Redgarns speech left a twin edged effect in the men. The fluent glow of his speech incited a new call in them. A call that struggled for supremacy against their conscience and their reason. 

It was evident that despite their disapproval of what they were hearing, they yearned to believe  to follow him.

But some of them were clearly not fooled
	
One of the young men stepped forward, taking himself to within a few feet to Redgarn. But when the young man spoke, there was no challenge in his voice. Just a calm that gave him an almost fluidic tone. 

I understand what you are trying to state here. But, The man shook his head. The idea of establishing supremacy, on the basis of being greater The man sighed. Redgarn, Redgarn. This is rather intriguing. How is it possible that those greater of mind, those more spiritually elevated, can sink to such low levels of thought?

Redgarn turned to face the new challenger, two feet before him. The spark of anger in his eyes was gone as soon as it had come. Now, believe me. I do not go around spewing dogmatic ideas just because you think I do. I know what Im saying. I know it to be of complete genuine brilliance. I just accept a bold method of bringing my greater mindedness into aid for the world.

But thats where youre sinking. said the other man, and he gave a short, amused chuckle. Youre saying that you can do a better job of ruling the world than the great empire itself? The Kings borne of the blood of Elderon? That should imply that if you were our King, this world would rejoice under a greater golden age than the one we face now. I find that, The man clucked his tongue. slightly hard to believe.

Believe what you want. Redgarns voice turned very mildly rough. There are facts that slip the capture of less minded. And this is one of them. If you want to continue being less minded, go on and wipe the soles of those Kings whove held our brotherhood back for millennia!

Kings whove held back our brotherhood, but have managed to keep up peace and stability for millennia. quipped the challenger.

Ion sensed fury loosening on Redgarns face slowly. But when he spoke, he managed to hide his anger behind the same smoothened etiquette that his words flowed with. All Im saying, good friend, is that the world was meant to be as such. It was meant to be the way I now declare it. The pyramid of power is built with us on top. The power to rule is our right. But this right is not for us, but for the sakes of the people we live amidst. Because they need our light and our guidance.

Well as an eye opener, said the other man, his challengeful tone just as smoothened as Redgarns. to guide, and to shower light upon our people, we serve them. Not rule them, and as a member of the Nyon, you must have clearly studied the difference between them in depths. Because ruling them implies that we are greater than them, and that is a very sadly misplaced lie. We most certainly are not. We are equals with the rest. And we will behave as such.

Redgarn stepped closer to the face of his challenger. His voice was now washed of all smoothness, and now came as a deadly hiss: This is how deluded you have been made to become. You chew and digest utter humbug that the Kings weave to keep you under your control!

The escalating tempers now begun to loosen control over the two of them: when the challenger replied, his voice was teetering on the edge of an angry outburst. We choose to be under their control, fool! The Nyon do not answer to anyone but themselves  to their own conscience. And we know what we do is but the highest nobility. The empire is the highest nobility, and its Kings have proved their nobility to us. If they had not, we would not serve them. We serve goodness, justice. And your words show us that youre nothing but a deluded, twisted little fiend. You consider your mystic powers as some sort of right to rule? Some kind of weapon with which you can subjugate the world to your will?

We subjugate people to our will because we were meant to! growled Redgarn, the fury rising dangerously in his voice. Because we were marked by creation as greater minds, and we fail to accept and embrace the fact that the world is less in evolution than we are! Well, enough of equality. Its time to show the world that were not equals any more than ants are equals with lions. Lions rule the jungle!

This is not a jungle, said the other man. This is an empire. An establishment of men. Not savages. 

Redgarn took a step forward, his eyes boring lethally into the other mans. The first, faint traces of madness were now seeping into his youthly features, distorting them  turning them almost bestial. For the first time, Ion could identify a creature that had enslaved the world and ravaged it as he looked at the man standing in the centre, glaring at the man opposite to him.

If you dont mind me pointing out, came the voice of one of the other men, as he stepped out of the circle and paused to turn to the others. We dont have the luxury of time to spend all day sitting here in this debate. We have a schedule to keep to. 

That seemed to knock the rest of the youngsters into reality as well. Together, the circle disbanded and the entire lot of young students filed out of the room through the door across it. As the crowd drained, two men were left standing in the centre of the room, locked in a steely glare with each other. 

Redgarn took another step forward towards the one who had challenged him, his eyes containing such a mighty fury that Ion thought whatever they fell upon might sear and broil

Ive worked on this long and hard, he said, his voice leaving him as a deadly whisper. And if you  or anyone else gets in my way, He brought his hands before the other mans throat, making a show of enclosing them around his throat. Hell wont know fury

And with that, Redgarn turned, his cloak leaping around, and swept out of the room. 

The three of them stood there, watching the man who had challenged Redgarn. Ion looked at the other two, and saw that they had been just as intensely absorbed in the goings on as he was. 

Well, that was entertaining. said Qyro.

Ion turned back to the man left in the room. A man who had mustered the boldness to oppose a wrongful ideal  a man who had probably died in vain, along with all the other innocent members of the Brotherhood who had died opposing Redgarn ages back. 

But as the man sighed and turned to face the window which the three of them stood in front of  Ion felt shock erupt within him. And his mouth fell wide open. 

Mantra was tall and thin. He had long brown hair that fell to his shoulders at the back, and was tidy at the front. His face bore a youthly radiance. But the glow of his handsome features were marred by a new worry. He stared out the window that the three of them now stood in front of. 

And the voice drew over the world again, the echo reaching it from across a distant chasm, bearing an unbearable grief the weight of millennia.

I watched the tale unfold myself. said the voice of the real Mantra, the one speaking as the vision played. Watched the most tragic story weave through the events around me  helpless. Unable to stop it.

The scene swirled, and now Ion found himself in a larger, more lavish room. Curtains hung over the large windows by both sides of the wall, all of them painted in an exquisite green colour. The walls and floor, along with the high raised ceiling with a chandelier sparkling atop them, were all dressed with a polished, maroon glow. A large table stood at the centre of the room. A table that bore the emblem of the Nyon. The very same one which Ion had witnessed with his eyes some time back in the present. Two cloaked men were lingering at the back of the room, both of them looking deeply engrossed in a serious conversation. One of them looked young, while the other was significantly older. The older man was a Brownling, with short brown hair all over his body. The two of them came strolling closer to end of the room where Ion, Qyro and Vestra stood, and their voices slowly grew audible. 

I was there myself, as he made this speech. Mantra was saying to the other cloaked man. Like all other Nyon, the master was tall and thin. He gazed ahead of him as Mantra spoke, absorbed in thought. I fear this may turn into a threat  a grave one, if not attended to, master. Mantra frowned and looked ahead of him, and Ion sensed a brewing fear in his eyes as he searched for the words to go on. 

The two of them came to a stop as they reached the end of the large corridor. They turned, now facing each other fully. 

He is not the kind of person that you see in him, master Tesmor. Mantras voice carried a sense of foreboding, along with a silent plea to hear it. I know Redgarn. We grew up together. Here, in this very temple. I know him, and that is why this scares me. Deep down, he is something other than what you and the other masters view him to be. Deep down, Redgarn is the kind of man that obeys no boundaries. The kind of man that will stop at nothing to achieve something that he envisions for himself. Anything. He is to be kept in wares, or else he may turn into something of an enemy. To our brotherhood  and to the empire itself.

Tesmor, the Nyon master, gazed at the young disciple before him. He nodded slowly, coming out of his thoughtful reverie. 

Thank you for bringing this to my attention, my young disciple. he said. But I guarantee you, such trivial issues are no cause for your anxiety and concern.

Mantras jaw hung open, with no words coming out. He was clearly expecting a more serious take on this issue. 

Redgarn is a young, and quite honestly, a very accomplished member of our brotherhood. said Tesmor. These are nothing but youthful ponderings of his and they will pass. They shall be no cause for worries

But master, said Mantra softly. Surely you dont believe this is of no -

Tesmor held up his hand, shaking his head gently. I appreciate your concern and your alertedness for the welfare of the pillars that keep our world together. Your heart is in the right place. But do not let irrational anxieties cloud your mind, Mantra.

Irrational? asked Mantra, the note of alarm in his voice now growing louder. Master Tesmor, I - He stopped, as if the words choked in his throat. Something daunting  something terrifying seemed to brew deep within those familiar, hazy eyes. I dont know how to explain this, but He looked away, his eyes fluttering, as if in remembrance of a bad dream. I fear  dark stirrings around us, master. I can sense them. I can hear whisperings of a breeding evil  waiting He stopped and pulled himself together with a deep breath. I can pick up the bodings of a great darkness ahead. And thats why this alarms me. He turned back to Tesmor, who was watching him with concern. For it aligns with this turbulence that I can sense, master.

The brotherhood has endured for ages, Mantra. said Tesmor, with the tiniest hint of complacence in his kindly voice. Do you really believe that something can catch us so unaware?

Mantra looked at Tesmor uncertainly, clearly half in a mind to answer, yes

You fear that the Nyon, and the ancient empire, both of which have stood across millennia, are now about to face an imminent threat from the childish meanderings of one of our own? Tesmor shook his head and gave an airy chuckle. The empire cannot be de stabilised. And neither can the Nyon. We have both stood the test of time. And if you believe that there some sort of inner conspiracy brewing amidst us  and that too led by Redgarn, the foremost and most admired of our new graduates, He held up a forefinger, wagging it in a nanny sort of way. I know Redgarn as well, Mantra. And he is one of the greatest prides of our brotherhood. And great minds are meant to wander into thought, bound to explore unopened territories of thought. They are meant to test and try to build ideologies of their own. They are bound to explore and reinvent old thought patterns.

Master Tesmor, Mantra shook his head, his voice now growing heavy with desperacy. This is not re invention, this is madness! I was there, when he made this speech. He declared, in front of a whole circle of our age group that the Nyon were meant to rule, and that the empire was meant to serve us! That the Kings of the empire had deluded us, and that we needed to rebel against -

Mantra, calm down. said Tesmor, holding up his hand. Whatever he said to you, I believe is nothing of value. And nothing worth worrying over. The group of you have just entered full fledged Nyon-hood, and the stress of the new life must be taking its toll on him. Give him time, and he will come back to realise things himself. He patted Mantra on the shoulder. Redgarn is the greatest of our students, and the gem of the new generation. And want me to believe that he will turn against, and backstab us? He gave a firm shake of his head. No. not Redgarn. Never. If anything, he will make us proud. 

And with that, master Tesmor turned around and strode down the room, leaving Mantra standing where he was, a heaviness in his eyes as he watched his hopes of reaching a warning to his elders vanish in that instant. 

The vision swum, and now Ion, Qyro and Vestra were in a large room. Lurking in the corner, along with a bunch of other cloaked men his age, was a slightly older Mantra. He looked to have aged a year or two since the last vision, now twenty or so.

The room they were in was large, expanding over a giant empty space. Its walls were all metallic, adorned with rich crimson curtains over the windows. Through the windows, Ion saw a magnificent city outside, its structures rising to dwarf any city Ion had ever been to. A steady stream of air vehicles and occasional ships glided over through the air. The room they were now in was apparently in one of the towers, rising high over the ground so that the first, faint cloud strewn layer of the upper sky was seen outside the window.

Ion thought the room was empty, until his eyes fell on a large semi circular bench of seats at the centre, with a table ahead of them. The seats and the table were raised higher than a metre over the ground. A group of cloaked men, some of them middle aged and others elderly, sat over the bench. Sitting in the middle of the bench was the master Tesmor, the lines on his face tenser, tighter than the last time. There seemed to be a quiet distress in his gaze, which was fixed on the large double doored entrance opposite to him.
 
Mantra was among a small cluster of young students standing at the corner of the room. They were chattering in low, nervous voices, looking slightly tense. Mantra was standing at the edge of the group of young men, his hands folded before him. He was silently watching the proceedings before him, while the rest of his friends chatted among themselves. Ion couldnt help noticing how Mantras eyes darted between the bench of masters and the doorway opposite to them. 

And then, after what felt to Ion like a few years, the doorway opposite opened. All chatter, murmurings instantly fell still within the courtroom

Dragged into the room by mechanical robots tougher in appearance than the Rash-cons of the present day, were a group of cloaked men bound in thick iron shackles. There were nine of them, and one of them was being pulled far before the rest. He was being dragged by two guards on either side, his feet scraping over the ground, his long, ravaged looking hair hanging in front to cover his face. 

Mantra and the other initiates had their wide eyes fixed upon the foremost of the men as he was dragged to the centre of the room. The mechanical guards stalled before the bench of masters and shoved the group of men forward roughly. The foremost of them, the one with the ravaged long hair, tossed his head upward so that his hair was thrown back. Redgarns face was robbed of the youthly radiance it held in the previous scene. His eyes seemed to carry a scarlet gleam, and his face had gone sunken, the lines stretched tightly over it. There was a sickened reddish tinge over his skin. It looked as though he had locked himself up in years of intense study in some secluded room devoid of light. And warmth. 

But he stood glaring at the bench of masters before him with a furied defiance burning in his eyes. 

The group of them stood facing the masters, who stared back at them with something inscrutable in their faces. The silence in the room seemed to constrict the air, pressing in on them all. 

The masters sent their gazes wandering over the entire bunch of men who stood before them in iron shackles. 

But Tesmors stare, gaunt and disbelieving, was latched upon the man standing right before him. Redgarn. He stared at Redgarn as though seeing him plainly for the first time, and unable to believe his eyes.

Then, as the seconds crawled by, Tesmor cleared his throat and stood. He tapped a spot on the table before him, and a small holo screen formed before him in the air, over the table. His eyes flowed down the holo screen slowly, before moving back to Redgarn and the cluster of other young men around him. 

You have called before this court, he said, his voice ringing loud and clear over the entire hall. the court of the Nyon, servants of the empire, Gralin, Aztok, Syros, Variad, Crystic, Daleqog, Mardor, Tylon, Vornag His voice sank softer,  and Redgarn. 

His eyes found Redgarn, with something hard and cold within them. And yet, Ion thought he saw the ghost of a long lost affection flicker within them as he stared at his favourite student. 

He read on:

You have called before this court to answer for crimes against the code of the Nyon  and against the great empire. For conspiring, and spreading enmity against the empire, and against its King. He paused, his eyes sturdily perched on Redgarn. 

Redgarn stared back, unflinching.

And on this date, continued Tesmor, and something hardened in his voice. You were found guilty of planning and attempting a group of assassinations on the government of the great empire  one of which was the King himself.

As one, as silence landed after his words. The air in the room had gone rigid and tense 

All in all, seventeen assassination planned, and attempted, went on Tesmor, his eyes moving back to the holo screen ahead. of which nine which went astray, one of which was, fortunately, our King. But eight were successful. And you have been called before this council to answer for these heinous crimes.

Ion and the other two turned as one to look at Mantra, who stood silently at the end of the room. Mantra had his attention fixed on Redgarn. The rest of the crowd stirred behind him, clearly shaken by what these nine of their fellow Nyon had turned into. 

The real Mantras voice came over the scene:

Redgarn and a small group of his followers, in time, came to form a company of conspirators within the Nyon, aiming to overthrow the established ways of the brotherhood. As time passed, this secret company bred secretly within the brotherhood. In time, they carried out their plans to bring down the empire. They planned and executed a series of assassinations, one of which was the King himself. But when they were later caught and brought before the council of elders, to answer for these crimes  there was a diluting of reason in the court. The empires well guarded prison, Taurandor, was the rightful place for such heinous crimes. The crimes that Redgarn and the others committed deserved nothing less than a life sentence in Taurandor. And if justice had been served that fine day  then things would have gone very differently for the entire spectrum. But sadly, fate has its own ways of twisting mens judgements. Even the finest of them all.

As they watched the scene, Ion felt himself engrossed in the sheer tenseness of what was at play  After reading out the crimes of Redgarn and his eight supporters, the masters were making their interpretation of the Nyon code to hand them their punishment.

Ion could feel Mantra growing stiff as the proceedings rolled on. Something in the depths of those hazy white eyes seemed to kindle with an unseen foreboding. 

And at last, master Tesmor reached a conclusion, swaying the council to his belief that the rightful punishment for these atrocities, which clearly deserved a grander punishment, deserved nothing more than  

Exile. he said in a low voice, his eyes scanning the group of nine shackled men. Expulsion from the brotherhood, and exile from the great empire.

Across the hall, the three of them saw the eight thousand year younger Mantras posture retain a sudden new stiffness. The lines around his eyes tightened as he frowned.

The nine of you, went on Tesmor, shall temporarily be expelled from the empire, and from our brotherhood.

Exile? spat Qyro. They murdered eight people. They tried to assassinate the King for gods sake! This deserved far more than just exile.

Ion scowled, looking down the line of masters. This had to be very odd indeed. Such a type of crime would surely call for a greater punishment in any ordinary establishment. But in the great Nyon, how could it go so woefully unpunished?

Mantra bustled across the room and before Tesmor, speaking to him in a hushed voice. 

Master, theyve assassinated eight important government members. he said. Surely this sort of a crime deserves nothing less than -

I shall decide what it deserves, Mantra. said Tesmor, his voice pinched with a trace of anger. Redgarn and the eight others will spend their years in exile, striving to learn the err of their ways. He heaved a slow sigh, his eyes fixing over Redgarns. And when they do  the brotherhood will be more than happy to let them return to us.

Mantras mouth fell open, and he rounded to look at Redgarn. His hateful red eyes were fastened to Mantra  with a grinding force of scorn and fury within them. The fact that this person was going to go on to live free was certainly the blackest turn fate could have delivered them.

Take them away. commanded Tesmor. 

His gaze followed the group of men as they were dragged off. And as Ion looked at the face of Tesmor, he suddenly realised it. He knew  

Tesmor was too attached, even now, to his favourite student. His affection for Redgarn, whom he believed to be gem of their brotherhood, had held him back and had blinded him from delivering justice  and this would one day go on to fall in history as the singularly most devastating mistake ever made 
	
The scene swirled. 

As the now watched, standing in a night worn, cold desert, and the nine cloaked figures ploughed down the meandering land, all of them looking forlorn and demolished. They had been banished to this planet of the outer spectrum, and they were now reaching it, completely alone and friendless.  

And Mantras voice, the real Mantra whom they now knew, played over the scene:

Redgarn and the small group of young Nyon he had gathered as supporters were exiled. To the furthest reaches of the spectrum. Master Tesmor, blinded by his own arrogance, and his belief that Redgarn would see the err of his crimes and return to them in a new leaf, had made the single greatest mistake of history. A mistake that would demolish everything he and the other masters had spent their lives guarding and protecting.

The nine Nyon slowly trotted down the lands, and at the very back, Redgarn turned to send his gaze down the endless expanse behind them. And Ion saw his eyes possessed of a fury like no other. Growling to himself, he turned and continued on. 

The exile was meant to teach them the err of their ways, came Mantras booming voice. But it did quite the opposite. Humiliated and enraged by it, Redgarn vowed revenge against the Nyon, and to tear down everything they stood for. To tear down the empire and make the entire world his. Sealed outside of the empire, alone and guardless, the nine of them hatched their plans in complete unguarded secrecy. Sealed in complete secrecy outside of the empire, Redgarns mind bred with a growing insanity. He began to seek the ways of dark, satanic arts  mystical arts that had been forbidden in the Nyon, and anywhere else in the empire. He started to follow the path of Mezmeron. Over the years, he devoted himself to the darkest form of power  the power of chaos and oblivion. And he slowly began to channel the spirit of Mezmeron himself. The force of anarchy itself.

Now, as the scene swirled again, Ion and the other two were standing inside of a dark, pitch black cave. But standing in front of it, amidst a circle of black cloaked men, was undoubtedly the horrid creature who had grown even more devastating in the years of his exile

Redgarns skin seeming to flame with a crimson red colour. His eyes were piercing red, small and bead like. And his teeth seemed to have turned razor like. There was a screech of madness in every pore of his deadly, blood red skin. He was bent over a large table like object covered in a dark cloth. 

And with the use of a mystical tablet, a greatly powerful instrument in the realm of the mystic, Redgarn spent years tapping into the spirit of Mezmeron and using it to avail a dark force like no other. went on Mantras voice. It took years, and meanwhile, the Xeni were growing steadily stronger in their exile. Many stray mystics of a twisted nature like Redgarn were beginning to fall to the lure of the power that the Xeni promised  and they joined them. Over the years, the Order of Xeni bred, growing steadily stronger, while Redgarn spent all his reserved in the task of unleashing Mezmeron to his aid.

Redgarn pulled off the large black sheet covering the table, and Ion saw, through the darkness, a large table. He took a seat on the ground behind the table, closed his eyes, and began chanting  And through the darkness, a sudden new burn of red lights occurred  The black pits of the cave were suddenly lit in a swirl of blood red lights that shot about like cords, twining about the inside of the cave  Redgarn continued to chant, waving his arms madly in front of the table.

Redgarn had locked himself for years, learning the darkest of mystic arts. said Mantras voice. The darkest of spells and powers that had been locked off bounds for the Nyon. With the help of the mystical tablet, he used these spells to channel the spirit of mezmeron, with which he summoned a force of chaos like no other into this world. To aid him. Years after he had started this long, dark process, he succeeded  and through the life force of mezmeron, he had woven an army of evil, an army of terror, for his aid  and this army that he summoned, was a horror like never seen before.

At the last word, the scene shifted. The three of them were now standing in the same dark cave with Redgarn in front of them. But standing between them and Redgarn was a strange, smoke like entity

This being, Ion could somehow tell, was not like any other known  He seemed to be half solid, half smoke. As the three of them stood and watched, the creature walked over beside Redgarn and turned  And Ions heart froze within his chest at the sheer horridness of what he was viewing. 

He was nothing like anything theyd seen before. 

His skin was pale blue, his eyes ice like. His form seemed to be made of something between solid and gas, and what could be seen of his body was shaped through his smoky outline. But the creature seemed to exact a cold, lifeless aura around him. So that any life form chancing close to him would have withered and died. As Ion watched it, clouds of darkness invaded his mind  it was a creature that stirred anarchy within anyone who set sight upon it. 

With Redgarns knowledge of the dark mystical arts, the Xeni mustered an army like no other. said Mantras echoing voice. Through his black spells, he managed to create and take control of the darkest of creatures ever known to walk this realm. Demons. 

The demon they were looking at, who stood beside Redgarn, smiled as he spoke:

I see you need our aid, he said, his words leaving a slight shiver in the air after them. And we are the lifeblood of Mezmeron, and we will live where there is chaos and anarchy. The forces of Mezmeron have long awaited the chance to test the boundaries of sanity of your kind. He shook his head at Redgarn, who stood just as still with his red eyes unmoven from the demon. And we see that we havent scraped the surface of the amount of sheer chaos man beings can bring about.

You will now. replied Redgarn. I now give you the chance to break all borders, to use your powers of Mezmeron to plunge the entire realm into dishevel. He grinned. Frost the demon, you and the rest of your kind, the kind of demons, shall now join us. And we shall bring about a new order in this universe. An order of chaos.

The demon, Frost, threw his head back and laughed. It was a cold, icy sound that almost made Ions insides writhe.

My good man, I live to serve madness. said Frost. He turned and gazed at where the three of them stood. And Ion felt all three of them freeze as those icy blue eyes focussed on them. But they then realised that he was gazing at the entrance of the cave, which they were in front of. 

You have moulded us through the life blood of Mezmeron, the demon hissed. And serve Mezmeron we shall.

And as Ion and the other two twisted around to meet the demons gaze, they could feel their hearts stop as one

Outside, down the expanse of the cold desert, a hundred  a thousand smoky figures slowly materialised, all of them forming out of thin air and hovering on the spot, faced towards the cave. And then, the entire army of demons, as one, came floating towards where the three of them stood, towards the entrance of that cave, where Redgarn and Frost were
	
An army of demons. 

An army of terror like no other 

Ion was, for the first time, thankful that this was only a flashback and not reality that the three of them were now standing amidst. 

And together, said Mantras voice. They unleashed their evil. Their revenge. Redgarn brought the Xeni, aided with many other stray mystics they had garnered support of over the years in exile our of hiding. And together, with the unmatched terror of the demon army, they unleashed their onslaught against the empire, and against the Nyon.

The scene changed

Now, they were floating in the sky, and through the clouds  But below them, a terrible battle was raging. On ground, mayhem seemed to have broke beyond all limits as two forces clashed with a titanic might. The sounds of the battle reached him from where he and the other two were, hovering a mile above the ground. 

Taking the pursuit of his goal, and of his revenge, to a new storm, Redgarn accomplished the greatest of all evils. played Mantras sorrow stricken voice, over the scene, dulling the sounds of the battle and its explosions around them. He killed master Tesmor, who once stood up for him and protected him, and several others among the elder council that governed the brotherhood. Then, as the Nyon lay plunged in chaos, he fulfilled his long dreamt goal. He took control.

And then, everything around them fell to a soothing, sudden calm  and the three of them were suddenly enveloped in blackness. He brought down the ancient empire, having overcome and brushed aside its armies, and having killed the King and destroyed his heirline as well. And the world was consumed in darkness. For the age of gold had come to an end. And the age of Iron  had begun. 

They were now standing in a planet. And all around them, there was a quiet like no other. A quiet that seemed to blare with the screams of a thousand agonized voices. Ion felt his jaw land open as he realised what was going on

They watched in horror, as lines of civilians stood around, moving step by step. All of them chained, and shackled. They were all wearing expressions of anguish as their fates sealed itself. Standing around the lines of shackled civilians, watching them, were the demons. In their fiendish, smoky forms. Their cruel blue eyes were all fixed on the lines of shackled prisoners that they were now masters of, watching them hungrily. There were also robots, but these were not of Sirengard  they, Ion could tell, were of the new evil empire. The Xenis evil empire. Together, the armies of the empire stood spread over the land, watching the lines of shackled, enslaved people move slowly. 

Having enslaved all of mankind, rang Mantras heavy voice. Redgarn sealed himself as the King. With the Xeni under his command, to do his bidding  and to the demons forces to keep the world clenched within his hold. The power hungry, cold hearted tyrant allowed grief and turmoil to grind forth for centuries of his rule  centuries of pain, misery and darkness.

The scene swirled, and now, Ion and the other two stood inside of a semi dark room. With silent, cloaked figures around. Nyon. One of them was standing right in front of them, his back faced to them. 

They could sense an atmosphere of focus in the room, dampened by a shadow of loss and fury.

When the Xenis victory had been sealed, came Mantras voice. and when they had thwarted the ancient empire, what remained of the Nyon, now broken and ravaged, was forced to flee. Taking what remained of the Nyon temple after the battle, they hid themselves deep in the outer spectrum. While Redgarns dark rule deepened, the Nyon slowly worked against him and his empire, where they lay concealed. Working in complete secrecy, the Nyon slowly built their forces, to one day return to the open and save the spectrum from the evil clench of Redgarn and his empire. But  they knew that they were at a grievous loss. For the demons army was terrible beyond all, and they had not the slightest glimpse of hope that there was any force in existence that would stand against them, and win 

And as the three of them watched, the cloaked figure standing ahead of them turned. Despite the passage of centuries, the three of them saw that Mantra looked not a day older than the twenty one year old they had seen in the courtrooms flashback. And yet, his face was laden with an age old darkness, a sorrow that swept away all of the joy and vigour of his youth. 

Now, with the passage of centuries after the fall of the ancient empire, it was obvious that Mantra was the only remaining Nyon who had lived during that time. He was, undoubtedly their leader now. Their only guide in this dark, dangerous time. A Nyon stood beside him, conversing in a hushed tone. Mantra responded in an equally hushed voice, nodding and shaking his head. 

And then, after what felt like ages, their conversation settled to a stop. And the two of them turned to face each other full in the face. Unless Ions eyes were deceiving him, he could sense something sparkling in those hazy white eyes.

Very well, then. he said softly, to another Nyon standing beside him. I guess all is not lost. If this succeeds. And for the sake of this realm, I sure hope it does.

The other Nyon gave him a sharp nod.

Mantra turned and raised his hands, gathering all the attention in the room swiftly. 

Fellow brothers, he called. I fear that too much has gone to loss over the madness of the Xenis onslaught. And for centuries, our toil has gone wasted  there is no force in existence that can match the sheer terror that they exact. His tone suddenly grew quiet. Except one.

As the effect of his words took over, the rest of the rebel Nyon across the room looked about curiously.

Which one, are you talking of? asked one of them, stepping forth towards their leader. 

What do you mean, Mantra? asked another.

Mantra smiled. And for the flicker of a second, he looked like the bright, younger man they had seen in the earlier scenes.

There is hope, my fellow men. he said softly. There is a way after all, to fight this darkness. And I guarantee you, I have seen it. I have seen the light.

The scene swum, and now the three of them were suddenly standing amidst a blinding tirade of light. It was like the light of a thousand suns blasting as one. And Ion, Qyro and Vestra covered their eyes, fearing that the dazzle would leave their eyes scorched. 

But through the flood of golden light, they could spot outlines. Sitting kneeled before the storm of brightness. It was the Nyon. And suddenly, booming out of the endless light, came a voice  a voice like nothing else Ion had heard his entire life. It seemed to leave his soul reverberating as he heard it. It contained a fire that set Ions mind ablaze as he heard it. 

Yes, said Elderon, his voice thundering across the world of light that the Nyon now knelt before. The soul of creation itself. You shall have it. You shall have a way. And I will give you the right to win this war, and to bring triumph to our world.

One of the Nyon spoke, his voice subdued before the ancient force of good: 

Thank you. said Mantras humbled voice. And in return, I promise you, we, the brotherhood of Nyon will fight for you. For your victory. And the rest shall be announced soon enough.

Before they knew what had happened, the light sucked itself back in like a vacuum chasm. And the entire batch of Nyon were seen kneeling on the ground of the room. But there was a strange radiance in the air, dispelling the sense of gloom it had been in earlier. 

The Nyon had communed with Elderon, came the real Mantras voice, playing over the scene as Ion, Vestra and Qyro watched. And Elderon had given them a gift to fight for his side, and for his world. He had given them the greatest, and most powerful instrument that they could have asked for.

As his voice faded into silence, the three of them watched with their eyes wide: the batch of cloaked figures slowly rose. Mantra, the foremost of the Nyon, was still kneeling on the ground. When he rose and turned, one of his hands was clenched tightly. He gazed about, meeting every pair of eyes in the room: everyone in the room was watching him intensely.

And, with the entire hall staring at him in a deafening suspense, Mantra slowly opened his clenched fist. And Ion saw within it, a bright, glowing object. A closer look told him that it was a conch. It glowed in bright orange, spreading its warmth and light across the entire room, and leaving a flickering gleam in Mantras eyes as he stared down at it.

What  is it? asked one of the Nyon, his voice curious and hesitant.

Mantras eyes lit with a smile. 

All we need.

And the real Mantras voice played over the scene:

The Grael conch was an ancient instrument, one forged by Elderon himself. Elderon had gifted the Nyon an army for themselves. An army woven off his own life force. They were known as the watchmen. The conch had the power to summon the army of watchmen, and to control them. The watchmen were servants of Elderon, meant for protecting the force of harmony in the world.

The scene stirred, and now the few members of the Nyon that lingered after the empires fall were standing outside of the Nyon temple, which stood behind them. The cloaked figures were all gazing at Mantra who stood upfront, holding the glowing conch carefully within both hands.

Gentlemen, he said, without turning, to the Nyon behind him. Lets end this once and for all.

And he sounded the Grael conch.

And as soon as he did, the scene changed. Now, the three Nyon were floating over another raging battle below on ground. A second war. Between the Nyon, and the Xenis empire. But this one was evened out: as the three of them floated to a stop on the ground, they saw the watchmen  And the spirits of Elderon were unimaginable in their beauty and energy. Unlike the hazy demons, they seemed to radiate warmth and light. They were all completely normal men, but their outlines seemed to flicker with ghostly flames that robed their entire body. The sight was both awe binding and terrible. They were all carrying ignited swords and slashing past the demons army. They moved with the speed of ten men in one, and their fiery forms were a rapid orange blur as they streaked through the army of the smoky demons, slicing them all down. 

The watchmen, said the real Mantras voice, ringing over the scene again, so that the sounds of the battle went dull. The spirits of Elderon, were a thousand in number. A thousand warriors possessing every mystical power. They were men in their build, completely normal men, but men whose souls contained the fire of Elderon, and who would never let it dampen.

The great army came with an arsenal made for war, one of which was the fastest, most powerful warship ever to exist, known as Flamebird. And thus, the Nyon were gifted with a force that could try and oppose the wrath of the vicious demons

Now, they were floating in space again, and Ion felt his breath seize at the awe of the sight before them:

A battle raging in mid space. A titanic clash between two powerful forces. 

Giant battle cruisers were frozen around, while smaller warships zipped across all over. The black abyss was coloured with a million orbs of light and jet tailed missiles streaking about. 

In the middle of the madness, one of the ships soared right before where the three of them were watching the scene. An orange coloured falcon shaped ship. Majestic looking, and powerful. It streaked through the mayhem like a knife cleaving butter. Slashing right through all the enemy ships in its wake

Flamebird Vestra repeated absently. 

Ion let his eyes follow the magnificent, falcon shaped ship as it shot across at speeds unimaginable. 

And so, with the army of watchmen by their side, the Nyon re surfaced and waged a war with Redgarns empire, to set the spectrum free from him. said Mantras voice. And not long after, we triumphed. The Xeni and their empire was torn down and destroyed. Redgarn and the surviving members of the Xeni were sent to Taurandor  where they were meant to have been from the start. They were left to die there, and the dusted remains of their bodies would be found till this day in the ancient prison.

Mantras voice gave a moments pause. And when it went on, there was a deeper touch of sorrow within it. 
 
For almost hundreds of years, we had dreamt of it  but when it came, when victory sealed over the evil empire, we realised it was no victory at all. It was just a lessened defeat: the empire of Elderon had gone, its heirs all lost. And the golden age had forever come to an end. Our triumph was but a fleeting glimpse of an illusion of freedom that would never exist. For we knew that now, all of mankind was lost, lost without the guidance of our true leaders. Without the light of the Sirengard. And the evil empires tyranny had cast a black taint on the world of the mystic. One that would last eight thousand years hence
	
The scene changed. And now, they were standing in an office room. There were suited men all standing about the place, their faces grim. And finally, cutting through the silence, one of the men spoke:

Mystics are an abomination. They were the very reason this tragic devastation of our spectrum happened in the first place

And as the three of them watched the memory in horror, the leaders of the newly established anti terrorist organisation, the Naxim, sealed their statement and their mission as the enemies of tyranny  and as the enemies of mystics. For the two of them, they believed, were the same.

 and the rest of the spectrum, concluded the man speaking at last, while the rest of the high council nodded. completely agrees with us. All of the spectrums newly risen states are willing to form a pact with us, stating their complete opposition to mystics. The mans face hardened. From this day forth, this spectrum will show no mercy to them. Mystics.

Mantras voice then said: Faced with defeat at the fall of their leader, their evil empire was broken. Our victory had led them to flee for their lives: the few among the Xeni who had survived the war against the Nyon, were forced to flee. But  the few surviving Xeni, along the demon army, were never going to give up on their long sought goal. Not so easily. With the wars outcome evident, they knew that for the time being, nothing could be done: For the demon army was being hunted down by the newly established Naxim and the Nyon and the watchmen together. The Xeni were broken, and only a few of them survived the war. The other sides victory had been certain, and they knew that if they wanted to make a move to reclaim the world, they would have to wait. 

With Elderons victory over Mezmeron, the demons were left in a weakened state: they were borne of the life of Mezmeron and they needed the life force of Mezmeron, or anarchy, to feed them. They could not sustain themselves in a world where Elderon had triumphed. And so, they left our realm. They sealed themselves in another dimension where they would slumber, until this world had come under the clutches of Mezmeron again 
	
And so, hidden safely in another dimension, the demon army awaited the time when Elderons grasp loosened over the realm, and Mezmeron grew to great power. They awaited the time when anarchy had reached its peak in our world again. And when it did, the demons would return to thrive on the force of Mezmeron, the force that feeds their life 

The Xeni held the key to the dimension where the demons were hidden. With their order broken, they went into hiding, but keeping the key safe with them. The key to the dimension where their army of terror was hidden. They planned to bide their time in the darkness, waiting for the right time to strike again: they waited for the time when their order would rise from the ashes again  and took anarchy and chaos to its highest level in the world. And when that time came, when the force of Mezmeron rose again, they would use the key to the dimension where the demon army was hiding, to set them free  and would use them to finish what Redgarn had started.

And the scene changed before them, showing a group of hooded figures moving down a large expanse. One of them stopped and held a small object before the others. The key to releasing the demon army

 It was the crystal they had recovered from the village. 

This was the key to unleashing the Xenis dark army. 

As one, as the three of them watched the scene, the bits and pieces flew together, zooming in to form the picture. And they understood everything. They understood what the crystal was so important for. It was most important. 

They call it the plague crystal. Mantras echo like voice said. And it was the instrument of releasing their demon army from the realm where it lay sealed away, slumbering. And for that one reason, it is the singular bane of everything the Nyon had striven, bled and died for.

The scene changed, and now, the three of them were in a room in the Nyon temple. but as they stood like ghosts at the back of the room, their eyes fell on the one solemn figure perched on the tidy ground in front of them, his back turned to them as he gazed out the window heavily. Mantras form was stiffened as he sat cross legged, but even without looking at his face, the three of them could feel it  the grief and sorrow crushing him whole. And it seemed to expand like a wave, to engulf them as well. They could feel his emotions churning  his sorrow at the greatest loss. The loss of the great empire of Sirengard. The loss of the majesty of time, which would never again return.

The brotherhood was forced into hiding, with the newly arisen Naxims stand against mystics, which they made following freedom. And since then  for eight thousand years, we have only lived on as a very scarce tint of our older grandeur. Mystics themselves were hard to find, let alone mystics who were interested in joining a brotherhood that had already been marked by the Naxim and condemned. We scraped our way to survival since that day. And our fight for survival, amidst the age of darkness  continues to this very moment as I speak.

And everything suddenly blurred. And the three of them were suddenly back in reality on the roof of the temple, and with Mantra standing ahead of them. He hadnt moved an inch since the flashback had begun. 

For a long, quiet moment, Mantras serene white eyes were still over the three students. And then a grin awoke upon those wizened features.  

Any more questions youd like to ask?


6




The four of them stood there gazing at Mantra in a heavy silence. The elderly master seemed to now awaken a whole new dimension in Ions perception  As he now looked at him, Ion suddenly felt the weight of the new world he had entered bear down upon him with a might like no other. 

He had just felt the pain of what the Nyon had endured  the pain that the Xeni had wrought. And as he did, a sudden steely resolve arose within him. He had always known what to do. But now, he knew exactly why it had to be done. They had to fight the Xeni, and prevent the return of their army, because if they didnt  eight millennia of sheer grief and pain would survive as a blotch in history that was never erased. And eight thousand years worth of loss would go down in vain. 

He could feel Vestra and Qyro equally moved and stunned by what they had seen. 

The key  to the demon army. said Qyro at last. Thats what it is.

Mantra slipped his hand into his robe and produced the crystal for them to see  And this time, as the three of their eyes fell over it, the same air of dark understanding stretched over them.

We now see how important that mission was. said Vestra, shaking her head. We were acquiring the most deadly object from the Xenis hold. We didnt dream that the mission you were sending us for was so-

That was because the masters and I decided that keeping you in the dark, at least until you received it and successfully returned, was necessary. Mantra paused for a breath. We thought if you knew the enormity of what you were being sent to, the pressure of it might have been detrimental to your focus.

Ion gave a moments thought over the map of everything that had now formed in his head, and felt a frown sink into his brow. But what did the rebels have to do with this entire thing? How did they get hold of the crystal?

Mantra nodded. The Xeni had been hiding, sealed off the known world for eight millennia. But however well hidden they stayed, they knew that they were holding an object far more important than even their own lives: the plague crystal was more important than even their survival. For they were merely there to learn the ways of the dark arts, and then pass them on to the forthcoming members who would join. But the crystal was the constant, and the soul of their entire force. They needed to keep it far more well hidden than even their own selves. 

He stopped for a moments pause, and a scowl came over his features. I could sense it over the ages.  I could sense that the crystal was being moved about through the spectrum. And with it, carried the dark taint of the demon army that it hid in the other dimension. I wasnt attuned enough to find the exact location of the crystal, or of the Xeni. My senses arent that attuned, as are all mystics, even the greatest of them. But I knew for certain that the Xeni were making arrangements to keep their crystal safer than we could imagine. Over the ages, they slowly built ties with rogue organisations. They identified them well, as you have guessed. They ensured that the organisations resided where none of us, the Nyon, could dare enter. They identified organisations that were under the protection of the Naxims high territory, and bade them to protect the crystal for them. And so, over the millennia, they passed the protection of the plague crystal down an entire list of such rogue organisations in tight Naxim terrain, and this list ended with the rebels that you just attacked.

He slipped the crystal back into his pocket again.

Most of this, I found through plain logic and guesswork. he carried on. The Xeni were likely to form ties among other rogue organisations, despite being mystics. Firstly, they may not necessarily need to do it legitimately. Im pretty sure a portion of the criminals they hired to hide the crystal for them were made to do so under blackmail and threats: even criminals are dead afraid of mystics, as were well aware. And so, through these eight millennia, the Xeni kept their most treasured artifact in the safest hands possible. For what they did prevented the crystal from being threatened both by the Naxim, and by us.

So over the millennia, said Ion. they kept hiring criminals to hide the crystal for them?

But couldnt you guys know where the crystal was, at any point? asked Vestra.

Mantra gave a pained smile. You can imagine how things were for us over the past eight millennia. Weve been facing a struggle all through, not only to hide from the Naxim constantly and its raids  but also to find new initiates, to keep our brotherhood going. And that was proving to be really tough under the heated anti mystic climate weve faced till now. But yes, even amidst all of it, our priority was finding the crystal. I tried my best, and all I could do was to keep myself attuned to pick up any signs of alert. The crystal leaves its negative radiation where it travels, and I knew I was the only one who could scent the radiation. It wasnt until very recently  that breakthrough happened.

Recently, I had been sensing dark forces rising  chaos stirring. I heightened my efforts, knowing that it indicated the return of the Xeni. And amidst the stirring evil that I sensed, I could find the location of the plague crystal. And it was at the rebel village. But by then, it was too late. The masters had all been enlisted in the Naxims hitlist in the raid they conducted a few years back, which we barely escaped from. We knew the crystals location  but we were helpless. Going to the planet would have been nothing short of suicide. And so, we waited. We found two initiates in this dangerous stage. His gaze fixed over Vestra and Qyro. But at the same time, sending them in for this mission too, would have been suicide. For they had just joined, and were not yet powerful enough for such an undertaking. 

And so, we decided to wait, let the two of you grow to a powerful stage before we sent you for this deadly mission. But there, too, fate intervened. He sighed and turned to look past the forests on the right. Just a day back, I found signals of the gravest type possible  I could feel that something very dark was stirring around us. And when I dawned over the news of the terrorist attack in Tansof, it was evident that the Xeni were behind it. And that was when I knew that this was the time to act. We needed to obtain the crystal from the Xenis hold before it was too late  and so, I convinced the council that no matter what the risk, the only option remaining was to be taken. If we couldnt go to the planet ourselves - and that definitely was ruled out - we needed to take the only measure left to try procuring the crystal. And so we sent the two of you, who were not on the Naxims hitlist and could therefore enter the planet without invoking their attacks, for this mission.

Why has it been so hard, finding new initiates? asked Ion.
 
The brotherhood is lucky to have survived this long, said Vestra. Incase you didnt catch that part, when the Naxim exiled the mystics, we, the Nyon, were their foremost targets. We had to keep ourselves as low as possible. And so, we hardly had mystics joining us.

But mystics who were found alive itself were getting hard. said Mantra. And even among the few mystics joining our order over the ages, many of them were caught by the Naxim when they made their raids in unknown planets in the outer spectrum.

Raids? asked Ion. 

Raids. Mantra nodded. The Naxim conducted them specially for us. Because they knew we were the biggest bunch of mystics there was to find. There was one conducted very recently, and the eighty three of us here now were too lucky to have escaped. He gave a pained sigh. Many others werent. It was a few years back. After we managed to escape, we relocated the temple, like the other hundred times over the eight millennial span that we needed to. And we continued to lie low. 

But when the Naxim was founded, asked Ion, frowning. Why did they mark us, the Nyon, as an enemy?

Ion, look at it from their eyes. said Mantra, shaking his head. The spectrum had just undergone the heaviest span of torture under the rule of a bunch of satanic mystics. A bunch of satanic mystics that we, the Nyon, had created.

But the Nyon didnt create them! Ion argued fiercely.

But did they see it like that? Mantra sighed. When Redgarn and his empire had fallen, the spectrum had been seized by a fresh wave of fury for what they, the Xeni, had taken from them. They had robbed them of the golden age, and had left the entire world in shambles. The newly freed peoples of the spectrum wanted to protect themselves from it happening again. But whats more, they wanted revenge. And both of these motives added up to sum one conclusion: the Nyon and the existence of mystics had led to Redgarn and the Xeni. And the devastation they had wrought through their mystic powers came through our teachings. They saw the carnage that Redgarns empire wreaked as a side effect of our mystical teachings. They did not understand that Redgarn had simply misused what we had given him as knowledge. 

As Ion opened his mouth to argue again, Mantra held up his hand, shaking his head with the same mild smile. No, Ion. the fault was ours. youre forgetting that if Tesmor had had the courage to look past his arrogance and his blinded affection for his student  If he had just done the right thing by delivering justice and imprisoning Redgarn and the eight others that day for their crimes, nothing of this grievous fate would have happened. And as a result, the Nyon is partially responsible. We carved this of our own hands  as all men do for their fates.

Silence landed between them again, as Ion chewed what the three of them had just been taken through. Then, as something slowly dawned on him, he looked at Mantra and asked, So the watchmen, the Grael conch  what happened to them after the war?

After the war, we kept the conch.

What for? asked Ion.

Yes, replied Mantra. The Grael conch contains the power of the watchmen within it. A power that cannot be destroyed. After the war, the watchmen were returned to the conch, where they slumbered. 

Slumbered? asked Qyro, slanting his eyebrow. You mean  the watchmenre not gone? 

Ion shared the same confusion that his tone carried. 

Mantra gave a strangely hollow smile. The watchmen were spirits of Elderon. The conch carried the glow of his life force itself. The force of harmony. And when unleashed, that power would form them and give them mortal forms in this world, to fight for the cause of harmony. The watchmen were indeed mortal in their make, and they were normal beings. But their core was not: when their mortal shell falls, they return to occupy the conch. And there, they wait until the time arises once more for the battle between Elderon and Mezmeron. And here is the most tragic part of the entire story.

The three of them glanced at each other. 

What do you mean? asked Vestra. 

But the battle between Elderon and Mezmerons arisen now! pressed Qyro. Where are they?

They dont just jump into existence, Qyro. said Mantra. After falling once, they rest in the conch for a thousand years. After that span of time, if the Nyon needed them, we were to sound the conch, in order have them re summoned.

A thousand years? asked Vestra, sounding incredulous. But well over thats passed! Eight thousand years have passed!

Qyro nodded. Im pretty sure they would have had more than enough rest by now. If the conch is held safely with the Nyon, why havent we sounded it and summoned-

As I said, Mantra cut across them, the pained look in his eyes deepening. Here is the most tragic part of the entire story. He heaved a quiet sigh. You see, the Grael conch was meant to be preserved. By us, by the Nyon, so that when the time came for good to resist the uprising of evil again, the conch could be sounded, and the army of watchmen could be released. We were meant to protect and keep it safe with us. It was our foremost and most sacred duty, one entrusted by Elderon again. But alas  it was a duty we failed in. 

Failed in? gasped Vestra, looking close to aghast. 

You mean the conch is  gone? asked Qyro silently. 

But how? asked Ion. 

The Nyon had been greatly weakened after the Naxims stand against mystics. And in the pitiful state that we were pitted in at the time, we were piled with more worries than we were meant to be. Mantras eyes drifted out of focus, gazing into the distance. Though the war was won, and the world was free, we, the Nyon, had just entered a gravely chaotic phase for ourselves. We were faced with threats from all sides, and amidst it, trying to keep the brotherhood alive. Amidst all the woes, the Grael conch was given a feebler protection than it was meant to. It was our greatest fault yet. His voice grew heavy. My greatest fault yet.

He continued to gaze into the distance in a heavy silence. Vestra took a step forward and patted the elderly man consolingly. 

It would be wrong for you to claim full responsibility for it, master. she consoled him softly. It isnt your fault.

Mantras white eyes focussed on her, and he nodded. Thank you, Vestra. He walked a few steps forward, continuing to look past the forests beyond. I thought I was doing the best there was needed to keep the conch safe. I installed a system that I believed was failproof in guarding our most precious asset. I entrusted the conch to a line of Nyon called as the conch keepers. It was a line of secret members, and they were never to reveal their identities, for I believed that, though we were safer from infiltration from the Xeni than before, this knowledge was far too sacred to merely fling about. Even among the Nyon themselves. And yes, I did believe that we were not completely free from infiltration, though it looked such. I knew I had to keep myself vigilant for the return of our most dreaded enemy. He paused, and then turned to face the three of them. The line spawned from master to student. A master would, after keeping the conch safe through his days, hand it down to his student. And so it went on  until, I believe, one of them was caught and executed by the Naxim.

Vestra gave a sharp gasp, while Qyro shook his head heavily. 

And I think, went on Mantra, seeming to push every word out of him. The conch  was destroyed at that instance by the Naxim, who failed to know what it was, or even bother to find out. We were sure of that. But if it wasnt destroyed, the conch was never to be heard of again.

The three of them stood there, feeling the weight of his words press upon them silently. 

We failed in our duty. said Mantra in the same tone. Our most sacred one. And the price for that weighs upon us now. We failed to protect the weapon of Elderon himself. And that is the reason today, Elderon has fallen. And Mezmeron rises.

A short silence pervaded, whereupon the sorrow of everything they had had just heard seemed to survive as a lingering echo. 

But in order to release Mezmerons forces, said Ion. they have to bring the anarchy in this realm to its peak, right?

Yes, anarchy is the force of Mezmeron. Mantra nodded. The demon army, being creations of Mezmeron, need anarchy to feed them and to allow them to thrive. And so, in order to use the crystal to release Mezmerons wretched army, the Xeni first need to make this world a trove of anarchy, Mezmerons blood. Only then would it be conducive for the release of the demons.

So thats what theyre upto now. Qyro said.  

What? asked Mantra, turning to look at him. 

You said they were behind two terrorist attacks just earlier on. So that was the point of the attacks, right? Raising the anarchy?

Mantras gaze carried away from Qyro, into the distance of the dark forest extending beyond them. He was silent for a few seconds, thinking. 

I think the anarchy that they created from the two attacks, he said finally in a slow tone. was just a side effect

What do you mean? asked Vestra. 

Mantra was frowning, his gaze ponderous. I think they were doing it with the intention of accomplishing something. But what that something is, I cant tell for sure. His voice faded, but he continued to frown, clearly still robed deep in thought.

You mean they had an intention behind the two attacks? asked Vestra, her head tilted. But  what could it be?

Mantra didnt answer, and continued to gaze past the distance in silence. 

So all we do now, said Ion. is just keep the crystal safe here, away from them?

Mantra turned to him, and a faint smile flickered on his lips. Its all we can do  and, though I realise this may sound harsh in the current climate, its all that we should do. If we go outside and risk trying to find them, or stop them, were risking the most powerful force thats left that can stop them - us. Because the more we risk our necks, the stronger were letting our enemies get. We have to keep ourselves together and strong now. Because the Xeni are a real threat. But the only thing that can challenge this threat is us, the Nyon. If we make a falsely reasoned move, one reckless decision, and lose our already lessened members, then were wasting the only resource thats left to protect the world at this hour. And we cant do that. 

He paused for a moment, and the look on his face eased. And whats more, without the crystal, theres nothing left for them. Whatever theyre after, their ultimate goal is definitely getting the crystal and releasing the demon army. So in that sense, what were doing is whats needed at the current climate: were keeping the crystal as safe as can be here with us. The Xeni have not the faintest clue of our location. Nor can they. This, the Nyon temple, is the safest place for the crystal as of now.

As silence fell again, the three of them were absorbed in their own thoughtful meanderings about everything they had heard and seen. Ion looked past the dense greenery spreading around them. Overhead, he spotted a gaggle of swan like birds sail past the cloudy skies. 

How was it? asked Qyro suddenly. 

What? asked Mantra.

The time of the evil empire. said Qyro, after a slight pause. 

Something in the depths of Mantras eyes darkened. The worst possible time. The Xeni ruled over the spectrum for three centuries. The three most chaotic centuries in history. But the tyranny of their empire didnt stop with the realm of man beings  during their rule, the Xeni and their demon army oppressed non man beings above all others. Some of the non man beings species have been scarred terribly by their reign.

Like the Ensys. said Ion, remembering the Redling in the cruiser having told him this. 

Mantra gave a slow nod. Especially the Ensys. They were the worst of the victims that Redgarns empire had destroyed. They were driven far into the outer spectrum, into hiding, and they are hard to come by even this day. They remember the Xenis reign and hate them for it upto this day. He heaved a deep sigh, his voice now softer. Their empire was broken, and Redgarn and the captured Xeni were left to die in the prison Taurandor. It brought about the end of the single darkest age in our spectrums history. And our greatest duty, is to guard it from ever happening again. He stuffed his hand into his pocket and withdrew the crystal again. If you had failed to acquire the crystal  there could not have been a greater catastrophe that the one which would have passed.

Ion felt a shudder pass him at the tone in which he spoke. 

Earlier on, you mentioned something called a mystical tablet. said Vestra. A powerful instrument in the realm of mystics, which Redgarn and his men used to conjure the demon army, in their days of exile.

Yes. said Mantra.

What is that? asked Vestra. 

Ion realised that he, too, had never heard of such a thing before. A mystical tablet.

Mantra thought for a second, before giving the three of them a curt nod. 

Let me show you.

He turned and strode off the way he had come, and the three of them, with a quick glance at each other, followed him. 

__________


As they walked down the corridors again, Ion thought he would never tire of admiring them. Mantra swept down the hall ahead of them in a brisk stride, the three others tailing him from behind. They were now in the third storey of the large structure, and they occasionally came across other cloaked masters who bowed at Mantra and smiled or nodded at them as the group of them passed. 

The master paused before one of the doorways on the right of the corridor and gave it a gentle push. The door swung open to reveal a large room very much like that of the elder councils. But they saw a large table like object sitting at the centre of the large empty room. Its surface was completely smooth and polished, and it was raised on one thick large leg that was as wide as a tree trunk. Mantra walked upto the large object and turned to the three of them, who stood there at the doorway. 

This, he said, placing a hand on the surface of the large table. is a mystical tablet. 

This is what Redgarn and the Xeni used to unleash the demon army? asked Qyro, his eyes drawing wide as he looked at the tablet.

Mantra gave a wave of his hand. Of course not. This is not the only mystical tablet in existence. There are many of them and the one Redgarn used was different.

The three of them walked before the large table like object, in front of Mantra. 

What does it do? asked Ion. 

A mystical tablet, said Mantra. is an instrument used to amplify a mystics powers, allowing him to perform a certain powerful feat, or a spell as they call them. Spells of a greatly powerful nature, which cant be handled single handedly by a person, can be performed through a mystical tablet, which enhances the power of the spell and unleashes it. But the extent to which the spell is enhanced depends on the power of the tablet.

You mean it amplifies a mystics power when he uses it, summed up Vestra. and lets him perform powerful spells?

Yes. said Mantra. There are spells that require a greatly powerful mystical energy. And the energy for it is supplied from the tablet, channelled through the mystic who uses it. But the energy provided for the spell varies from tablet to tablet. And as a result, the power with which the spell is unleashed also varies from tablet to tablet.

So the outcome of the spell depends on the tablet on which its being performed? asked Qyro, folding his hands before him.

Mantra nodded. Yes. In other words, the more powerful the tablet, the more powerful is the spell unleashed through it. Tablets come in differing power ranges. And if a particular tablet is really powerful, so will the spell that is performed through it be.

He slid his hands behind his back and slowly walked around the tablet. The mystical tablets were instruments crafted by the earliest mystics who walked this spectrum. During the time of the Nyon, they were well known and used. The brotherhood itself used the spells for certain measures. The mystical tablets were nothing short of gifts to us. And they were sacred, and so were the means in which we used them A frown creased his brow. The very thought that the Xeni had violated the sacredness of a tablet by unleashing such dark spells on It. He heaved a tragic sigh. It was the very worst that we could have dreamt of. The tablets were meant to be used for good purposes, and for amplifying spells of good, noble nature. Not those borne of the twisted dark arts that the Xeni had performed.

Howd the Xeni manage such a thing? asked Vestra, running her hand over the flawless surface of the tablet. To channel the spirit of Mezmeron, and create an entire army out of it. And that too, such a powerful army  an army of demons? 

What you need to understand first, said Mantra. is that Redgarn was no ordinary mystic. a long forgotten darkness seemed to pervade his features as he said it. He was a very powerful mystic. A very powerful dark mystic. And even among mystics, only very few know the art of performing spells. Not all mystics are well versed with that particular art of the mystic mind. Performing spells requires an indepth study of another segment of these arts. And Redgarn had mastered that. He was the greatest and most revered mystic of the day  and an even more revered spellweaver. And upto this day, in the arts of spellweaving, He gave a shake of his head. none can surpass him. And none will.

Lets hope you arent talking too soon. warned Qyro. 

So even when the Xeni want to release the demon army, asked Vestra. wont they need a spell to do it?

Mantras brow sank in another thoughtful frown. The crystal is a key to a whole other dimension where a giant mass of dark forces, the entire demon army, awaits. If the Xeni want to create a small crevice in the dimension, they might not need the tablet. But through such a small gap, they would not be able to release the entire army. He gave a shake of his head. Not even a slight portion of it. They might be release a mere sliver of their army.

So to release the entire army began Ion. 
	
Yes, completed Mantra. To open the dimension completely, and to set free all of the forces of Mezmeron that lay in slumber behind it, they will require a mystical tablet. And they will also require a good spellcaster to make that spell. 

But if the Xeni are planning on releasing the entire demon forces, said Qyro. And that is their ultimate goal at the end of it all, then wouldnt they need a good spellweaver for it? To perform the spell where the armys released?

They will. said Mantra. And they must be having one as well. Its true that a stronger spellweaver would avail a better result from the spell. But the Xeni may not hope to perform as powerful a spell as Redgarn did eight thousand years back. A meagre spellweaver would suffice for what theyre trying to accomplish. To set the forces of Mezmeron free. He looked down upon the tablet. 

The mystical tablets all carry different ranges of powers, he said. Some of them are weaker, some stronger. And the stronger the tablet, as I said, the stronger the spell.

How strong is this one? asked Ion, jerking a thumb towards the tablet they were standing around.

Mantra shook his head. The tablet we are in possession of now is nothing at all. But it suffices for what we require these days  as if we do perform spells like we did back in the day of the great empire. Back in those days, we had possession of the most powerful of them all. The most powerful mystical tablet in existence. It was known as Valicros, and we used it and its grand powers for the noblest of means. He turned slowly, facing them again. Sadly, like most good things after the fall of the empire, Valicros too was lost. It was destroyed during the war. 

Apart from creating demon armies and setting them free, exactly what do these tablets do? asked Vestra.

Mantra trotted forward and place both hands over the surface of this tablet, gazing at it for a second. 

Mystical tablets can be used to bring to effect an entire host of spells. But usually, such spells are used only in the most extreme circumstances, where theyre required. The creation of the demon army through the power of Mezmeron, and releasing them through the crystal are two such instances. But there are other spells that can be effected for different means. Let me give you a demonstration. 

He raised his hands over the surface of the large tablet, and made a swift wave like motion over it with both arms. With the three of them watching, he continued to make strange wave like movements with both arms over the tablet. As this went on, Ion glanced at the other two, both of whom caught his eye and shrugged, equally perplexed. But before a minute or so passed, Ion could feel the effect of whatever spell Mantra was working on take place. He could feel the other twos eyes widen as his own did

The tablet over which Mantra was performing the spell was beginning to glow in a fierce orange. Then, the three of them edged back from the tablet warily: strange, fiery ropes were beginning to form around the tablet. They were the strangest sight Ion had ever seen. They looked like ribbons of flame, forming out of thin air around the tablet as Mantra waved his hands. They hung there for an instant, swirling and coiling on the spot, before slithering about the rest of the room. 

Ions heart caught for the meekest moment as he beheld the sheer awe of the sight: it was like watching a group of serpents set on fire swirling about in mid air. Mantra continued to wave his hands, and the glowing tablet seemed to glow brighter slowly. Leaping into the air at a faster speed, the flaming ribbons shot across the room viciously. 

For a split second of panic, Ion wanted to turn and bolt out the door before one of the fiery ropes happened to hit him and reduce him to ashes. He knew the other two felt the same impulse as they watched the breathtaking but terrifying sight of the fiery snakes shooting across the room, soon to engulf everything. Then, as if sensing their fears, Mantra stopped waving his hands, letting them come to rest over the tablet. At once, the fiery ropes dangerously spinning about the room stopped and melted back to thin air, leaving not the faintest trace behind that theyd been there. 

Qyro was the first one to break the stunned daze that was clutching all the three of the students. 

That was wicked. he gasped. 

Mantra smiled as he walked across the tablet, to where the three of them were standing. Wicked  but just as dangerous.

What was that? asked Ion. 

That was a particularly favourite spell of mine, replied Mantra, coming to a stall before the three of them. It was taught by the masters eight millennia back, and is one of the most dangerous spells to date. It is known as inferno. The spell of the fire serpents.

If its so dangerous, what do they teach it to you for? asked Qyro. 

Inferno is a spell meant to be set loose in a particularly tense environment, answered Mantra. mainly as a distraction. 

A distraction that can get you killed. observed Vestra.

It indeed is. said Mantra. But the point of it is to aid your side when it is clear theres no other option. He turned and looked at the tablet. Its surface was slowly cooling, no longer glowing orange as it was when he was performing the spell. 

Its a tricky spell, and it takes some time when performed manually. Mantra turned back to the three of them with a frown. It is important to make sure that the tablet is completely intact and functional before trying a spell. If the tablet is broken or damaged in a way, the spell that youre trying to achieve can go very wrong: at the merest touch, it could unleash itself in an explosive, uncontrolled rate. For instance, if I had attempted that particular spell on a broken tablet, it wouldnt have taken me more than a second to trigger it: but in the next few seconds, the air would be swirling with a thousand of those fire serpents trying to rip us all apart and burn the entire place down. 

That really is a lot of power. said Vestra.

Not nearly as much as Valicros, and other tablets that existed during the age of Sirengard. Mantra said. The tablets of this day are a mere fragment of them. Valicros would have been a hundredfold the power that can be channelled through this tablet. He jerked his head to gesture to it. 

Well, they seem like they were a heavy load, though. said Qyro, looking at the tablet ahead of them. How did you guys carry these things about over the ages?

Mantra walked over to the large table, and pressed a spot on the centre of its large surface. When he removed his hand, the bulky table like object had disappeared in a bright flash of light and in its place, sitting on the floor, was a miniature model of it. A version of the same tablet reduced to one tenth its original size scale. 

Mantra picked up the small tablet, looking at it for a second.

The tablets can be compressed, if in need to move about. he explained, replacing the small scaled version of the tablet back on the floor and turning back to them. Anyway, thats enough of boring stuff for a day. Why dont we show Ion about the rest of the temple?

With a nod, he headed for the door. With a last look at the miniature version of the tablet at the centre of the room, the three students headed after him. 


7




Inhale  Exhale 

The world seemed to turn vapor like, vanishing into nothingness. All thoughts and sensations lay stilled, and silence flowered inside of Zardin as he sat meditating, unwary of what the time or place was. 

Inhale  Exhale

And here, at the deepest realm of thought that lay within him, Zardin found peace like no other. Calm like nothing else radiated through his mind, as it connected to its root source. 

Inhale  Exhale

Zardin had now aligned with the host of his being. He had breached his inner self, the core of his self. And he was mesmerised by the beauty blossoming within him in here. Entrancement flooded him. 

Inhale  Exhale

This was where he belonged. This was where he found all truths. All answers. And they transcended reason and intelligence, struck with a clarity like nothing before  This was where he learned everything. 

Inhale  Exhale

And as he lay blanketed in the cozy depths of the world within, he found the answer. He found the truth behind his existence, the reason he was here. The reason he existed. And the knowledge came with a crash of light. 

Inhale  Exhale

This was his role. This was his purpose. The reason behind his existence 
	
Inhale  Exhale

The message gushed up within him, carrying the force of a hundred volcanoes blasting as one. 

MY EXISTENCE  IS FOR THE WORLDS DECAY. The voice exploded within him, seeming to set his insides ablaze with a fury of purpose like no other. 

As the warmth and peace cloaking him slowly faded, Zardin slowly drew in his final breath, and rose from where he had been sitting in the dark cave that he called his home. The darkness here was absolute, and even to the sharpest pair of eyes, nothing could have been made out. But to Zardin, there was crystal clarity. The large hall of the multi chambered cave was completely empty, with the ground rising and falling haphazardly around him. The roughened walls and ceiling reflected the erosion the cave had been left to undergo across ages. 

Zardin placed his hands behind his back and slowly strolled up and down the inside of the cave, collecting himself. Analyzing all that they had now. And all they needed to have. 

He knew now what they needed to do. The path they, the Xeni, had set foot on had not come to an end, yet. They had things left to do. 

Though the Nyon had acquired their crystal, their present goal  one they were working towards with a smaller vision, was unaffected by it. Of course, the crystal was their ultimate goal, but they would have time to worry about it later on. As of now they would still carry on, unhindered by the small grievance caused by them by those wretched fiends. 

With a final, deep breath, he turned and strolled back to where hed been sitting. He sank back to a seat on the floor. 

Through the silence outside, and the silence inside, Zardin could hear them. The ghosts of the past  casting whispers into his head. Zardin had learnt always to keep himself free from all sorts of unnecessary distractions. But he knew that this was a certain distraction that came in handy once in a while

The past. 

Nothing could be more powerful than listening to the echoes of ones past  And using them to build a resounding boom for the future. 

The past was a driving force with a might like no other. The past was a catalyst, a propellant towards a mans future. The past was a power untamed  unbounded. 

But it equally painful.

As Zardin sat there in pitchless silence, the whispers of his old grief played at the back of his head, threatening to drag him back in time. To relive pains of eld. But the pain was good. The pain was his instrument  his fuel that drove him into the future. 

Zardin drew in a deep breath, and gave himself over to the whispers at the back of his mind  And he was then flying back.

Back in time. Back in years. And he was reliving what he had already lived. 


Years back


Somewhere in the middle of a vast field wiped of greenery, an aged man slowly pushed a cart of vegetables down the expanse. He was in his seventies, a Redling whose dense red fur was now missing steady patches, and streaked with white at spots. 

The man was travelling from a village hailing closeby. Traversing down places like these and enduring extremities of this planet, was all a well woven part of Elgars lifes routine. A routine of an easy going, simple layman. Elgar had spent his days as a vegetable vendor, pushing the same vegetable cart between these two villages, and crossing the desert in between. Aged as he was, many were surprised that he hadnt been dropped dead in the midst of crossing this desert, like the many other bodies Elgar was customary to witnessing as he waded down it. But despite his age, Elgars grit and his nerve had never failed him. And he knew they never would. 

He groaned as he pushed his cart forth down the unlevelled, sloping lands. The heat of the mid day sun washed over the land, unyielding. Elgar stopped for a mean moment, withdrew his hands from the cart and wiped a coating of sweat over his forehead. The barren region was hot enough without Elgars thick red fur adding to it. Hands on his hip, he stood gazing about the scene before him.

As he moved his gaze along the land before, his eyes paused on a sight which was not wholesomely unfamiliar to him  a dead body lying further down the right, carelessly over the rocky land. This was the third dead desert traveller he had treaded past today. A pack of cruel vultures were circling the body, pecking at it and tearing strips of flesh off it. Muttering a prayer, Elgar pushed his cart on. As he ploughed on down the unlevelled land, ignoring the weariness, every minute seemed to survive for an hour. Elgar kept himself occupied by humming a meek tune to himself, diverting his mind from the heaviness of his labour. 

The sloping land dipped in front of him, forcing him to clutch his cart tightly as he slid down it, before slowly climbing back along with it. As he reached the top of the slope, he could make out meek stubbles rising over the horizon. Smiling, he realised that he was almost at the end of the desert. A new vigour rising in him, he went on. 


Meanwhile, far behind him, lying lifeless over the barren land, was the dead body surrounded by vultures. 

This body had belonged to the one known as Zardin. 

__________


Hovering over where his body lay, fading from the world like a gentle breeze would after wafting through the sky, Zardin survived as a mere thread of consciousness. He could sense his surroundings as he floated above his body. The black hearted vultures were spiralling around, sinking their beaks into what had once been his vessel of life in this world. But no more. He was no longer a part of this world  He was only surviving as a mere shadow that would soon pass to the next world, a loose rope tied to this realm that would wear and break soon. His life had ended, and he was cast between a mere veil separating this world from the next. Anytime now, he would be gone for good

For it was time for him to leave. 

And now, with the end now upon him, Zardin felt his entire life run past him like a speed train. A life he had striven and ploughed through to reach nothing at all in the end. And now, as it ended, he was left with nothing at all  but pain and suffering. For that had been his life. And all of the agony of his days compressed into the present, crashing upon him like a tidal wave of grief and fury. He remembered everything that he had lived through, and realised that it had left him with nothing but pain. 

And all of it came from one reason. 

Zardin had been a mystic. 

And that had made life hell for him. He remembered his days, scurrying and fleeing from the authorities, and braving the world of pain that mystics faced. And he had faced and braved it all his life. And now, at the end, it had left him with nothing  nothing but grief and angst. And fury. 
 
As the veil separating the two worlds began to dissolve, Zardin could feel the tug of the next world slowly draw him off this one. He was moving  He was leaving. And at this final stage, as he relived the life he had known, he was left with nothing but grief and rage. And now, at this final hour, though it was beyond too late, he wanted just one thing

A second chance. 

A second chance at life. But not for himself  for the world. To show the world what he had been through, and to rage through it. To unleash his wrath upon this realm that had left him with so much grief. But he knew it was too late. Far too late

As everything around him blurred, he could sense the oncoming blanket of silence slowly cloak around him. The world he knew, along with the body which he had known, lying down on the ground, being pecked at by vultures  everything he knew was fading. Everything was melting back to the abyss from which it had all begun. 

And at the teetering final moment, as he passed on, Zardin sealed his vengeance with the one thought: if he had a chance, he would make this world pay.

And right then, as though in response  as though in reply, came a voice. A voice that rumbled with the force of a thousand avalanches. It shattered the peace and seemed to leave the entire world quaking along with it. 

Look towards me  Zardin.

Then, as the voice faded, silence settled over the realm again. But it wasnt the same silence he knew before  Zardin felt a sudden thrill of fear like nothing before. For he realised, as he floated in the abyss between life and death, that there was a strange, unknown presence  an unknown mind, attempting to communicate with him 

Zardin waited for a moment that could well have been an eternity in the endless abyss that he now found himself in. And then, very hesitantly, he probed the strange new entity that had arrived here by asking, Who  are you? Then, even more hesitantly, God?

The voice loosed out in a great rumble of laughter, and Zardin felt his being shrink inwardly at the colossal rage that the terrible voice seemed to contain within. The laughter died slowly, and the voice replied:

No  better. Much better.

__________


The voice was silent for a few seconds. And then it spoke again. 

I go by many names. But you may know me as  the creeper. it said. I am a person who cannot physically move, for I am crippled. And so, my body is grounded to where I now lay. But even from here, I can sense things and make contacts like I am now. And I can very meagerly influence the passing events. Very meagerly  for you see, I am a mystic. And though deprived physically, I can use my powers to sense the wanderings of others around me. And that was where I found you. 

The voice fell silent again, but something within it seemed to bubble with glee. I have seen your soul, Zardin  I can see everything that makes you who you are. And I know it. The desire that possesses you now, the terrible wrath, and the yearning for a second chance to release that wrath.

What do you want with me? asked Zardin. Im not even alive!

Silence lingered for a few seconds, before the voice broke out in another wave of laughter. 

Thats the very part Im here to change, my good man.

Everything within Zardin had gone temporarily jammed. What remained of his untethered consciousness had frozen in shock. 

Thats impossible. he said, breaking from the daze of what he had just heard. 

The voice shook the world in a low chuckle. Not to me, it isnt  with my mystical powers, it is very possible. I can transmit my powers to nurse your body to a livable condition again, and then I can infuse your untethered soul back to that body, so that you can live again. But the question looming  is do you want it?

Zardin considered what he was hearing from this strange new entity. He analysed the entire bizarre scenario, before slowly responding. 

There isnt a thing in the world I want more  there isnt a desire Ive had when alive, which has burned stronger in me, than this one now. The desire of revenge. I want to go back there  and I want to tear everything apart. I desire revenge. I desire carnage. Because that is the only means by which I can regain what I have lost. For life had taken everything from me, and given nothing back.

The voice let silence loom for a moment, before slowly saying, You and I are one of a kind, then. We are but the very same hatred living apart, and we share the very same wicked goal. And that was the very reason I had decided to save you. Because I sensed another with the very same goal that I nurse, and who carries the very same hatred for life as I have. And so, when I return you to life, I want you to do me this one favour. Find me and come to me. Join forces with me.

What are you saying? What will the two of us do, if I join you?

We are mystics, Zardin. Mystics who have chosen the path of hatred and destruction. For us, there is only one goal  We are going to finish what the great Redgarn started eight thousand years back. We will repay the worlds deserved share of pain. And that will give solace to our throbbing pains, and release them.

The creeper sent a vision, an image shooting through Zardins mind. And for the split second, Zardin saw the mans form where he was, through their present contact. He witnessed the mans form for a fleeting moment, before the vision faded. 

But why do you need me? Zardin asked. 

Because I am crippled in the current state, said the creeper, with a trace of fury in his voice. And I need your assistance as you need mine. I told you that I can influence events without physically being present there  thats because I cant be present there. And thats why I need you. I need you to find me, and to help liberate me from this crippled state. Then, together, we can move heaven and earth, and make everything ours. If you find me, you can help me the way I helped you  but finding me will be a journey of its own.

What do you mean?

This journey may take years. But like I said  at the very end of it, we will finish what Redgarn and the Xeni started eight thousand years back. That is our ultimate goal. But to reach it, there is a long road

Zardin was possessed by a sudden, mad sense of thrill. Very well  whatever it is, tell me what I need to do. And I will do it. And join you.

Good  first, after I awaken you, you need to find and join the order of the Xeni. I do not know where they are, but you need to join them, and learn their ways. You will need years to devote to learning the arts that Redgarn had left behind through his Xeni. But through your help, make them grow stronger. And when they have, lead them out of hiding and into the open. And then, undertake the quest of finding me. All else, I shall take care. Once we are united, you and I, we will unleash the wrath of the gods themselves upon this realm.

It was a moment unlike any other Zardin had experienced his entire life  a moment of gleaming clarity, mixed with triumph. For he now realised the very purpose of it all. His very purpose. And it had, at long last, found him

I wont fail you

As he said it, the entire realm of silence and peace was suddenly rent  And he felt himself sucked out of the abyss he was now in with the force of a vacuum pump. 


And the next instant, the dead body lying on the desert floor below sprang back to life, sitting upright. The vultures surrounding and pecking at the body rose and soared off hastily. 

Zardin turned his head around, trying to look all around him. 

But he couldnt see. 

What is this? As he brought his trembling hands over his eyelids  he found that there was nothing underneath them. The vultures had pecked his eyes out as well. Leaving empty sockets, devoid of vision.  Im  blind.

He sat there for many seconds, motionless, gaping about his surroundings. But there was nothing more that could be done  his eyes were lost. 

Slowly, Zardin raised his hands, running them over the skin of both arms. It felt lifeless and dry, and he could make out that the colour of his skin was now a dull pale. As his tongue tasted the insides of his mouth, he saw that his teeth were no longer the normal set of teeth. They were sharp, razor like and pointed. And his fingernails were sharpened to a dagger like state as well

As he had promised, the creeper had used his powers to heal Zardins body, to render it capable of holding life again. But in the process, he had made other, slight alterations to him as well. Alterations that added a terrifying effect to his body: he was now a pale skinned, eyeless man with knife sharp teeth and nails. Zardin had a very faint suspicion that the creeper had done it to him on purpose.

And for that one reason  I like it. 

Trying very slowly, he pushed himself upright, staggering in the fumbling darkness all over him. But in the absence of sight, his hearing and other senses had been sharpened manifold. After a minute or so, he was on his feet, swaying slightly in the effort of it. The heat of the desert seemed to now cloak his flesh with a new fury, in the keener sense of touch he now had. 

Despite being unable to see, Zardin could feel the world around him glow with a newfound beauty. And despite the darkness around him, a radiating light ignited him from within. 

The light of understanding

For he now understood the true value of the gift that he held, the gift of life. And the gift of time. Every moment that ticked past held a treasure in his eyes, a treasure that nothing in this world, no amount of riches, could garner  a treasure he knew he would not waste. For this was a life he would not waste. This was the life that he would utilise to return everything that the previous one had given him. To return all of the misery to the world. 

And he knew what he now needed to do 

Without wasting another breath, Zardin stormed down the desert lands. His mind was now ablaze like never before 

In any other circumstance, his lack of eyesight would have been the greatest blow possible to him. It would have left him crippled, senseless, powerless. But in this circumstance, his lack of outer vision was absolutely no hindrance. For he had a far more deadly vision. Inner vision. He now saw the world through renewed eyes. He now saw his life with renewed eyes. The experience of facing death, and then being rewarded a second chance  it transformed him. It shook him, and it showed him the true reality of the world. It now showed him that every passing moment was a gift he could not waste this time. Life would not wait  Life took no excuses.

And so, seized by an iron hard resolve, he swept aside everything, all hindrances, all pains and all excuses, and moved onward. Towards the goal of his new life. With a parching thirst in his soul. 

It took him a few painful months to find the Xeni. But when he found them, he saw that they were a meek shadow, weakened and almost powerless. But Zardin had come to change that  and so, he sealed himself with the Xeni. 

Devoting everything he had to learning their ways, he lived with them and learned the darkest arts of mans mind. He drank everything they had to teach him, his thirst unquenchable. And under the time he spent with them, his mystical powers grew exponentially. He was beginning to morph to become one of the most powerful dark mystics they had ever known. And soon, he emerged as a man with powers unlike anything seen before. He had completed his training with the Xeni, and had climbed to the heights of power they could offer him. His lack of eyesight was insignificant now: for he now bore powers that allowed him to sense his surroundings, and perceive them to the finest clarity possible, in his mind. 

And so, having finished his training with them, Zardin completed the first step. He then proceeded with the next. 

He led the Order of Xeni to new heights of power. They were, at the time, weakened and diminished. But Zardin strove to make them stronger than ever. He sought out and found countless stay mystics who were willing to join them. He garnered the support of others who saw eye to eye with the Xenis goal, and decided to devote themselves to their cause. 

But Zardin took their cause many steps further. He sought out the support and friendship of other allies, more deadly allies. These werent mystics. They werent even men  But they were creatures who shared the same devious goal that they had

Zelgron.  

He made an alliance with Carcasar. He gained the support of the Zelgron warlord, along with all of the monstrous creatures that came under his command.

And under Zardins supreme leadership, the Order of Xeni swelled steadily with power. He bolstered their strength, allowing them to mount to all new levels. And then, with the Xeni having reached a new height of power, Zardin brought them out of hiding. Just as the creeper had asked. 

And now, the final step of their journey awaited 


The present


The final step

Zardin sat there in the darkness of the cave, his mind now in the grip of purpose like nothing before. The entire journey, from when he had been contacted by the creeper, to now  the entire journey zoomed past his head a second time. He had met the creeper years back, and had been given this mission by him. And Zardin had carried forth in the mission to this day. He had done everything as he had been told. And today, at long last, he was nearing it. He was nearing the end of the goal that the crippled mystic had entrusted him years back. He was closer to finding and liberating the creeper than ever before. He had left Zardin the mission of finding and joining him, after which they would together finish what the Order of Xeni started eight millennia back. And nobody at all would be able to stand in their way  once he found the creeper, and once they were united, Zardin knew nothing could stand before them. 

He revelled in the glory of the thought for a few moments 

Everything they had done, starting from the attack at Mech facility at Tansof, to the cruiser attack, and the kidnapping of the Naxim official Derigor  All of it had been done with the goal of reaching the creeper. Zardin didnt know where the dark mystic was, and he knew that finding him would be a task of its own. The creeper was undoubtedly unable to move by himself, and had no precise knowledge of his own location either. And so, it was solely upto him to find him and reach him. And all that he had done till now, the series of events that had triggered such panic in the spectrum, had been done with the aim of finding the location of the dark mystic, so that he could reach him. And conclude this journey at long last

And Zardin knew that the end was here. Closer than it seemed. 

Very soon now, Derigor, who was lying tied up somewhere in this very cave right now, would aid them with finding the last piece and they would then be able to find the creeper. 

Zardin stroked his chin absently with a long fingernail, while his idle mind continued to wander. Along the course of this journey, he had taken the Xeni to a new height. Their allies had grown greatly and terribly thanks to him  and today, they were ready for it. Ready for this final step, after which the entire realm would be theirs. 

A slight flicker of irritation arose within him, as he remembered an event from a few hours back. 

I tried to make a new ally  but this one was not what I had thought.
	
He dug his hand into his cloak pocket and withdrew a crumpled piece of paper. Unfolding it, he stared into the poster of the most wanted criminal, an assassin, in this spectrum. A terrible face with glowing red eyes. But Zardin knew that this was no more than a boy. A boy going by the name, Ion. 

An interest specimen. he thought, amused. 

Upto this day, Zardin had tracked down and gone after mystics whom he believed, qualified to join them. Who were driven by the same vicious forces that the Xeni lived to serve. And this boy was one of them. 

After identifying a potential candidate for their order, Zardin would first go into a small study about the person. Learn everything there was about them and their life. He had his sources, through which he could garner information about other peoples pasts  and their personalities. And see them for truly who they were. And only then, only when satisfied with what he saw in them, would he go on to find and recruit them. 

But Ions case had been different: after finding this poster, Zardin had taken a personal interest in this criminal  a dreaded, most wanted criminal. He had gone into an indepth research into the boys past. And everything in his life, that had shaped him to what he saw in the poster. He had learned how the boy suffered greatly due to the Naxims cruelty. How he had been tortured for years, how he had lost his family  and how it had all propelled him into an evil, brutal life. The life of a cold blooded killer. 

Zardin had learned all of it through the many terrorist and criminal organisations that the Xeni bore ties with. The many terrorist and criminal organisations whom Ion had worked for during his days as an assassin  including Grandos terror organisation. 

And so, through all the boys earlier clients, Zardin had learned everything about the boy  delved into the very interesting past he had. 

And as he did, he found something very unnatural.

They were similar. The two of them. 

He had found a genuine fascination to this boy. A genuine liking. And so, just hours back, when Ion had appeared in the Naxims radar, Zardin knew the time had come to act: He sent one of his men, Xare, to find the boy and get him to join the Xeni. But the Nyon had gotten there first. And the boy had joined them instead. 

He was now one of them  an enemy. 

Ions life as an assassin brought great fascination in Zardin  but more than his time as an assassin, it was the end of his time as an assassin that caused the greatest  fascination in him. The event that ended his streak as a cold blooded killer. 

It was an event that would undoubtedly have tormented the boy ever since. Zardin almost felt sorry for the boy when he had learnt it. 

Almost. 

Zardin crumpled the poster and stuffed it back into his pocket. He then rose to his feet, turned and strode back into the dark abyss of the cave. 

__________


Millions of miles away, a young man with orange eyes and red hair stood gazing out of a window in the Nyon temple. 

Ion was hardly paying attention to Mantra and the other two as they guided him through a tour of the structure. He was preoccupied with a silent struggle that was taking place within him. 

A struggle he had been facing for two years now. 

A struggle with his own memories  memories he wished he never had in the first place. 

But of all the gruesome memories from his earlier dark life, it was that one memory that hadnt spared him  hadnt let him go. 

The memory that came at the very end of it all.  

For two years now, it hadnt let him go  and it never would for the rest of his life.


	Two years ago


Night stretched over the realm like a vast, star strewn blanket, and a tingling chill was left to spread over the air. Here, in the Igrac hills that was somewhere in the middle of the planet Enro, the cold aura about the place at night was nothing short of ordinary.

The hills sprouted over the land in various heights ranging from mere stubbles to towering mountains. With stout, shapeless plateaus sitting amidst them. The moon and the stars together shone down, leaving a feeble blue glow upon the ground below. 

Ion scratched his neck with one hand, the other one holding a crumpled bit of paper. He let his narrowed eyes wander over the entire scene before him, surveying it closely. His cloak rippled in the gentle breeze as he stood here in the middle of the hilly expanse.

He unrolled the paper held in his hand and let his eyes run down it slowly, reading it for the tenth or so time. The paper containing the details of his next target, the vigilante whom which Grando wanted him to hunt down. 

The mans identification, as in the case of most of Ions targets, if not all, was unknown. All that was known of the vigilante was that he wore an iron mask and a black fur coat. He happened to utilise a range of weapons, all of them high on the techno scale, varying from electro guns to gas bombs. He was a master in stealth and precision, a well trained spy who had managed to infiltrate their bases for short spans as technicians or other low level workers, before taking the entire base down. 

Grandos intelligence network had managed to uncover that this guy was working alone, secretly trying to target and bring down terrorist organisations bit by bit.  Grandos secret head base was his prime target and Grando was assured that the guy would make a trip there soon enough, if not put a stop to. And that was where Ion, the master hunter/ assassin known in the field, came to place. 

Ion had set forth on this hunt a few days ago, after a days rest following the previous one. He had managed to get a very faint string of clues to lead him to this place, where the attacker was last spotted in a nearby town in a security camera. The cameras also recorded him hiking off into the hilly region on his bike. And so, Ion had happened to drop by here to have a date with this mysterious vigilante. A killing date. 

His keen eyesight sharpened the landscape around him, which was pitched in far detailed accuracy that to any other ordinary person. 

He took in a deep breath, before strolling down the lands, his ears and senses kept peeled in high alert. He knew the slightest sound or movement from any stray traveller anywhere closeby would fall to his grasp immediately. And his target, unfortunately for him, was no mystic to sense Ion approaching from nearby. All Ion needed was to manage to wander close to wherever the vigilante was now. If he did, everything else would be taken care of with the help of his shadow like stealth: he would creep upto the target without even letting him know, and then slit him by the throat. 

But he frowned, remembering that Grando preferred this target alive. He had wanted to torture the brat who had given him so much trouble, before putting him out of his misery. And Ion thought, savagely, that he would like to watch this as well. Torturing non mystics had been something of a delicious leisure activity for him. And who better to torture than his own targets  for whom he would get handsomely paid as well.

He strode down the land with a measured pace, a cat like softness in his steps. To somebody standing closeby, he might have looked like a shadow left to run loose without an owner. He trotted down the place for a few minutes, passing hill after hill, and even climbing over a few of them to scan the entire lands below with a higher and wider view. But he saw no one for miles around. But just because he didnt see them, it didnt mean someone couldnt be lurking about the shadows, beyond his range of sight. 

He continued to plough up and forth the hills, his ears kept pinched for the meanest whisper of sound anywhere around him. Half an hour or so passed fruitlessly, leaving his hopes to dwindle.

Almost giving up, Ion took a seat on a rock outside the opening of a small cave at the foot of the hills, wiping the cold sweat from his brow.

Guess I was wrong.  he thought. Hes probably left this place by now. 

He realised now that there was quite a very slim chance that his target was still roaming somewhere around here. A spark of anger arose within him: he now realised he had to start all over again, tracking down this guy from scratch again. 

Great! 

Just as he rose and headed down the land grumpily, he froze, his ears twisting. Going sharp like an Elflings. His gaze slowly travelled across and stalled at the entrance of the cave before him 

Was he imagining it?  Or did his ears just sense the faintest of movements from inside of that cave? Letting his jaw fall slightly, he stood there with a rigid stillness, blocking everything else out from his mind. As the seconds scrolled by, he heard it again  movement inside of that cave. And with it came the undisputable movement of cloth as well. 

Ions heart halted as a glimmer of hope found his vision. Was there really someone inside that cave now? Because if there was, Ion knew it had to be none other than his target. The vigilante. He stalled his racing hopes or a second, wondering briefly if he was, in his over enthusiasm, imagining things. 

Well, only one way to find out 

Ion warily moved by the side of the rock, laying his back against it. Stopping for a quick, steadying breath, he slowly slid his hand over his sword handle. And he moved in towards the entrance with his back still plastered to the wall so that, if there really was someone within, they wouldnt see him entering. 

__________


Ion had guessed right: there really was someone inside of that cave. The man stood still at the deep end of the dark place, gazing at the opposite wall. He never heard the red haired mystic boy who slowly slipped into the cave from the other side, slowly creeping towards him from the opening. Completely unaware of it, the man stood where he was, gazing into the gloom. 

The large cave was split into a few other corridor like passages, all of which were immersed in darkness. The place was much larger than it appeared, and at the end of the large giant spread, the man kicked a stone out of his way, unaware that the sound was picked up from the bounty hunter drawing in from the caves entrance far behind him, now was slowly making his way down

__________


Ion felt his every nerve in his body draw a sharp tenseness, as he slowly crept on down the large cave. The man standing at the far end was undoubtedly his target. He could sense it. He skulkily crossed half the distance, his nerves tingling in anticipation. He was now less than a few metres from his target, who stood with his hands behind his back, lazily kicking stones out his way. 

The vigilantes black robe allowed him to meld right into the darkness around him. But he did not to go unnoticed to Ions extra sharp vision: he could make out the mans outline, as he turned and slowly walked across the cave, his black silhouette seeming to ripple in the dark as he moved. Ion continued to soundlessly sneak deeper into the cave. His target kicked a stone off his way as he turned and strode to the right. 

Then, in seconds, Ion was less than ten feet from him. His sword was gripped tight in his hand, and he felt a cruel smile curve his lips at the thought that this was going to be far too easy.

Finally, sensing the unwanted presence which had crept into his company, the man in the black robe slowly turned and faced Ion. 

Carcasar stared at the red haired boy standing feet from him, feeling a daze break over him. He tilted his head slightly. As the daze passed, a heavy sense of intrigue found him. 

Ion felt his head tilt as well, as he realised that something was wrong: this was not the vigilante he had come after. If his sharp vision relayed correctly  this wasnt a man at all. 

Youre one of a kind, arent you? Carcasar thought to himself, as he surveyed the man being in front of him. Walking right into us  something this nice hasnt happened to us in years.

 Who the hell are you?  Ion asked, bewildered.

I, Carcasar felt his lips part in a smile.  am your gateway to eternal sleep.

And then, through the many corridors splitting the cave, Ion heard it  a group of unworldly, ghastly howls. And then the distinct thudding of a bunch of footsteps running reached Ion from the corridors of the cave around him. He twisted around and saw them burst out of the corridors from all sides, surging like an oncoming tide right towards him 

Zelgron 

His insides going frigid in horror, he turned back to the one standing right in front. Whose dreadful smile stretched longer. 

I dont know or care who you are, Carcasar said softly. why you came here, or what you wanted to find  but you have many thanks from all of us: because youre the reason dinners served.

As the entire bustle of monsters came exploding from the inner chambers of the cave, Carcasar made a leap towards the boy in front, his arms spread forward, his long, dreadful claws waiting to sink into flesh. But the boy moved faster than Carcasar had imagined possible: he jumped backwards with a spring in his motion. Just missing Carcasars outstretched arm by inches. Missing his target, Carcasar hit the ground. As he climbed back to his feet, he saw the boy holding a sword, its blade portion lit in a bright orange that left steam to escape around it. 

That explains it. thought Carcasar as he righted himself. Hes a mystic  but weve butchered stronger mystics than you, Pal. 

As he lunged again, the boys sword flashed wildly before him  He had slashed it across the air.

And the skin on Carcasars face blazed with pain as the tip of the sword scraped across it. The sword had slashed across one of his eyes. Carcasar stumbled, erupting with a scream of agony.

My eye!!

Pain and rage stormed him as he stood there with a hand over his punctured eye, his other hand flailing madly. Without wasting another second, he threw himself forth at the boy, aiming to tear his face out.

And this time, he found target

Ion gasped loudly as the monsters nails dug into the side of his face, squeezing  Every other thought wiped from his mind, he wrapped both arms around the creature, and hurled across the cave. Towards the tide of Zelgron that came surging at him. The creature crashed into his brethren, and all of them were sent stumbling and falling in a wave impact. 

Taking the split second advantage, Ion turned and tore across the entire caves distance. Behind him, the swath of Zelgron had steadied themselves and were raging at him again in full fury 

The fresh nights air filled Ions lungs as he pelted right out the exit of the cave. Behind, the Zelgron came pouring out of the cave, hot on his heels. Their unearthly screams split the night. 

__________


Meanwhile, standing atop of a short hill closeby was a lone figure robed in a thick brown cloak  watching the hysteria down below. 

Vestra watched the red haired boy being chased by the horde of Zelgron, and a pang of sympathy found her. She would have tried helping him. But she knew it was completely pointless: the monsters raging behind the boy would catch up with him in seconds and tear him apart  She couldnt possibly get him out of this mess. 

He was as doomed as he looked 

__________


Ion raced wildly down the land, dodging and leaping over stray hurdles coming in his path. The unlevelled, sloping terrain was the one major setback for Ion, but it was an advantage for those monsters, who had clearly been adapted to this. 

He twisted his head back for a quick glance: 

The Zelgron swept over the sloping lands like a wave of bodies. Their arms were flailed in rage, and their maddened howls filled the air. They were less than twenty metres apart, with the distance closing steadily. 

As Ion turned his head back, his vision caught something in front that made his eyes go wide. But it was too late: there was a rock on his path, dead ahead of his feet. And in his senseless speed, he had come too close to it to stop, or change course on time  The rock enlarged in his vision, slowly, dramatically, as he flew close to it. And then, before he had registered, he was airborne: he had tripped over the rock, and was sailing forward gracefully in the force of his speed. He felt his body soar over the air in slow motion 

Stars exploded before his eyes as he crashed over the ground. His body flowed on over the land, rolling forth at the speed of his landing. As he came to a stop, Ion mustered all his strength and picked himself up. But even as he did, he knew it was of no use: the wave of savage creatures had reached him  even as Ion raised his sword, the wave of creatures together lunged at him

__________


The lone figure atop the nearby hill watched quietly. Vestra wore a helpless look as she gazed down from where she was. 

Down below, the red haired boy had been caught up by the Zelgron. The tide of monsters had now swallowed him 

The boys sword spun about at Godspeed, trying in devastated vain to slash through the Zelgron all around him. The monsters threw themselves over him mercilessly, clawing, slashing and tearing at every bit of his skin they could find. The boy fought their onslaught off valiantly. But it was of no use  she knew he was finished.

__________


Ion swung his sword violently all around him, slicing down the creatures engulfing the space all around him. But the monsters claws had breached his swords spinning defense and laid faint slashes across his robe, and over the first layer of his skin. He knew he would not withstand them for long now: soon, they would have ripped him apart whole. 

One of them cast a seething rip on Ions arm with his long claws. A deep gash that seemed to boil within his flesh, leaving blood to trickle down his sleeves. The pain of the deep wound stretched like a fiery tongue over his arm, causing Ion to go off focus 

As he faltered, one of the beasts landed over him from behind  and sank his jaws into his shoulder. Ion gave a throat wrenching scream that was drowned in the roars of the beasts around him. His shoulder spurting blood, with his other arm gashed, he felt his grip on his sword slacken. As his body landed on the cold hard ground, a dull blackness cropped into the edges of his vision 

The Zelgron surrounded him, waiting to sink their jaws into his flesh  and then a voice bellowed, HOLD IT!

The Zelgron around Ion stopped and raised their heads. The howling, roaring of the entire horde suddenly died down. The monsters came to a stall, forming a wide circle around Ion, who was beginning to feel the world grow fuzzy. A pair of footsteps thudded towards him, and one of the Zelgron arrived before Ion, bending down. 

Carcasar looked up and down Ions weakened, bloody form, pausing at the parts where hed been scarred. He then threw his head back and laughed. It was a horrific, rasping noise, which made it look like it was scraped off the dead skin of his throat. Bending down, Carcasar clenched one hand around Ions neck, his voice a bare whisper. 

No, you will not have a quick exit, not for this, He pointed to the scar Ions sword had cast over his face, damaging one eyeball. Well take you back to the cave, and well show you the true meaning of pain, you filthy man being. He turned to the Zelgron around, and commanded: 

Carry him back to the cave!

His thoughts now close to blankness, Ion could do nothing but lie there, helpless, as the Zelgron stepped into the circle, lifted his body off, and slowly carried it down the way 

Stripped of the energy needed to fight the agony of his wounds, Ion felt the lights of the world around grow dim, fuzzy  and before the Zelgron even reached the cave to torture him, he was floating away.

Ions last thought was a fleeting glimpse of home. 

Marion. Selia. Eol
	
He was going home. 

And then, unconsciousness blanketed him.

__________


Vestra felt a sudden flicker of surprise as she watched what was going on: she had expected the Zelgron to kill the boy on the spot. But for some reason, they seemed to be carrying him back to the cave alive. And as she watched it, a sudden urge arose within her  The urge to help. 

For now it seemed the Zelgron were going to save the boy for later on  and so, there was a chance to save him. 

For a moment, Vestra stood with an unnatural stillness, watching as the limp body of the boy was carried off towards the cave. And then, her brow contracted in a sharp frown as she made her decision. So be it, then 

With a deep breath, she bounded off down the hill  towards the cave where the Zelgron were marching.

__________


As Carcasar and the others of the horde approached the entrance of the cave, they found it blocked by a brown cloaked person who stood before the entrance. Carcasar held his hand up, and the entire horde drew to a stop. He strode forward slowly, going closer towards whoever it was that stood blocking their cave, and stopped ten metres before him. With a closer look, he found that it was a girl.

Vestra let her eyes drill into Carcasar for a quiet moment, before speaking in a steady, steelen voice: Put down the body and leave.

Carcasar blinked, feeling that this day had just lost bounds in its level of surprises. 

Whats this? Were having a second guest for this meal, are we? Carcasar beckoned to the body carried over behind. I presume youd like to join him? Thats twice the fun for us.

Put  down  the body, repeated the girl in a slower tone. And leave.

Or else, what? demanded Carcasar. 

The girl continued to bore into him with her black eyes. And she said, Maybe if youre unlucky enough  Ill let you find out.

Carcasar threw his head back and filled the air with the terrifying sound of his laughter. Behind him, the rest of his brethren were beginning to growl and inch forward, their eyes fixed hungrily on a new target.

You know what? asked Carcasar. I think 

But before he knew it, there was sudden, blurry motion eclipsing everything in front, and he found himself thrown backwards, soaring over the air. The rest of the Zelgron crumpled and fell over each other as he smashed into them, causing a ripple among the entire tide. 

Before Carcasar could straighten up again, the girl gave another flick of her hand. The boys body went soaring off the Zelgrons hands who were heaving him, and came to land right before her feet. She slung his unconscious body over her shoulder and shot off into the night
	
With a roar of rage, Carcasar drew straight and plunged into a race after her. The girl was dizzyingly fast, even with the weight of the boy slung over her. With thrice the agility of a cat, she bounded forth over the lands, leaping and lunging over obstacles and hurtling out of their reach. 

His insides bristling with a rage, Carcasar shot after her. He propelled himself forth mindlessly, sprinting over the hilly, sloping terrain after the girl. But the girl was slipping out of view, her mystical speed unhampered. 

Carcasar finally trotted to a stall when the distance between him and the girl had climbed to well over a hundred metres. Feeling wrath like nothing his whole life rise within him, he pointed a long nailed finger to where the blur of his target  the girl and the boy carried over her  were growing smaller and meeker, disappearing. 

Youve marked an enemy, he said, feeling the fury simmering in his own voice. And a deadly one. Hope with all your heart that we dont meet again. His voice went lower. Because if we do


8




Everything seemed to spin about in a groggy whirl. Nothing made sense, except for the dangerous absence of reason, and logic. An endless blankness enveloped the entire world, and Ion along with it. 

And then, a blurry trickle of lights occurred, and slowly, shapes formed out of the gloom. A peaceful tune seemed to pierce the grogginess, giving direction  a tune of serenity, beauty. 

Ion felt himself lying on a soft surface. And hovering above him, blurry, and yet clear, was a figure  was it an angel?

And as the blur cleared, his vision met the most beautiful thing he had ever seen his entire life.

Ive healed most of your wounds. the girl said. She had long, jet black hair tied in a ponytail. He couldnt tell which species she belonged to, unable to make out any distinguished features. Her skin was a light brown colour, and her black eyes gazed concernedly at him from the side of where he lay. She was holding what looked to be a strange, sponge like cloth which was half dipped in a bowl containing a thick greenish liquid. An unmistakable herbal substance. 

Twisting his neck slightly, Ion saw that he was lying on a straw mat placed on a grass surface. The familiar, black spread that was the night sky prevailed overhead. 

Ion looked at the foot of the cot he lay, where a warm looking, aged woman stood. 

Youre lucky this young woman here brought you to me in time.  She flicked her gaze towards the girl by Ions side, who nodded absently as she stirred the herbal substance with her cloth. Or else The aged woman shuddered. No other healer wouldve been able to help you.

Youre a Ion strained to form words out of his cracked voice. healer?

Lucky for you that I am. chuckled the aged woman. Whatever it was that happened to you, it was the nastiest Ive seen in a while. Id rather not know how it happened, but lets agree not to do it again, shall we, son?

She trotted away, and Ion craned his neck harder to find that he was in a vast green field. And a large number of more straw mattresses lay spread well over the field, with ailed and wounded lying on them. There were about four of five more healers, all of them aged as the woman was, tending to them. They were clearly overworked with the number of sickened and wounded victims to tend to, and were moving hurriedly from patient to patient, trying to patch them all up. 

Far out on the distance, a cluster of hut like buildings could be seen, along with a glimmer of orange lights between them. They were in a village. Ion guessed that this was the nearest village to where hed been. The girl dampened the cloth in the bowl of herbal substance, and smeared it on the large red gash stretching across his right arm. A cool sensation spread across the ghastly wound. The herbal liquid brought a soothing relief to the aching, searing wound. 

Ion craned his head and found that most of the cuts and gashes in his body had been healed, except for the deeper ones. After applying the paste of herbal liquid, the girl produced a thick white cloth and wrapped his right arm, and the deep gash over it, with the cloth. It was thick and cushioned, fully concealing the deep wound, which seared like fire when he moved it. It wasnt fully healed. But Ion was alive  and that was indeed much to be grateful for.

Ion looked up at the girl, feeling a loss for words. You  saved my life.

The girl paused and fixed him with her tender black eyes. The depth within them seemed to absorb him for a moment. A faint smile came across her lips as she nodded. 

Youre lucky I chanced past that place, when it happened. 

Ions thoughts rolled back to the event that came right before this. The dreadful, horrific memory. For a fleeting second the zombie like, terrifying beasts flashed before his mind again, life like. Dementing.  

He felt slightly dazed at how close his escape from the jaws of death had just been

And yet, it was. He had been saved. By nothing short of a miracle.  

He turned to the girl, frowning. But  how?

She looked around her, slightly wary, then bent closer to him and whispered, You happen to be talking to a mystic.

Youre  a mystic? Ions eyes widened very mildly: this would have been quite surprising in another, normal, pleasant circumstance. But now, it seemed to roll beneath the weight of his hideous escape from death. 

The girl nodded. And I know youre one too.

You do? asked Ion. How come?

She lowered her voice even more, bending closer to him by the side. I saw you fighting them off  Carcasar and the Zelgron. I was in a nearby hill.

And you fought them all off to save me? asked Ion, raising an eyebrow.

It was easier than it sounds.

Ion gaped at her for a second, as a strange, warm emotion welled within him. An emotion he couldnt rightly place. She risked her life to save mine. He blinked and lay back against the mattress. He realised, all of a sudden, what the emotion was

Gratitude. True and unselfish.

It came from a side of him hed forgotten for a while now. Ever since he joined Vonayz and the assassin crew. A side he thought he had shed  But he now realised that side was still very much within him, alive. 

Ion turned his head to gaze at the girl sitting by his side again, and she gave him a comforting smile. 

Hang on for a while. she said, preparing to get to her feet. Ill get back to you.

Wherere you going?

She looked around her, and let her voice fall soft again. 

The healers cant handle all these patients by themselves. Cant you see they could use some help?

Ions mind worked on what hed heard for a second longer, before abandoning its attempt to find sense in it. So?

The girl gave him an incredulous look. So? Im a mystic, arent I? Am I just gonna sit here and let my powers go to waste? Not when people need my help!

And she rose and strode off, bending down over a patient in a mattress closeby, who seemed to be deathly ill, with strange blue skin. 

Ion let his jaw hang slightly as he gazed at the girl, who secretly used subtle mystic healing tactics to help the patients mattress after mattress, moving through them quiet and unnoticed. Helping them silently.

A part of Ion felt a growing disconcertedness. Something was wrong, right? How could somebody want to help people this way, completely unconditionally  completely selflessly? Hadnt Ion learned beyond a doubt that this world was but cruel and soulless?  That it had nothing of this strange, selfless element he was witnessing now? He felt the monster within him growl angrily, the monster that believed that this spectrum deserved the cold treatment he gave it, for it was no warmer  But as his eyes lay fixed on the girl, watching her help the patients, he felt something more powerful slowly awaken within him. Something infinitely more powerful. And for that split second, the killer raging within him went mute in submission to another voice.

A long lost voice. 

Marion and Selias words of wisdom replayed at the back of his mind, as a long lost echo. Words that reminded him of the need for selflessness and nobility in this world.

But the swell of emotion was instantly blocked out by another violent crash of rage.

Theyre gone! he screamed to himself, wanting to tear his insides out. Theyre all gone, arent they!

Marion and Selia  his parents who had taught him to be kind and selfless  where had they ended up? 

And Eol  his brother, his innocent, noble hearted brother  where had he ended up?

They were all gone. 

The blast of fury shook his insides. And he felt a renewed urge to throttle every other living person his eyes fell on, to rip every man he saw around him limb to limb  and to tear everyones throat out

Hey, Im back.

He whirled his head and found himself staring into those beautiful black eyes again. And as the girls eyes, with their endless depths absorbed him, Ion felt the storm of fury vaporise instantly within him. 

She sat cross legged beside him, and bent down with another swift look around.

Now, tell me. What business did you go seeking with those creatures for?

Ion scowled, half unable to remember himself. Then, slowly, he realised that he had been looking for his assassination target. The strange vigilante who Grando had wanted him to track down and bring back for him. 

The girl, who had been looking at him with a slightly stern look, shook her head. Look, you may be a mystic, but you should know better than to go looking for trouble. There are things in this world that arent to be tampered with. And the Zelgron are one of them. Carcasar is one you shouldnt mess with

Carcasar? asked Ion. 

The warlord of the Zelgron. she answered. The one whose eye you gashed.

Ions jaw lowered. That things got a name?

That things got more than just a name. Its got a horrible fury. A quiet shudder crossed her. Carcasar never forgets a target, never. And for what you did, youre definitely going to be in his hitlist  I suggest you watch your back.

Ion sat even higher, ignoring the stiffness clutching the muscles of his back. Youre saying  hes gonna be  after me or something?

The girls look grew fazed for a moment as she thought. I wont pretend to know  but he wont forget you.

Ion suddenly felt something he had never imagined he would feel his entire life. Dread 

By the sound of things, he had made himself a marked enemy with the warlord who commanded them, the Zelgron.

He turned to the girl, who was gazing at him with a scent of the previous concern in her deep black eyes. As if sensing his fears, she gave a warm smile and said, Look, believe me, there are far better things in this world to be afraid of than facing something youve already faced.

Hows it you came by there, when they were attacking me? he asked the girl, frowning. 

I was just crossing by, from a nearby village. she answered. 

Ion raised an eyebrow. Odd to find a mystic at a place like this, in the inner spectrum. What were you doing there? 

I dont live here. I was just here for a mission.

A mission? repeated Ion. 

The girl scanned her surroundings again, looking slightly reluctant. With a sigh, she said, You see, Im a part of a group of, She paused, searching for the right words. A group of  crime fighters, you can say.

Crime fighters? asked Ion.
 
Mystic crime fighters.

Ion stared. You mean  youre a part of a group of mystics who  fight crime?

The girl inclined her head for a moment, looking wondrous. Well, yes  I cant tell you exactly what we are.

Ion felt the words elude him, as he tried to describe the sheer madness of this new twist in the world. But  why?

The girl stared at him, confused. Why? she chuckled. Why what?

Ion shook his head, feeling the onslaught of the past rush back again. The memories of everything. Everything hed lost.

This world, He gazed about at the wide field, which was now sinking to a new quiet around them. Hates us. And its given us nothing but pain. misery. And youre telling me that there are mystics who actually fight for it? To protect it? This cruel world?

The girl continued to gaze at him, her look slowly transforming from confusion to disbelief. 

The only way to heal a cruel world is with compassion and love. she said softly. Not hatred.

If only you knew, Ion felt his teeth grit as he spoke. if only you knew my pain  and the fact that it was all because of this soulless world! Because the peoples inability to accept us was the reason I lost everything. This inhumane world deserves nothing better than what it gave me.

The girl gave a gentle shake of her head.

Youre making a big mistake by thinking anger and hatred can amend the things we hate. she said. If anything, anger and hatred turn us into the very people we hate 

There was a trace of warmth in her voice as she spoke. Ion turned around and looked at her, feeling a less discernable emotion: he had half expected his outburst to repulse her and get her to storm off. But she still sat there, consoling him  and as she watched him, Ion thought he saw something stir within the depths of that serene pair of eyes. Sympathy 

Ion held her gaze for a moment. And then another

And then, without warning, he burst into the entire story.

The whole story. Of how hed been snatched from his home at the age of five. Of how his brother Eol, though innocent, had also been condemned and killed because of it. Of how hed endured years of misery in the Naxim office. Years of torment and torture. And of how hed returned to find his parents graves the only thing remaining of his shattered family  How hed resorted to joining the assassins, to repay this world, to exact vengeance on the world responsible for tearing his family apart.

The girl listened to him closely. She appeared to be breathing in his emotions as he spoke, his pain 

When Ion was finished revealing the entire story, he felt his eyes sting. 

He almost felt as though he had re lived it  and it was the same feeling he had felt standing before his parents grave after leaving the Naxim station  it took him to the verge of tears.

The girl was watching him closely, and there was nothing changed in her concerned look. Drawing in a deep breath, she asked in a soft voice, Whats your name?

Ion.

She stretched out a hand and patted Ion gently on the back. 

Youre not alone, Ion. she said. Weve all faced what youre going through. Its called life.

I somehow doubt it. snapped Ion. Nobody would have survived what I went through.

Vestra shook her head. I dont deny it. Nobody would have. But we all face our dark phases in life. If youre facing a darker phase that anyone else, it just means theres going to a brighter dawn at the end.

There is no dawn  not for me. Ion thought bitterly. The light had left my world the day I was freed from the Naxim station.

Ion stared across the green field, watching the healers prepare to pack up and leave for the day. Half of the patients were dozing on their straw mats. 

When I was younger, the girl said. I used to wonder why theres so much suffering in our world. So much pain. Evil. Why, I used to ask myself, were we put here  in a world which brims with chaos?

Ion slowly turned his head to look at her.

Surely there had to be a reason for it, right? she went on. Surely there was an explanation for the suffering in our world  what was the meaning in our living in a world filled with so much pain?

I ask myself that everyday. said Ion, scowling. Still havent found it. 

Well, I have. A soft smile touched her lips. And its an answer weve all known deep own   all along. 

She turned and looked over the wide green field, and the dozing patients on the mattresses, a majority of whom she had healed. The pain in this world is the reason were here, Ion. because were the ones meant to stop it. Were put in an imperfect world, so that we can make it perfect. Were thrust into a world with suffering for the purpose of erasing the pain, and giving it happiness. Because in the end, it isnt what you ask of life  its what life asks of you, that matters.

Ion was momentarily transfixed. He watched her for a few silent seconds, dwelling over what she had told him. 

Im sorry for whatever youve been through, she said. and whatever you still are. But just remember what Ive told you, when you wake up tomorrow, and go on with your life. And maybe youll find a measure of peace amidst the turmoil  a glimpse of calm amidst the chaos.

As the heavy feeling slowly passed, and Ions mind fell back to the present, he suddenly realised something with a jolt of shock. He had only come to feel impact of what he had done

Well, are you gonna arrest me?

Something in the girls eyes hardened as she fixed her gaze on him again. The knowledge that the person she had saved was a dangerous mystic assassin, for some reason, didnt shake her as much as it should have. As she gazed at him, the seconds lengthening, Ion felt a strange compressing sensation inside him. 

He had accidentally spilt everything, including the fact that he was an assassin. To somebody who turned out to be a crime fighter. 

And it was common knowledge that crime fighters brought down assassins. 

Just so you know, Ive found a place in almost every clusters criminal database. He stopped and thought. I think soon, theyll probably have warning posters of me spread about - Id be surprised if they didnt already. It was true. He would be surprised if they didnt. Imagine what your superiors would say. They sent you for some stupid Zelgron warlord, and you instead managed to bring back one of the most dangerous mystic assassins. 

The girl had fought off an entire Zelgron horde to save him. Her mystic powers clearly were no joke. Meanwhile, Ion was lying in a badly scarred, ravaged form, with half his body aching and searing from the brutal incident hed faced

The girl would thrash him without a sweat

As their gazes remained locked over a wide passing moment, Ion felt something shift within the girls black eyes, turning them soft again.

I think Ill pass.

Ion looked at her for a long, unblinking moment. Why?

She was silent for some time, her black eyes now roving over the stars overhead. 
Then, slowly, she brought her gaze down to him and smiled. Because like I said  the only way to fight cruelty, is with compassion and love. And I believe the same would work for you. She plucked a blade of grass from the floor around, looking at it as she spoke. I believe that everything happens for a reason, Ion. Today, someone lived to see light the next day because of me. And I think perhaps that person was meant for something more.

Ion was speechless. As he listened to the girl, the side of him that knew nothing but hatred and cruelty seemed to shrivel and die. The monster within him had gone mute, and a new, powerful upwelling arose within him. An emotion that seemed to sweep away all others. 

Affection. 

Meant for something more, huh? Ion felt his lips strain in a smile. You sure about that?

Twirling the blade of grass in her hand, the girl looked up at the stars again, a faint smile on her lips. Ill chance a bet. 

She threw the blade of grass and brought her eyes to him, and they narrowed slightly as she surveyed him for the smallest second. All I have to say is this, Ion: I saved your life. Make it worth it for that one reason.

And with that, she rose, turned and headed off into the night. 

Ion was left to stare at her as she shrunk into the distance, her form growing smaller and smaller  before vanishing completely, absorbed by the vastness of the world beyond. 


9




Keeping his idle stare on the huts ceiling above, Vonayz mentally strolled past the events of the past week. he had been forced to keep up a rather hectic pace this week, going through almost ten assassinations and hunts all together within the pressing span of the past seven or eight days. The kind of lifestyle he now had afforded him little leisure time. Little space for comfort, relaxation, and for himself. 

But Vonayz required none of those.

He had been raised in a tough means, one that had moulded his mind to a state of steel. And it was that steel that now made him what he was: a powerful, deadly mystic. And a lethal killing machine. At times, when he was alone and left to himself, Vonayz would let a sliver of his thoughts roam back to those days  his earliest days as a mystic. A different life

But Vonayz would collect himself to the present almost instantly, admonishing himself for letting his mind wander. Because Vonayz knew he couldnt afford to let it. He came with a past that was no longer his. And that past was now a disconnected portion of his, which he no longer associated with

Although, at times

No way! He scolded himself coldly.  Dont think that. Dont think that. This is my life now, and I wouldve given nothing at all to be elsewhere.

Mustering the same, remorseless state of focus that he had lived with for years now, Vonayz drew himself upright on the cot and looked about.

The rest of the group were all lying around lazily, making use of the silence to go on with their own activities. Monaz was toying with the head of the chicken like creature he kept strapped around his neck: Sidro was lying curled up at the corner, snoring. His younger brother Alcrox was sitting by the bed next to him, also silently gazing across the hut. He pulled himself straight and yawned. Through the open door to their hut by the wall on the left, they could see the grass covered lands beyond, enveloped by the night sky above.    

Vonayz looked at his brother by his side and said, So, whats up with you next? 

Alcrox shrugged. Theres a crime lord in the planet Harakol with a job for me. A hunt. Ive got a couple assassinations that Id rather put on hold:  Ive gotten tired of assassinations lately.

Vonayz looked about the rest of the hut.

Fill me in on whats up with the rest of the troop, wont you? he asked, turning to Alcrox. Ive been rather busy this week. Anything important lately?

Oh, nothing much. replied Alcrox, as he surveyed the three others in the hut, from the kid playing with the chicken head, to the one huddled at the corner, snoring and drooling, and finally the open door by their left. The same stuffs goin up. He paused, and something thoughtful deepened his gaze as he looked out the door. Though I think Ions been rather  strange since he came back from a hunt Grando had for him, a hunt for some vigilante creep, and he hasnt found the guy yet.

Vonayz could feel a scowl settle on his brow slowly. Yeah  I noticed as well.

He drew himself straight on the cot for a better glance out the door. At the far end of the lands outside, they could spot a lone figure sitting quietly on the ground. 

The prickle of concern that Vonayz had been feeling intensified. 

Just a day back, Ion had gone to hunt down a target for Grando, his primary client and someone whom he had done countless jobs for now. He had travelled to the planet Enro where he had tracked the vigilante. But he had come back empty handed, scarred and wounded. But that was hardly what bothered Vonayz

After returning, Ion had seemed hardly like himself. 

There was something far off and thoughtful in the way he carried himself now, and Vonayz couldnt help noticing it. He wasnt acting like his normal self, and Vonayz picked up the mildest feeling that there was a strange internal turmoil that Ion had brought back with him, from the hunt he had set out for. 

Something had happened in Enro. Something that seemed to cling to him. 

Vonayz exchanged a thoughtful look with Alcrox, who shrugged again. 

Why dont we go talk to him? Vonayz suggested, looking at the lone figure perched at the end of the expanse outside. See whats troubling him.

For a few seconds, Alcrox was silent, watching the dot on the expanse that was Ion. Then he turned to Vonayz with a nod. Yeah, maybe we should.

The two of them slid off their cots and strolled out the door, towards the lone figure sitting far out on the field. 

__________


I saved your life, Ion  Make it worth it for that one reason.

Ion gazed upon the stars resting overhead, sitting with his arms on the ground behind on the ground. 

The silence and serenity of his surroundings would have drawn a state of calm and peace in anyone sitting here now. Anyone but Ion

Sitting straighter, Ion ran his hands through his messy red hair, then placed them back on the ground. He wished he could erase everything within him, and set himself free of it all. Of what was now raging inside him: a multitude of forces seemed to churn within, fighting for supremacy over him. Of everything he had faced in his life, this was by far the strangest thing that had been forced to go through 

Confusion. 

For years now, since he had joined Vonayz and the assassins, he had never dared look back. The rage of losing his parents and his brother Eol set his soul ablaze. The fire of anger and vengeance and possessed him, so that he hadnt given a whisker of second thought to the life he had chosen for himself. Never before, after setting foot on this path, had he ever questioned himself. 

Until now. 

Until what had happened two days back 

The girl he had met  she had sparked something inside of him, something that he wished he could tear out from within and cast away. She had sparked a conflict within him. 

For as much as he hated it, as much as he wished he didnt, he saw meaning in those words she had spoken. 

The only way to heal a cruel world is with love and compassion. And not hatred.

Ion could feel something invoked within him after that meeting, something that he knew would never let him free again. Now, as he looked back, at everything he had done, and at everything he had been planning to do, the life he was now leading  an inkling of his being seemed to cringe. Somewhere, at the deepest bottom of his own self, he could feel it  He could feel the meanest pinch of guilt.

Whatever was now going on within Ion made him hate himself. And her as well for it. 

A pair of dawning footsteps rose to his attention. He twisted around to see Vonayz and his brother Alcrox striding up towards where he was sitting. The two of them dropped to a seat on either side of him, looking at him in a curious mixture of airiness and concern. 

Vonayz patted him on the back, smiling as he sat down by his right. Ion gave a feeble smile and turned back ahead, avoiding his eyes. 

Something wrong? Vonayz asked. 

What do you mean? asked Ion casually. 

Youve been Alcroxs voice wandered as he searched for the right word. Well, disturbed since you came back from Enro.

Have I? Ion chuckled, glancing at him and then turning back again. Youre imagining things. 

He could sense the two of them exchanging a quick glance, before Alcrox sat down by right, his legs before him. 

I know you probably arent gonna like me asking this, said Alcrox, an edge of hesitation in his voice. But  well, what happened?

Ion looked at him. What do you mean?

You looked ravaged when you came back from Grandos hunt yesterday. Vonayz said. With scars and bruises all over, with half of them healed. Did something go wrong?

Oh, that. Ion felt his voice relax. Nothing much. I just ran into trouble. But thats not the problem

So there is a problem, then. said Alcrox And we arent half wits not to notice it! Youve seemed unusual since you came back.

Ion, Vonayz put a gentle hand on his shoulder. You know you can talk to us about whatever this is, right?

Ion scowled, still not looking at either of them. They were the last two people in the world he wanted to discuss this with. Because whatever problem he was facing now  they were the source of it.

He had never dreamt that he would feel such. But for the first time in his time with them, he felt a spark of anger towards them. All of them. For they were the cause of all of this. They had tempted him, and led him into this life. 

Oh, dont bother with me, Im fine. he said, dusting his hands and getting to his feet. I think Ill just go for a short walk  alone.

Ion could feel the two others eyes follow him as he trotted off without another word. His hands behind his back, he wandered down the lands back towards the hut.  Parked next to the hut were a group of vehicles, mostly hover bikes or boards. One of them was a car, and he knew this was Vonayzs. 

Ion walked on with his hands behind his back, looking all about him. The moon had settled at the peak of the sky, bathing the land below in a pearly blue glow. A ring of burning blue encased it from outside. It was the largest entity in the black expanse that was the sky, with a million other glittering stars spread around it. The land before him was clean, wiped of a single structure or building. Their hut was the only one for hundreds of miles around. They would move from planet to planet, roaming over the outer spectrum steadily. Not lingering on any one planet too long. And they chose only planets which were mostly or fully uninhabited, prone to attract less attention from the Naxim. 

But the Naxim wasnt all the enemies these group of assassins had. 

Their ventures to the inner spectrum and their assassinations and hunts for various organisations inside of it had bought them to the most wanted list of almost every republic and state there was in the inner spectrum. Although the republics were not fully aware that they were mystics. And as a result, their details were not famous with the Naxim yet. But Ion knew that he topped the list. He would definitely break to the very top of their most dreaded criminal archives. Of almost every republic and state there was. 

That had been the glory of what he had been  and that was the prowess he had been destined for. 

Why leave all of this? The granite hearted side of him asked, the monster growling within constantly. This is the life. And all that rage, all that anger, unleashing it  it feels sooo good.

This is not the way were meant to live. replied a softer voice that Ion had never heard before. And he knew this was a voice that had grown only after his meeting with the girl. It was her voice. We are meant to live to help others  not to destroy and shatter them.

He was drawn back in time  to the days he spent with his family. His true family. An upsurge of grief took place within him, instantly replaced by a burst of rage. 

He would forever remember that day. 

The day he returned to the village after being freed from the Naxim  to find gravestones awaiting. All that remained of his family.  A sharp squeezing sensation pressed upon Ions chest. 

He would never forget what had happened to them. 

They had died of grief 

Marion and Selia had died of the grief of losing their two foster kids, their precious twin children, Ion and Eol.

And Eol

They had claimed he was a mystic when he wasnt. They had dragged an innocent person away  And his body hadnt even been recovered from the Naxim station. They hadnt even been able to bury him!

Feeling his vision blur, Ion walked faster, reaching for his sleeve. He fought down the sorrow and grief, as he had trained himself to do for years now. But it slumbered within him, subconsciously propelling his actions in his waking stage. But was he being propelled in the right direction? If he was using his family as a motive for everything he was doing now, was his family being used for a good motive  or a horridly evil one?

He kept walking, his stride unfaltered. He kept his eyes on the ground before him while his mind lay hard at work. 

Hatred turns us into the very people we hate

Does it? mumbled Ion. for the meanest second, his thoughts flashed back to that fine day, when he had unleashed all of his hatred against the man he hated. 

Commander Rox. 

The familiar savage joy swelled within him once more, as ripe as it had been that day  the day when he had killed the man who had made his life hell. The one who had tortured him, and taken everything from him. The man he had hated. 

And as he remembered it, he knew that there was no feeling in the world as sweet as hatred  as sweet as revenge. Against the ones he hated. And as he realised it, the brutal side of him rumbled once more. The brutal side which he was now beginning to question

Ion yearned to free himself from whatever was churning inside of him. 

A small side of him, a newly born side of him, wanted him to forgive this world for the pain he had been through. And to stop the twisted life he was now leading. But the monster within him that had controlled him for so long raged on relentlessly. Wanting him to stay numb and to go on. The two of them fought for dominance within him, almost making him ache from within. 

And then, a screeching noise split the silence around him. Frowning in irritation, Ion dug his hand into his cloak pocket and produced a z-com. He answered the call and a holographic screen slid into place right over it. And looking out of it was a familiar face. 

I thought Id hear from you by now. complained Grando, frowning. 

As the split second of irritation passed, Ion shook his head. Well, you thought wrong. And by the way, the hunt for the vigilante went pretty bad.

I know it did. said Grando. But you usually dont give up so fast.

There again, you thought wrong. 

Grando raised an eyebrow, looking intrigued. He waited for a few seconds before slowly asking, So, youre letting the job go?

As of now, yeah. replied Ion. Ive got no heading on where this guy is, and trying to find hims gonna be a bit of a prick. And even otherwise, I -

Well, Ive made your job easier. said Grando, smiling. Some of my compatriots at the Incrag republic had him tracked just a few minutes back. And they know hes there to handle something, and wont be leaving soon.  Id have sent my own men, but were a little busy as of now, and even otherwise, well have trouble covering our tracks if we get there and kill him ourselves. This is something I know youre reserved for. his smile widened, and he shook his head sweetly. Something you were made for, as a matter of fact.

His words felt like butter, melting through Ion 

So what do you say? asked Grando. Finish the job. Return with the vigilante, and you can still have the full pay for the job. Take my efforts in locating him for you as a token of our long forged friendship.

Ion stared at the screen for a few seconds, feeling something squirm within him. It was tempting  but at the same time, he couldnt forget that there was another entity within him now, one that he knew wouldnt leave him if we went on with this

Grando scowled. Oh, all right. Ill give you a minute. Think about and call me back.

The line disconnected, leaving the holo screen to fade back to thin air. 


Ion stood on the spot staring blankly into the night. He kept the z-com clutched in his right hand, absent mindedly having forgotten to pocket it. 

A few seconds earlier, he had believed himself to be facing a struggle. 

But he had been wrong. 

What he was facing now, was a struggle. A true struggle. 

The raw half of him yearned for him to throw his inner conflict away and go on with this. But the softer side pleaded with him to fight the impulse 

He was facing a dilemma unlike any other. 

He felt as though the decision hanging at the end of it was tearing him in two

In the quietest portion of his mind, Ion had the feeling that this was no ordinary dilemma  that this was no ordinary decision. That far more hung on this decision, than it appeared. He had the strangest feeling that there was more in his life that depended on this decision that he thought. And than it looked 

As the seconds lengthened, the air around him seemed to strain. The world itself seemed to have gone still. Waiting for him to make the choice.

This is something I know youre reserved for  Something you were made for, as a matter of fact.

Ion gritted his teeth, a sharp growl building inside his throat.

And then, taking in a deep breath  he made his choice. 

He brought the z-com before him and dialed

All right, tell me the co ordiantes that your men found him in. he told Grando a few seconds later, the two of them separated by the veil of the holographic screen in between them. Im going in for it.


10



Devicro, Incrag Republic

The moment he had made the decision, that very moment, Ion was back. 

Back to the merciless, cold blooded thing he had trained himself to be. And he relished the feeling. The rage and hatred. The unbounded, unkempt hunger that formed the core of his being. It all came rushing back to him. And he was once again the remorseless, deadly mystic assassin hunter he had always been. 

The wind surfed gently, so that Ions cloak fluttered with ripples as he stood at the top of the building. His eyes were narrowed in the very same, predatory hungry manner as he gazed across at a smaller building rising next to his  his unwavering gaze was fixed upon a window of the third storey, two storeys below the roof of the building he now stood in. 

His target was inside of that window, taking down a group of mobsters whom he had tracked and hunted down here. But the poor vigilante had no clue that he wasnt the only person on a hunt here  there was a deadlier hunter in the game now, and he was blissfully oblivious to it. 

The sound of breaking glass, crashing furniture, screams, and gunshots were heard loud and clear from the window, as the vigilante took down the mobsters with his fancy equipment. But none of his fancy equipment stood a chance against the real enemy he was going to face this night  who was waiting for the chance to pounce. 

__________


Inside of that window, a masked figure wearing thick black coat stood with his back pressed to the side of the wall. The vigilante held his gun squeezed closely between both hands, while the sound of footsteps on glass, splintering, came from across the hall. 

Lying stunned in front of him were two of the three mobsters he had come here to take down. The last one was still lurking in the hallway behind him, waiting for the chance to take him down. The man was slowly walking down the hall, his feet landing on pieces of glass and crunching them as he approached slowly. 

Whoever you are, the man called in his rough voice, youve got nowhere to run. Get out and face me like a man, you swine.

Another glass piece crunched under the mans foot as he drew another step forward

The vigilante estimated that he was feet down the hallway. He waited for one final breath before spinning around, out of the safety of the wall he hid behind  In that split second, he could feel his heartbeat echo loudly within his ears, prolonged like the moment was  the moment which would decide life or death. As he spun, he saw the man, the last mobster, standing feet ahead down the hall, whose eyes flew wide as he saw the vigilante. Both of them raised their guns, aiming at each other at the same time, and both of them fired at the very same time. 

The mans jet of light whizzed right past the vigilantes fur coat, smashing the wall behind. And then, before he could fire a second time, he backed over and hit the ground at the force of the vigilantes shot, which had smote him deadly on the chest. 

The vigilante stood there for one wild moment, his breath panting through the iron mask he wore. His gaze scrolled over the ground, over the three bodies. Then, slowly, he pocketed his gun.

Ve  e- ery nice. came a smug voice behind him. 

He spun around, his heart freezing in his chest. 

Ions lips twitched in a smile as he casually stood leaning against the wall, nodding at the vigilante before him. He had climbed in through the window behind him. 

You really are something, pal, he said, still wearing the look of feigned admiration as he nodded at the masked vigilante in the iron mask before him. And thats why Im here tonight. He stopped leaning and drew straight. To take you down.

The masked man before him tiled his head to one side, considering him like a child waiting for a teachers approval. A prolonged silence landed between the two of them as the man gazed at Ion quietly, as if trying to wonder whether or not he was real. 

And then, the man gave a loud roar of laughter. 

Take me down? he asked, looking at Ion through his mask. You should know who youre talking to before you threaten him. Believe me on that one.

Know who Im talking to, huh? Ion allowed him the ghost of a smirk. Do you?

The man slid his hand into his pocket and drew out a rolled piece of parchment. He unwrapped it and turned it about to Ion, who didnt understand what he was seeing at first. 

What the hell is that?

This, the man said, shaking the poster as he held it. is you.

Ion squinted, but through the darkness he could only faintly make out a face in the middle. The man rolled the parchment and slid it back into his pocket. 

Its a poster of you circulated through all of the governments of the inner spectrum. the vigilante informed him. The top priority in their list of most lethal criminals there are in the world. And youve topped it. The man took a step forward, and his tone now grew serious. But that really shouldnt bother you  what should bother you is that you were my priority. His voice sank to a deadly hiss. Ive heard about you, pal. Id been travelling through the outer spectrum, and I heard so many stories about the deadliest assassin there was, who was no older than a teen. And so I set my sights. On him. On you. He spread his hands. Believe be, Ive waited just so long to meet you, Ion.

Ion gestured to the gun the man had pocketed in his belt. You know what, tough guy? Why dont you go on, then? Get the gun out and shoot me, wont you? And Ill enjoy watching.

Oh, no. said the man, shaking his head. Just shooting you wont satisfy me no. I want far more.  Im gonna break every bone in your body for what you deserve. Youre a scumbag whos gonna rot in hell, pal. So be ready for it. 

Ion could scent the heavy contempt in the mans tone. Hells nothing, compared to what happens to you now.

He gave himself a second to relish the surprise that would follow in the vigilante, before waving a hand across the room. One of the shattered blocks of debris sprang off the ground across the hall and went soaring towards the vigilante

And then, as the man held a hand up, a shimmering glass like surface formed from the air in front of him. Ions heart stopped for a split second. The block of rubble crashed over the shield which the vigilante conjured, falling back to the ground. 

Ion tilted his head, viewing his opponent in a whole new dimensional perspective. But he then smiled, realising that it was better this way. 

So  youre a mystic, huh? he sneered, shaking his head. Well, Ive got something for you, pal. 

He slid his sword out, holding it up in the air for a second, before lighting the blade with a dazzling, orange flash. 

Im one too. he hissed. 

The vigilante stood rooted to the spot, and Ion could feel the focus in him. Slowly, his hand reached behind him as well, to the sheath Ion couldnt see over his back. He slid his own sword out, the blade shimmering in the light from Ions. Like all mystic swords, his was long and thin. The blade was sharper at the top, and slightly longer than Ions. 

Just the way I like It. said Ion. A match I can actually contest with.

Then, screaming, he swung his blade around and dashed forward. 

The cling of the two of their blades meeting sounded loud and sharp over the air. The two of them stood there with swords locked, their faces grilled in fury and concentration. Ion pushed the vigilante forth and made a cut across the air, which his opponent blocked with a lazy swipe of his blade. Sparks flew from their blades as they met. Ion twisted about and sent a slash to the mans torso  again blocked. 

As the two of them duelled, neither one submitting, neither of their resolves slackening, the man was pushing Ion further and further back. Feeling his head now cloud with an onsetting defeat, Ion mustered everything he had. Keeping himself together as he slashed, jabbed and cut viciously. He could feel his lungs pant for breath as he moved faster than he ever had his entire life, swinging his arms across as he parried blows from his enemy, and gave him whatever feeble assaults he could. 

But he knew he was losing  his enemy was stronger than him, and was definitely going to take him down. 

As their blades locked for a final time, the vigilante growled from where he stood: This is a day youll never forget  your entire life.

Ion gritted his teeth, feeling fury rush up in him. I know I wont.

Without leaving a sliver of hesitation to dull his movement, Ion jumped back so that the vigilante stumbled forward at the sudden removal of his resistance. Taking advantage of the split second gain, Ion threw his hands forward, summoning all the reserve of energy in his mind  and letting it gush forth through his fingertips as he swung them across. 

Before the vigilante had even regained his stance, he was blasted backwards by Ions smash. He crashed into the wall behind him, which came down in rubble and stone. His legs stuck out from the wreckage of the wall, unmoving. 

Ion stood there, catching up on his breath for a few seconds. Letting the thrill pumping through him settle slowly. 

Then, staring at the unmoving figure of the vigilante, whose legs stuck out of the broken wall, Ion gave a snigger of victory. 

Hope hes not dead. He thought savagely. We would prefer him alive, Grando and me.

__________


The large hall was illuminated by faint sunlight that seeped in through the gaps left in the windows curtains. In the complete darkness, a group of men wielding Sparklers stood silently, spread in a well spaced out cluster in the centre of the room. A large batch of Rash-cons, numbering to over two dozen, stood spaced out by the rooms wall. 

And at the centre of the group of men stood Ion, with one leg over the tied up, half conscious body of the target.

That took longer than expected. said Grando, standing before Ion. And this is my best hunter Im talking to.

It was a mystic. Ion told him. A look of sharp surprise drew over Grandos face. 

A mystic? The shock vanished behind a thoughtful look. He scanned the feebly stirring body between the two of them. That make sense  I was beginning to wonder how one person could create more trouble than even the Special Forces ever have.

Well, youre lucky both of us is alive. Ion gave the body a faint kick, and heard a faint groan. But youre even more lucky that hes alive.

Grando smiled nastily. Indeed  we both are.

My pay? asked Ion. 

Of course, said Grando, nodding, as he turned to the other men. Why dont you boys begin  He beckoned to the body in the centre. Ion and I will join you shortly. 

The men roughly picked up the body and bustled over to a corner of the room, where Ion knew they would torture the vigilante who had given them so much problems  teach him manners their way, before giving him his exit. 

Grando and Ion went strolling to the other corner of the room, while Grando ruffled in his pocket. He finally dug out a small chit of paper, and handed it to Ion. Ion pocketed the slip that held the sum of money he was entitled for this job. 

Grando gave him a friendly smile, patting him on the shoulder. Youre the one person I really couldnt have done without, old friend.

Across the hall, Ion could hear the man in the centre, who had come around, screaming. And the rest of the men laughing and jeering. 

Anyone else you need me to hunt? asked Ion, hoping for a yes.

Grando mulled over the question for a long moment, his eyes unfocussed as he thought. 

Plenty, he said finally. but not right now.

Tell me when you do, said Ion, feeling all of the brutality and senselessness that he had carried for years return to fully seize him again.  Cause killing is too fun to miss out. And I cant believe a few hours back I was actually questioning that 

Grando gave a savage chuckle. I feel so, too. 

The screams of the vigilante had grown loud enough to leave ghastly echoes in the hall. 

Well, said Grando, licking his lips.  We dont wanna miss out on the fun, do we? He beckoned to the corner where the men were torturing the vigilante. 

Ion cracked his knuckles. Of course not. 

Gritting in teeth in hungry anticipating, he followed Grando down the hall, to where the group of men stood around a helpless, writhing creature on the floor between them. He had his head wrapped in his hands, shaking violently. One of his legs had a nasty cut around it, so that the cloth around it was soaked in dark crimson. 

One of the men turned and handed the mans iron mask to Grando, who chuckled looking at the iron helm, before tossing it aside. The helm bounced on the floor with a metalling clang.

Ion pulled his sword out and ignited it. 

Shall I? he asked, looking at Grando. 

Help yourself.

Screaming wildly, Ion let his sword sink right through the side of the mans torso, away from his vital parts so as to ensure he didnt die. The agony choked the mans screams, his hands trembling as they clutched his head. The mens laughter boomed after his scream, revelling in the anguish of the whimpering creature amidst them. 

I guess we can end it now, said Grando. put him off his misery.

We dont have to. said one of the men, wagging the gun he was holding  a Stinger. We gave him five shots of it. Hes gonna die anyway.

No need to leave chances, said Grando. We need this one dead far too crucially. Pulling out his Sparkler, he walked up and sent a hurling kick at the body on the ground. The man rolled over on the ground, so that Ion saw his young face  a familiar face. 

It was Eol.


To be continued  


In THE RISING SUN  Episode 4
