UNSEELIE LOVE
By Kelly L. Brooks
COPYRIGHT 2013 K. GEORGE
Smashwords Edition
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
I wrote this book and it is now this self-published under the title no boundaries and the pen name Kalalea George. This book is essentially unchanged with minor differences in the character names and slightly different plot. 
INTRODUCTION
The Unseelie court ruled the world a long time ago before my time. Once we own the land and all who wander on it. We are a strong race full of pride. We live, love and laugh. Now, we are hidden in the shadows fearing for our lives. Every year we become less and less. Soon, very soon we will disappear from the world.
It is our own fault our days are numbered. Desiring to live forever as the masters of the world, we used those from the Seelie court to do our bidding. When they started fighting back we created the human race to protect us so that we can continue our quest for infinite power and domination.
Our response to the war also our undoing. The humans came with new diseases that are killing us faster than the Seelie Court. Soon the Seelie Court and the humans began to wed and we Unseelie lost our advantage. It was clear that our time was up as rules and the time of humans and the Seelie court has just started.
That's when I was born. The third year of the rule of Queen Hekuba. I was one of the last pure Slaugh born. Like all Slaugh I drawn my magic from the living and the air. Before the war we kept the Jinns as our personal slaves. We tortured them and used their spirits to fuel our own magic. Now, we are fighting the Jinns and are losing. We both made our home in the fog and smoke high above the mountains. Neither of us will stop until we are all dead.
Chapter 1  POINT OF VIEW  Jace
Date:  3.05.01 AE (AFTER EARTH)
"Do not talk! I have no desire to hear what your voice sounds like. I'm not even sure why I brought you here. I made sure that your arms are tied tightly so do not even think about trying any magic. I left the food on the table. Eating or not is your choice.
You know, I should have killed you. If anyone realizes that I have you here they will kill both of us. So, unless you have a death wish do not even think about leaving this room. I have business with my Marchioness. Do not go up or you will tear open your stitches. I'll be back in about an hour. Maybe by then I will have some sense."
I took in everything about her in less than two minutes. She was amazingly, beautiful and very fit. Her muscles rippled and swelled with every movement of her body. She was absolutely beautiful and the complete opposite of me. As a Slaugh I had very pale skin almost transparent. My hair is pitch black and pin straight hanging below my waist and I have two large horns that jut into the air and wrap back around similar to horns on a ram. My eyes are also pitch black and completely devoid of all color giving us the appearance of being soulless. I have a long pointed ears and a lanky body without a shred of fat on my nearly eight foot frame. Of course my best feature are my huge black wings that shoot from my back on demand. 
The Jinn had a warm caramel color skin. It looked almost as if the sun itself bent its head and kissed her flesh. Her hair was pale white hanging to her waist in beautiful waves. For a Jinn she was tall for a female, Id beet she was close to my own eight feet. Her eyes could not be more different than mine, where mine were dark and reminded people of evil things, hers were super light and seemed to sparkle like diamonds. They were the oddest of purple Id ever seen. Even for a Jinn they would consider very unique.
I heard the door click shut behind her and pushed her and her eyes out of my mind. It was time to assess the condition of my body. I needed to find out how I injured was, and if I were likely to survive if I chose to fight. I tried to move my legs and was pleased when I felt no pain. Then I remember being stabbed through the abdomen. I quickly looked down and was shocked when I saw the fresh healing bandages.
My hands were tied behind my back, and despite several attempts I was unable to release the ropes regardless of the spell I used. Figuring magic was not the answer, I tried to sit up and figure out my next steps from there. That's when I understood what she did to me while I was unconscious. She must have placed an Inhibitor around my neck. An Inhibitor is a device we created to control the magic of the Seelie court. It basically channeled the magic of the wearer to the closest magical being not wearing an Inhibitor. It also prevented the wearer from performing magic or even defying orders given by anyone not wearing an Inhibitor
In this case, the Jinn control me and was probably getting a boost of magic. I took a deep breath and tried to remember her words exactly. I had an advantage since the Slaugh created the Inhibitors and those from the Seelie Court really had no idea about its flaws. For example, I could not defy her order, but I was able to twist its meaning to suit my own interests. I was driving myself crazy trying to remember what she said. It was important that I remembered her words exactly. Damn I was paying too much attention to her looks and not enough to my own situation.
I was already nineteen years old and a skilled and effective warrior for a number of years already. I should know better. In times of war, you learn to fight or die young. There is nothing in the middle. Slaugh like all the races in the Unseelie court are unique in appearance and cant hide among the Seelie and the war took no prisoners. I knew the inevitable result. In the end the Unseelie court would be no more. We are facing annihilation and have no choices left. It was our own fault. Our own egotistical desire for power and domination. We rejected peace treaty after the peace treaty the Seelie court offered us. We laugh and spit in their faces.
Then, in a rally the last Queen before Hekuba tried to give us an advantage by casting an unimaginable spell. Olympia believed that the war would finally turn back to our favor. She tore the souls of every Seelie court person in two and threw the pieces out in different directions. As she hoped, the spell shattered their souls and stopped them dead in their tracks. Many even died of pure heart ache. The spell, however, had unexpected side effects, in particular it rebounded and hit the Unseelie court as well.
For a time the battle paused while the Unseelie and Seelie courts tried to learn to live without desire in our hearts. Then the Seelie court did something we never expected. They sought out and found the missing piece of their souls. Pixies, Brownies, Jinn Sidhe, and even humans wed each other fulfilling their hearts desire and reuniting their soul with their true love. These unholy unions created all kinds of forbidden changelings that in turn pledged their loyalty and arms to the Seelie court. Once the members of the Seelie court realized they could find true love and repair their hearts desires the Seelie court again returned to war and regained control.
Unlike the Seelie court, the Unseelie court were not having the same kind of luck finding our hearts desire in the Unseelie court. When the spell rebounded on Queen Olympus the Unseelie court members hearts desires were cast out among the humans and the Seelie courts. Also unlike the Seelie court, our queen has ordered us to reject our hearts desire if we find it in a human or a member of the Seelie court. She told us that it was sullied and impure buried inside an unworthy vessel. The law specifies Unseelie court members simply kill it and move on. After a bit of time most Unseelie court members have become a bit emotionless. According to my mom its because our hearts desire was the better half of our soul.
So, when I found my hearts desire in the eyes of Jinn I assumed that she would kill me and move forward. It is what I would do if I had the upper hand. Now, however, I realize that the Jinn wants to wed me even though I am the enemy. I know the score, however, and I knew it would never work. If she was not strong enough to kill me, I would be strong, and kill her. Either way, we could not reunite our hearts desire. She was Jinn of the Seelie court and I a Slaugh of the Unseelie court and nothing would change that.
She however, had no idea I would never accept her. It did not matter that she was looking good, or even that she smelled good or felt good to my touch. I will not wed with a Jinn from the Seelie court. It made my stomach turn with disgust. She could not convince me. If I could not kill her, I would slit my own throat open and let my soul go free. I pushed thoughts of the Jinn out of my mind and focused again on the words she said to me.
I just needed to find the gap that would let me escape. She said something about eating or not eating. Then keep quiet and not to sit up and open my stitches. Fine I thought let's try to slip out of bed instead of sitting up. I scooted myself to the edge and slid easily out of bed. Once on the floor I realized that I was still unable to get myself into a sitting position.
No problem I thought to myself, then I rolled over on my stomach wound and used my head to help me get up on my knees. Without my hands that was difficult but achievable. In the end I used the wall and my face to get me on my feet. By the time I was up I was trembling in pain and exhausted. I looked down and saw blood oozing from my stomach wound. I took a step and felt the world turnabout and just like that everything went black.
Chapter 2  POINT OF VIEW  hestia
I shook my head in disgust at myself again. I should have left the Slaugh on the ground battle. It does not matter that he is my hearts desire, my true love. It was only important that he is my enemy and therefore forbidden to me. Finding my hearts desire in the body of Slaugh momentarily threw me for a loop. I was so surprised I found myself acting without even thinking. One minute he was bleeding out on the battle field, the next he was in my clutches and I was flying him to my home.
I knew to bringing him here was just plain stupid. I understood the Marchioness would kill the Slaugh and me when she found out. It mattered not to her that he was my true love, my hearts desire. My Marchioness would ensure that I and my hearts desire were dead before night falls. There was a law in the Seelie Court that very clearly forbid us to mingle or wed any from the Unseelie court. 
Not that we needed the law. Most other the Unseelie court members would rather tear out their own heart than to marry one of the Seelie. I have seen with my own eyes countless times during my years alive. My fellow Jinn sullied and cast aside their own values and morals to embrace their hearts desire. Each time the Unseelie court however took advantage of the Jinns weakness and killed, not only their hearts desire but all the Jinn with them.
My twin brothers hearts desire was a Slaugh just like mine. He did everything he could to please her. Still, the Slaugh tricked him into believing that she wanted to wed as much as he but it was a lie. Our Marchioness was suspicious and ordered them to live outside the compound. She even swore him to keep our location secret.
The wed alone without friends or family. Then that night while my brother choked to death on his own blood, she and her Unseelie court friends snuck into our homes and tried to kill all of us. Because of that our Marchioness reminds us regularly not to even fall for the tricks of the Unseelie. They will never love us and accept us even if we are their hearts desire. Attempting to find true love with a member of the Seelie court is a fools mission.
After the incident with my brother Buster, our Marchioness beseeched the King of the Seelie court to outlaw marriages between Seelie and Unseelie. The King not only agreed he also decreed we should kill all Unseelie on sight. No exceptions. I know my hearts desire is no different than my brother Busters. Unseelie hearts do not love or fall in love. So again I asked myself why I took him in my arms and brought him to my home.
I think that I just wanted to hold him in my arms one time before I said goodbye to my one and only chance for true love. Now, however, with each passing moment I knew I never wanted to say goodbye. Already in just a few hours after my soul ached for his. How can I say goodbye and let go of the other half of my soul. He was born to be with me and knew even though he was Unseelie he was the better half. My life would not mean anything once he was gone.
I realized now with perfect clarity why Buster fell under the spell of the Slaugh so easily. My soul for the first time since it was split in two was at peace. I felt completely alive. I want to do, say or suffer anything to keep that feeling inside of me forever. Without the Slaugh lying in my bed, I would never feel whole again. I would go back to the dark hole of despair Ive live in every day before I found him. The pain and suffering was unbearable and I knew I would only be half alive.
I sat down and dropped my head in my lap soundlessly. I knew I needed to do something with my Slaugh and it had to be soon. In less than an hour the Marchioness makes her daily round. She would know that something wrong the moment she came down my path. The smell Slaugh would be recognized even by a Jinn child. I knew it was time to tell her so that he could be tortured and questioned. I just need a few more minutes and then I will go to her. I heard his breathing pick up speed and I knew the Slaugh, my hearts desire, my one chance at true love was preparing to wake up.
I was not ready to hear his voice. I knew deep down inside hearing his voice would break down some of my barriers. My hearts desire would put me under his spell. So, before he could utter a single syllable I ordered him not to speak. Then more for myself, then him I told him that I should have killed him. Then I tried to make him understand that we would both die if anybody knew he was here. Part of me was ready to pull him in my arms and bring him somewhere that it would be safe. Then I remembered Buster and I knew I was not mentally or physically capable of making good decisions when it came to my hearts desire. I need to tell the Marchioness and let her decide what to do with him. Then, before I change my mind I hurried to leave the room.
I walked down the corridor to the Marchioness Iona double time. Iona was sitting behind a large oak desk with her feet propped up on the corner. The moment I stepped into the room, I saw her skin change to dark red and I knew shed cast a spell that made her skin nearly impenetrable. Despite Iona red skin, she was looking comfortable and relaxed. I swallowed hard and tried to stabilize my nerves. Then, despite knowing that I sentenced myself and the Slaugh to death I said in a voice full of, respect and dignity fit for my ancestry as a Jinn
"Marchioness Iona, I violated one of the most sacred orders. I brought a Slaugh to our compound. He is my hearts desire. My one true love. He was severely injured and dying on the battlefield, despite knowing better, I took him in my arms and brought him home. I have him in my bed with an Inhibitor securely in place. Hes wounded badly, and will probably die on his own in the hour or two next.
I understand that my punishment for my crime is death. I am more than willing to forfeit my life. However, I beg you my years of faithful service, that I have permission to stay with him until he moves from this existence to another. You can, of course, monitor us and I will under no circumstances will I remove the Inhibitor. Then, when hearts desire dies, I ask that you take my life cleanly and quickly despite my weakness for Slaugh.
Chapter 3  POINT OF VIEW  Jace
Just my luck, I woke up back in the same bed I had just tried to leave. This time my body ached so much more. My side throbbed in pain and my face burned. I looked around the room and took in my environment. It was a clean but basically baron room. Honestly it was better than any room I had stayed in before. It looked like it had all the amenities one could want.
Bed, bathroom, closet, dresser, candles and oh a table. That's where I saw her. The sight of her momentarily stopped my brain. It continued to amaze me that every time I laid eyes on her I was struck stupid. She was just so absolutely beautiful, everything about her was just so exquisite. Jinns were such magnificent beings to begin with. This one was even more so. 
I had never seen a Jinn without their magical skin veneer. Jinns tended to keep their spell on when they were in the presence of a member of the Unseelie court. My mother told me they were unable to remove the spell if a threat of any kind was present. 
Jinns never needed armor they were able to use magic at will and completely cover their bodies with this kind of impenetrable film. The veneer was always a dark color so most Unseelie actually thought Jinns skin color was blue, green, red and pale white while all of them were flesh toned very similar to humans, Sidhe and Slaughs. I found it strange that she didn't find me as a threat. Even with the Inhibitor on a member of the Unseelie court was always dangerous. The proof however was in her soft tan colored flesh. 
The magical veneer that covers a Jinns skin is the hardest known substance on earth. They are basically impenetrable. She was dressed in a soft cotton shirt and skirt that I assume was her sleep garb. Her back was facing me so I could see her broad shoulders moving slightly up and down with her breathing. 
She was on the left side of the room sitting at the table eating the food I think she left for me earlier. I moved my legs and tested my arms. I was untied and realized I could turn this to my advantage. I was just about to sit up when she turned and looked at me. I would have to assume she heard my breathing change. Jinns were super strong and had excellent hearing. 
"You're up! Good! I wasn't sure how much damage you did to the wound in your side. I asked you not to do anything foolish. Now, I guess I have to be more specific when speaking to you. From now on you will do nothing that I specifically don't tell you to do. I mean absolutely nothing with the exception of your involuntary bodily functions. Breathing, blinking, heart beating etc. 
I didn't want to force you into this type of situation. Like all Jinn I hate the Inhibitors and what they can force a person to do. The Inhibitors are just one of the many reasons we revolted against the Unseelie court in the first place. You left me no choice. Now tell me your name Slaugh!"
I wanted to stay silent. I wanted to refuse to answer her in fact refuse to acknowledge her in anyway. Giving her my name gave her more power over me. My name was magic and she could use it against me. I tried to force my lips to stay shut. I felt the Inhibitor pull them apart and forced me to answer. My voice came out almost sounding like a pained shriek
"Jace"
She nodded then smiled briefly at me before she turned around and moved back to the table. With her back towards me again I could see she went back to eating her food. I heard my stomach rumble and my anger and frustration at my situation consumed me. 
I railed against my imprisonment. I opened my mouth over and over again trying to say something but my voice refused to work. I tried to move my arms, my hands my feet nothing worked. Then I just tried something simple like forcing myself to blink. Nothing happened. My eyes blinked when it was necessary but I had no control over them. Oh my god I cant even force them closed. Her command was bullet proof. Until he released me, I was confined in my own body. 
I couldn't speak or move. It was like I was suddenly turned into a quadriplegic. I was forced to stay in the exact position she'd left me in. I felt so trapped, my claustrophobia kicked in and I felt my heart rate increase. My body started to sweat, my breathing became erratic and tears leaked from my eyes. 
I was in a full blown anxiety attack. I saw the Jinn look over and worry momentarily crossed her face. When she realized I was still watching her expression it quickly changed to more of cool nonchalant observance. She moved over to the bed and pulled the bandage off of my side, then checked it and scratched her head.
My breathing was still labored and my heart was racing. I felt like it would burst out of my chest. If my heart was to burst at least my spirit would be set free again. That would be a good thing. I can't be trapped especially not in my own body. 
My mother died that way. She'd had her spine severed while fighting Brownies. They mistook her still body for dead and left her on the battle ground. I was still very young but she called to me in my mind and begged me to find and kill her. Her soul being trapped in a useless body caused her unbearable pain. 
I'd wanted to release her but at the time I was too young and too afraid. Because of my fear I forced my mother to live for days encased in rotting flesh, unable to do more than blink. It took her nearly two weeks before she died. As a child I didnt understand that I forced my mother to die of starvation. 
Now, it has become my biggest fear. Trapped, unable to move and forced to rot and starve to death. The Jinn continued to search my body for and injury or a reason why my heart and breathing had become unstable. Unable to find anything she eventually said in a voice I could almost swear held concern
"Jace, what is wrong with you? I can find no new injury you should be in stable condition but somethings not right. Tell me."
I felt relief the moment I opened my mouth and was able to speak. 
"I can't be trapped like this. I watched mother die this way. Her spine was severed and she starved to death in front of my eyes. I was too young and too weak to put her out of her misery. Please just drive your dagger through my heart. I understand I need to die please try to have a little mercy. Don't torture me if for no reason than I am your hearts desire and you are mine."
My words like my eyes blurred by the time I was finished. I had thought I was so strong and could keep silent even during the worse torture possible but this was my weakness, my Achilles heel. Tears splashed down my cheeks and I was surprised when the Jinn reached out and cupped my face in her large hands. 
"Cry not my Slaugh. I'm not happy about this but the truth is I would never torture you. You are right, you are my hearts desire. I wish you weren't but I cannot change the fates."
The Jinn paused and ran her fingers through her long hair. Then she rubbed her eye and looked at me again. I wasn't sure what was running through her mind. Like mine, I could hear her heart racing and his breathing was coming a bit faster. 
She reached out and ran her hand along my arm. With every touch of her hand, my skin reacted with tiny little pleasurable electric shocks that flickered through me. I couldn't in all my life think of anything that had ever felt this good. I looked into her face and thought that she too looked like she was reveling in the feel of our flesh touching each other. She made a frustrated moan and pulled away from me and said in a voice that I could only describe as being full of sorrow
"Don't move my Slaugh. My soul is begging me to unite with you and make us one. I know that can never be and I am torturing myself with need for you. In time this will become as painful for you as it already is for me. I won't force you to endure this pain because I am weak. I will be strong for you. I will make this as quick and painless as possible. Make your peace with god and say your goodbyes."
I saw her reach into her pocket and pull out a sharp long wicked looking dagger. It had a gold hilt and was encrusted with jewels. Its blade was at least a foot long and was finely sharpened on both sides. I recognized it as a ritual dagger from the house of Olympia. It was then known as the Seelie killer. Queens of the past including Olympia used it in blood magic most often to kill Seelie court members in sacrifice. 
Huh, how fitting I thought. I would die with a weapon that was forged for ending the lives of Seelie court members. Odd, that it would be my Jinn true love that did the killing. So be it I thought. It would be a clean and fast ending. It was more than I deserved. I've always known it was going to happen sooner or later this would be a good death. I looked up at her and forced myself to smile. Then I said in soft but strong voice
"Thank you. It will be a good death for me. I promise to set your soul free. Perhaps someday in a next life both sides of our souls will find each other again. Hopefully in that life we will both be on the same side of the war. I am at peace with my maker. Goodbye and fly free my Jinn true love."
She nodded then I watched as she raised the dagger in the air and prepared to plunge it into my heart. I found myself wishing I could close my eyes so I wouldn't have to see the killing blow. I might have started weeping. I'm honestly not sure. I watched in terror as her arm descended towards me. I felt a sharp pain in my chest and would have screamed out if I had control of my vocal cords. 
Instead I remained silent and was forced to feel a burning sensation emanate from the core of my body until I suddenly became warm and serene. I think I might have reflectively smiled as I felt my eyes begin closing on their own accord. I felt what I thought was my spirit slipping away and I looked back at my Jinn for one last glimpse. I was saddened when I saw a tear slip from her eye.
Chapter 4  POINT OF VIEW  Jace
Just my luck, I woke up back in the same bed I had just tried to leave. This time my body ached so much more. My side throbbed in pain and my face burned. I looked around the room and took in my environment I had allowed my soul to pull from my body just as the Jinn plunged the dagger through my heart. I wouldn't have admitted it to anyone but I was afraid of the pain. In my ghosting form I could see what happened but I would be just a tiny bit detached from the sensations. I had escaped my body just in time to find myself staring in horror as the baby killer sunk through my flesh and buried itself inside of my heart. 
Even in my ghosting form I should have felt some of the pain. It should have caused me to snap immediately back into my body. I was surprised when I felt serene and happy instead of pain and sorrow. I was even more surprised that I was able to continue ghosting.
The Jinn however seemed to be suffering much more than I was. Pain was etched clearly in every movement of her body. I watched the Jinn drop to the ground sobbing in anguish and frustration. I could hear her words and I knew he was lamenting the loss of the other half of her soul. He cried and bellowed at the injustice of being mated to an Unseelie court. 
It was clear that he had been unprepared for the consequences of killing a soul mate. My mother had killed her true mate and I had been well versed in what to expect. Mom made no bones about how emotionally painful the experience would be. She once said we don't call it soul shattering for nothing. Imagine the most pain you think you could suffer than triple it. Your soul was never meant to be without its other half. By destroying that chance you will destroy the best part of you.
I watched my Jinn wipe her face with the back of her hand then he reached out and moved my hair gently away from my face and allowed her lips to brush against my forehead. His weeping filled my soul with such sadness and a longing to ease her suffering. I watched as he partially shifted and used her fire breath to melt the sacrificial dagger into nothing more than a mass of useless metal. He continued to touch and caress what I was sure was my dead or dying body. All the while sobbing and whimpering in mourning for what could have been between us.
His pain was so genuine and sincere that I found myself moving towards him with no intention but to comfort and soothe her pain. I knew in my ghosting form that he would be unable to see, hear or feel me but my own sadness at my death and her inevitable grief at my loss forced me into wrapping myself around her large tormented body. The moment I made contact with her body my soul shouted with pleasure and all thoughts of pain and sorrow were immediately blocked.
I felt our souls blend together on a cellular level. I had never really understood until that moment what it meant to have half a soul. Unlike some of the elders Id been born that way. Its impossible to miss that which youve never had. But at that moment, with her soul twisted and melded with mine I knew. I knew with utter conclusiveness that my soul and this Jinn belonged together. If only I could live, I am sure I would fall completely and unconditionally in love with him.
I was murmuring of wanting to have a second chance at love and life while I was allowing my soul to mix and dance with her. Every place our souls touched tiny little pulses of pleasure would blossom and bloom. I imagined pure joy and blissful satisfaction was radiating from the both of us. I was lost in the pleasure and for just a moment I had forgotten that my body lay dying not far from me. Without my permission I felt it tugging and pulling at my spirit to return to my remains.
I wanted to rail against the injustice of bringing me so close to paradise and yanking it away before I ever had a chance to enjoy it. My life had been nothing but pain and sorrow before finding this one moment of pure ecstasy and harmony. I hated that my body was dying and that in just a few more seconds my spirit would fade from this place to the next. I reached out with my hand with the intention of sliding it along her perfectly sculpted face as a way of saying good bye. I knew I wouldn't be able to feel her skin against mine that wasn't really even the purpose.
When a Slough ghosts we basically separate our soul from our body. We use the skill as way of seeing and being somewhere we really arent. You are not a corporeal being just an essence of sorts. You can't be seen or heard. You cant touch or feel anything, so when the Jinn suddenly jerked around and grabbed my arms I was beyond shocked. He stuttered and tried to speak while he looked questioning into my eyes.
I wanted to speak back and give him an explanation. I wanted to at least get to say goodbye but at that exact moment I felt my soul snap back into my dying body. Pain was emanating in sharp horrific bursts from my side and my chest. My lungs were desperately struggling to pull air into them. I was making sharp wheezing sounds and my heart was slowing to a stop. Something or someone touch my chest and the pain increased tenfold. I heard myself moan in pain and my world went black.
Chapter 5  POINT OF VIEW  HESTIA
When I returned to my room I found my Unseelie hearts desire on the floor bleeding profusely from the wound in his stomach. At the rate he was bleeding we would have less than an hour before his passed from this world to the next. I felt my heart grip tightly in my chest at the thought of losing him so soon. I needed more time. I wasnt ready. I hadnt even heard his voice yet. I lifted him gently in my arms and laid him back in my bed. Then I removed the soiled bandage and looked closely at the wound in his stomach.
The deep red blood contrasted sharply against his pale luminous skin. The wound itself was fatal. There was nothing that could repair such damage. His internal organs were basically scrambled. It was amazing that he found the strength to move at all. I did what I could to slow the bleeding in an attempt to buy us a few more hours together. I found myself gently running my fingers down the length of his silky black hair that fell mid-way down he long legs.
I heard his heart rate change and knew once again his was about to regain consciousness. Not wanting to look like the love sick animal that I was, I quickly pushed myself to my feet and flopped down in the chair at my desk. I did my best to relax and attempt to make myself look nonchalant. Then I told him very casually that his attempt to escape had been foolish and careless. 
I heard him start to rustle around and I knew I needed to stop him from moving around. Even the smallest movements would increase his bleeding exponentially and thereby decrease my time with him. So I used the Inhibitor to my benefit and gave him iron orders. He was not to do a single thing that I didnt specifically ask him to do. In this way I could be assured that he would remain still. I was desperate to finally hear my hearts desires voice, so I ordered him to give me he name. 
He voice came out rough but still sounded almost musical to my ears. Jace. I felt my heart do a tiny flip. Unseelie court members hated to give out their true name. An Unseelie courts true name held power. Knowing their name gave you a power over them. Thats why Unseelie court always lied. They used pet names that had no real meaning. I knew with the Inhibitor wrapped around his neck that Jace was his true name and I did indeed feel the power. 
Before today, Id never really understood what the Unseelie court meant by power, now however I felt something tangible from just saying his name in my mind. It made me want him even more. I wanted him to survive. I wanted us to have a chance to do what no other Slaugh and Jinn had done before us. I wanted to marry him and share eternity in his arms. I wanted to purr his name out loud while I loved him as a woman loved her man. 
I found myself silently saying his name in my head several times. Each time I said his name my soul would tingle in pleasure and excitement. I was throbbing with desire for my Jace. I looked down at him with the intention of doing I dont know what. In that moment I realized I was losing control of myself. Knowing Jaces name didnt give me power over him, it gave him power over me. I felt even more hopeless now than I had before. I blinked several times and looked directly into his pure black colorless eyes and realized his was intently staring at me. Most likely his was trying to determine if my attraction to him could be used as an advantage. 
I had to keep my distance. I couldnt shame myself anymore. In a desperate attempt to keep the truth from him, I quickly nodded at him and moved back to the table. With my back now to him I pushed the cold food around on a plate while I pulled myself back together. My Marchioness had been right. She begged me not to subject myself to the humiliation of my Unseelie court hearts desire. She and the Marques swore that he would cast a spell on me that would make me want to turn my back on everything that made me a Jinn. They swore that with a just few hours I would be completely at his mercy. I didnt want to believe them but it hadnt even been that long and I knew I was already lost. If not for the Inhibitor forcing him into silence I would have done anything he asked of me.
I was tired and frustrated as several tears slip from my eyes and rolled down my cheeks. I wiped at them with the back of my hands and gave myself a mental berating. I was a noble Jinn of many years not a stupid animal still wet behind the years. Death is a part of life it is natural and good. I need to embrace our deaths and focus on our afterlife. There Jace and I would not be enemies we would be one soul together in peace and serenity. I took a deep breath and shook off the last vestiges of my negativity. Thats when I realized that Jaces breathing had become strained and irregular. His heart was doing overtime and I could smell he fear. 
I twisted in my chair as my eyes sought out his stomach area. I was expecting to see the white sheets were now stained red with Jace's blood. Not seeing anything on the sheets, but feeling his panic and pain rising I quickly moved back to his side and tore the bandage from he wound. I sniffed deeply and could smell the foul odor of infection. Despite that however it was still only oozing a small amount of blood. He should be in stable condition. So then why was he in so much pain? I scratched my head in confusion before I forced myself to ask him what was wrong.
I felt my heart clench in pain with each word he said. He basically told me I was smothering him to death with the Inhibitor. I was purposefully causing him mental anguish and unbearable pain by keeping him alive and with me. I was torturing the one person in the world that I was meant to love with my heart and soul. Then Jace begged me for mercy. I knew no matter how much I wanted to be with him in the here and now it just wasnt possible. 
Forcing him to die slowly while being held by an Inhibitor was selfish and cruel and unusual punishment. Not a death worthy of a warrior. Jace deserved better. I needed to be the honorable Jinn I was born to be. I was his hearts desire and it was my responsibility to care for and love hm. I watched tears fall recklessly down his face and couldnt stop myself from grasping his face in my hands and gently wiping them away. Then I embraced his pain and committed myself to doing the right thing for both of us.
I took my time allowing my soul to say goodbye to his. I knew I needed to feel, smell and touch him for just a few moments before I did what needed to be done. I embraced the pleasure I gained from our skin to skin contact. I allowed my soul to wrap itself around his and lull me into a false sense of peacefulness. I so desperately wanted the tranquility I knew I could only find in Jaces arms. 
Then before I could change my mind I grasped the Unseelie court blade Id placed in my pocket earlier and poised it above Jace with the intention of ending his pain and mine. I was dumbfounded when I saw acceptance and relief wash across Jaces face. Then he said in a voice filled with composure
"Thank you. It will be a good death for me. I promise to set your soul free. Perhaps someday in a next life both sides of our souls will find each other again. Hopefully in that life we will both be on the same side of the war. I am at peace with my maker. Goodbye and fly free my Jinn."
Then before I could stop myself I plunged the knife directly and deeply into Jaces heart. I knew my blow was true and I also knew that it would take only seconds for his heart to cease and his soul to move from this life to the next. I watched a small yet peaceful smile cross his face as he eyes closed and his breathing and heartbeat ceased. I felt my own tears slip from my eyes as I felt my soul ignite in tormented sorrow.
Chapter 6  POINT OF VIEW  Jace
My next thought was that I felt as light as a feather. I opened my eyes and realized I was floating above my body. The Jinn was lying across my stomach and was still weeping softly. I felt no pain and little to no sorrow. I figured I must be dead since there was very different than ghosting. Even when I would ghost I was somehow me. My body my shape my blue aura. Now however, I was nothing more than pale white light energy. 
I heard something and turned away from my body. I watched as two Jinn entered the room. Both the male and the female were even bigger than my Jinn. I wondered if they were the Jinn Marques and Marchioness. I noticed the tattoo stripes on her arms and my suspicions were confirmed.
Jinns generally stayed in the casts they are born in. Each cast had one Marquis or one Marchioness. Or both if they have already found their hearts desire. The second in command is a Baron or Baroness the lower levels are officers down to the lowest rank of soldier. My Jinn true love is a Baroness, the second in command of her cast. I knew that because her upper arms sported six rings. The highest level in any Jinn cast was seven.
The Marchioness took one look at my body lying on the bed and started shouting obscenities. If I had to guess she was angry that my true love brought me to their home. Her hands were flying all over and her words seemed to become angrier by the second. Then the Marchioness lifted her sword in the air and without any additional warning she ran it through my Jinn true love. 
I watched my true love gasp in pain as she slowly fell to her knees. The Marquis started pale white when the Marchioness stopped then he kicked my Jinn in her side. My Jinn went from her knees down to her stomach. I could see blood pouring from her stomach wound and I knew it was most likely a death blow. I should have felt sadness or sorrow for her death and pain but my soul was too busy rejoicing at the idea of moving to the next life together.
I watched the Marchioness spit on the now unmoving body of my Jinn. Then she threw something at her and her and the Marquis left the room. I moved over to my Jinn and tried to figure out if she was still breathing and if her heart was still beating. In this strange form however I couldn't hear her heart of feel the air against me. I finally decided that since I couldn't see her soul that she was unconscious not dead yet. 
With that thought in mind, I ignored the impulse to allow my energy to move on and decided instead to force myself to stay at her side. If there was any possibility that we could achieve in death what we could not in life I wasn't going to go anywhere. I wanted more than anything to unite my soul with hers and enter the afterlife together.
Chapter 7  POINT OF VIEW  Jace
My eyes snapped open of their own accord. My mind was doing double time trying to understand my situation. Where was I? If I was dead why was I still in so much agonizing pain? Who was talking? I knew it wasnt my Jinn despite the voice being soft and feminine. How did I get here and most importantly how did I make the piercing pain stop?
Easy honey, dont move or your undo all the wonderful work Ive done to save your life. You are going to be just fine in a few weeks. Your hearts desire is hanging in there as well. I think it was a miracle that the both of you survived.
I felt something warm go into my arm and the pain dulled along with my other senses. Then I heard the female move around the bed and sit beside me. Then she continued in a gentle tone
God must have saved the both of you for a reason. You should both be dead no doubt about it. You were stabbed straight through the heart and she was stabbed through all her major organs. Her body was damn near cleaved in two yet her dying body fell across yours and her blood and yours mixed. Its almost too crazy to believe but your souls bonded and somehow found the strength to survive long enough for Castor to find you both.
It shouldnt have been possible. In fact I cant quite understand it but both of your DNA has changed. I know you cant open your eyes and look but you are covered in a blue Jinn skin veneer just like hers. There are other major changes but we can discuss them when you are fully healed. I guess the main point is, I dont have the answers but I think that you blood bond saved your life.
I was trying to concentrate on her words when I heard a moan that tugged at my heart. Somehow I just knew it was my Jinn. She sounded like she was in terrible pain and I wanted to comfort her. The female also must have heard the moan since I felt the bed move in what I assume was her standing up. Then I heard movement to my right before her voice again filled the room.
Easy Hestia let down your skin veneer so I can give you some pain medication. 
I heard her grunt out a no. Hestia must be my Jinns name. It was a great name and held only for those of ancient Jinn blood. That meant my Jinn was one of the original Jinn families dating back to the original creation. If I could control my facial muscles I am sure I would have smiled since I oddly found myself pleased that the other half of my soul had been held in a worthy body.
While we in the Unseelie court ruled and commanded the Jinn before the war we held them in great honor. Unlike the Brownies, Pixies, and the Sidhe the Jinns were a superior honorable society. They contained almost as much power, magic and intelligence as the Unseelie court. If the Jinns had not agreed to join the other Seelie court members we Unseelie court would have easily won the war. I heard the female which I decided must be a medic make a huffing sound before she continued in a strong but patient voice
Now Hestia, I didnt save your life to watch you suffer. You are still in very serious condition. I need to give you the pain meds so that you can sleep and heal. 
I found myself pushing through the fog and forcing my eyes to open. I wanted to see my Jinn and verify her condition myself. I pushed my eyelids up and was forced to immediately close them again due to the bright piercing light. I heard my hearts desire Hestia groan in agony then say in a broken voice clearly filled with horrific pain
I dont want to live without him. Dinlas please let me die. I killed my own hearts desire. I dont want to live anymore. Stop trying to save me and let me die with him. The medic almost shouted back at my Jinn
Damn it Hestia, she is not dead! We have had this conversation five times already. Every time the drugs wear off you forget. Hes alive and healing. I swear your Unseelie hearts desire is lying in the bed next to you. I just gave him pain meds. Now drop your skin veneer and let me give you something for the pain.
I heard my hearts desire refuse again and the medic started shouting profanities. Then I heard a strong male voice join hers in trying to convince my hearts desire to drop her skin veneer. I wanted to help, I wanted to say or do something but each second that ticked by I found myself becoming even more complacent. 
Chapter 8  POINT OF VIEW  Jace 
 Come on sleepy head I need you to wake up for a few minutes so I can run some tests the voice was demanding and continued to call to me over and over again.
Jace, I know you hear me. You need to wake up for me. Its important. Come on Jace wakey wakey. 
I had no desire to wake up. I was so comfortable and happy I just wanted to remain exactly where I was. I was on the most comfortable bed I had ever had the pleasure of sleeping in. I wanted the voice to shut up and leave me alone but it just kept talking. Finally I pushed my eyes open with the intention of telling the speaker to shut up. I immediately closed them again and tried to verbalize my request. I was surprised by how rough and cracked my own voice sounded to my ears
Leave me alone, I want to sleep. I heard the female chuckle before she said even more forcibly.
Jace! You need to wake up and drop you skin veneer. You are becoming almost as problematic as your hearts desire. I cant do the blood tests or even give you pain meds if the both of you insist on keeping your skin veneer on.
I tried to wrap myself around her words skin veneer? Thats when her conversation with me from before came back. I was alive and blood bonded to my Jinn, Hestia. Our blood bonding somehow saved our lives. The more that came back the more alert my brain started to feel. I forced my eyes open again and blinked them several times as I allowed them to adjust to the light. I glanced into the face of a female Unseelie court Brownie. I knew she was a Brownie by her tiny little shape, standing no more than four feet top, her large perturbing fangs and her bright red long hair and her. I tilted my head slightly to the left and looked questionable at her. She smiled warmly and said
I am medic Dinlas; you can call me Dinlas, medic Dinlas or just medic for short. Do you prefer Jace or some other title? You and your hearts desire are doing wonderful. You are almost completely healed and Hestia is doing remarkably well.
I swallowed again as Dinlas passed me a glass of water. I was surprised when I had the strength to lift it to my own lips. I took two swallows before I realized I was not alone in the bed. Seeing my female next to me surprised me enough that I moaned and dropped the glass on my lap. I felt the cool water soak through the sheet and wet the bed beneath me.
I heard Dinlas chuckle again as she immediately pulled the wet sheet from my lap. I suddenly comprehend I was without any clothing and so was my hearts desire. My eyes must have grown five sizes larger as I looked at my body that was covered in a dark of blue shaded skin veneer. I glanced towards my Jinn and saw she too was covered in identical skin veneer as mine. 
For a few moments I found myself enthralled by her beauty of our skin veneer. We shimmered and glistening and shined like a thousand tiny little diamonds. I couldnt stop myself from gasping in awe. Then my situation finally flowered inside of my foggy brain and I looked up at Dinlas and started firing off questions. One question after the other not even slowing down to wait for an answer.
How long have we been here? How did we get here? Why do you think I have skin veneer? Why am I in bed with Hestia? That is her name right? How bad are her injuries? Why are you here? Your Unseelie court why help a Jinn? Its illegal for an Unseelie court member to bond or wed a Seelie court member!
My last words were a statement not a question but I was suddenly filled with fear. Had my kin healed my Jinn and me just so they judge us as criminals in an Unseelie court of law and publicly execute us? I had heard the queen was capturing and killing others that had gone against her decrees. Queen Hekuba was almost barbaric in her approach to reprimanding any who broke her laws. She was killing almost as many Unseelie as the war itself.
Each year of her reign she would create and decree new laws for the Unseelie court. Her most stringent is the law forbidding us to wed our hearts desires unless the soul is held within another Unseelie court member. She is singlehandedly helping the Seelie court members to make our species extinct. It would not surprise me that she would heal both my hearts desire and me so that she could publicly decree we had broken her law and have us beheaded in front of the entire royal court. I swallowed nervously and found myself reaching out to touch my Jinn gently. I heard Dinlas take a deep breath then say in a soft gentle voice
I no longer support the royal Unseelie court. In fact I no longer have any ties to the Unseelie court laws or rules. I chose to help the needy regardless of their race. I cannot abide by the foolish laws queen Hekuba has set for our people. The royal family is responsible for this entire mess. It was their desires and foolish goals that started the war. Then it was their bad judgment and magic spells that tore our souls apart. Now on the eve of our extinction they forbid us from even finding peace in death. I cannot and will not support that kind of stupidity. 
You and your hearts desire Hestia, and yes that is her name, are safe here. This entire camp is made up of evacuees from all races. We keep to ourselves and try to stay out of politics and the war. Our goal is for a peaceful quiet life. Its been just a few days since you were awake last. Castor suggested that we put the two of you in the same bed. He thought since your DNA changed you might heal faster if you and Hestia had physical contact. 
It is a well-known fact that Seelie court members heal three times faster when their hearts desire is next to them. Turns out he was right, you and Hestia both healed much faster the moment we allowed you to be in physical contact with each other.
Chapter 9  POINT OF VIEW  Jace 
Dinlas seemed genuine, but I had grown up in a cruel world that taught me hard lessons in how never to take anyone at their word. The realities where everyone was out for themselves. I had a hard time believing that Dinlas could be doing this at no benefit to herself. Thats simply not how life worked. Life was cruel, insensitive and ruthless. You did things that were far from kind in order to survive. You lied, cheated and stole if necessary. All was fair in love and war. This was war! 
I gave Dinlas one of my best I wont be bamboozled looks then forced a fake smile on my face while I started scoping out my options. If it was the queen that orchestrated this fiasco then I would have to be at the royal palace. The room dcor however said differently. No way would any room within the royal lands be decorated like this. Not even the dungeon would dare to have so many vibrant non sanctioned colors. The queen would likely have the owner beheaded on site for the using one unnatural color nonetheless the four very distinctive non-sanctioned colors I could see from my position on the bed.
Color prohibitions were sanctioned more than fourteen years ago. It was one of the many ridiculous and self-serving decrees made by our current Unseelie court queen Hekuba. Basically she deemed all non-essential Unseelie court colors as illegal. She said bright colors and nontraditional Unseelie court colors were evil and helped the Seelie court members to defeat us. She had everything painted and forced us to burn any clothes that were not one of the four basic Unseelie court colors; Forest Green, Aqua Blue, Sunflower Pale white and of course Blood Red. 
I had to think that even the queen wouldnt go to these kinds of lengths to fool me. The bedding my hearts desire and I were resting on was pale lavender. The curtains that hung across the window were light green and the carpet appeared to be some kind of orangey brown. The most distinctive color however was the bright pink fluffy towel that was hanging over the bathroom door.
My mind was razor sharp and comprehend that Dinlas wasnt working for the queen and quickly shifted directions. In order to keep her occupied while I came up with a strategy I decided I would pump her for any information she was willing to share. I knew much of the information she would share would be contrived to keep me off balance. That was fine with me. My mother taught me much of the games of war and I understood psychological warfare better than most. I could use her propaganda to my advantage. Besides, I needed to understand the implications of my blood bond. I needed to find a way to survive that most likely now included her survival as well.
So Dinlas, if this is an evacuee camp how come youre the only person Ive seen? Who else is here? Can I meet them? Im sure you would understand why I might have a hard time accepting and digesting your remarks as truth.
Dinlas gave me an Ill show you look then cleared her throat.
I see you come from the prove it to me side of town. I suppose you wouldnt have survived this long on your own if you just took every one at their word. I have no problem with proving it to you. I do however have a counter request. I would hope you want to do it out of love but have found much resistance from other Unseelie court members, so I must insist on an oath that you will comply. When I prove to you that we are a harmless evacuee settlement, you will agree and have a wedding ceremony with your hearts desire. The blood bond was enough to connect you but shes draining necessary life energy through her soul.
I considered her words and I understood why many other Unseelie court would have resisted. To wed my Jinn would make me vulnerable to her. She would have instant access to all aspects of my past. I would never be able to lie or hide anything from her. She would feel and sense all of my thoughts and feelings. Nothing would ever again be private. That however was a two edged sword. 
On the flip side, if we didnt marry she would continue to lose energy and probably fade into the next life. Since my Jinn and I were already blood bonded we would live and die by the same chronometer. The fates would cut both of our strings at the same time. I wasnt sure giving up my privacy was worth losing my life. I had nothing in my past to be ashamed of and nothing in my heart that was dishonorable. I was a worthy hearts desire and found my Jinn to be worthy as well. Honestly I didnt think I had anything to lose by completely the ceremony and forging a complete soul bond with Hestia.
I ran the details of the wedding ceremony through my mind and recalled that it ended with us have sexual relations. I felt my groin twitch with delight at the thought of being with my hearts desire, Hestia. My people are a sensual and open community and sexual relations are considered everyday life. It doesnt require a commitment for two Unseelie court members to enjoy each others company and bodies. I however had never slept around. I always felt it was something that should only be shared with a precious few in life. I also rarely ever found a woman of the Unseelie court or Seelie court for that matter overly attractive.
Hestia however was different. For some reason I loved the idea of running my hands down her body. Feeling her muscles tighten beneath me and knowing that I would caress and touch her in places hopefully no one else had ever touched. I felt my manhood twitch again between my legs and decided that marrying Hestia would likely prove to be very enjoyable for both of us. If the medic could prove that her words were honorable and true I would have done far more than wed my hearts desire.
Before I blurted out something that I would later regret I used a stalling tactic and reached over and touched the side of my Jinns face. I hadnt meant to do anything but delay my agreement. When Hestias essence flared beneath my fingertips I felt my own soul quiver. The medic was right, Hestia was leaking energy and her life force was draining quicker then it could regenerate.
I was suddenly scared that the medic had led me to believe she was healthier and in far better condition than my own senses told me. Her injuries might be too severe for us to even complete the wedding ceremony. The more I hesitated the more concerned I became for her condition. Before I thought it through clearly or could even consider stopping myself I pushed away the sheet and started to remove her bandages from her midsection. I heard medic Dinlas in the background warning me to be gentle and careful.
I pulled the last strip of cloth off of my Jinn and took in a deep gasping breath. It was beyond a miracle that she was still alive. It was clear that her Marchioness had intended to cut her clean in half. It looked as if the only thing that held the top and bottom together was my Jinns spine. I had always been told a Jinn's skin veneer were unbreakable and impenetrable. 
I knew that to be a lie now, because Hestia skin veneer were completely cut in two. There was still a good amount of blood seeping from the four inch wide wound. I swallowed hard and found myself becoming fearful that her injury was too severe for him to ever heal. I had to wonder if it would prevent him from ever taking her Jinn form again. I realized at that moment that Hestia might possibly be paralyzed and unable to ever leave a bed.
I suddenly had thoughts of my suffering mother floating through my mind. I would not be weak and selfish. I would not force her to endure a lifetime of pain and suffering so that I could continue to survive. At that moment I started to think her life was just as precious as mine and if both of us could not have the freedom of movement then I would relinquish my time on earth and set us both free. When push came to shove that was exactly the sacrifice Hestia had been willing to make for me. I could do nothing but the same for her.
Dinlas had been silently watching me take in Hestia condition. This changed everything and nothing. I would do as Dinlas requested and marry Hestia. Part of me felt guilty that I would have to delay the wedding until I returned. I had fears that every second her essence continued to leak took her one step closer to death.
I made myself promise that the moment I came back, regardless of what I learned I would marry Hestia and feed her my energy and life essence. I would push myself to the brink of exhaustion in order to provide every ounce of energy I could for her. I would continue to feed her my energy until she could no longer absorb it. I would do what I could to restore her to a condition fit for the living then I would find a way to live with her. 
If my best wasnt good enough then I would do what had to be done. I would never again allow someone to suffer the way my mother had. With my newfound goals clearly front and center of my mind I decided I would cooperate and participate in whatever game Dinlas was playing. The benefits to Hestia outweighed any dangers to myself at this given time. I smiled up at Dinlas and said in a voice that sounded far calmer and far less interested than I really was
Dinlas, I would be very happy if you chose to prove to me you intentions. If you can do that, then I promise to marry Hestia despite how repulsive the idea is to me. If and only if you can prove everything youve said then you have my word as a Slaugh. 
Chapter 10  POINT OF VIEW  Jace 
Agreeing with Dinlas seemed to please her since her face lit up with a huge smile before she said
Wonderful, you are not the first person that we have had to prove it to. We pretty much have this down to a science. If you would please let me get you into this wheelchair I can take you around the entire settlement. You can meet and speak with anyone and everyone your heart desires. Then, when youve had enough I will bring you back here so that you can keep your word to me.
Then she quickly pulled a wheel chair out from a closet and wheeled it over towards the bed. I was surprised by how easily I seemed to be able to get myself into a sitting position. I had some dull aching but not the severe pain Id had the last time Id been awake.
I shifted myself towards the side of the bed and Dinlas grabbed hold of my legs and swung them off the side. The abrupt movement caused a stabbing pain to shoot from my abdomen and down my left leg. I couldnt stop myself from moaning in pain. Dinlas stopped immediately and looked questionably at me before saying in a low soft tone of voice
Are you sure you dont want to lower your skin veneer long enough for me to give you some pain medication?
I considered it but decided against lowering the skin veneer and getting pain meds. My decision was three fold. First I wanted my mind to be clear and sharp while I took a tour of the facilities. Seconds, the pain had lessened to a dull ache and third and most importantly I had absolutely no fragging idea of how to make the skin veneer go away. With my decision made, I replied to her through mildly gritted teeth
Im fine; it was just a shock to suddenly move. If you could be a bit gentler as you lower me to the wheelchair I would appreciate it.
Dinlas raised her eyebrows at me but said nothing as she gripped me around my upper half and quickly but gently set me in the wheelchair. It was at that moment I realized I had not one shred of clothing on my body. While I was covered in skin veneer from head to toe it still left nothing to the imagination. All my manly goods were dangling in the air. I had been just about to open my mouth and request some type of clothing when Dinlas pulled a soft pink see through silk coverlet from the closet and covered my legs with it.
As my people traditionally had little shame and even less modesty I wasnt surprised that she felt no need to give me something that would keep my privates private. However Id learned the hard way to keep myself covered if I didnt want to openly suggest that I was interested in having sexual relations. With that in mind I quickly doubled up the coverlet so it was not completely see through. Dinlas noticed my odd behavior and said worriedly
Are you cold? The temperature in here should be optimal for all life forms. If you are cold it could indicate you have some type of infection that I missed. 
I watched her rush over to the table beside the bed and begin sorting through equipment. I imagined that she was looking for something specific to test me with. Not wanting to give her the full truth but knowing that I needed to stop her before she got carried away I said in a somewhat sarcastic voice
I am not cold. I just didnt want to attract too much attention. I am wedding my Jinn tonight. In my condition I dont need to have too many sexual admirers. It been a while and I could get carried away. That could lead me to wear myself out or possible re-injure myself.
My words clearly surprised Dinlas since she dropped her head into her hand and faked a cough. Then she said in a voice I would have described as having a naughty quality to it
Oh, I totally understand. Having sex with a Jinn is very demanding, much more so than Unseelie court sex. She will not only rock your world she might even shake the entire building. You are right to make sure you dont draw the attention of any other possible suitors. Youre going to need everything you have to keep that Jinn of yours satisfied.
Then without allowing me to say anything in return she got behind my chair and started wheeling me out of the room. I was glad she didnt expect a response from me. Her words in truth scared me just a tad. Id never been sexually active with a Seelie court member, hell I had no idea if I was capable of pleasing my Jinn. I hadnt thought it would be different before the medic said so. Now however I was nervous.
Unseelie court are matriarchal families since it is rare that a female Unseelie ever commits to a singular male sex partner. In fact most Unseelie participate in sexual acts with both males and females sometimes both at the same time. In general Unseelie have no modesty and immensely enjoy voyeurism and multiple sex partners. Because of that I had no idea who my father even was. At the time of my conception my mother kept multiple lovers and none of them claimed me after her death. It is also common for Unseelie to live in a group environment to share sexual partners.
That got me thinking about how my relationship with the Jinn would work. Would my Jinn expect me to have multiple partners? Would she want multiple partners? I was once told that Seelie court members tend to choose a singular sexual partner and remain with them for longer periods of time, sometimes even for life. 
Ive also heard the Seelie court members can become possessive of their sexual partner so much so that Ive heard about male Brownies and Jinns that have fought and killed other males simply for having sex with their chosen female. Would my Jinn feel that way about me? I found myself enjoying the idea that my Jinn and I could be monogamous with each other. I certainly knew that I didnt like the idea of her being with anyone but me.
Then again, I really had no idea how it would work with my Jinn. Unseelie court and Seelie court members to my knowledge didnt have sex with each other. I had no history or folklore to guide me. Id never heard of anyone ever successfully marrying a Seelie court member. I had no idea if it would even work the same way as Unseelie sex. Id never seen a female Jinns sexual organs in their human form. Did they have sex as a human or a beast? I know Id seen a female Sidhe and her parts were more or less the same as a female Slaugh. What if she preferred to have sex as a Jinn? I know the size of her as a Jinn and no way would we be able to do that. I would never be able to give her what she needed. Maybe thats why Dinlas said she would shake the entire building down. 
I was forced out of my thoughts as Dinlas pulled me into a small but warmly decorated office and cleared her throat. I immediately started chastising myself when I realized she must have wheeled me down a hallway or something and I hadnt noticed a single thing. Id been so wrapped up in my thoughts I missed everything. Now I was in a room sitting opposite of a very small male with light brown hair and bright blue eyes. He was wearing a dark blue satin pull over shirt and I believe some type of black leggings.
I was a little surprised that Trolls were also in the camp. I added that new piece of information to my future consideration. It was enough to make me wonder if this really could be an evacuee settlement. The truth was, I had assumed Dinlas was going to introduce me to more Unseelie court and perhaps a Jinn or two since thats what Hestia is. I had never really thought multiple Seelie court members and Unseelie court could reside in the same location.
Even before the war most species of Seelie court members didnt cohabitate with each other. Jinn lived in the fog of the mountains with Slaugh. Trolls lived in plains and mountains with the Brownies, Sidhe lived in the forests and jungles with the Kelpies and Goblins lived on and near active volcanos most often found on islands with the Pixies. Not wanting to get trapped in my own thoughts again I quickly pushed it out of my mind and forced myself to focus on my surroundings.
I took two slow revolutions around the room. I took in everything from the hand drawn depictions on the walls to the missing fibers in the carpet. Several things were abundantly clear. First this was a very old room I deduced this from the paintings on wall. They were clearly done hundreds of years ago based on the materials they used. Second the room was used most often by a Troll Viscount. 
I determined this for two reasons. One the furniture was thick and made of sturdy wood not thatches and two there was a large variety of color splashed all over the room. Which brings me to my third conclusion, the room was intended for subtle interrogation. I came to this realization based on the fact that it was made to look warm and comfortable but had too many large overstuffed seating apparitions spread throughout the space.
Finally I surmised that the now very large very angry looking male Troll now mere inches from my face was beyond a doubt the medics hearts desire. This became abundantly clear when he swiftly flew over the table, enlarged into his giant form and wedged himself between myself and medic Dinlas.
Chapter 11  POINT OF VIEW  Jace 
"Don't move. I don't want to do anything we will all regret in an hour or two."
I heard the Trolls words and felt his hot breath blow across my face. I wasn't sure what he thought I was going to do in my condition not to mention that I had no idea why he would regret anything. This was war and I was the enemy. Feelings of regret were reserved for people and things that mattered.
Either way I remained perfectly still allowing him to make the next move. I watched as medic Dinlas slowly pushed her way back between us and whispered something in her ear. I wasn't sure what she said but whatever it was I was pleased that it was enough for him to take a step back. With a little distance between us I could see his chest rumbling and his nostrils flaring in and out. 
Medic Dinlas moved away from him and grabbed the back of my wheelchair. I think she intended to wheel me out of the room when he moved closer and growled a warning low in his throat. I was shocked when medic Dinlas didn't even slow down. Instead she threw open the office door and said in a voice I am sure was more for the Troll then me.
"Pay him no mind Jace. He's jealous and possessive. Thinks he can win my attention by being a bully and trying to scare everyone away from me. He's going to have to learn to control himself a lot better if ever thinks to win my heart."
I heard the Troll kick something and grunt in pain before medic Dinlas slammed the door shut behind us and said 
"Let's go find someone else to chat with. Have you ever had the pleasure of meeting a Pixie? I bet not since they rarely ever leave the vicinity of volcano."
We moved down a brightly lit corridor then into a room unlike any I had ever seen before. It was huge, more than fifty foot long and twenty five foot wide. Tables were lined up in rows and more than fifty people sat eating.
I smelled Pixies, Sidhe, Trolls, Goblins, Slaugh and even Jinn. I saw Brownies, Kelpies and even changelings in the same place. Seelie and Unseelie eating together. I was suddenly very confused and very scared at the same time. I was already a little uncomfortable being in the company of a Brownie despite her being of the Unseelie court. Now to find myself suddenly in a room with so many Unseelie and Seelie court members left me breathless. I felt my heart rate increase and my breathing became unstable. I tried my best to regain my composure but in the end it was too much and my body shut down.
Chapter 12  POINT OF VIEW  Jace 
When I awoke I was back in bed lying next to my Jinn. I could hear her giving medic Dinlas hell in her deep almost baritone voice. She like me was refusing to drop her skin veneer. Unlike me I was sure her reasons were for safety not because she had no idea how to.
I found myself rolling onto my side and allowing my arm to lightly press against her back. The moment my arm touched her back I felt her instantly still. Then with a speed I wouldn't have thought her injured body was capable of, she spun around and pulled me completely into her arms.
I found myself staring into her amazing amethyst eyes. I could feel my insides melting. Shae was so absolutely beautiful. Even with her tanned skin hidden beneath the thick layer of dark blue skin veneer I could see how perfect her face was assembled. I found myself staring at her lips and wondering what they would feel like pressed to mine.
All the things I wondered about earlier in the day came rushing back into my mind. Without thinking I reached out and ran my thumb along her lips. She gasped for air and I saw her lips part begging for further exploration.
I watched as Hestia leaned in and I swore she was silently begging for me to kiss her. I should have been afraid or in the least apprehensive but I was excited at the prospect. This wouldn't be my first kiss but it just might be the first one I actually wanted. Typical of my race, men and women alike have often pushed their lips on mine. Sometimes they would even shove their tongues into my mouth. I always pushed them away quickly and felt nothing but revulsion and disgust.
This time however something deep within me told me that I would enjoy it. I was certain that for some reason my body would enjoy touching the Jinn and having her touch me. The world seemed to slow to an almost dead stop as I slowly moved closer to her lips until we touched. I was surprised how soft and silky her lips felt when they touched mine. I had expected our skin veneer to be rough and abrasive against each other but instead I felt only warmth like warm butter on fresh bread.
The moment my lips pulled away from Hestias her hand shot out to touch her lips. I would bet hers were still tingling like my own. That's when I realized our skin veneer had disappeared from both her and my lips. Hestia actually winked at me then turned her attention back to medic Dinlas and said
"Thank you for saving both of our lives. I would be lying if I said your stories of an evacuee camp don't intrigue me, but for now my instincts tell me that we are still under threat. I will not drop my hearts desires skin veneer or mine own for any reason."
I heard medic Dinlas sputter then she turned on her heels and charged out of the room muttering something about overbearing, commandeering Seelie court. I could even swear she mumbled under her breath something about damn Jinns and their skin veneer too. Then I heard her shouting at someone in the hall. Before I could even move the door reopened. I could see someone out of the corner of my eye. Based on his size and demeanor I guessed he was also a Jinn. Then he confirmed my instincts when he immediately dropped on one knee before our bed and said 
"Baroness, permission to speak freely?"
Hestia forced herself into a sitting position while making sure to keep the majority of my body firmly placed behind her. I think I should have been a little appalled that a female was trying to shield me but the truth was before the war, the Jinn were the Slaugh body guards for centuries so her taking point felt very natural. I heard her clear her throat them she said in a voice I knew was barely hiding her physical pain
"Speak soldier and be brief I am still in need of rest and recovery."
The Jinn nodded and stood back up before saying in a voice filled with respect
"Thank you Baroness. My name is Castor. I serve as a sleuth in this camp. It is my job to keep my ear to the ground for any Jinn that could become allies and or could benefit from our evacuee camp. We always need strong Jinn to help feed and care for so many of us. Its a dangerous world outside of these walls and we like to have as many friendlies as we can.
Anyhow, I overheard the Marchioness of your compound bragging about how she intended to kill you and your Unseelie court hearts desire and I rushed to find you before she could. Unfortunately she had already stabbed your hearts desire and damn near cut you in two before I got there.
Thankfully she thought you were both dead so I was able to sneak the both of you out of the compound and have you magically transported here. This is a safe zone hidden from all sides of the war. We are trying to make a new home free of discrimination, war and hate.
It took lots of magic from both the Seelie and Unseelie courts to create the magic necessary to craft our new home. We are basically in a realm all to our own. Medic Dinlas was one of the major benefactors from the Unseelie court. She sacrificed a lot to make this home and she's been suffering to heal you too. 
You being a Jinn like me understand better than most that magic comes at a high price. You refusing to allow medic Dinlas to finish what she started is like sticking a hot poker in her eye. If we wanted to hurt you or your hearts desire we could have done it lots of times while both of you were weak as babies.
I know it goes against your nature but if you would just allow yourself to relax just a tad bit you would see the truth for yourself. We have several mixed court couples here. My own hearts desire is a human and I keep her skin veneer down while we are here in the evacuee camp. I only raise them if we are going outside to forage for supplies."
He stopped speaking for a moment and Hestia said the words I'd been thinking too.
"Prove it. Bring your human hearts desire to me and allow me to touch her without her skin veneer."
Then to both mine and Hestia's surprise the male Jinn who called himself Castor agreed to Hestia's demand and as was the tradition of the Jinn he slammed his fist into his chest, showing her allegiance then nodded his head and exited the room.
Chapter 13  POINT OF VIEW  Jace 
The moment the door closed behind Castor I heard Hestia taking several deep breaths each one was accompanied by an almost but not completely silent moan of pain. I started to wiggle around with the intention of pushing myself out from behind Hestia. I wanted to keep my movements at a minimum in order to prevent causing her any additional pain.
Dont she commanded. 
The second the words were out of her mouth I immediately seized all movement. Then she said in a softer but still commanding voice
I would have killed you Jace. It went against everything that I am to harm you. You are destined to be the love of my life. My one true love. You are my hearts desire. You have the other half of my soul within you. It is my duty as your true love and a Jinn to see to your every need. It is not possible for me to refuse you anything. I did as you asked. You know I tried. 
I heard her breath hitch and even though I couldnt see her I knew tears had begun to slip from her eyes
It was the fates that chose to keep us alive. Dont ever ask that of me again. Please just let me do my duty as your hearts desire. Let me protect, cherish and provide for you. The fates must have saved us for a reason. There must be a way.
I found myself swallowing hard. I didnt have a clue on what I should say. Did she even expect a response? Most of the words she said had little meaning to me. The Jinn and the rest of the Seelie court were so different from the Unseelie court. They spoke of things like love and infidelity, emotions of that kind were things reserved for the Seelie court members. Unseelie people got together with one another for pleasure and procreation. Male Unseelie members cared for and respected only their mother and Unseelie members of a higher rank. They had no responsibility or emotions for any other being. Females had the pleasure of caring their mother, higher ranking Unseelie court and any children they might birth. 
How did that compare to the words Hestia said to me? I knew Hestia intended for her words to have high importance to me. She was baring her soul and asking me to give us a chance. I wanted to do the right thing. I didnt want to cause her anymore pain. I certainly was attracted to her and for some strange reason when I was near her I felt safer than I had ever felt in my life. Even stranger, I also suddenly had the desire to protect her in my own way. But I really wasnt even sure if I was capable of these feelings she spoke of.
The more I thought of her words the more my heart rate increase and my breathing became sporadic and labored. I could feel what I would describe as panic building within me. I knew she was waiting for me to say something but I had no words I could speak. Instead, I found myself circling her body with my arms and resting my cheek against her back. My eyes closed and I slowly felt a calmness slipping over me. I enjoyed the physical contact with her and found comfort and serenity in just touching her. After a few minutes I forced my eyes open and was surprised to see that the place my cheek had been resting was devoid of skin veneer. Then I felt my Jinn take a deep breath before she said
It will come with time. Youll see, my sweet Jace. Your reply was enough to give me hope. Try to rest until Castor comes back.
I dont think Id even been tired before shed said something but I suddenly found my eyes heavy. Hestia managed to twist around and pull me into her arms. I suddenly found myself alongside of her with my head resting comfortably on her breasts. I turned my face and watched as her skin veneer disappeared before my eyes. It seemed every place our bodies had direct contact the skin veneer would simply disappear. I looked up at her questionably and she said in an almost amused voice
Jace, you own my heart and soul. My Jinn fails to see you as a threat. If you wanted to kill me I would not try to stop you. My skin veneer disappears for your comfort. Skin veneer is hard and unyielding not great to rest against, my skin however is soft and much more comfortable.
I smiled and again found myself wanting to say something but words continued to fail me. I found my eyes slowly closing and I think I must have fallen into a light sleep.
Chapter 14  POINT OF VIEW  Jace 
Date:  4.12.01 AE
 Baroness this is my human hearts desire Calliope. She is of course my heart and soul. We come in peace and give you our word we mean you and your hearts desire no harm.
I found myself being rolled once again behind Hestia large and rather impressive frame. The moment I knew I was safely tucked behind her I heard her say.
Castor if your words are true show me her skin veneer so I can see you are truly her hearts desire. Then drop them and have her approach the bed.
I tried to peek around her large shoulders to see the female. I had a hard time seeing everything but I could see a cream colored human female with long jet black hair. She was wearing a pale white silk dress that I could see hung just below her knees. From my vantage point behind Hestia it was impossible to see what it looked like on her upper half.
I watched in amazement as her skin was suddenly transformed into teal colored skin veneer. I saw Castors hand come up and I think it went to the small of her back before I heard him say in a voice that held just a hint of fear
Calliope, I am going to drop your skin veneer. Move slowly towards Hestia and her hearts desire. Then his tone changed slightly before he said
Baroness Hestia, I am putting my faith and trust in your hands that you will treat my hearts desire with the respect and kindness you would demand for yours.
I felt Hestia body tense and the female approached the bed and held out her hand. Hestia reached out and pulled it into her own. After just a few seconds she said
Welcome to the family sister. From this day forward I will call both you and Castor friend. 
I have no idea what she learned by simply touching the female human. I just didnt understand. What did her standing there without skin veneer prove? I could stand somewhere and still intend to kill you. Did Jinn think that humans were incapable of treachery and lies? Unseelie court created humans in our own image I knew for a fact that humans were just as capable of being deceptive as Unseelie court members were. I couldnt stop myself from blurting that exact thing out.
Hestia, I know Jinn cannot fake their intentions. Your race is too pure and honorable. Its what we used to enslave you in the first place. Treachery and deceit simply doesnt exist for your race. Do not however take the human at her word. They are just as tricky and capable of deception as any Unseelie court member. Her standing before you and allowing you to touch her means nothing.
I heard Hestia chuckle and felt myself become a tad angry before she said
Oh Jace honey. Its not her that I was testing but Castor. I am well aware of how devious humans can be. Castor controls her skin veneer just as I control yours. If she was being dishonest he would never have been able to hold back her skin veneer. She is his heart and soul just as you are mine. Castor would never risk her life, if he wasnt being totally honest with me. I could have snatched her heart from her chest and instantly ended her life.
I allowed her words to sink in and found her response sparked several more questions. I wanted to have them all answered but for some reason I was uncomfortable asking in front of the Castor and Calliope. I wrapped my arms back around Hestia and forced my mouth closed. Again without me even verbalizing my thoughts Hestia seemed to understand my body language and returned her focus to Castor and Calliope.
So, the entire evacuee camp is hidden from the world we used to live in. It exists outside of reality. In some ways we managed to create our very own dimension. It occupies the same space as Ghenna yet it doesnt. The spell was very complicated and wasnt exactly perfect. It does provide a safe place for us to live without fear of attack or persecution. 
There is so much to tell you but I know you still need to heal more. For now the most important things for you to know is that you and your hearts desire are safe. There is no chance of discovery and it is impossible for the war to follow us here. I will send in medic Dinlas to care for you and your hearts desire. Rest easy the next few days and heal. When you are ready we will share everything with you and you can decide if you want to make this your new home.
The moment he finished speaking I heard him slam his fist to his chest in a sign of respect then bow before reaching out and taking his hearts desire Calliopes hand in his own. I heard Hestia grunt as she watched them leave and medic Dinlas come into the room.
I felt Hestia shift and suddenly found myself lying next to her instead of behind her again. I looked at Hestia and realized we were longer covered in skin veneer. Both of us were completely naked. I knew every single place that my now sensitive skin touched Hestia's. I was suddenly tingling all over and felt my blood heating with desire. I looked down and saw her breasts were exposed and her nipples had grown hard and tight.
I watched as medic Dinlas approached the bed with a small smile on her face. Her eyes seemed to see the both of us but then she focused solely on me. She said in a voice that was filled with pleasantry and something else that I couldnt quite put my finger on
Good afternoon Jace, its wonderful to see you awake. You look so much better than earlier today. It was a shame we had to cut our visit short. I would have loved to share so much more with you. Perhaps next time you can stay awake for the entire tour of the camp.
No sooner had the words come out of medic Dinlas mouth than I felt the skin veneer return to my body. I looked towards Hestia and was shocked to see the fire burning in her eyes. I knew she was fighting herself from shifting into her full sized Jinn form. Then she opened her mouth while staring directly at medic Dinlas her voice filled with anger as she said
He is MINE! My hearts desire! I will not share him with another!
Medic Dinlas was quick to take several steps back and put both of her palms in the air in a sign of peace. I could tell Hestia was trying to get herself under control and for some reason I found myself climbing on top of her managing to completely block her line of sight from medic Dinlas. Our eyes connected and she said to me in a softer voice filled with fear and apprehension
Tell me I will not be forced to endure sharing you. I dont know if my heart can take the pain. Please say you will love me in the way of my people.
Chapter 15  POINT OF VIEW  Jace 
I wanted to say something. I knew the answer I didn't want to share either but I never really answered Hestia with words. Instead I let my body give her the only answer I was capable of. I melded my body to hers and explored her lips. 
Our kiss was deep and passionate, my hands roam her body paying special attention to her breasts while I deepened the kiss by pressing my tongue into my mouth. With each touch her body grew softer and I knew the tension was leaving her. After a few minutes I felt her pull away from me enough to address the medic who was still standing by the door.
"Well medic are you going to be a typical Unseelie and stand there all night watching us? I don't enjoy an audience. How about you take off so my hearts desire and I can finalize our link and wed this very night."
I wanted to turn and look at medic Dinlas but Hestia held my head and forced me to continue to look at her face. I heard her cough then say
"I have no intention of watching the two of you perform your wedding ceremony. I simply wanted to make it a little easier on both of you. I can to give you a light pain killer and muscle relaxer. I fear without a little help finalizing the wedding may be more painful than either of you can handle"
Hestia looked into my eyes and said softly
"Do you still have pain?
I smiled a little and respond
"I am a little weak but it is nothing I can't handle. I was born in battle and would prefer a clear head. Pain medication is for the weak."
I knew I damned her the moment the words were out of my mouth. She too would decline mediation. She would never allow herself to look weak in my eyes. She would force herself to endure the ceremony and the coupling without the benefit of a pain reducer. She smiled and called out to the medic.
"Leave us; neither of us requires any more of your medication. We can handle things from here. Lock the door behind you. I don't want any interruptions."
"Hestia, you need to reconsider. Your life essence is leaking from you and you will never be able to withstand the pain without help. Jace, help me. You know how bad her wounds are. Don't make her suffer needlessly."
I opened my mouth to take my words back and say that we should both get a little help but my Jinn was way ahead of me. She pressed her mouth to mine effectively stopping me from saying anything. Then the moment our kiss ended she said
"Jace, I am not weak. I am a proud Jinn of Baroness rank. I know I can handle the ceremony and the copulating without medication. I want to be alert and feel every moment of my first time with you.
If you ask me to take the drugs, I will. You know I can't deny you anything. But honestly, I don't want to be under a foggy cloud of drugs. Let me love you my way, as a Jinn. Then if the pain becomes too much you can tell me to take it when we are finished."
I swallowed and nodded my head at her. She said she could not deny me but I was wondering if I could deny her. If she didn't want to take the meds I didn't have the heart to ask her to. I hated the idea of making her do anything didn't want to do. I could see her pride and never wanted to take that away from her.
The truth was I already regretting the pain I caused her by forcing her to try and take my life. I regretted not being stronger and giving us a chance in the first place. Others including Hestia had obviously been stronger and more willing than me.
When I went into the cafeteria with Dinlas earlier today I couldn't help but notice all the different races mixing with each other. I understood the words that Castor hadn't said out loud. It was because of the mixed couples that this new dimension even came into existence. I watched her look over my shoulder then I heard her say with pride 
"My hearts desire and I require no further assistance at this time. Please check back in a few hours. If Jace wants you to administer pain killers at that time. I promise to drop the skin veneer."
I heard the door click and I knew that medic Dinlas had left the room. Hestia looked into my eyes and said
"I'm ready if you are"
I nodded again and cleared my throat then I pulled myself into a sitting position. I let my mind go over all the words of the wedding ceremony. I like all Unseelie court members born after the disaster made sure to learn every word and motion just in case my soul was found in a worthy vessel. I knew we would be forced to do a physical dance that would allow the molecules in our souls to re-adhere to one another. I took a deep breath and said
"We are going to need to stand up to do the dance. I will sing the spell and once you hear the rhythm fill in. Once I start the dance we can't stop until it is completed. Follow my movements exactly and no matter what happens don't stop. 
I've been told that the feelings that can come from the ceremony are overwhelming and will make you feel euphoric. Your libido might also kick in and you might become inundated with the desire to immediately sexually bond with me. You need to fight that feeling until our souls snap back into our bodies. The dance must be finished or we could lose ourselves instead of reuniting our souls. Are you sure you are ready for this?"
Hestia pushed herself off the bed and stood opposite of me and said with a smile on her face and confidence in her voice
"I am positive that I was born ready for this."
Then she held her arms out and I placed mine around her and slowly allowed my hips to sway back and forth as I began the song that our souls would dance to. A few minutes into the song I felt my soul pull from my body and merge with Hestia's. The pure pleasure that flowed through my body caused my blood to instantly heat. I felt desire bloom in the pit of my stomach at the same moment as my heart slammed forcefully into my rib cage.
Sounds of pleasure were pushing their way out of my throat despite my attempts to keep them inside. I sang and moaned almost in unison. When my voice dropped low and I struggled to continue with the song my Jinns deep tenor voice filled the air and picked up where mine left off. Our bodies swayed and rocked gently together. Each step of the dance bringing us higher and higher on the precipice. Our souls dipped and swayed in the identical movements of our bodies. I watched as they shone like stars in the sky. Occasionally burning so bright that I could only compare the light of our souls to a supernova.
After multiple eruptions between my soul and Hestia's, my body like my soul exploded in pure pleasure. My breath was completely knocked out of me. For a moment I knew if Hestia and I had not been clinging to each other, I would have fallen to the floor so great was the rapture.
Pleasure beyond my comprehension rocked through me. I had no words for the sensation that my body and soul were being assaulted with. The dance became harder as my body and Hestia's heated to a frenzy. Our souls dipping, colliding and melding together as one. I swung my head around with the music as my hips gyrated and bucked forcefully into her.
I lifted her off the ground and continued the dance with her legs wrapped around my midsection. My body pulsating with each movement. I heard her scream out her pleasure as wave after wave of euphoric bliss erupted inside of her.
Hestia captured my mouth with hers and showered me with kisses in an attempt to keep me calm. Neither of us needed the song anymore to keep our bodies flowing in sync with our souls that were still dancing together.
I felt her most sensitive juncture grow moist with desire for the coupling. I was becoming delirious when I finally felt my soul snap back into my body and knew that it was finally time to complete the ceremony. With Hestia's legs still wrapped around my midsection and our bodies still swaying to the rhythm of the dance I dropped Hestia lower in my arms and pushed myself into her core joining us in one swift motion on all three plateaus; body, heart and soul.
Chapter 16  POINT OF VIEW  Jace 
I awoke twisted in the sheets with Hestia body pressed close to mine our hearts beating in unison together. I took a deep breath and allowed our new combined scent to fill my nostrils. I smiled at the pleasure her skin resting upon mine gave me. I looked down at her wounds and was surprised at how much Hestia healed from just a night of my energy blending with hers. She caught me looking at her and I caught her smile then blushed feverishly just thinking about our activities last night. 
Realizing that I had to relieve myself I gently and quietly tried exit the bed without waking him. Of course I no sooner slung my leg over the side when she adjusted in the bed and caught my eyes were hers. Another smile lit up her face as she pulled me tightly back up against her. I was thrilled by the pleasure that shot through my body at her demanding touch; it was almost but not quite enough to make my bladder change its mind. Unfortunately though I had to force myself to say
I have to use the latrine. Let me go and I will hurry back and I can pick up where we left off last night.
I flashed her my best smile and hoped that it screamed of wanton desire. I blinked rapidly several times when I heard her emit a low deep growl. The sound is generally reserved for a Jinn that is getting ready to spontaneously combust someone. For some reason however hearing the noise emanate from Hestia brought me pleasure rather than fear. I just knew that it was a result of her frustration and yearning for me. I stared at her pink tongue as it darted to the side of her mouth and flicked quickly at her lips before she said
Be quick about it and please dont dilly dally around. Im not sure I can wait more than a few minutes for you. I require constant contact with you and Im not ready for the separation yet. If you take too long I might be forced to come in there and make you take me on the cold hard tile floor. Remember I am driven by primal protection instincts. Instincts that want me to take you aware to a place no one can ever find you, and my instinct are on overdrive.
Im sure you are aware that Jinn keep constant skin to skin contact during our first copulating cycle. If you were a Jinn we would link sexually and stay in hidden from prying eyes for the entire cycle not separating until I was with child. Now I realize that since you are a Slaugh we need to alter that just a tiny bit. I am willing to compromise just a little. But honestly I am still not happy about you leaving my side. So, my advice to you is to be very quick and keep these separations to a minimum or risk my baser instincts taking over and me becoming demanding and overbearing. If you take too long or do this too often I could involuntarily transform into some much larger and baser creature manhandle you. I know most people think Jinn control the forms they take during battle but the truth is the form controls the Jinn. God only knows how your small body would handle me if my Jinn chose something large like a Sphinx or a Kraken form!
I hopped out of the bed and looked back at her with something akin to astonishment in my eyes and on my face. Jinn were known to use magic to take the shape of larger and more dangerous creatures in battle. Id never thought of them using that technique for other reasons. I sputtered in shock looking for the right words to say back to her. For god sakes I was going to the bathroom not taking a tour of the facilities. How wanton is her sexual appetite anyway? And how long was she expecting me to keep skin to skin contact with her? I think I once heard a Jinns copulating cycle lasted a full turning of the moon. I felt my cheeks flush in mortification and alarm at the idea of nonstop love making for a full month.
Hestia had been randy enough in last night leaving my body feeling limp and lethargic from our performance. No way could I have kept up with him in her Jinn form. My body barely withstood her sexual attention as it was. I knew I needed to hustle and get back so that I wasnt risking her losing control. I blinked several more times than finally managed to stammer out
Im just going to the latrine. I will be right back I promise. Just wait for me here. 
Then despite how tired and sluggish I was feeling I pushed my muscles to dart through the bathroom doors. The moment the door clicked shut I heard what sounded like amused laughter coming from the bed Id just evacuated. I shook my head silently as I realized that Hestia had been pulling my leg. She just wanted to see if she could get a rise out of me. 
Despite knowing that she was only teasing, I still found myself rushing to finish and get back to her. The truth was since the moment I moved away from her I felt incomplete. I was just about finished when I realized that my body was once again covered in skin veneer from head to toe. I tilted my head to the side and tried to figure when they reappeared. Thats when I suddenly felt her presence in my mind
I have them set automatically to cover your body. I know these people want us to believe they are our allies but I will never be convinced enough to risk your life. Anytime I am not in skin to skin contact with you the skin veneer will be up.
I wasnt sure how this worked so I responded out loud instead of in my mind
Oh can you teach me how to turn it off and on? I finished shaking it off and was just about to leave the latrine when she responded in my mind
Dont worry about the veneer it wont bother you at all. Eventually you will forget what it was like to live without it.
Im not sure why but something in her choice of words irritated me. I opened the latrine door and shot her a look before saying in a no nonsense I am a man and a warrior of the Unseelie court voice
Dont feed me a line of crap. I am not defenseless. I know its natural for Jinn to protect and guard their hearts desire. I also know that me being a Slaugh makes your instincts even stronger but Ive managed to take care of myself before I ever met you. I like the idea of the skin veneer but I will control it on my own. I dont want to walk around day and night covered in skin veneer.
Hestia said that she could deny me nothing so when she smiled at me then patted the bed beside her I assumed she was going to drop the skin veneer and give me lessons in controlling them. I sat down beside her and allowed her to wrap her arms around me. Then she said in a voice that was full of demand and conceit
You can twist me every which way and I will allow it. You can demand and I will obey. I will do anything and everything that you ask of me even if it kills me. But when it comes to your health, well-being and safety there will be no negotiations. I will do what I think is best. That is the natural and right way. My job as your hearts desire and a Jinn is to protect you at all costs and I will not ever fail again.
Then to my utter amazement she actually pounded on her chest to emphasize her strength before continuing in a voice that was becoming louder and more irate with each word her spoke.
I allowed you to force my hand once and it damn near shattered both of our souls. Never again! I will make the decisions based on whats best for both of us. The skin veneer will stay on and will remain on your body for the remainder of your life. It is stronger than steel and diamonds combined but as flexible and light as a feather. Even after my death my skin veneer will cover and protect your frail Slaugh body. The only time your skin will be free of it is when you are in my arms. So get used to it since this is the new and improved Jace.
Then she crossed her arms over her chest and dared me to say a word in disagreement. I could feel her emotions washing over me. First she was filled with determination to convince me. Then she shifted to pride and arrogance as she began to think I would agree. I scrunched up my face showing my disapproval and felt her emotions quickly shift to fear and rejection. Then an emotion that was foreign to me filled her heart and soul. I looked at her with confusion clearly written on my face as I not only saw but felt the skin veneer slide from my body. I opened my mouth and managed to stutter out the word
What when she quickly interrupted me and said
I dont care if you like it. I too can feel your emotions and your mouth and attitude are very different than your emotions. You cant pretend with me. You enjoy the idea of me protecting and caring for you. It is whats right and natural. At your core you are a submissive and you need me to dominate you and our relationship. That emotion that you cant understand is called protectiveness. Its a common emotion for those of us from the Seelie court. 
It comes with our unconditional love. We share that feeling for those we love and or our responsibility. I will never again negotiation or bargain with your life. You are just going to have to learn to love the skin veneer as will you learn to love me and thats that!
Chapter 17  POINT OF VIEW  Jace 
I found myself excited that Hestia and I had agreed to join the camp. For me, it was my first foray into society living. Over the past few weeks Hestia and I have been getting to know all the members of the camp and slowly but surely beginning to understand the dynamics. Since the evacuee camp was made up of all types of life forms the camp functioned very differently than any given society. In some ways it was a blending of cultures and practices that seemed to be the driving force.
The ruling body is made up of twelve council members representing different factions and groups. Hestia representing the Jinn being the newest and final member. With Hestia that makes four Seelie court members; Gwenn the evacuee camps self-appointed Duchess of the Sidhe. Baldor a Troll Viscount and the same one that attacked me on my first day in the camp and Priam a Pixie Earl. 
There are also now four Unseelie on the ruling council. Since none of the Unseelie currently in residence in the evacuee camp is of royal blood we were chosen based on our magic abilities. Thanks to my mother, I am more than adapt at all magic and my Grimoire is brimming with spells. For that reason alone, I am now the representing the Slaugh. Joining me on the Unseelie court side of the table is medic Dinlas representing the Brownies Oya a Kelpie and Theia a Goblin.
In addition to the Seelie and Unseelie court members the council also has four human members each representing the four world tribes. Author represents the Venus tribe, Davy represents the Mars, Vincent represents the Saturn and William represents the Jupiter.
Hestia and I have been trying to integrate our personalities and experiences into the council without causing too much upheaval. So far I would say that I have been less than successful. One of the most difficult parts of becoming a member of the council is the new responsibilities and expectations that come with being a ruling member of a society. 
Hestia with her experience as a Baroness of a Jinn cast has had far more success than me. She seems to inherently understand whats best for the people as a whole. Her comments are greeted with enthusiasm and approval from all the members of the council.
I however, like my Unseelie court counterparts other than medic Dinlas am having difficulty coming up with any ideas that dont directly affect me in one way or the other. Its strange but each group has its very apparent strengths and weaknesses. We Unseelie court while we are both smart and very talented when it comes to magic and combat, we lack the ability to consider others. We are a species of egotistical self-centered arrogant beings. 
The main reason the Seelie court members and humans are victorious against us in battle is we use an every man or woman for themselves technique. It is a standard practice to use another Unseelie as a safeguard or distraction. I have often heard of mothers who have used the flesh of their own child as a shield. Only our mother or our queen is to be placed above us. For them alone would we sacrifice ourselves and sometimes even then an Unseelie has been known to look the other way if no else can see them. Of the three courts the Unseelie is by far the most selfish and yet self-sufficient species. That however also makes us the least likely to offer good advice and solutions to the communities issues. Most often the best we can do is agree to help once another group comes up with a plan.
The Seelie court members on the other hand are complete opposites of the Unseelie court. They too are physically and magically strong but unlike us, they are always working in perfect unison for the betterment of all. They as a society that believes what is best for all is more important than what is best for an individual. Their greatest asset and weakness lies in their ability to love completely and without reservation even when their hearts desire is of a different court.
Everyone knows the humans fragile bodies are their biggest weakness. However until today I hadnt really understood that though they are not as physically strong as the Seelie or the Unseelie they have the ability in some respects to be so much cleverer than both of us. In this meeting alone they have shown their astuteness over and over again. I believe of the three courts they have the fastest minds for battle strategy and survival tactics. 
It was the humans that first came up with idea to create this new realm in the first place. The general idea was to create a separate dimension that would not be limited on space and would be invisible to Ghenna. The plan played on the strengths and weaknesses of every group.
Basically the spell was cast pulling the idea from the humans and melding it with the love of family and society from the Seelie court members. Effectively forming a new realm that has been affectionately named by the people that live here Earth. 
Earth is absolutely a blessing but also has its own unique problems. For example while the space on this side of the gate is limitless and we can continue to grow in numbers and never outgrow our space. We can build home after home without ever fearing the consequences of discovery. It was woven into the spell that as long as love is found on this side of the gate no outsiders can see in.
However it also has some major drawbacks that make the camp slightly less than perfect. For example no matter what we do or how we do it, we simply have been unable to make anything grow on this side of the gate. Worse, any food substances we bring across the gate rots in a matter of hours so food reserves of any kind are not possible.
It is because of that problem the council was formed. The councils main function is not to rule the people the leaders are more than capable of doing that for themselves. Their primary objective is solving the food problem. It is our hope that by combining minds, abilities, strengths, weaknesses and resources we as a group might find a solution. Some way of either temporarily or permanently finding an answer that could allow the society to reside here on this side of the gate in peace for all time.
It was clear however to me that no matter how many hours we spent sequestered in the council chambers we were not going to find a solution today. I heard someone clearing their throat and forced myself to pay attention. It was clear from the comments that the meeting was getting ready to end. I smiled at Hestia then we both turned to face Author as her said
Well then. Lets put it to a vote. Who here agrees we will raid the Jinn cast for supplies tonight?
I watched as everyones hands but mine shot quickly into the air. I noticed that everyone at the table was looking between me and Hestia. My mind went into overdrive as I wondered to myself how I could have possibly missed a conversation about a raid. I know Id been daydreaming but I couldnt possibly vote until I understood who would be part of the raid. I was just about to verbalize my thoughts when Hestia entered my mind and said
I love that you are concerned enough about me to consider rejecting my raid plan. But under the circumstances you would be out voted. Raise your hand so that I can secure us some food tonight. The people are hungry Jace and I know where all the best supplies were kept.
Then to my surprise I felt her arm slide under my armpit and my hand went into the air. I saw Author and the other three humans smile brightly before she said
Excellent the meeting is adjourned. We will send out callers that fresh food will come tonight. Hestia, we thank you for your leadership and any possible sacrifices that are made. I hope from the bottom of my heart that you and all the Jinn you take with you return without injury.
I felt the blood drain from my face as his words sunk into my brain. I missed the entire conversation and the plan. Now I would have to smile until I could get the details from Hestia. I felt my heart slamming around in my chest. I was experiencing an emotion that was foreign to me. Yet I somehow knew it was fear related to Hestia well-being. I was worried about Hestia returning to her cast. I know that once a Jinn swore an oath and bound it in blood the oath stands until death. If Hestias Marchioness or Marques saw her during the raid they could demand Hestia end her own life and Hestia would be forced to obey and nothing we did could stop her. 
Chapter 18  POINT OF VIEW  Jace 
 I will not stay behind and patiently wait for your return. I am a Slaugh and I am more than capable of defending myself. In fact, since I do not have a blood oath to obey your Jinn Marques and Marchioness, I am by far better suited to lead this raid!
I knew my voice was projecting louder and farther than was considered respectable but Hestia was taking her non-negotiable stand yet again. Some crap about it being in my best interest. I smiled then materialized my Grimoire into my hand. I watched as her eyebrows lifted in surprise and astonishment.
I knew what I had just done was rather impressive. It was one of many spells that was unique to my family. My mother managed to create the spell and I mastered it. Basically I shrunk my Grimoire so small that I could easily swallow it and keep it safely within my body. When I need it, I used a reverse spell that allows it to exit through the skin in the tip of my finger and re-grow to its normal size in the palm of my hand.
Well then, if you will not allow me to lead the raid, then I must create and perform a spell that breaks your blood oath with your former Marchioness and Marques. Now leave and give me some time to figure this out!
I used my hand to shoo her towards the door. The moment I watched the door close behind her I pressed the tip of the quill in my leg and filled the inkwell with my blood. All of the spells in my Grimoire were written in the blood of my family. It was one of the reasons why ours spells were so much more powerful than other Slaugh spells.
Once the quill was full I cleared my mind of everything but Hestia and her blood oath. Then I placed the quill to a blank page in my Grimoire and allowed the spell to spill freely from my mind. It would be a simple spell with a simple solution. I would use Hestias blood to form a new Jinn cast here on Earth. 
This new cast would make it easy for me to break her old blood oath with her old cast and raise her rank on Earth from a Baroness to a Marchioness. I didnt think anyone would have an issue with that since Hestia was already representing the Jinn on Earth as a council member and it only made sense that she would assume the position of Marchioness to the newly formed Earth cast. I smiled at the simplicity of my spell and was excited to cast it.
I burst from the room calling for Hestia. I found her in the cafeteria surrounded by the other Jinn I assumed were also going on the raid. I smiled as I entered the room and I said in my best demanding voice
I am glad that you are all here. I am going to grace all of you will a spell that will probably save your lives if not today than on a future date. Today I will break your blood oaths to your former casts and allow you to make a new oath to Hestia.
Then before I allowed any of them to make comment I threw out a circle and began casting the spell in blood. It wasnt until I felt something slam into the back of my head and I became faint 
Chapter 19  POINT OF VIEW  Jace 
I woke up back in the bed that Hestia and I had shared in our first few days on Earth. Medic Dinlas and Castor were both sitting in the room. Medic Dinlas was in the chair closest to me looking through what I assumed was her own Grimoire. She had a strange look on her face. I found myself blinking several times before I licked my lips and croaked out
What happened and why am I here?
I watched as she quickly slammed her Grimoire shut then slipped it under her leg. Castor also seemed to stop daydreaming and looked up at me just as she said
You do know that you are nuts right? You walked into a room full of Jinn and started throwing around blood and shouting that you were breaking their oaths. You scared the shit out of several of them and caused a riot. If Hestia hadnt protected you with her own body they would have likely ripped you to pieces.
I blinked several more times while I allowed her words to sink in. Why would they think I was causing them harm? Damn it. I very clearly stated I was trying to save their pitiful stupid lives. Clearly not all Jinn were as smart as Hestia. I felt my cheeks warming and anger building in the pit of my stomach. Then I shouted back at her
What the hell is wrong with them? I am NOT crazy. I was trying to help them. I wrote a spell that could break their blood oath with their former clans so that they would be free from any demands their superiors made. I wrote it so Hestia wouldnt have to kill herself if her old Marquis or Marchioness decreed it. Now where the hell are they so I can finish what I started?
I watched as Dinlas face blanched then she swallowed several time. I noticed that my comments also made Castor very uncomfortable. So much so that he barely squeaked at me
Im sorry Jace; they left hours ago on the raid. I dont think any of us understood what you were doing. No one expects Slaugh to help someone else without being asked. They assumed you were up to no good. Hestia made me stay behind and swear to protect you with my life even from other members of Earth.
Then I watched as both of them shared a look of disappointment and confusion. Then something changed and medic Dinlas eyes filled with understanding. She looked back at Castor then me before she smiled and pointed her finger towards me. Then understanding also dawned on Castors face. Then her turned to me and said 
Oh thats good. You werent helping anyone but you. You are afraid to lose Hestia. This was just another typical selfish Slaugh move!
I was about to say something back when I heard loud bangs coming from just the other side of the door. Then Castor shifted into a huge Green Jinn before my eyes. I also leapt from the bed and looked desperately around the room for something to defend myself. Dinlas also took a fighting stance just as the door blew open slamming into all three of us.
Thankfully Castors large body took the majority of the damage. Dinlas and I were able to remain on our feet. Then I heard what could only be considered a growl as a huge Troll barreled into the room and stood mere inches in front of Castor. I called for my Grimoire and was ready to cast a protection spell when I heard medic Dinlas shout
Everyone calm down! Baldor! Castor! Please Nothing has to happen here.
Then she skirted her way around Castor and placed her hands on the Troll and said in a calm voice
Baldor, you need to get control of yourself. I need you to relax and back out of the room. I am in no danger in here. Jace didnt mean any harm with his spell. He thought he was protecting Hestia. I can explain if you can just calm down enough to listen.
  
Chapter 20 POINT OF VIEW  Hestia 
 Okay everyone please keep in mind what we need here is a calm and nearly silent operation. No one needs to be a hero. In no way do we want to make waves. Just get in and out without drawing any attention to yourself or the rest of us. 
Lets keep it simple and concentrate in two areas. Those that are originally from this cast will go with me to the pantry and mess hall. Those from other casts go with Loki and head to the armory. Grab as much as you can without being noticed then head directly back to Earths border.
Dont cross unless you feel threatened or think youve been made. God speed and safety to all.
I allowed my voice to drop low and barely mouthed the words that every Jinn says before entering a battle
If death comes callingWe will go boldly...Today is a good day to die. 
I watched most of the Jinns head swoop towards Loki. I knew they were trying to determine if Loki was in agreement with my orders. Loki is a young changeling Jinn. Castor says he is the finest warrior in all of Earth and possesses the best of both worlds. He has not only the strength, cunning and bravery of a Jinn but also has the dependability, tenacity and speed of a Kelpie.
It was the incident with Jace that had the Jinn doubting my orders. Many had outright declined joining the raid because of what happened. Loki nodded in approval then he and several others turned towards me and said back
Here Here! Today is indeed a good day to die. May the wind carry our souls to the Summerland.
Then without another word we spread out across Earths border and stepped through the divide into Ghenna. The boundary between Earth and Ghenna was relatively thin although it seemed to have thickened in the last day or so. I couldn't help but wonder if it was my subconscious missing Jace or if the gate really was harder to cross. 
The moment I thought of Jace I found myself instantly agitated again. I wanted to love him unconditionally but the truth is his Slaugh nature just rubs me and most of the Seelie court members wrong. He is constantly churning up trouble. No matter where that man goes someone is always effected by his thoughtless Slaugh behavior. Todays atrocious behavior was a classic example of Jace thoughtless actions.
Typical of the Slaugh he decides what and how something is to be done and does it! No communication, no consideration of others needs. No Jace has a typical devil may care attitude. He throws caution to the wind and incites peoples fury.
If I hadnt stopped the Jinn in the mess hall earlier today, they would have killed him. Just because he is my hearts desire doesnt give him the right to cast about blood and spells on any Jinn he comes across. If anything as my hearts desire he should have given the Jinn more respect and disclosed his intentions and allowed them to decide if they wanted to be recipients of her magic.
Most of the Jinn on Earth like myself were alive during the years of slavery. They know firsthand the how painful and horrific Slaugh magic can be a Jinns body. Many were forced to survive unimaginable horrors at the hands of their Slaugh masters. Despite his youth, if Jace paused his self-righteous mind even for a moment he would have seen how foolish his actions had been.
I could not fault the Jinn. They acted in self-defense. They had no idea what Jace intentions were or even what the outcome of his spell would have been. If I had not thrown up my skin veneer and covered his body with my own, he would have died. As it was the Jinn pummeled my body for nearly an hour straight until Castor finally managed to calm them down and back them out of the mess hall.
Jaces actions would undoubtedly cause a bigger problem than what he intended to fix. If he was to be believed he wanted to cast a spell that would have metaphysically cut the Jinns ties to their old casts and transferred them to me. I know in his mind that was the right thing to do and perhaps if he had discussed it with me before hand it might have even had a small chance of gaining the approval of the Jinn on Earth.
Now however that was a moot point. The Jinn would never agree to promote me to Marchioness. On Earth the rules or Ghenna no longer exist. My birthright means nothing here. Leaders are chosen based on merit and honor. Because of Jaces actions in the eyes of the Jinn I have neither.
Now instead of being free of my duties to the Marchioness and holding a high ranking position on Earth I am little more than fodder. Before Jaces debacle the chances of me running into my High Marques or Marchioness were slim. I would have taken a high ground position and protected the warriors without even entering the building. Now however I need to prove I have honor so I am going inside with the warriors. 
I took a deep breath and forced all thoughts of Jace from my mind as I entered the east gate. We planned to stay in our human forms and travel slowly keeping to the shadows as much as possible. I heard raised voices and signaled to the warriors to cease all movement. The paused and all of our ears perked up.
There were no less than twenty Unseelie court of mixed races in the caves. They put up several very nasty protection spells. It is not going to be easy getting in there and eradicating them. This very well may be a suicide mission!
I heard several cheers before the Marques said in a very loud voice filled power, conviction and something more. Something that before today I didnt realize held such power over me
If death comes callingWe will go boldly...Today is a good day to die. 
I knew Jace had been right the moment I couldnt stop myself from hollering as loud as I could in unison with all the Jinn within the camp including the Earth Jinn that stood beside me at the wall 
Here Here! Today is indeed a good day to die. May the wind carry our souls to the Summerland.
Perhaps I had been thinking about this all wrong. Jace was on to something with his magic. It was just his technique that was wrong. I looked over at the other Jinn and could tell their response to the Marquis shook them to their core as well. Maybe, just maybe me being the new leader of the Earth Jinn isnt an impossibility after all. Its possible they might see me and Jace as the lesser evil. Being metaphysically connected to their old casts could be a death sentence.
I watched as the majority of the Jinn within the keep transformed into large birds of prey and took flight behind the Marques. Part of me wanted to transform and take flight with them. Two of the younger Jinn that had come with me from Earth couldnt stop themselves. They shifted and took to the air. I forced myself to remain motionless until the Jinn were no longer visible to my eyes. Then I used hand signals to tell the remaining Earth Jinn to resume our movement towards the pantry and mess hall. I wanted to finish this raid and get back to Earth without any additional problems. 
     
Chapter 21 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
"As I said the last six times...I created the spell myself. There are no side effects. The purpose of the spell is to remove all old blood oaths and allow us to form new safe ones."
I looked around the room at the faces of the other council members and blew out a long loud breath of air. I was more than annoyed that I was being questioned over and over again like a criminal. I was also angry that even Hestia thought I had bad intentions. Then I said in frustration
"I really don't give a shit if anyone believes me. So much for equality and a community of species blending together. You people will never really accept a Slaugh or any Unseelie court members anyway. This is all just a bunch of crap! If it makes any of you feel better you can pretend I did it for me. I did it so I didn't have to worry for Hestia. Is that selfish enough? Is that Slaugh enough for you?"
Then without saying another word I push myself out of the chair and stomped out of the room. I had enough. It was always the same. The Seelie court members and the humans always assuming the worst of my race. They don't know me! How dare they judge me? What makes them think that I can't do something selfless?
I heard something behind me and knew that Hestia had left the chambers as well. I could smell her unique scent and I could feel her confusion. I was angry at the other council members but I was furious at Hestia.
We shared the same soul. If she wanted to know my intentions all she had to do was look into her own soul. Everything I am is laid bare to her. I can hide nothing from her. My thoughts, emotions, memories and desires were all written on her soul now. We performed the wedding ceremony together. If she had truly loved me like she says she does the Hestia would know the truth? If she wanted to understand me and my species better she would have figured that out by now.
But no! She learned nothing about me or my people. Her only concern was in covering my body from head to toe in skin veneer. No wonder why our people were locked in a vicious war that would only end when both sides were annihilated.
"Jace. Slow down. Come back to the chambers and lets figure this out together. It is okay. I don't care why you did it. I love you no matter what. I will stick by your side and make sure no one harms you."
I heard her words and felt my anger rise even higher than I thought it could. How dare she? She basically just said I tried to harm them. Screw her! Screw the Seelie court members! I was getting the hell out of here and going back to my own space. I didn't need to be trapped here in some weird world so the humans and the Seelie court members could use me as a punching bag.
What does she mean by 'harm me? I am a man, a warrior and Unseelie! I could cast a spell and tear this world and everyone in it apart. I can take care of myself. I don't need Hestia to protect me. Besides where the heck was she when that frigging nut of a Troll tried to kill me? I bet no one told her about that little incident. Maybe I would enjoy seeing her reaction.
"Oh you want to protect me do you? Then why did you leave me and go on the raid. Did you know Baldor tried to rip my head off while you were gone?"
Then I pushed the image into her mind. I watched as her face changed colors several times while the image played in her mind. Then I heard her bellow at the top of her lungs. I realized my mistake the moments I saw her phase into a humongous Dragon and blow fire down the hall towards the chamber we had both just left.
I watched as the wall exploded into a tiny million pieces. I heard the council members screaming as they scattered in all different directions. Then I heard Hestia roar in a voice so deep and so full of rage.
"You dared to attack my hearts desire while I was out gathering food for your people! I left in good faith with the understanding that no one would harm him. That he was safe. We agreed to a fair trial. How dare you attack and try to serve your own justice. Even if he did commit a crime it was against Jinn not you pack. Now, I will kill you and all of your people. No one harms my hearts desire and is allowed to live."
Then I heard a loud hiss and smelled sulfur. The scent of sulfur was enough for everyone still in the chamber to know exactly what was going to happen. Hestia was going to call forth true dragon fire and reign hell Baldor. The fire would be so hot that anything it touched would be melted instantly. 
Looking back, I'm not honestly sure why I did it. I know it wasn't for Baldor, I really didn't like him. Both times I had private dealing with him her got angry and in my face. I didn't do it for Dinlas either, even though I liked her and I knew she and Baldor were hearts desires even if they didn't get married. I didn't even do it for Hestia, since I knew she would eventually feel shame and guilt for killing the Troll.
I liked to think that I did it for me. For my own well-being and because I wanted to prove to the others that I could be good. That I wasn't just another selfish Slaugh. I was Jace and I wanted to be judged for my actions. I wanted to prove that I was more than just the actions of my Queen.
I used all my speed to get myself between the fire and Baldor. I felt the heat hit my face and I jammed my eyes shut wanting desperately to believe the flame wouldn't melt through my skin veneer. I heard another deep hiss from Hestia before I felt the air shift and I knew shed returned to her own form.
I wanted to move. I wanted to open my eyes but the fear inside of me was too great. I wasn't sure what I would see. I didn't even know if I had prevented the flames from touching Baldor. I felt Hestia pull me into her arms as I heard sobs erupt around me. 
I swallowed hard and said a silent prayer that my efforts had been enough. Then I felt Hestia's soul touch mine and I felt her tears fall onto my shoulders. Then she said in a voice filled with raw emotional pain
"Oh god Jace, what were you thinking. I could have hurt you. I could have killed you. Why would you save him? He tried to kill you."
Before I could stop myself I said back
"We are wed and united as one. You should never have to ask me why. All you need to do is open yourself to the bond. It is all there for you to see if you weren't so afraid to see the real me. You like all the others here are so prejudice against the Slaugh. 
You Seelie court members have taken us to hearts desire for your own selfish purposes but you never really believed we can be good hearts desires for you. All Unseelie court are not the same. All Slaugh are not the same. I am an individual with my own thoughts, actions and behaviors. I saved him because I wanted to believe we could all live together in harmony. That the Seelie court members, the humans and mostly you could learn to love me for what I really am."  
      
Chapter 22 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
I scrunched my nose at the smell and again averted my face. Then I said in my very best whiny voice
I dont want to try it. The smell bothers me and if it stinks it cant possibly taste good
Hestia continued to push the spoon in my direction forcing me to cover my mouth with my hands. There was no way I was going to let that gooey stinky brown stuff anywhere near my sensitive taste buds. I watched her smile before she slipped it into her mouth then said
And you say Im the one that wont go out of my comfort zone. I ate your borsch the other day. I gagged with every forkful but I tried to show you that I could be flexible. I try to give you a little oatmeal and you act like its live worms or something.
Then she dug the spoon into the bowl and again pointed the spoon in my direction. Ever since my trial Hestia was hell bent on trying to expose me to every little nuance of Jinn culture. In return she threw herself into experiencing mine. Hestia was born a prisoner of the Slaugh so she had a pretty good idea of how our society operated but she wanted to break down the barrier of what was our culture versus who I was. That meant she ate all of my favorite foods, asked me every nuance of my childhood and was even interested in learning the kinds of things I like to do to entertain myself. Most importantly though is she is doing her best to access our shared memories through our bond. 
From my perspective Hestia is like an open book. If she experienced it then I can relive it through she eyes. Everything her has ever said or done. Good and bad. Even the years she suffered in servitude to her Slaugh master. I can read her past, present and even her emotions like entries in journal. To my surprise however Hestia struggles to do the same with me. For some reason she sees my past as jumbled images that require her to use interpretation skills. I have to assume it is because the wedding ceremony was created with two Unseelie court brains in mind.
As a result, she decided that we would verbally share our pasts, and get to know each other the old fashioned way. With that thought in mind Hestia shared everything and tried everything nothing was taboo to her. I smiled and again averted my gaze before finally forcing my mouth open just enough for her to stick the contents on the spoon into my mouth. 
I didnt want to do it and honestly I sort of already knew what it would taste like by retrieving her memories of it. But I wanted to make her feel like our relationship was equal. Hestia couldnt gain knowledge of borschs taste through my memories so she ate some. I know the borsch tasted awful to her since even for a Slaugh it is an acquired taste. I smiled at the memory of watching her delicately pinch her nose and force an entire bowl down her throat.
It was so endearing and made my heart swell with pride. For that reason alone, I in turn knew I could live with a mouth full of oatmeal. The taste wasnt as bad as I thought it was but the texture was enough to cause a gag reflex. I forced myself to keep in the oatmeal and even faked a small smile. Hestia dipped the spoon in the bowl and started to lift it towards me again forcing me to say in a tone that sounded sheepish even to my own ears
Honestly Hestia, I knew what it would taste like before I even tried it. I wanted to be a good sport and do it for you since I know you choked down that whole bowl of borsch but, unless you want me in the latrine all night instead of beside you in bed I think I should pass on more oatmeal. I watched as my words sunk in and her smiled then said
If you were in the latrine, then I would be beside you. When the sun sets there is only one place that I belong and that my sweet Jace is beside you.
Then she pulled me into she arms and smashed she lips to mine. I would have found both her words and the kiss so romantic, hot and wonderful if she hadnt shoved her tongue into my mouth with that nasty oatmeal still all over it. Instead of being instantly wooed I was instantly disgusted. I was forced to gently nudge her away from me while I wiped at my mouth with the back of my hand. I even grabbed a glass of milk and quickly drank it down trying to rid myself of the taste.
I had expected Hestia to look hurt but was surprised when instead it looked like she was amused and trying to hold back laughter. Then before I could even accuse her of doing that on purpose she said
If you knew the borsch was that nasty, why did you let me eat the whole bowl? You sat there watching me and acted like you had no idea how much of a hard time I was having swallowing every mouthful. You could have stopped me after a single bite.
I couldnt deny the truth so instead I crossed my hands over my chest and nodded in agreement. Then I smiled and took a bite of my bagel. I found images of Hestia gagging and choking on the borsch running through my head. With each bite I silently laughed. Even now replaying it in my mind was causing me to feel amused. I think I might have accidentally projected the images from my mind into Hestia because she suddenly blurted out
You are a cruel man Jace.
Then she lifted the bowl of oatmeal and shoved it in my face. I felt the warm gooey nasty smelly oatmeal slide down my face and plop onto the table in front of me. Then I heard Hestia laughter as she rushed out of the cafeteria.
Chapter 23 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
I should have known that Hestia would feel guilty over her little practical joke. I cant image why since I felt it was a fair move. I was in the shower trying to get the clumps of oatmeal out of my hair when I heard her enter our rooms. I could feel the shame and sadness coming off her in waves. I could see in her memories that shortly after rubbing the oatmeal in my face that she immediately started to berate herself.
Then I smelled the flowers and realized that she allowed her guilt to drive her to Ghenna. I felt my heart rate increase as I imagined her crossing the gate for something as foolish as roses. I heard the bathroom door open at the same time as I saw her silhouette through the shower doors. 
I felt a cool breeze touch my sensitive skin as her opened the door and joined me under the warm running water. I felt her hot breath on my shoulder as her pressed she lips against my flesh. I felt my skin veneer disappear as she fingers started to roam over my body. I wanted to tell her that I was fine and that I wasnt even bothered by the oatmeal, that I thought it was fun and she shouldnt feel guilty but her kisses were driving coherent thought from my mind.
Her hands roamed from place to place on my body leaving warmth and pleasure behind. By the time my lips touched hers I was positive all the blood in my body had been replaced by lava. I was on fire and the only thing that could put it out was Hestia. I plunged into her body and I felt my soul lift and blend with hers. Ours souls danced while our bodies writhed in motion against each other. 
The water had lost all of its heat and was dang near frigid by the time we finished making love in the shower. I was shivering enough that Hestia used magic to warm the bathroom enough for me to step away from her. I towel dried quickly and was going to get dressed and suggest a walk when I spotted the roses. I could have slapped myself in the head for forgetting them in the first place. The moment my eyes landed on them and I again thought of the risks involved with going to the other side I found myself screeching at Hestia
Are you crazy? Why would you think it was important to risk your life for something as stupid as flowers? I dont need or want flowers. Its not even a common Slaugh practice. We have been over this a million times. Unless you allow me to break your oath with your Marchioness and Marquis please dont cross the gate for stupid things!
I could feel my anger and fear rising with each word I said out loud. I couldnt understand why she felt it was acceptable for her to risk her life over petty things. Ive told her a million times that I wasnt even impressed with flowers. I like most Slaugh preferred acts of flesh. Our romp in the shower was more than enough to sooth any anger I might have had. Wed been over this more times than I chose to count. I stomped my foot and watched as her looked un-perplexed and actually smiled at me. Then she said
Come on Jace, in my culture thats how we say we love each other. We give them pretty things like jewels and flowers. Dont get mad again or I might have to go to Ghenna and look for a jewel or something. Honestly I wasnt in any danger. Besides, I know how it works with Slaugh, remember I was their slave. You might want to cut me or bite me as punishment. Its just too weird for me to be comfortable with.
Her words did nothing but make me angrier than I thought I could possibly be. I am Slaugh; I didnt get impressed with flowers, chocolates or jewels. I wanted my pound of flesh. It might be considered a barbaric practice by the Jinn but it was how I was raised it was what made me happy. How dare she assume that because she didnt like Slaugh traditions that I would just make do with flowers. 
I hadnt even been angry until she went home to Ghenna. Now, we were back to the same problem that keeps coming up. Her world and my world were just too different. I was sick and tired of being the one that compromised. Oh she was great at eating borsch or singing songs or even letting me play house. But when it came to the real important things it was her way; the Jinn way. 
She treats me like I am easily broken; fragile in mind and body possible even as weak as a human female. She believes like most Jinn that she can decide what is best for me. Worse she expects me to accept it without argument. Well that wasnt going to happen. I decided it was high time she stopped thinking of me as the little Slaugh and started remembering that I was a dangerous warrior of Unseelie court. I pulled out my Grimoire and cast the spell Id been working on for weeks. Within the blink of an eye my skin veneer disappeared off my body and was replaced by standard Unseelie court warrior class armor. 
I saw the shock register on her face. Then, I felt the fear emanate from her soul at the same time as I saw she body visibly shake. I forced myself to keep a neutral and emotionless face as I said through my tight lips
I am a Slaugh not human. I am strong not weak. I am intelligent and capable. I am Unseelie court and you better start remembering that. We can be partners and equals in all things or we can go back to being strangers. My traditions, feeling and wants are just as important as yours. You dont own me and you cant keep me unless I want to stay. No more flowers! No more needless trips to Ghenna! If you cannot see the real me then I will refuse to see you at all! 
Chapter 24 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
Date:  6.29.01 AE
It has been nearly four long days since I left Earth. I finally left after I realized that Hestia was never going to admit that she was wrong. I wasnt like I didnt give her a chance. I stayed with Dinlas for nearly three weeks waiting for her to apologize or in the least compromise. It never happened instead she insisted I was the one being unreasonable. I felt like my soul was shattering. Each time I caught sight of her I would get excited thinking that she would finally want to make up then she would simply walk away without a word.
I was in constant emotional and mental pain. It hurt me so much to see her and know that she refused to consider my side. Then again not seeing her caused nearly as much pain. When a day passed without seeing her I would become agitated and full of fear that shed crossed the gate and managed to get herself injured or maybe even killed. The real terror would set in. Dinlas found me on several occasions actually holding my breath my body locked in fear consumed by imaginary lethargic feelings. Praying to die quickly so that Hestia and I could be together and at peace in the great beyond. 
Finally I realized Hestia was never going to admit that I might have had any valid points. With my pain and fear riding me like a dog chewing on a bone I decided I needed to leave. I knew with time I would eventually be able to move past Hestia but I had to do it alone. Earth and all that it represented was simply too heartbreaking for me. I crossed the gate and havent looked back. With no real destination in mind, the first day I wandered aimlessly. When my stomach began to scream in hunger I finally decided to make my way back to the base camp Id stayed in before I ever laid eyes on Hestia.
Oddly my appearance in the camp had little to no effect on the other Unseelie court that were still there. Most glanced my way then went back to what theyd been doing before I walked into camp. I recognized the majority of them and momentarily even felt welcome. I slowly made my way through the center and headed towards the tent I had previously occupied. Part of me found pleasure in the fact that my tent remained up. A tent in some ways represented authority within a Slaugh camp. Low ranking Slaugh were forced to sleep on the ground without cover while higher ranking Slaugh were allowed to assemble and keep a tent. However once a Slaugh is assumed to be dead or fails to return from battle it is traditional to burn their tent so that a new Slaugh can be elevated in rank and assemble their own tent.
The fact that mine remained up indicated that someone testified that I had survived the battle. My curiosity was growing with each step I took towards my tent. Who could have testified? What would have been compelling enough to allow them to keep my tent up? I glanced back and spotted several high ranking Unseelie court looking at me with what I would describe as awe in their eyes. Then I caught others also glancing slyly at me then trying to turn away before I could catch their eyes. I swore holes were being burned in my back when I again focused on my tent. 
Something big must have happened for this kind of reaction. I took a deep breath and pushed aside my tent flap. I stood in the doorway for a moment allowing my eyes to adjust to the dim light before stepping completely inside. I was more than a little surprised to find Ceres a previous lover of my mothers was lying on the furs in the center of the tent. He was sharpening his blades and even more oddly he had several of my personal blades also in his pile of belongings. He must have heard me enter since without glancing up he said in a voice filled with smugness.
What do you want? Cant you see I am busy preparing my blades? Be quick to state your business before I decide to use them on you.
Then he glanced up and made eye contact with me. I watched in amusement as his face turned bright red before he sputtered and leapt to his feet. He opened his mouth several times while he took a deep breath. Then finally he said with a lot less arrogance
Jace, it is you! Thank god you escaped from the Jinn. It is so good to have you home.
Then he moved forward and wrapped his arms tightly around me. Then while his lips were close to my ears he whispered just loud enough for me to hear
I made a decision when I saw the Jinn take you away. You know that I always desired to have a higher rank and a tent of my own. I claimed you as my hearts desire and told them how you eradicated five Jinn before being captured. I have them all convinced that you infiltrated the Jinns defenses and that you have been living within their walls.
I pushed Ceres away from me and allowed myself to process his words. With his actions he damned us both to hell. They would never allow his offense and lies to go unpunished. Worse I would never be given a chance to prove I wasnt part of the deception. I would need to play the part of his lies. Then I growled at him
How long did you think you would get away with this? They would have caught on eventually and killed you for your deception. Now they will want to execute us both. Our only chance is for you to tell me exactly what you said happened. Then I will find a way to make it appear to be the truth. Quickly give me the details so that I can relate the details the same way.
Ceres hastily provided me with a full account of his statements. Once I heard everything I needed to know I slowly dropped to the floor and tried to desperately think of something that could save our lives. Given how much time had already passed, I knew we had only moments before the higher ranking Slaugh would be expecting my full report. I swallowed several times then said
You are a lucky man Ceres. It is a damn good thing that I am not ready to die. I am going to save both of our asses.
Then I materialized an Inhibitor and slammed it quickly onto his neck. I know that it was cruel to take away his free will but I couldnt risk him saying or doing anything that I didnt have a chance to review in advance. What I was going to do was risky and was more likely to fail then work. I could see the shock and fear in Ceress eyes as he realized he was now wearing an Inhibitor. Before he could express alarm I looked Ceres in the eyes and said quietly
I dont know how much time we have left before they come for us. When they do keep your mouth shut and dont you dare do anything that I dont specifically sanction. You got yourself into this. You wanted a tent and didnt care what lies you made up to get it. You knew it would end in your death. It still will but not until I have found a way out for myself.
Ceres gasped loudly forcing me to look back at him. I saw a tear slip from his eye before he said in a voice filled with shame and terror
As you wish master. I never thought one of my own would use an Inhibitor on me. Death will now come as a blessing. Tell me, will you force me to end my own life when the time comes? Is there no chance you will allow me to service you enough to earn my freedom should we convince them of my lies?
I thought about his words but refused to allow him to see a reaction from me. Emotions are considered a weakness for the Slaugh. I couldnt allow him to know that I had no intention of killing him or forcing him to kill himself. I just wanted to buy us both enough time for an escape plan. I grunted like I could care less then quickly turned my back on him. I busied myself by gathering up both she and my previously discarded blades. 
Ceres continued to whimper and make noises behind me. I knew that he was desperately pulling at the Inhibitor around his neck hoping beyond hope that it slipped off in she hands. Though he knew as well as I did that nothing her did would remove the Inhibitor. There was nothing he could do that would remove it. I was just about to tell him to be silent and stop struggling when I heard the commotion just outside of my tent. I glanced towards Ceres and said just loud enough for his ears
It appears that it is time for our show, Ceres. Now do as I say and make me proud. Who knows if my plan works perhaps I will let you live after all.
Then I called forth my Jinn skin veneer and moved towards my tent flap. I said a silent prayer and briefly allowed myself to think of Hestia and the friends I had made at Earth before I forced myself to throw aside the flap and walk outside. I looked at the large crowd that had gathered and took a deep breath before I began to shout loudly enough so that all could hear me regardless of where they were in the camp.
I proclaim myself the highest ranking Slaugh in this camp. Stand back and lower yourselves to the ground in honor or me. I am the great Jace. I am a killer of Jinns and I wield great magic. I have accomplished unimaginable acts of valor. I am so clever I have even learned to steal their skin veneer. Bow now before me and show me your respect!
Chapter 25 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
 Listen Ceres, I am just as pleased as you are that our little performance went over so well, but despite that it appears our deception worked, we still need to get the hell out of here. We did nothing more than buy ourselves a little time. See, Ceres the truth is I have a hearts desire and you arent her. Worse my hearts desire is a Jinn and weve already consummated our marriage bond. Ive been getting this pain in the back of my mind and somehow, I just know shes not going to wait for me to return to her. Shes coming to get me. I can feel her stress and pain from our separation. Shes out there looking for me and shes getting closer by the minute.
I watched Ceress face drop as the realities of our situation penetrated his dense mind. Then I saw his eyes light with an idea and I knew he was thinking of how he could use the knowledge that my hearts desire was a Jinn to his advantage. I could see his rolling the possibilities around in his mind. I knew his train of thought was useless and I needed her to concentrate on a real solution so I said
Now, I know if I didnt have that Inhibitor on you you would want to run the hell out of here and tattle on me. However, you will never tell the people of this camp anything about my hearts desire. So instead of wasting time thinking about how you can get away without me, how about putting some real thought into how we are going to get out alive together.
Ceres grunted in disapproval. I could tell he would have preferred to use me as a sacrifice. Then the Inhibitor forced him into submission. I watched as his eyes closed for a few moments as his subconscious mind fought for control. Then I saw his acceptance. When he re-opened his eyes I could see calm determination. Then he said almost in a whisper
Why not just walk out. We can make it look like we are heading towards the river for a tryst and a little midnight swim. If we use all the right body language the rest of them will assume we simply want to pleasure each other. The only down side is we will need to leave the majority of our weapons behind.
I had to admit Ceres wasnt the sharpest knife in the drawer but he was devious and an expert at saving his own hide. The plan could and would work. Walking out was exactly what we would do. The only downside is we would be forced to pretend to be lovers. The other Slaugh would expect us to be all over each other. I found myself grimacing as I stripped off my clothes and nodded at him to do the same. 
As a Slaugh, Ceres would think nothing of the two of us being physical. Hell, most Slaugh loved sexual contact of any kind. I however found myself wanting to vomit at the idea of Ceres touching me intimately. Once we were both naked I motioned for Ceres to move closer to me. Then I said with as much venom in my voice as I could muster
For this plan to work, I understand you will have to be intimate and touch my body. However, if I think you are enjoying it for even one second I will make you pay. So think carefully before you allow yourself to be overcome with sexual prowess. If you go too far, or you dont stop the moment we are out of their visual field I just might remove your manhood or worse make you remove it. Do I make myself clear?
I watched Ceres swallow as fear shone brightly in his eyes. Then he gave a quick curt nod before dropping his eyes to the floor. Then he said in a voice filled with submission
You do all the touching, then you will have no cause to want to remove my manhood from me. I will be the submissive; you can even use a whip. Be very nasty and oppressive it will make it more real for the others. Tell me to do nasty things like licking your feet while crawling on my stomach towards the river. Call me names like dog and worthless scum. Be loud and make sure everyone notices your abuse. They will love it and think you are very similar to your mother.
I flinched at his mention of my mother. I loved her but he was right, I had tried to put her sexual preferences out of my mind. But the moment he said it, it crashed to the forefront and I could clearly recall that she was in fact rather abusive of her lovers. She often led them around on a leash or forced them to crawl around behind he like animals. Ceres was one of her favorite pets for many years. In fact she called him pet. Ceres was right if I put my clothes back on and paraded him through camp like a dog, the camp with think nothing of it. I nodded back at him and actually found myself smiling when I said
Ceres, you are far more clever than my mother gave you credit for. If we survive this I swear an oath that I will set you free unharmed.
Then I grabbed up my clothes and pulled them on. I stuffed as many weapons as I could beneath the folds then grabbed the whip and a long sturdy rope. 
Chapter 26 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
My mother used to say to me Jace, if you didnt have bad luck, you wouldnt have any luck at all she was of course right as always. Ceres and I walked right out of the pan and swam directly into the fire. 
Getting out of the Slaugh camp had been exceedingly easy. All it took was a few screeched obscenities and a couple of cracked whips against Ceress backside once or twice and then everyone ignored us. We made it to the river without any interference. Once there we decided our best course of action was to swim down river before attempting to change directions and head east. Id told Ceres that we would stay together for a few miles then I would remove the Inhibitor and we could head our separate ways. 
Ceres and I had been floating for no more than an hour when we felt the presence of others. I looked at Ceres for confirmation of my suspicions. I could hear wailing and howling and was disappointed that we might have just floated into Kelpie territory uninvited. Despite being both from the Unseelie court Kelpie and Slaugh rarely ever got along. More than likely they would see our presence as an affront and go on the attack. I was a trained fighter and capable of holding my own in battle against any race but a Kelpie in the water had strength and abilities that would be hard to overcome.
If I was correct then Ceres and I could already be surrounded by a whole herd of Kelpie. Fighting Kelpie in their human form on dry land wasnt ever an issue. Slaugh had far better combat skills, in fact Kelpie in human form were like lamb to the slaughter. Of all the Unseelie races, they were the weakest in battle on dry land. Aside from the sexual prowess, for the most part they posed no danger to anyone but a pixie on dry land.
That said however, none were better suited for battle in the water then the Kelpies. Water gave Kelpies a significant advantage in battle. Fighting large water horses or even their humanoid form while submerged in water was easier said than done. A kelpie would use its size to easily subdue Ceres or me. It would grab hold of us and pull us to the deepest, darkest depth of the sea and suffocate us before either of us had a chance to fight back. 
Another major obstacle was that Kelpies were incredibly fast swimmers and hard to detect. A Kelpie could easily escape our notice until it was close enough for its seaweed like tentacles were close enough to grab one or both of us. If they managed to wrap their tentacles around us chances are we would die. The tentacles were not only iron strong but also very poisonous, so even if we managed to cut it off our body, the poison would flood our system before we could even try to counteract it with a spell. That is of course if we could even get out of the water and call forth our Grimoire. Chances are we would become immobilized immediately following the attack and simply drown without being able to move.
I found myself shifting around in the water now fearful of everything that touched me. I felt something pull at my leg and was briefly yanked under the water. I kicked with all I had and forced myself back to the surface. I could see Ceres was struggling to keep himself above the water as well. I had to assume as we suspected only moments before, we were definitely dealing with Kelpies. With any luck it was the same one pulling at both of us. If that was the case if I could put distance between Ceres and I the Kelpie would have to choose which one of us it wanted to pursue. I gathered all of my remaining strength and swam as hard as I could towards the eastern shoreline while shouting at Ceres to head for the western banks.
I felt the Kelpie let go of my leg as it decided to concentrate on Ceres. I breathed a sigh of relief as I managed to pull myself out of the water onto the rocky embankment. I immediately called forth my Grimoire with the intention of casting a spell to counteract the poison and lift Ceres out of the water as well. Thats when I heard the wail. I looked down at my feet and realized I was standing in the middle of a thousands of Kelpie tentacles. 
I knew it was over. They would wrap themselves around my legs and pull me back into the water where their poison and the lack of oxygen would end my life. It was impossible to have any other outcome. I might have had half a chance of counteracting the first contact but there was no way I could counteract a second contact while being submerged under water. Time seemed to stop as I took in the realities of my situation. I closed my eyes waiting for the inevitable. I could feel the tentacles slithering slowly up legs until they were covered as I fell to the ground and the pulled me back towards the river. I didnt want to but I peered through eyelids and watched as the tentacles climbed higher and higher until all but my face were uncovered and I felt my body fully re-submerged in the water.  
Chapter 27 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
I felt the fresh air at the exact same moment, I felt the Jinn skin veneer explode across my body as I simultaneous I heard my Jinns deep velvety baritone voice bellow at me
Damn it Jace! What are you thinking? Do you have a death wish? Even you must know the Kelpie venom is deadly. Do you hate me so much you would rather die that allow me or my skin veneer to protect you?
I blinked several times as I allowed Hestia emotional outburst to wrap around me like a warm blanket. I could see her cheeks were flushed and she was visibly shaking in fear and anger with each step she took closer to me. The Kelpie had almost immediately backed off and slithered deeper into the moment they realized a Jinn had descended upon them. The few unlucky ones that remained were quick to transform into their human forms and attempt to seek a truce with Hestia.
Forgive us Jinn. We have no desire to fight with you. We are only Unseelie because we were rejected by the Seelie queen. We have no heart for this war. He is Slaugh, he is Unseelie. Since the war, Jinn stopped protecting Slaugh. How were we to know? He had no skin veneer before you arrived and he was with another male Slaugh. We only sought to protect our homes and families. We have no quarrel with you or your wards. We will give you any anti-venom you need that you require.
Hestia nodded and seemed to accept the Kelpies apology for attacking me. Then, the rest of the Kelpies words hit Hestia like a blow to the face. Her head swung in several directions before she spotted Ceres on the other side of the river her eyes not failing to take in Ceres's disheveled and semi-naked appearance. Hestia growled in what I was sure was jealousy before forcing her eyes back towards me. She was mere inches from my face as her eyes darted briefly back towards Ceres and smoke actually puffed from her nostrils. Then to my surprise she opened she mouth and said in a voice filled with protectiveness
Drink the anti-venom.
I swallowed the vial of anti-venom at the same time as I felt the skin veneer slip from my cheek. She raised her hand and gently traced her fingertips over my cheek. With her still shaking in what I thought might be anger or fear, I decided I needed to assess my situation more completely. I quickly reached reach out and felt her soul. Her emotions slammed into me nearly knocking the breath out of me. Hestia was being tortured by the countless emotions and had thousands of thoughts running through her. She was scared and worried about me but at the same time she was angry, jealous and suspicious of my being with Ceres. 
I was surprised that she could be so livid with fury and blinded by jealousy yet still be so gentle, kind and loving towards me. If only Hestia would learn to use the gifts I had given her. She could feel my soul as I felt hers and instantly know the truth. I wanted to calm her and assure her that Ceres was no threat to our relationship but I could tell Hestia wasnt ready to listen so instead I remained silent and allowed Hestia to set the pace. Hestia took her time checking my entire body for injuries. Once she was confident I was the picture of health he said in a hesitant voice
Will you come back to Earth with me?
I nodded then looked towards Ceres insinuating that he too would need to come with us. Hestia nodded in understanding then without another word threw a vial of anti-venom at Ceres then transformed into a huge Pterodactyl bird. Then she gently grabbed both Ceres and I in her immense talons and flapped her immense wings lifting us into the air.
It had taken me days to walk back to my Slaugh camp, so I was a bit surprised but please when it took Hestia less than three hours to fly us back to the Earth gateway. Ceres was verbally silent, but mentally he was whining and begging me for his life the entire flight. I did my best to assure him that he was in no danger but he refused to believe me. He was convinced Hestia would eat him alive the moment I was out of sight. I tried to tell him that Hestia was my fully wed hearts desire but Ceres refused to acknowledge my words.
By the time we reached the magic gate to Earth I was physically, psychologically and emotionally exhausted. I wasnt too surprised when Hestia dropped Ceres as she was landing making sure to get Ceres good and bruised up. I watched as Hestia transformed back to her human form and again looked me over for any new injuries. Then she turned her attention towards Ceres. I watched as her face changed from a look of love and desire to that of mistrust and weariness. Then she said in a voice filled with sadness and disbelief
Im not sure if Hestia paused as if she was searching for the right words to call Ceres before she continued
Your friend or lover of whatever he is to you will be able to cross the gates with us. Medic Dinlas says only those with a hearts desire on the other side or those with that truly want peace can cross. I doubt he has either of those things.
Im not sure why, since I knew she was having so many conflicting emotions that I got angry but I did. I was suddenly steaming hot at her words and her inability to control her jealousy. It annoyed the hell out of me that she still hadnt embraced what it meant to be the hearts desired of a Slaugh. She was my wedded hearts desire. She had the ability to reach inside of me and know exactly how I felt. It was she own ignorance and prejudice that kept us from being happy together. In that moment I again realized exactly why I left Earth and Hestia in the first place.
I was expected to accept her just as she was. Her traditions, her skin veneer, her rules. She however accepted nothing of mine. My traditions, my desires or even my magical gifts to her. I sputtered and was about to shout obscenities at Hestia when to my surprise Ceres stepped in between us. He looked back and for the a few times, scratched his head then saying out loud
I am so confused. Why all the subterfuge? I thought you said you were fully married hearts desires. If you are then why is she behaving this way? Can she not look into your heart, mind and soul and see all what has transpired over the past few days?
I felt a whoosh of air leave my lungs with Ceress words. I looked over at Hestia and saw bewilderment reflected in her eyes. Then she turned without another word and walked across the magical threshold and entered Earth. I felt my head drop to my chest as I said to Ceres
She could if she wanted to. I guess shes just not ready to accept the part of her that is now Slaugh. Anyhow enough of her. Lets get the Inhibitor off and see if we can get you across the gate.
I took several deep breaths before turning towards the gate. I encouraged him to attempt to do the same. We were both surprised when he encountered no barriers. I was shocked that Ceres must have a hearts desire on the other side. I felt my eyebrows raise in question. Then Ceres smiled and said
Now now, dont jump to conclusions. Is it so hard to believe that I would want real peace? You have known me your entire life. Think carefully, and ask yourself if you have ever seen me harm a single living being?
I thought on his words for a moment and was shocked that in all the time Id spent with him, even when he was my mothers lover Id never seen him in battle. Hell, Id never even seen him squash a bug. I was suddenly thinking of Ceres as I grew up. Hed always played the fool. He would take a hell of a beating but never raised his hands to another not even in self-defense. My mother or I would often have to rescue him.
There were times when we had prisoners and Ceres was always trying to feed and care for them. Once, when one of the leaders in our group tried to torture a prisoner Ceres had accidentally set them free. The more I thought about it the more I realized Ceres wasnt who I thought he was. Hed intentionally hid his true self. I felt my head tilt to the side and was about to ask so many more questions when he smile softly again and said in a hushed tone
Not now child, but soon. All will be revealed in its own time.
I would have loved to have instant answers, but in my culture it was common courtesy to allow other Slaugh to keep their secrets. It was expected that we Slaugh did not ask unwanted questions. He would tell me what and when he wanted to. I would not push nor would I even mention it without him initiating the conversation. With that last thought I nodded then reached out to take his hand in mine so that we could push through the gate together.
Chapter 28 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
Ceres and my arrival through the gate seemed to go unnoticed by most of the residents of Earth. I had to assume since there was only two ways for a person to cross the gate most residents no longer worried when someone came through. I looked around for Hestia but didn't see her in any direction I looked. Eventually, not knowing what else to do, I headed toward medic Dinlas' quarters. I'd hoped she could help me secure a residence for both myself and Ceres.
Ceres kept silent as we walked through the various passageways. I did however notice that his eyes appeared to soak in every detail of our surroundings. I also noticed that he would briefly hold his breath as we passed humans and Seelie court members. I saw him visibly shake as we crossed paths with a male Sidhe.
Without much thought I found myself reaching out for his hand so I could provide him comfort. Each time we passed someone that scared him I would give his hand a small squeeze until he would look away from them and smile up at me instead. It took us just about a half hour to arrive at the medics. After knocking for more than five minutes Ceres and I had to assume the medic was out. I looked over at Ceres and made a deep sigh before saying in a voice that I know held just a tad bit of defeat in it
"Well, I think we will need to go to Hestia's domicile after all. I wish I had any other contacts here but I don't. So um..."
I just stopped talking and instead took Ceres's hand back in mine and gently tugged him around the corner. Hestia lived pretty close to medic Dinlas' but it would still take us ten minutes or so to walk there. After our encounter at the gate I wasn't overly fond of seeing her again so soon. 
My heart was filled with dread and my head started to pound with warning. My legs seemed to become heavier and heavier with each step I took towards Hestia's. By the time I reached her front door I could swear my legs were made of lead. I looked over at Ceres and prepared to knock. Just as I raised my hand to the door, Ceres raised my other hand to his lips and gently kissed it.
I looked into his eyes briefly and smiled. He gave me a small smile back and said in a soft gentle voice. 
"The Jinn is your hearts desire Jace. Do not fear her and do not bow down to her. Dominate her as all Slaugh have always dominated the Jinn. Dominate her as all men should dominate woman. You are the superior being. She must come to love you for who and what you truly are. Each time you suppress your real self for her you lose more of her respect. You are Slaugh of the Unseelie court and she is a Jinn it is in both of your DNA for you to be the master and her the slave."
I felt a small tear slip from my eyes as I listened to Ceres's words. I knew that he meant well, but I also knew it would never work. Oh it is true that traditionally he would be right. But the truth is I believe it was that type of thinking that got us into the war in the first place. Slaugh always thought they were the superior being and worse, Slaugh abused and misused Jinn for far too long. Taking that approach would not bring Hestia and me closer it would destroy any chance we ever had. I didn't want to be superior or inferior to Hestia. I desired to be her equal and her partner. I didn't want to rule her and I sure as hell didn't want her to rule me.
"I don't fear my hearts desire Ceres. I fear that we may never come to terms with each other. I fear that she will always see me as Slaugh and never as Jace her hearts desire and equal partner. I fear that our differences in traditions and customs not to mention the war will keep us from ever finding happiness. And most of all I fear for the child in my womb, that may never call me father."
I saw Ceres's eyes alight with joy as I told him of Hestias pregnancy. My instincts told me that even Hestia had not yet realized that she was pregnant. Our connection however allowed me to feel the soul of our daughter as easily as I felt Hestias. Ceres hand involuntarily released mine and instead clapped excitedly in front of him. I saw something like pride light in his eyes. Then I saw something else. Something that caused a chill to run up my spine before he said in a voice filled with power.
"Jace, we must find a way for her to accept both of us. I was wrong to tell you to dominate her. Submit and allow the Jinn to rule you for both our sakes. I know you won't want to believe me but I I mean, we must be with her when the baby is born. I must be allowed to help raise the babe. I must be at your side. Let me do the right thing for you Jace. There is more to me than what meets the eye. Let me protect you Jace and the baby. You both must be protected and I will give my life for yours."
Before I could even take a breath or blink my eyes Hestia suddenly burst from the domicile. I heard her growl as I was suddenly again covered in her blue skin veneer from head to toe. Then Hestia grabbed hold of me and quickly moved me behind her. Tension filled the air and I assumed that Hestia and Ceres were about to face off as I heard Hestia bellow in Ceres's direction.
"I can protect my own husband. I don't need a dirty rotten Slaugh to take care of what's mine. How dare you try to take my husband? Go find your man or woman to play house with. You crossed the gate so there must be someone here for you. Go find them and stay the hell away from Jace."
I heard Ceres take a deep breath. I knew him well enough to know what he would do. He would drop his head and eyes to the ground and act simple minded. Then he would silently skulk away and watch us from a distance. To say that I was shocked would be an understatement, instead of silence I heard the sky crackle with thunder and lightning. Then, even from my place behind Hestia's massive body frame, I could see that Ceres doubled she physical size. Then just as Hestia had done just a few seconds earlier Ceres yelled out in a voice I would never have believed Ceres could even make
"You alone cannot protect them. You know not what you carry inside of you. Jace and the child you carry are not your possessions. They are living breathing beings. Slaugh and even that changeling inside of you are superior. You need to be reminded of that Jinn! You chose to marry Jace and you need to learn to honor him as he deserves to be honored. How dare you treat him as chattel? By choosing you he gave you more power and gifts than you can imagine. That child within you is the key to world peace. You have no idea who Jace and I really are"
He paused and waved his hand to the right and telepathically moved Hestia away from me. I was surprised Ceres had that kind of power and I could see that Hestia was also confused and desperately wanted to get back to me. Ceres shook his head indicating 'no' towards Hestia then continued
"You will stay right where you are. Jace and I will stay away for now. Fear not, we will remain here in Earth for now, but you must invest in the marriage as much as Jace has or the child within you will now grow up to fulfill her destiny."
Then I felt invisible fingers pull me towards Ceres. I'm not sure why but I allowed them to guide me away from Hestia and deeper within Earth. Ceres and I walked in silence for more than a half hour before we stopped in front of a door I'd never seen before. I had expected Ceres to knock but instead he simply waved his hand at the door and it opened invitingly.
I looked questionably up at Ceres and was even more surprised when I realized he remained in the larger physical form. He smiled softly then motioned for me to slip inside. Inside did not at all coincide with the outside. The room itself reminded me of the space my mother kept when I was a child. 
It was filled with warm soft animal furs. The walls were lined with various Slaugh armor and weapons and there was small bassinet next to the bed. I again looked towards Ceres. I was pleased to see he had returned to his normal stature. He again smiled briefly and moved towards a chair and sat down. Then in a calm quiet voice he said
"I made this space and the domicile for you Jace. I was constructing it as we walked through the town. I realized everything in this realm is just a magical construct. Only the people who reside within it are truly real. I also made the bassinet because way may have to take the child from Hestia if she doesnt begin to honor her side of the marriage."
He paused and took a deep swallow before he motioned for me to sit as well. I moved towards the only other chair I could see in the room and sat down. I looked back to Ceres and I could tell he was weighing his words carefully in his mind. I had so many questions. I've known Ceres for a very long time and things just didn't add up. I wondered if he would tell me everything of if he would just give me the basics and expect me to keep my curiosity to myself.
Chapter 29 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
I sat weeping in my hands and replaying Ceres's words over and over again in my head. Now that he said it out loud it all made sense. Looking back, I realized so many things that I didn't see when I was young. Things like my mother's faulty magic. There were times when my mother seemed to have very powerful magic, yet at other times she would be barely capable of minor spells. How could I have missed that my magic was more than double the strength of my mothers. I'd always chalked it up to her nerves and circumstance. Now however I knew the truth. 
Ceres told me everything. He held nothing back. He painstakingly stripped away my foolish youthful beliefs and plastered me with the truth. Ceres was no pushover or fool. He used the persona to hide his true self and my mother helped him. She hid the truth as much as he did. Turns out everything I believed as a child were nothing but lies. My mother and I never rescued Ceres. It was always truly Ceres and his magic that kept us sheltered and safe. 
Now, I knew far more than I ever wanted to know. Ceres was my birth father and he was also the real reason I was so powerful. His blood, his royal blood made me what I am. I was the child of a royal and not just any royal. My father Ceres and my Aunt Olympia were responsible for casting the spell that tore the souls of the both the Seelie and Unseelie court members in half.
It was because of that spell my father left the royal court and found my mother. Queen Hekuba is my cousin, my father's niece. According to Ceres, I was the rightful heir and would ascend to the throne unchallenged if she died. If that was all he told me, I would have pulled myself together by now but of course he didn't stop there. Instead he told me of a prophecy that would change everything. Then he swore the prophecy was about my child. Mine and Hestias child. That through my unborn daughter a child born of both Seelie and Unseelie blood, the war would end and peace and balance would be restored to Ghenna. Then he asked me to help her overthrow Hekuba and seize the Unseelie court crown. My tears continued to fall down my face as I hiccupped and recalled his parting words
"Jace, if we wait too long there may be no Unseelie left for your child to save. We need to be in a place to make this happen. Help me overthrow Hekuba. You can take the crown and sign treaties with the Seelie court members. The fighting would immediately stop but it will give us time for your daughter to grow up and save our people from extinction. You must know that the war won't end any other way. Hekuba will fight until all the Unseelie court are gone. Please do this with me. 
If you truly love your Jinn and if your heart truly seeks peace then this is the answer everyone has prayed for. Find a way to make peace with Hestia so that you and I can prepare the child. She must be taught our ways as well as the Seelie ways. The people who have gathered here in Earth can be your and hers army. Consider everything I've told you and call for me when you are ready."
Ready I thought to myself, I could never really be ready. How could these peaceful people of Earth help Ceres and I mount an attack against Hekuba the queen of Unseelie court? Heck these people didn't even trust me enough to cast a spell that could have broken their oaths to their old Jinn casts. They would never trust Ceres and me enough to help us attack the Unseelie court Queen.
I'm not sure how long I sat thinking before I heard a steady knock on the door. I forced myself to stop wallowing in self-pity and instead adorned my body with Jinn skin veneer. I briefly wondered who it could be since to my knowledge only Ceres knew where I was.
"Who is it I shouted through the closed door
"Jace, it's me Dinlas. Can I come in?"
Without another words I swung the door open and threw my arms around Dinlas. It was at that moment that I realized that I counted Dinlas as a true friend. I don't know when it happened maybe while I stayed with her but it did happen. I relaxed in her arms and found myself sobbing yet again.
Dinlas patted my back and ran her hand down my hair in an attempt to comfort and calm me. All the while murmuring gently in her soft voice
"It's okay handsome. It's all going to be just fine. You just let it all out and you're going to feel so much better. There there sweet man."
I felt Dinlas shift and watched as she handed me a silk handkerchief to wipe my nose on. She gave me a small tentative smile and brushed my hair out of my face before she sat down on a couch I hadnt even know was there when she walked in. I gave her a questioning look and she patted the couch and said
"Magic of course. Now, sit down honey. I know it's been a long day and you are emotionally bankrupt."
I wiped my nose and my eyes and allowed my body to flop onto the couch. Dinlas was right. It had been a long day and my emotions were all over the place. I sniffled again and found myself asking Dinlas
"How did you know where to find me?"
Dinlas smiled and gently started to rub the muscles in my back as she replied
"I'm an empath Jace. I told you that. I can feel people's pain. Here on Earth most people are pretty tranquil and calm. Well most people who aren't named Hestia or Jace that is. Anyhow, I just followed the pain and it led me right to your door. Do you want to talk about it?"
I sniffled again shook my head no. I wasn't ready to talk about mine and Hestia's problems and I sure as hell wasn't ready to tell anyone about Ceres or his crazy plan to revolt against Queen Hekuba or the prophesy about my unborn daughter. Dinlas understood completely and instead just continued to rub my back until I must have dozed off.
Chapter 30 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
I awoke in a warm soft bed on the second floor of the domicile that Ceres made for me. I looked around the room and was surprised by the lack of color or creativity. I assumed Dinlas created quickly last night and failed to use her imagination. Maybe she wanted to allow me to decorate the room based on my desires. Without even sitting up in bed I called out for her in an inquisitive voice
"Dinlas? Dinlas are you still here?"
It took only a few seconds to hear movement in the room next to mine. For some reason my head still felt a little heavy so I didn't bother to turn around immediately when I heard the door open. Maybe it was something in the air. Or maybe it was a smell or a tiny charge of electricity. Whatever it was I suddenly knew I wasn't in the domicile that Ceres built for me. In fact, I was pretty sure I wasn't even inside of Earth and I was positive the person that walked through the door wasn't Dinlas.
With my body feeling incredibly heavy and my mind feeling incredibly sluggish it took tremendous strength for me to slowly turn my body towards the door. I heard he cackle before I saw her. A female Slaugh, she smiled an evil smile and licked her blood red lips. I tried to talk again and ask who she was and where I was but she silenced my voice with a wave of her hand and a single word.
"Silence."
Then she cackled again before saying. 
"My foolish cousin. How did you and my simple minded uncle ever think you could beat me? You were a fool to challenge me. Look what you've made me do."
Then she waved her hand and my mind was suddenly filled with the sight of rows and rows of dead bodies. I realized it was the people of Earth. In their homes and on the street. Their faces turned blue and their eyes popped out of their sockets. I managed to force the word How into my mind. Hoping she would elaborate. She cackled again and a look of pure joy and pleasure crossed her face before she said
"Oh it was too easy. My stupid uncle should have never entered your stupid little dimension through the gate and he should have never told you the truth. He swore to my mother he would never claim you. That's why you were allowed to live. When my mother died she told me the truth and I sought you out and placed a spell on you. The moment my idiot of an uncle told you the truth the spell kicked in."
She stopped talking and started laughing again. This time she laughed so hard I saw tears in her eyes and she held her side like she had a small pain in it. Between laughs she finally said
"You want to know the best part. It was you who killed them all. Even your Jinn. I climbed inside of your body and cast a spell that removed all the oxygen from the alternative universe. Everyone in your precious little Earth suffocated to death. They never even realized what hit them."
I started screaming and tried to get up from the bed but my body refused to obey me. I watched in horror as Hekuba moved closer to the bed. She pushed the image of her strangling me into my mind. The moment she did my lungs ceased to pull in air. My head grew even heavier and a loud buzzing sound started in my ears. Part of me was glad and welcomed death. I allowed my eyes to flutter closed.
Chapter 31 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
"Jace wake up! Jace please wake up!"
I blinked several times and looked up into Dinlas' eyes. We were lying on the floor next to the couch Dinlas made in the domicile Ceres created for me. 
"Oh Jace, thank the gods you woke up. You must have been having a terrible nightmare. First you went into a seizure and started flopping around the room. I was afraid you swallowed your tongue because you stopped breathing. Your face was turning blue and your eyes started to bleed. I perform tried CPR but nothing was working."
I coughed and tried to speak but my mouth felt like it was full of cotton. I coughed again and managed to croak out the word
"Water"
"Of course" Dinlas said nervously then added with a firmer voice
"Can you sit on the couch while I fetch some water? I'll need to go next store since as you know food and water aren't sustainable on this side of the gate."
I nodded then allowed her to help me to my feet. I sat down on the couch and started taking deep calming breaths. Dinlas lifted my face and looked into my eyes before she gave me a small smile and said in a voice now filled with her traditional confidence
"Okay then. Keep taking those calming breaths. I'll be right back. We need to talk about what just happened. It um... well it wasn't like anything I've ever seen before. There was more magic in the air then I think Ive felt in years. Something big was happening and I think we need to understand it much better.
I sat patiently while Dinlas went to get water. She wasnt gone more than fifteen minutes. I found myself replaying the dream and every word Hekuba said in my dream over and over again. When Dinlas returned with the water we ended up talking long into the night. By the time the sun started to rise I'd told her everything that had transpired in my life since I left Earth and everything that happened yesterday when I came back. I even told her my dream in complete detail leaving out nothing.
She hummed and awed a few times but for the most part Dinlas just seemed to absorb my words and my emotions. When I first started telling her the dream the hair on the back of my neck was standing on end and I was ill at ease. Oddly however, truth was as each word slipped off my tongue and out of my mouth the nightmare lost its hold on me. By the time I finished telling her everything I was almost serene.
I took a couple of easy breaths and even mentally gave myself a pat on the back. I was proud of myself that I'd opened up and told Dinlas everything. The only other person I had ever even tried to bare my soul to tightly close her eyes and refused to even look. I was still patting myself on the back when it suddenly occurred to me that Dinlas had been absolutely silent since I finished. 
That's when it hit me. My sense of relief and serenity seemed to come at a price to Dinlas. She appeared to be breathing rapidly and had a sheen of sweat dotting her brow. I could see her eyes looked almost glassy. I watched her swallow several times. She reached her hand out towards me and managed to say in a voice just slightly louder than a whisper
"Jace, get Ceres. Your nightmare wasn't just a nightmare. The queen really did tap into your psyche. Now she's trying to force her way into me. She knows about Earth and she's not happy. Hurry I don't know how long I will be able to fight her on my own."
Dinlas' words knocked the serenity and peace right out of me. I was suddenly in a full panic again. It was real. The queen did inhabit my body. Holy shit! Where was Ceres? How was I going to find him? Oh god what did he tell me when he left last night? Oh hell! I threw my head back a screamed as loud and as long as my lungs would allow
"Ceee-----rrrrr------eeeee----ssss"
To my surprise and relief by the time I finished and took a huge breath to scream yet again Ceres burst through the closed door, chunks of woods flying in all directions. He looked over towards me then towards Dinlas. I never said anything. Somehow he just knew. I watched him move towards Dinlas and place his hand on her forehead and the other over her heart. Then I could see him channeling magic as his body grew into the larger form he had yesterday when he scorned Hestia. 
It didn't stop there however. He was radiating magic through his body and I realized his skin tone was shifting between all of the elements. Dark blue for water, then green for plants, then blood red for fire and finally back to light blue for air. Then it started all over again. 
He started to chant and while I recognized some of the words, others seemed to escape me. Ceres reached his hand out towards me and I without even thinking I linked mine with his. I felt my own body expand and somehow I knew Id grew just as Ceres had done I too was now cycling through the elements and colors of our people.
Then my mouth opened and I realized I was chanting the same words as Ceres. Now however I realized I knew every single word. We were singing a song to create barriers. Each word we spoke created more and more distinct borders around our new home. When we finished Hekuba would be confined to Ghenna and unable to cross the boundaries of Earth.
The final words slipped from our mouths and I felt my body go limp. I knew that for the second time in as many days I was going down for the count. This time however I didn't even bother trying to fight it.
Chapter 32 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
I awoke in the same position I had passed out in. I managed to lift my head high enough to see that Ceres and Dinlas were still in the same exact position that both of them were in went I passed out, they both however were still unconscious. I managed to pull myself up into a sitting position and reach for the pitcher of water.
I took a go swallow then forced myself to my feet. I made my way to Ceres first. I felt for a pulse and was grateful when I felt it beat lightly beneath my fingertips. I actually let go of my breath that I hadn't even realized I'd been holding. I forced myself to reach out and grab Dinlas wrist next. Thankfully, she too was still alive. I sighed and looked around the room. It was odd, but I knew the three of us had somehow changed the fundamental magic that made Earth. It was as if this new dimension was now more stable. 
Ceres was the first to awaken. He smiled then reached for the pitcher of water. I watched him take a good swallow. Then he too looked around the room. The moment his eyes landed back on me he said in a voice that held just a tad bit of awe
"We did it! We kept Hekuba out. There is no way she can ever harm the people here."
He laughed and smiled broadly before he continued with
"And it looks as if our magic had a beneficial side effect. Can you see it Jace? Can you feel the difference? This new dimension is somehow more substantial and solid. It isn't just a thin gate any longer. It's a new world, a completely new plain of reality. I wouldn't be surprised me if food and water could be sustained here now."
I smiled and shook my head in agreement. It pleased me to know that I Hestia and I would be able to raise our child in a safe environment. If Earth was now capable of sustaining food and water than we had a real chance of surviving not only the war but far beyond the war. Perhaps the Unseelie court wouldn't become extinct after all.
I was going to have to cling to that idea since, Hestia, my unborn child and Earth were the only thing I ever really wanted. Still even with this great accomplishment I felt my hart drop, somehow deep inside my heart and soul I just knew that Hestia and I might never find happiness together.   
Chapter 33 POINT OF VIEW  Hestia
Just breathe Hestia; its not time to push yet. I know youre tired but you just need to hang in there. I'm going to confer with Ceres on a possible spell that could help alleviate your labor pains. In the meantime, I've asked Aoibhell and Castor to come in and sit with you. Aoibhell is a Slaugh midwife that recently joined us. She births all the Slaugh babies and has been taking care of all the people who still aren't comfortable with me. She wants to try and help turn your daughter from the outside. She seems to think she might be successful even with your skin veneer in place.
I watched as Dinlas took a deep breath and tried to calm herself even more. I knew she was really concerned since I noticed the pinched look on Dinlas face. I also knew the position the baby was in that had her so uptight. She was convinced my daughter wasnt too big just pointing in the wrong direction. I on the other thought Dinlas had to be insane. There was no way that I was going to be able to give birth to my daughter no matter what direction her head was pointed in. Clearly she was just too big. I tried to keep a smile on my face but after more than thirty six hours of labor smiles were a distant memory. I was tired and I could tell that Dinlas and I already knew the outcome of this labor.
I couldnt blame anyone but myself. Dinlas had done everything should could possibly think of. My situation had was like no other and nothing would go right. Dinlas did her best to try and prepared me for a difficult delivery but we could never have been ready for this. First, the baby is breech. Despite the fact that Dinlas has used every medical trick and few magical tricks nothing she does will turn the baby around. And at her excessive size at almost twenty pounds I was barely going to be able to have natural birth. Breech is impossible. My baby is slowly but surely killing me from the inside out.
Then, Jace just disappeared. Im pretty sure it has something to do with Hekuba but he just disappeared into thin air. Nothing and no one could have pried Jace from my side. He left the room two months ago to get me a glass of water and never came back. Weve looked everywhere. Ceres even cast a location spell but Jace just doesnt seem to be anywhere. My heart and soul are afraid hes dead and thats why we cant find him.
That's when my body betrayed me. Suddenly I was covered in light blue skin veneer from head to toe and everything in between. No matter what I did I simply could not bring down the skin veneer. That was the final blow. With my skin veneer in place even the super risky C-section wasnt an option anymore. I and my unborn child were going to die during childbirth there wasnt anything anyone could do about it. I felt a tear slip from my eye as I remember the day that Dinlas warned me this was exactly what could happen.
FLASH BACK
Dinlas, do you have any clue on why I can't get these skin veneer to come down?
Dinlas continued to hold my hand at my wrist checking my pulse when she looked me in the eye and shook her head. Clearly she had no more clue than I. She smiled brightly then said
Hestia, I'm going to need you to lie down so I can measure the babys growth. For only five months you seem really large.
I laughed under my breath at her choice of words. Seems awfully large. No I am awfully large. My stomach has already grown more in five months than most Jinn females grown in the entire twenty months of a normal pregnancy. At this rate by the time I get to full term I will be the size of an elephant
I laid back down on the table and allowed Dinlas to lift my shirt. She ran a small round object over my stomach up and down then side to side. She lifted the pad off the side of the table and wrote something down. Then she turned to face me again. I could see the seriousness in her eyes despite the fake smile she had plastered onto her face. Then she let out this long loud breath before she finally said.
Hestia, there is no easy way to say this. I'm going to need to ask Jace to come in here because we're going to need to make some hard decisions.
I tried to argue with her but even Ceres seemed to think that Jace needed to be part of the decision. It took Jace almost fifteen minutes to join us in the medical center. I knew he arrived before anyone told me. I could feel the electrical currents running through the air. Then my soul seemed to perk up. He walked into the room and immediately sat down in the chair directly beside me.
Dinlas and Ceres took the seats opposite of us. Part of me got a little angry when I realized Dinlas must have already told Ceres whatever it was she wanted to tell Jace and me. Then she opened her mouth and the words that came out caused stabbing pains to shoot through my heart and soul. I was so distraught that I couldnt stop myself from leaning forward and embracing Jace.
Basically she explained the baby was going to be too large for my womb. That by the time I reached my fifteenth month, my womb would basically explode killing both me and my unborn child. Dinlas only offered two options. Option one, was to terminate my pregnancy. According to Dinlas it was the only way to guarantee my life and health.
The second was to induce labor in my tenth month and deliver the baby premature. This was risky for both the baby and me. Even at eleven months the baby would be well over fifteen pounds. That's nearly triple a typical Jinn birth. Dinlas was concerned but felt I should be able to birth a baby that large. If however I do manage to deliver her without bleeding out then we have to worry about her lung and heart development.
That that day initially drove a bigger wedge between Jace and I. Jace believed terminating the pregnancy was the only choice we should consider. We argued for days until I finally forced him to accept that I was not terminating the pregnancy. I was so mad however that I made sure to avoid being in Jaces company at all costs. That was until I couldnt even get myself to the bathroom. Jace and Ceres became my saving grace. The three of us over the past five months have been inseparable until Jace disappeared.
I'd been at the medical center and Dinlas had done one of her typical measurements when she said the baby put on nearly five pounds in less than a week. She called Jace and said it was now or never. Then she had me drink this really nasty stuff and just like that my water broke and labor started.
Initially it looked like it was going to be smooth sailing. Then labor just stopped. When Dinlas examined me she looked very confused and said that my mucus membrane had re-sealed itself. Since inducing labor was a relatively new procedure Dinlas just whipped up another batch of the nasty concoction and I drank it again.
This time my labor didn't stop. Instead my baby turned. It was like she knew she was too young to be born and was desperate to remain safe and warm inside of me. In her new position it was impossible for me to give birth. Dinlas was desperate to turn her and tried every known method. Nothing worked. I felt a terrible pain cut through my stomach. It was so forceful I shouted out again at the top of my lungs.
Castor and Aoibhell ran to my side. Castor looked at me like I was already dead. His eyes were ringed in red and his face full of sorrow. Aoibhell lifted my hand into hers and started to pat it. Then she said very quietly
I'm thinking we might need to be radical. Sometimes when a very strong high rank Slaugh babe thinks its life's threatened it can control its moms body. I think that what you're babes doing. I think with the help of Castor, we can use enough force to weaken your skin veneer enough so I can cut through your stomach with my claws and pull the babe out. I've done this before to other females that carried Slaugh babes in a similar situation. Just earlier this year I successfully performed this on a human female and both she and the babe survived.
I have to be honest though, it's very unlikely that you will survive this procedure. The babe was much less developed in the human. She was smart enough to induce labor while the babe was still less than ten pounds. Your babe is really large. So large that I am basically going to have to rip the baby and your womb out. If somehow, you do manage to survive you will be scared terrible and definitely not be able to have any more babes. If I don't do this however there is no chance you or the baby will survive. I told medic Dinlas but she thought it was too dangerous. She foolishly believes she can somehow find Jace and that he can somehow miraculously save you and the baby. Let me assure you I have birth many Slaugh babies and I know far better than she does that this is your only chance. If I thought for a moment there was a better way I would never have told you about this.
Aoibhell stopped talking but continued to pat my hand. I looked up at Ceres, then back to Aoibhell and said 
Do it. Do it now before Dinlas comes back and stops you.
Chapter 34 POINT OF VIEW  Hestia
Okay Hestia, on three we are both going to attack you mentally and try to force down your skin veneer. We need you to do your best not to fight back even when you feel Aoibhell tearing into you. I just wish to hell we knew were Jace was. This could be so much easier if he were here to calm the babe and lower your skin veneer.
I looked up at Castor and Ceres and could clearly see the concern and fear emanating from their eyes. Then I glanced towards Aoibhell and for half a second I thought I imagined triumph wash across her face. I couldnt imagine why Aoibhell would look happy to do this dangerous procedure so I forced myself to blink several times and clear the foolish thought from my mind. By the time I re-opened my eyes and looked again at Aoibhell I was positive her face too held nothing but concern. I took a huge breath and sighed as I licked my lips and nodded my head. I knew it was time so I gathered my courage around me like a warm blanket and forced myself to say in a voice that hid my fear and trepidation
I understand. Please know that no matter what happens, I counted all of you as true friends and know that you have only ever tried to help me. If for some reason however I dont manage to survive, please promise me that you will help Jace to raise our child to the best of his ability. If not for you guys, none of this would have ever come to pass. I would have died many months ago.
Castor reached out and squeezed my hand. I could tell he was trying to find the right words to say back to me. I think my tenderness might have thrown him off just a tad. After Jinn men werent known for their sweet disposition and words. I however meant exactly what Id said to Castor. Before Castor and Earth Id lived the majority of my life with no friends and really little to no one that even seemed to care about me. 
Castor changed my life by bringing me and Jace to Earth. If Castor hadnt saved my life, none of this would have even been possible. I owe everything I have and everyone Ive come to love including my unborn child to Castors generous gift of life. If nothing else, even if I fail to survive this procedure mine and Jaces child will live because of Castors kind soul. I was about to say something more but lost my chance when Aoibhell cleared her throat and said a little abruptly and clearly more for Castors benefit than me. 
Were running out of time. Its now or never. The babys is in major distress. I cant hear a heartbeat anymore. 
I watched a tear slip from Castors eye just as he released my hand and started counting
One
Im not honestly sure if Castor continued to count or not. If he did none of the other numbers registered in my conscious mind. My head was instantly assaulted by more pain than I could have ever anticipated. Castor, Ceres and Aoibhells assault on my mind was so vicious that my ears, eyes and nose had to be leaking blood. I felt Castor, Ceres and Aoibhells presence forcefully slam into my conscious brain. My head started to ache at the same time as I felt a terrible burning sensation flood my lower abdomen. My sense of time and pain became blurred. My body was in such horrible pain that I started to allow myself to ghost out of my body. I was in such immediate and horrific pain that l started to withdraw and pull free of my body. Just as I tore myself out I was sure I started to scent blood in the air.
I looked down at myself and saw that Aoibhell was forcefully pushing her talons deep into my stomach. I could see pools of blood gathering around the insertion points. It appeared Aoibhell wasnt wasting any time as she vehemently and completely sunk in all five of her long sharp talons and was about to tear open my belly when I was suddenly overcome by Jaces presence reverberating through the entire room. He communicated one concept the word NO.
Several things happened almost all at once. First, Jace presence pressed forcefully into my mind and immediately compelled Castor, Ceres and Aoibhell out. Then my skin veneer slammed back into place so forcefully that it tore Aoibhells talons right out of her hand. I watched as Aoibhell grabbed her head and slipped painfully to the floor with a loud thumping sound. She immediately started to make painful whimpering sounds. Ceres eyes grew three sizes as he took a huge step away from me and immediately started looking around the room, I would assume for Jace. Then Castor too grabbed his head and slumped to the floor.
Seeing this, I forced myself to end my ghosting and snapped back into my body. My stomach ached and for some reason I couldnt feel my childs presence any longer. I tried to sit up just as Dinlas burst through the room. Dinlas was holding her Grimoire in her left hand open to some spell or another and was already muttering the spell under her breath. Dear sweet tiny Priam the pixie member of the council was right behind her and had a very sharp looking sword held high in the air clearly ready for battle. His wings beating triple time to keep his tiny body in the air while holding such a large sword.
Aoibhell dont you dare move or Priam and I are prepared to end your existence.
Castor released his head at just that moment and looked questionably at Dinlas then back to Aoibhell. She managed to mutter the word
What?
Priam raised the sword even higher in the air and said
Dont act stupid. Jace knows what you tried to do and hes already sent the rest of the Jinn cast this way. Im sure they are right behind us so how about moving further away from Hestia.
Upon hearing Dinlas words Aoibhells painful whimpering sounds change to full out screaming in fear and agony. Random words and begging were scattered between her screams.
No please...Jace. No. But I love you...You are my hearts desire not hers Its my arms that youve been sleeping in...I can give you a real baby not some changeling cast away...You are the rightful King of the Unseelie court, I should be your queen. I only tried to help you Please You know you love me Jace You said so. She doesnt deserve you
I felt my heart slam around in my chest as I started to understand Aoibhells words and put two and two together. My lungs ached and pain tore through my soul. Jace and Aoibhell were lovers. It must have happened sometime during my pregnancy since Aoibhell had only come to live in Earth in the past few months. I briefly considered the idea that they were lovers before Earth but then I remembered the day Aoibhell and Jace met and I knew it theyd never know each other before that.
My soul vibrated within me and screamed out in pain. Jace is my hearts desire not hers. Wed completed the wedding ceremony. Wed sworn to be live in the way of the Jinn. Monogamous lovers! How could Jace be so disloyal to our vows and give his body to another? As the full implications of Aoibhells words and Jaces betrayal dawned on me I became positive Aoibhell hadnt been trying to save mine and the baby's life. Aoibhell had been trying to kill me and the baby because she and Jace were lovers. I think the realization crossed Ceres mind at the same time since he turned to glance towards Aoibhell his face transforming into a pure look of disgust. Then Ceres lips curled as he slowly moved to the far corner of the room and all but shouted in Aoibhells direction
You pathetic excuse for a Slaugh! You disgrace the Slaugh race being so deceitful and foul. How could you? You are not half the woman that Hestia is. You deserve any punishment that you are given.
Castor feeling used started to edge his way father into the corner while saying in soft voice 
Im so sorry Hestia. I didnt know. I would never have thought she was capable even knowing that theyd become lovers. Please forgive me. I would have never allowed her to hurt you if I'd have known. You must believe me.
I didnt want to hear anymore. I think I might have even moaned aloud. Why! I wanted to scream my pain out to the world. Why did Jace forsake me only to take another? And why did it hurt so very much? I should have expected this. He was Slaugh of the Unseelie court and Slaugh always had multiple lovers and sex partners. Jace and Aoibhells dalliance shouldnt have bothered me. Yet I felt as if my heart was torn from my chest and thrown uselessly down to the floor so Aoibhell could stomp on it with her long willowing ugly body.
Before I could say or do anything several Jinn in their human form burst into the room and took Aoibhell and Castor out. Aoibhell was still begging for Jaces forgiveness while Castor begged for mine. Honestly, I didnt want to know anymore. My soul ached and I my heart was shattered. I wanted nothing more to do with this world or anything in it. The moment the room was empty Dinlas rushed to my side and immediately started taking vitals on myself and the baby.
It was only a few minutes before I knew the truth. I watched as it dawned on Dinlas face then was reflected in Ceress. My child had already passed from this world into the next. I was not to be a mother after all. I felt tears gush from the corners of my eyes as my head became heavy and my breathing became shallow. I knew I was getting ready to pass out. I didnt try to fight it. Instead I embraced the darkness hoping beyond hope that I would never have to open my eyes to this cruel uncaring world again. 
Chapter 35 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
I awoke feeling like Id been drenched in water. My body was in a full sweat. My hair clung to my neck and my heart was racing. I swung my head wildly around the room trying to get my bearings. I was in my home that Ceres made for me. I didnt even know that house still existed. It had been months since Id lived here. Yet, I was lying on the floor and could see that Dinlas and Ceres were unconscious or possibly even dead out on the couch. 
My mind was in utter chaos. What the hell happened? How did we all get here? Where was Hestia? How did I get here? I swallowed hard and tried to figure out where I was and what was going on. I started to stand up and was surprised when I heard Ceres moan. The more time that passed the more confused I was becoming. I couldnt change the feeling that wed all done this before somehow. I swallowed hard then forced myself to my feet. I made my way to Ceres first. I felt for his pulse and was grateful when I felt a soft beat beneath my fingertips. I actually let go of my breath that I hadn't even realized I'd been holding.
I forced myself to reach out and grab Dinlas wrist next. Thankfully, I was able to feel her pulse as well. I dropped down onto the couch next to Dinlas when I was overcome by this loud painful ringing in my ears. I was clutching my head in my lap moaning in pain when Ceres regain consciousness. I heard her make several shallow coughing noises before he reached for the pitcher of water. I heard take a long slow swallow before I felt her moving around. I managed to force my eyes open despite the pain. The moment Ceress eyes connected with mine he said in a voice that held just a tad bit of awe
"We did it! We kept Hekuba out. There is no way she can ever harm the people here."
Ceress words vibrated in my ears like a thousand bee stings. Id never felt such intensive horrific pain. I might have started screaming out loud. My ears were melting and it felt like an ice pick was being driven inside of my eardrums over and over again. My were on fire and it felt as if magma was seeping from the edges of my cornea onto my cheeks. Something was wrong. Something was very wrong. None of this felt right. Why was I here and where was Hestia?
I think my body went into shock and I might have started having convulsions. I know I somehow managed to twist my body off of the couch and felt my head slam involuntarily against the floor several times. I heard Ceress voice and was surprised that it sounded like it contained fear and concern. Then Dinlas face swam in front of my vision. She was blurry and clouded in a mist. I could see he mouth moving but I couldnt make out the words. 
I was positive I was about to pass out when the pain in my ears suddenly subsided and my vision cleared. My head was still heavy and my brain was slowly trying to reboot itself. I wanted to ask Dinlas and Ceres was the hell was going on when I was suddenly assaulted by the smell of sulfur. Thats when I realized Dinlas and Ceress panic filled voices chanting an exorcist spell
"At doon ay lumabas sa aking mga mata, 
ikaw ay nasa masamang mismo. Kumuha out! Walang "
"At doon ay lumabas sa aking mga mata, 
ikaw ay nasa masamang mismo. Kumuha out! Walang "
"At doon ay lumabas sa aking mga mata, 
ikaw ay nasa masamang mismo. Kumuha out! Walang "
I mentally translated their chant it basically said, Evil is in my sight, you have no rights to this vessel. Get out! Why the hell did they think I was possessed and who the hell did they think was possessing me. I opened my mouth to say just that and was terrified when butterflies started erupting from my mouth. I found myself rolling over to my side as hundreds of Monarch butterflies burst from my lungs.
Dinlas and Ceress voices grew louder as they swatted at the butterflies
"At doon ay lumabas sa aking mga mata, 
ikaw ay nasa masamang mismo. Kumuha out! Walang "
"At doon ay lumabas sa aking mga mata, 
ikaw ay nasa masamang mismo. Kumuha out! Walang "
"At doon ay lumabas sa aking mga mata, 
ikaw ay nasa masamang mismo. Kumuha out! Walang "
My lungs ached desperately for air and I was positive they were in jeopardy of collapsing from the onslaught of the butterflies. Just when I was sure I was going to pass out Ceres stepped forward and snatched me off the floor and roughly started pounding on my back. I coughed several times and finally I felt air flood my lungs. Dinlas was still chanting but Ceres momentarily stopped speaking and was now intently staring into my eyes. I blinked several times and watched as his fingers moved towards my lips.
I felt him gently run his fingers across my jaw and was surprised when he pulled his hand back and revealed that it was now covered in blood. I tried to say something but was my mouth felt like it was full of cotton balls. Then to my surprise Ceres abruptly dropped me and I felt my body smash roughly into the floor. I thought I heard him say
Use the consecrated water on him now! It will help to push Jaces and Hekubas souls out. Then once Jaces body is vacant of both of their souls we can sanctify it and make it a viable vessel for Jace again. We might even be able to trap Hekubas soul here in earth without a body. If we accomplish that, we have a real chance at killing her for good.
Dinlas stepped forward and splashed water on me before pressing her palm to my forehead. She and Ceres were both chanting loudly again. I was in agonizing pain. If my mouth and voice would have worked I would have been screaming and begging for Dinlas and Ceres to make the pain stop. I would have done or given anything to have the unbearable agony halted. 
Then without trying I was suddenly ghosting from my body. The moment I was free of the horrendous pain I was able to think more clearly. I looked down at myself and was stunned to see my own body flopping around on the floor. My eyes were open but instead of clear black my eyes had this cloudy glazed look and the black of my eyes were actually bright red. There was also some kind of thick black nasty liquid seeping from the corners of my eyes. I bent down towards my own body and was stupefied when I realized the black liquid was actually thick black sticky blood. My eyes, ears and nose were all bleeding profusely. The rhythm and words of Ceres and Dinlas chant changed and I knew they were aware I was no longer inside of my own body.
"Sa pamamagitan ng aming dugo, at ang tubig dapat 

mangyari sa maghugas ng isang makasalanan!"
"Sa pamamagitan ng aming dugo, at ang tubig dapat 
mangyari sa maghugas ng isang makasalanan!"
"Sa pamamagitan ng aming dugo, at ang tubig dapat 
mangyari sa maghugas ng isang makasalanan!"
It basically translated to By this sanctified water and by the power of our precious blood, remove the soul invader. It worked on me but I wasnt sure that Hekuba was also pushed out. I felt my heart rate increasing as I the situation continued to real itself to me. Things couldnt be any worse. It didnt take a medic to realize I my body was in real bad shape. Not only were my eyes, ears and nose bleeding but my flesh was covered in pustules that were also leaking black blood. 
I couldnt see how I was ever going to survive this. We were stupid to take on Hekuba. She was the queen for a reason. Her magic was stronger than the three of ours combined. Dinlas and Ceres continued to chant and I knew she still had possession of my body. I saw Dinlas and Ceress eyes begin to leak the same black blood and I knew Hekuba was winning. Now, she would make sure that I had a very painful death before she killed everyone in Earth. I understood everything now. Hekuba told me the truth the first time she spoke to me. It felt like months ago but was most likely only hours ago. I heard her words ring in my ears.
Oh it was too easy. My stupid uncle should have never crossed the gate and he should have never told you the truth. He swore to my mother he would never claim you. That's why you were allowed to live. When my mother died she told me the truth and I sought you out and placed a spell on you. The moment my idiot of an uncle told you the truth the spell kicked in.
Everything I thought Id lived through in the past several months was all a lie. Hestia and I hadnt finally found peace together. Id never met Aoibhell and ruined my chances of ever finding happiness with Hestia. I wasnt just forced to stay in my ghosting form for hours because of an evil vixens magic and forced to watch my wife and daughter die in childbirth. Thank god, it was all a lie. Hestia was still alive and so was our unborn daughter. Well that is if Hestia is even pregnant. Chances are none of it ever happened. Hekuba must have entered my psyche the moment Ceres and I crossed the gate into Earth. I would imagine since that time Hekuba has been in control of my body and shes kept me subdued with lies and false realities. 
I struggled to figure out how much time might have passed. I tried to remember if Ceres said Hestia was pregnant before or after we crossed the gate. The word After popped into my head. Thats when I realized I had no idea how much time or what events had taken place while I was possessed. I started to feel desperate to see Hestia. 
If I was going to die and it looked like I was; then not making it right with Hestia would be my only one real regret. I just knew in my heart and soul that Hestia and I would have found a way to make it work. We were two sides of the same coin. She was my hearts desire my one true loveWe only needed time. The moment I thought the word true love I found myself leaving Dinlas, Ceres, my body and the infernal chanting behind as my soul sought Hestia. 
Chapter 36 POINT OF VIEW Hestias
Date:  7.10.01 AE
 If anyone tries to use deadly force against my hearts desire, I will personally rip them to shreds! Does everyone understand me?
I shouted at the top of my lungs to make sure everyone heard me and knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that I meant what I said. If anyone dared to attack Jace's body I would end their lives on the spot. No second chances. Jace is my hearts desire and I will do whatever it takes to make sure he comes to no harm. 
We can't pull him back Hestia! It's been hours and nothing we do makes even a small difference. Please understand, Hekuba has full possession of Jaces body and honestly we don't even know if Jace's soul is still on this plane of existence or has already moved onto the next. We believe our only course of action is to destroy Jace's body. It's the only way we can save Earth from Hekuba's wrath. Hekuba is too powerful for anyone here to fight without deadly force. Please Hestia, you need to accept that Jace is gone and try to help protect the rest of us!
I heard council member Oya's words but I knew she was wrong. My heart and soul knew Jace was still here on this plane. I could feel his presence wrapping itself around me. Begging me to help him find his way back. Jace is alive and no one is going to take him away from me. There had to be another way to stop Hekuba from pulling Earth apart at the seams. I threw back my head and roared with all my strength. I poured my pain, sorrow and frustration into it. Then I transformed into a Typhon with the intention of killing anyone foolish enough to move in the direction of Jace's immobilized body. 
Most Typhons were very large and very dangerous. My emotions created a Typhon that was larger and bigger than any Jinn had ever transformed into before me. I knew someday people would look back to this particular Typhon and call it the mother of all monsters. My human upper half reached as high as the stars, and my hands reached east and west. Instead of my human head, I sported a hundred dragon heads from my neck and shoulders. My bottom half consisted of gigantic viper coils that could reach the top of my head when stretched out and constantly made hissing noises. My whole body was covered in wings, and fire flashed from my eyes, striking fear into everyone on Earth.
Wait! I have an idea!
I heard the Troll Baldor's words and swung one of my massive heads towards him. I watched Baldor swallow hard several times; his Adam's apple bobbing up and down. Baldor's eyes darted to Dinlas before shifting quickly again towards a red female Jinn. I could see he was almost pleading with the female Jinn with his eyes. I squinted and recognized the red Jinn was Attis a member of my new cast. Attis like myself also has a hearts desired to an Unseelie. If memory served me correctly Attis even birthed a half Goblin half Jinn son that is said to be very strong and powerful but has yet to join my cast.
I used telepathically to touch Attis' mind and ask her why Baldor felt she had a possible solution. To my surprise instead of Attis answering me as I expected her head dropped in submission to the ground and she took several steps backwards. Then a very deep dark green colored and a little overweight Goblin stepped in front of her. Based on his protective stance I would assume he was her hearts desire. The Goblin was doing his best to assure me he was no threat, he even kept his hands raised in the air, palms out in a sign of peace before he cleared his throat and said
Baroness, I am Triton. I am Attis' hearts desire and the father of Loki the changeling Goblin and Jinn warrior. I beg you to transform back to your Jinn form and allow us to have a private conversation. My family may indeed have a solution to your hearts desires possession issue. However, the subject matter is very confidential and there are far too many ears in the walls...
Triton allowed his voice and words to trail off into silence as I looked towards Baldor for confirmation. Over the past several weeks I'd become comfortable with most of the occupants that lived within the walls of Earth. Most were good honest people who truly sought peace and serenity. While I didn't think they were attempting to trick me I needed to make sure Jace's body would be kept safe so instead of just agreeing I remained in the body of a Typhon, my voice deep and very gravely causing most of the people in the area to flinch in pain.
Dinlas, Ceres is there a way to move Jace's body but keep it immobilized?
Ceres stepped forward immediately and said. 
It will take most of my strength that I have left but if there is any chance we can save Jace...
I didn't wait for Ceres to finish instead I transformed back to my Jinn form, then said in a tone less painful for most of the people around me
Let's go to my quarters. The walls there are impenetrable like my skin veneer.
Then I motioned towards Ceres with my head and waited until he lifted Jace into his arms and began moving towards my quarters before I started moving too. I found the moment my feet headed in the direction of my quarters I was overwhelmed with emotions. It seemed almost from the moment I met Jace the fates have been trying to take him away from me. Once the fates even tried to force me to help them. Since then, it seems all I do is fight the fates for my hearts desire.
Things have rolled downhill far more rapidly than I'd ever thought they could. I was an arrogant ignorant fool. It had been beyond stupid to ever allow Jace to leave Earth on his own in the first place. I thought it would bring us closer together. I thought he would choose to come back to me. Jace and I share the same soul. I never for a moment thought he would stay away voluntarily.
My pride however has proven to be the one thing that has done more damage than anything else. It was my pride that refused to compromise. It was my pride that allowed Jace to walk out of Earth without me at his side. My pride said he would learn his lesson and run back to me for protection. Besides, I thought I'd controlled everything in his path to keep him safe. I had spies of every race in constant contact with me. Still, it seemed everything that could go wrong did the moment Jace found his father Ceres. 
It started when the Slaugh camp turned on him. Then with his father in tow he managed to stumble into a nest of Kelpie and nearly got himself and his dad killed because hed taken off his skin veneer. In truth, that incident hadn't been anything more than a nuisance. Initially I was afraid the Kelpie would injure Jace, but once I realized they were too afraid of me to do anything to my hearts desire, my pride kicked in again. I wanted Jace to see me as his savior. I wanted him to need me and beg me to care for him. So instead of compromising yet again, I made him feel inadequate and yelled at him mean nasty comments. Questioning he ability to think clearly. I could still hear my vicious words ringing in ears
'Damn it Jace! What are you thinking? Do you have a death wish? Even you must know the Kelpie tentacles are venomous and deadly. Do you hate me so much you would rather die that allow me or my skin veneer to protect you?'
Then my pride helped me to make a bunch of bad and lousy assumptions based on my own jealousy and shortcomings. That just managed to piss Jace off even more. Then Ceres said something that should have changed everything for me if only my pride would have taken the time to listen. He said Jace and I were married hearts desires. As such I had access to every feeling, thought and emotion Jace was having or had ever had. I heard Jace's response and knew that my pride and ignorance had caused him more pain than anything else in life. 
She could if he wanted to. I guess shes just not ready to accept the part of her that is now Slaugh.'
With Jace's words ringing in my ears over and over again I can remember quickly moving away from the gate and seeking out medic Dinlas so she could explain how the link worked. How could I access his thoughts, feelings, and past? I never wanted Jace to hurt because of my pride or ignorance again.
It only took medic Dinlas a short period of time to explain to me how to tap into my connection with Jace. Then to my surprise she helped me to give it a try. Medic Dinlas even helped by using what little of her empath skills she had left to help guide me. I focused and was more than a little shocked when I suddenly heard Jace's voice say
"I don't fear my hearts desire Ceres. I fear that we may never come to terms with each other. I fear that she will always see me as Slaugh and never as Jace her hearts desire and equal partner. I fear that our differences in traditions and customs not to mention the war will keep us from ever finding happiness. And most of all I fear the child in her womb will never call me father."
I heard the word father at the same moment I saw Ceres's eyes grow three sizes in surprise, his face full of pride and wonder. My own emotions went into overdrive too. I stopped accessing his past and instead focused on the insight it gave me. Was Jace right? Was I really with child? I looked at Dinlas and said questioningly
Dinlas, can you tell if I am with child?
Dinlas nodded then said softly
Aye Hestia you are. Very early but I can smell the babe within you.
I nodded my mind full of joy and surprise and focused myself into tapping in again to Jace's emotions. This time I didnt want to look at the past, I wanted to know what he was doing and experiencing right now. Suddenly, it was as if I was inside of him living he experience. I watched and listened in awe to Ceres explained he was Jaces father and also the brother of the former Queen Olympia of the Unseelie court. That my own Jace was royalty and had been born to be King. 
Then I watched in horror as Ceres's face and body faded into nothingness and Queen Hekuba was suddenly standing in the doorway. I knew it was her before I even really took in her appearance. I'd been born in the house of Hekuba. My family served hers for thousands of years. It was my own father that killed her mother Aether with the same dagger I tried to kill Jace with.
I heard Hekuba chuckle in her typical nasty way. Then Hekuba smiled wickedly at both me and Jace before licking her blood red lips. She made a shushing sound as she placed her middle finger on his lips and looked at me. I tried to move forward but found I was frozen in place. I watched unable to move a muscle or even scream as Hekuba moved forward and stepped inside of Jace's body. 
With Jace and my connection suddenly broken I basically snapped back to my own consciousness. Medic Dinlas knew something was very wrong before I even opened my mouth and explained what I thought I experienced and saw. Everything moved so fast from there. Dinlas eyes grew three sizes as she bolted from my quarters calling for every council member to help. We burst into the quarters that Ceres created and found Ceres unconscious body on the floor and Jace sucking the power from his body. 
Immediately all the council members that had magic including Dinlas threw spell after spell at Hekuba. Nothing however seemed to work. Hekuba was winning. The council members were tiring and would likely would soon perish. Then Ceres came to and quickly cast a spell that seemed to freeze Jace's body and Hekuba's with it. He looked suddenly tired and old when he turned towards me and the council members and said
Holy shit! Hekuba has grown stronger these past few years. We need to find a way to cast her out of Jace's body. The longer she stays inside of his body the more likely Jace will be lost forever. Two souls can't exist within a single body for very long. The spell I cast should hold her immobile for a few hours only.
I was pulled out of my musing when I heard a coughing noise. It seems we finally arrived at my quarters. I threw open my door and motioned for Ceres, Attis and Triton to enter. Ceres gently laid Jace's body down on the sofa. I was surprised when Triton said 
I am sorry Baroness but my words are definitely not for Hekuba's ears. Would it be acceptable to you if Attis cast a spell that would keep her from hearing our words?
I could feel my own anxiety at the delays mounting but I managed to keep my face devoid of emotions as I nodded at him. I listened as Attis said a quick spell then Triton turned towards me and said
Please tell me you've already heard about my son's hearts desire Kylie Stavrou?
Chapter 37 POINT OF VIEW Hestias
Oh um well Like I said shes not from our time. Shes from the future. She knows how to do things we dont.
Triton coughed into his hand before he continued talking his eyes glued to Attis hearts desires face which was turning a bright red shade with each word that burst forth from Triton mouth.
Anyhow, um yeah so Kylie is different than our people. I mean well shes like us but shes not
Shes a changeling like no other. She has the ability to make herself look like well just about everything Seelie and Unseelie. I know it shouldnt be possible but Well, like I said, Loki used magic to bring him back from the future. So I guess in the future well
I guess its possible since this Kylie is all and none. I mean, none of really understand what she is. She has pale white skin veneer, unheard of for a true Jinn yet you will see its true, ears of the Goblins, she has the strength and pink hair of a Troll, fangs and wings of the Slaugh and Sidhe, magic as strong as a Pixies and the ability to swim like the Kelpie and they eyes of a human. She also is and does things that are unlike all of us. She ghosts but we can see her if she wants us too. She calls herself a Ghoul. In that form she can absorb and eat the souls of others. We can trust her though. Shes been living with Loki in Ghenna and saving children that are being possessed by Slaugh. Anyhow
Shes Lokis hearts desire. Well I mean thats what Loki is calling her but shes not really his hearts desire. Loki and this Kylies soul are just confused because of the magic that brought her back in time. Well, what I am trying to say is that she has abilities that we just dont have. I think if anyone can push out Hekuba from Jaces body it would be Kylie Stavrou. I mean that is
Triton took a deep breath and I knew he wasnt finished talking but I was damn sure finished listening. Honestly half of what Triton said was impossible. He just continued to rant, and babble in circles but if the woman had the ability to save Jace I could care less what she is or where she came from. My patience were worn thin and the words burst out of me louder and with more force than I intended
Triton, stop! You are not making any sense. I dont care what she is or isnt. If she can save Jace then I welcome her help. What do we need to do to get her to Earth and how long will it take?
I looked over to Attis hoping that she would respond in a manner that required less of Tritons rambling but was surprised when instead she wrung her hands together nervously and looked at Triton to answer. I sighed deeply and turned my attention back to Triton. I raised my eyebrows expectantly just as he took a deep breath and hastily said
Well, thats the hard part. I guess you are aware but um well Loki hasnt sworn allegiance to you yet. He um well...Well, he was afraid of your reaction to his hearts desire. So um... 
Well since hes not a member of the cast Attis cant mind speak to him anymore. We could go looking for them. I could cast a spell and probably find them pretty fast. Attis can fly us there and we can probably be back in a few days at most. Heck, he might even show up here on his own in the next day or two. He generally comes back at least once a week to bring refugees that want to live in Earth. Hes due any day now.
I looked over at Ceres and Baldor for confirmation of my suspicions. I didnt think we had a few days, hell I wasnt even sure we had a few hours. I saw Ceres sad eyes and watched as he shook his head back and forth. I felt my soul shudder in pain with the knowledge that my worries were right. If this Kylie was going to save Jace than it needed to be in the next few hours not the next few days. We needed a better faster way to find her and Loki. I cleared my throat and said in a voice that must have allayed my fears since it quivered with every syllable I spoke
There has to be a way to find them faster. We dont have days. Call the other council members. I know you hoped to keep this Kylie a secret but I need the councils help.
To my surprise I watched the red in Attis face turn three shades darker. Then a tear slipped from her eyes before she all but cried out
They know about her. They are the ones that banished her Ghenna. My husband and I were sworn to secrecy. Triton and I will have to leave Earth if they find out we told you about her. The council said shes an abomination and should be kept away from Earth. Please Triton and I are getting old; we cant survive without the safety of Earth. There must be another way without involving them.
Baldor whod been keeping quiet in the back of the room finally said in a voice that sounded almost contrite. 
I take full responsibility. It was me that pushed the council into banning her in the first place. She frightened me and the other council members. The council will understand and will make an exception. I know for a fact that Theia is capable of doing a locator spell. Triton and Attis go and get Theia. I will take care of the other council members.
Then he looked over at Jaces immobilized body before turning his eyes to mine and saying
Hestia, I am so sorry that this has happened to you and your hearts desire. You have my word of honor that I will do everything in my power to help you and Jace. Please try to stay calm while we procure everything that Theia will need for he spell. I will be back in just a few moments and we will find Kylie.
I felt my shoulders slump and tears began to rapidly slide down my cheeks as I watched the three of them step out of my quarters and into the hallway. I took two steps towards Jaces body and forced myself to stop mid stride. I wasnt sure if I physically touched Jace if that would somehow damage or negate Ceress immobility spell. I felt my hands and arms drop limply to my sides in despair as I was overcome by a sense of hopelessness. 
I have done nothing but ruin mine and Jaces chances at happiness. I deserved to suffer for my actions but Jace had done nothing but try to love me completely and without reservations. I was a failure and would likely lose my hearts desire the father of my unborn child because of my stupidity and pride. I felt my soul vibrate in agony at the same moment as Ceress long Slaugh arms pull me into a gentle embrace. I could feel his hand gently and methodically tapping my back while he squeezed me tight to him and said in a voice choked with tears
I am more to blame than you. Jaces mother knew my family would do something like this. I promised to keep my son safe and I failed. When I realized you were with child I wanted to finally tell him the truth. The prophesy whispered in my ear that it was time and even more importantly, I wanted my grandchild to love me the way my son was never allowed to do. I am a stupid old fool.
I felt Ceress tears splash on my shoulders as the two of us shared our anxiety and trepidation over our Jaces fate. Both of us feeling responsible and both of us knowing that if he died he would take with him the best part of us. Im not sure how much time passed as we hugged and cried and waited together as family to learn the true fate of our beloved Jace. 
Chapter 38 POINT OF VIEW Hestias
I could hear the voices in the hallway just outside of my quarters getting louder and more insistent. It was going to be just a matter of time before they stormed my door and attacked Jace and I. Ceres and I did what we could to be prepared for just this scenario, before he left to help collect Kylie and Loki. I took a deep breath and carefully listened to voices coming from all directions. 
She cant stay here. Screeched what I thought was a human female
Shes too dangerous! bellowed a male voice most likely a Sidhe based on the tenor of the voice
We have to do something before we lose Earth and our safe haven. Sung a female Pixie
What about the Jinn? questioned the male Troll
Well have to stop them both growled a Jinn male
Yes! We must attack! Now! hissed a male Pixie voice. Followed by the crowds cheer of agreement 
I felt my body go into panic mode. It was do or die and I immediately shifted back to the Typhon form Id taken earlier in the day. My house and all the building around me as my body grew to the full size of the magnificent Typhon. The crowd was right to worry about me. In fact, they didn't sound nearly worried enough. I would do whatever it took to protect Jace. I will kill each and every one of them if it came down to it. My Typhon would be unbeatable and the battle would not be over until there were no left to harm Jace.
I puffed a small cloud of smoke out of one of the dragon noses as I looked to my right and checked to make sure the fake Jace figure was still holding up. Then I swiveled left and looked over at the space Jaces real frozen body was. All I saw was and empty space. I mentally smiled and said a prayer thankfulness that Ceress invisibly and spell of deception were both still in place. I didnt want anyone to find and harm him while I was distracted by the attacking crowd.
I took a deep breath and allowed the fire in my belly to grow to a crescendo. Then I locked my eyes on the crowd before me. I knew it was just a matter of time before someone made the first move. Seconds clicked by giving me the sensation of hours. It was as if time stood still while I waited. Then while I waited with baited breath for a full out assault to start, instead I saw a few people making their way through the crowd towards me.
Hestia! Its us. We have them. Transform back and before the senseless horde realizes theyve been duped.
I rapidly transformed back to my human form and rematerialized the house around myself and Jace. I yanked the door open completely mindless of my nakedness. The moment the door opened a group of more than twenty people piled into my living quarter. I had expected only to see Ceres with Kylie and Loki. I had even thought that perhaps Baldor, Triton and Attis would be with them. What I hadnt been expecting was all of them, plus the entire Earth council excluding the human members. 
I looked around the room trying desperately to determine which one was Kylie. Then I bellowed out a frustrated grunt as I realized Kylie was not among the people since I knew every single face in the room. I turned towards Ceres disappointment and confusion clearly on my face. Ceress face was immediately transformed by a huge smile. Then he put his index finger in the air indicating he wanted me to wait a moment while he said a quick incantation. Then, right before my very eyes the crowd of Earth people disappeared and was replaced by a single female.
The female appeared to be very young, but for some reason my sixth sense told me that shed lived far more years than I had. She stood nearly six feet tall and had the brightest pink hair and the most beautiful blue human eyes ever seen. She turned and captured my eyes with hers and in that moment I knew my sixth sense was right. Despite her very young appearance this Kylie was not young at all. Her experience and wisdom twinkled in her eyes and even lit her smile. Her hand shot out and grasped my and she started to oddly pump it up and down while she captured my eyes with hers. Then she opened her mouth and said in an almost sing song voice. 
Hestia of the Jinns of Earth. Thank you for welcoming into your home. I am honored and will do all that I can to save your hearts desire. If however I am successful I want your word of honor that you will accept Loki my chosen hearts desire into your cast and that any children of our union including adopted children regardless of species will also be automatically members of your cast. As such members they will be allowed to live within Earth and have your full protection and the protection of all the Jinns of Earth. Do we have an agreement?
I forced my head to bob up and down in agreement. She smiled in acknowledgement and I noticed a twinkle in her eye as if shed just won a great prize. Im not sure why since I would have accepted Loki, Kylie and their children in my cast even without her trying to save Jace. 
Loki is an honorable Jinn and as such his allegiance to me would have secured them all a place in my cast. Kylie is his hearts desire true or chosen, either way that made her family. Of course their children would have always been welcome regardless of their race. I smiled and Kylie gave me a broad smile back. Then without saying another word Kylie turned towards the space that Jaces hidden body occupied. Then to my surprise she roared in a voice filled with even more power than I would have thought possible
Maliwanag sa forma 
I watched in shocked silence as not only Jace became visible but as Hekuba herself became visible and appeared virtually like solid corporeal being standing within Jaces body. Then I watched as Kylie shoved her complete arm firmly inside of Jaces chest and grasped hold of Hekubas still beating heart and in one fluid movement pulled it from her chest. 
In that moment I was frozen in shock as I grasped just how unique Kylie Stavrou really was. For a millisecond in time I saw her physically change not once but three times. Kylie was all of the things Triton said she was and yet none of them. In the blink of an eye I saw Kylie transform to Goblin, then a Sidhe then a huge Troll before appearing completely translucent in what I imagined was the Sidhe and Slaugh ghosting form. Then I saw her appear to try and absorb what was left of Hekubas soul. It was so fast that I wondered if I imaged the entire thing.
I looked towards Ceres and knew he too saw what I saw. Clearly Kylie was different than anything Ceres or Id seen before. Perhaps Triton was telling the truth when he claimed Loki used magic to bring her here from the future. It was either that or some kind of really powerful magic that no one in Earth was prepared to understand. 
I thought briefly about the promise Kylie secured from me. No wonder why she felt it was a coup. Clearly she expected a negative reaction once I knew just how different she was. Kylie however neednt have worried. In truth regardless of what species or what magic was used to create Kylie Stavrou as of today she was family. If Kylie was successful and saved Jace, I would have owed her a debt that could never be repaid. Even if however, she was unsuccessful, her attempt would still have solidified he position in my cast. 
I was forced out of my stupefied stance as four significant events happened nearly simultaneously. The first was that Jaces still frozen body began a slow motion descent of dropping limply to the floor. The second was Hekubas now shimmering soul twinkled with energy then began to dissipate in a cloud of smoke. 
The next came from behind me as the door to my quarters burst inward and a very red skinned Jinn named Loki barreled through my door into Ceres. The final event while not seen by any of us in my quarters was just as momentous. The unruly mob that had been wondering aimlessly around Earth for the past half hour realized theyd been duped by Ceress magic. Now hell bent on destruction they like Loki where making a beeline for my quarters. 
Chapter 39 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
 Okay, perhaps you should say it one more time slower.
I stared directly into the strange females bright blue human eyes trying to determine is she was real. Then I batted my eyelashes twice and lifted my eyebrows while waiting for her response.
Finally she sighed and said in a sing song voice
Well, it was just different. I think it was more metaphysical than it was real. See, when I perform the spell on the soul of a Sidhe or Slaugh that is possessing a child I know it was real because their heart burst in my hand and I am able to absorb their soul fueling my own. With you there was nothing afterward. Somehow Hekuba was possessing you but her soul wasnt really here. When I squeezed her heart it was as if she just retreated not died. There was no energy for me to absorb and no trace of a real soul anywhere in the vicinity.
I am positive she survived and worse I am pretty sure she knows how to get into Earth. The little protection spell wont stop her. She can counter fake something using the hearts desire aspect. I would bet the farm that she will raise an army and attack Earth within the next few days.
I looked over at Hestia and Ceres and could see both of them believed Kylie lock stock and barrel. The things this woman said were outrageous. I couldnt help but wonder why they seemed so willing to believe her. I shook my head in bewilderment then cleared my throat before saying
Okay, lets just say I believe you. What would you do to prevent Hekuba and an army of Unseelie court from invading Earth and killing everyone inside?
Kylie smiled showing me her full set of teeth. I couldnt stop myself from gasping in shock at the sight of her very sharp fangs. It seems Hestia and Ceres were right. There is much more to Kylie than meets the eye. I smiled back and tilted my head slightly to the side while I awaited her next response.
I would cast a new spell. I would use not only the Unseelie court but also every member of Earth as casters. There is a part for everyone in this spell. Changelings, Jinns, Pixie, Sidhe, Slaugh, Brownie, Kelpie, Goblins, Trolls, Brownies and even Humans. This is their home too and they should have some skin in the game. It would be a spell of blood, sweat and every element on Earth.
It would seal the gate permanently. Only those on the inside at the time the spell is cast will ever be able to come and go as they please. Anyone knew who enters will be forced to remain in Earth forever or die when they leave to return to Ghenna. Now that food grows on Earth I think it is the perfect solution.
I mulled Kylies words over in my mind. She had strange words but I more or less understood everything she said. I thought it was a great idea to use flesh and blood in a spell. It would amuse me to partially skin most of the people of Earth. Most of them owed me a pound of flesh for how they treated me. I didnt know food was growing on this side of the gate now. I made a mental note to ask Hestia how that happened once Kylie, Loki, Ceres and the rest of them left Hestias house. I nodded my head in agreement with Kylies words and said out loud
Well, it sounds as if you have it all figured out. Let me know when youve written the spell and I will gladly help collect the flesh and blood from the people of Earth.
Thinking that I had ended the discussion, I moved towards the door and opened it indicating to all of Hestia guests that it was time for them to leave. I waited a moment but no one moved towards the door. Thats when I noticed everyone was looking at me with a strange expression.
What 
I said more loudly than Id expected to while simultaneously raising my arms in the air. I heard some silent chuckles as Hestia moved towards me and wrapped me in she arms before saying
Jace, we all believe you would be the best person to write the spell. Ceres has convinced us all that you have more magic in your pinky then the rest of us have combined. Also, umm. Well when Kylie said some skin in the game she was talking figuratively. We wont actually be skinning the members of Earth for the spell.
The moment Hestia finished I again heard snickers and chuckling about the room. I know they were laughing because I thought Kylie meant real skin. For a moment I was filled with embarrassment. Then I realized that getting our pound of flesh was a cultural right to the Slaugh. How dare they laugh at a custom that is hundreds of thousands of years old? Once again non Unseelie court think to change us to suit their needs and customs. Well boohoo to them. Laugh all they want. Since they are asking me to write the spell if I wanted flesh...flesh I would get. I was tired of being the only one willing to change. Perhaps it was time I started sticking to my own guns. Maybe it was the others that needed to adjust their beliefs. I straightened my shoulders and pushed myself away from Hestia chest and said
As a member of the Royal family and the rightful heir to the Unseelie court crown it would be my honor to write the spell that saves Earth. For that however I will want my pound of flesh from every member of Earth. Literally not figuratively. If and when the people of Earth agree, let me know.
Then I walked back over to Hestia door and opened it again. This time I wore an expression on my face that said Nonnegotiable. The guests including Ceres and Kylie clearly understood I was done talking since I watched them gather their belongings and step out into the hall.
I waited until only Hestia and I was left before I slammed the door and turned to look her in the eyes. I had expected to see that disappointing look she reserved for me. The one that says why must you be so Slaugh. I know Hestia resents being the hearts desired to a Slaugh. She hates everything about my culture. I am sure she thinks my request for a pound of flesh is barbaric and unnecessary. I squared my shoulder and prepared myself for her emotional assault.
Chapter 40 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
I looked over at the council members until my eyes landed on Gwenn. Gwenn is a Sidhe and a member of the council. Her magic while not as powerful as my own would be a crucial part of the ceremony. The moment our eyes connected she bowed her head indicating to me that she was ready to perform her potion. I nodded my approval at her and returned my attention to the other preparations. I was pretty sure the cafeteria would provide enough space to perform the cleansing and anchoring ritual. Honestly we only needed enough for the council which would represent all the members of Earth. I stretched out my arms and moved my thumb around in a big circle. It seemed large enough for us to stand and move around. This would do. I nodded again and said out loud
This works. Lets set the altar in the center.
Closing and permanently sealing the gate between Earth and Ghenna was not going to be a simple task. We needed a spell that not only kept uninvited detrimental people out but also allowed invited desirable people in. For that to work it would require layers of magic. No simple incantation spell was going to do all of that. For that reason, I wrote the spell to include not only an incantation but also a sacrifice. Turns out flesh and blood really were a requirement to make this work. In addition I needed an alter that would be in the center of our circle to lay the sacrificial flesh and blood. 
I watched as Hestia moved forward with the beautifully handcrafted wooden alter. It had been cut down from an ancient Dracaena draco tree or Dragon tree as we often call it. The base of the tree is hollow and a wonderful resin comes from the bark the makes the tree perfect for use as an altar. I ran my fingers across the surface and was amazed out how silky it felt. I found myself looked up at Hestia in bewilderment. She smiled and said
Part of the reason the tree has been nicknamed a Dragon tree is that when we Jinn shift into a dragon and use the breathe of our fire on the surface of the tree the resin in the tree melts like molten magma but the bark doesnt catch on fire. Then when the resin cools and resettles on the wood it creates a covering like glaze. The end result is the surface is as tough and as shiny as diamond and feels like silk, not much different than Jinn skin veneer.
I smiled at Hestia and ran my hand across the smooth glossy finish again. Despite Hestia explanation I was still astounded out how glossy and sparkly the wood looked. It damn near shimmered. I couldnt help but think about what a shame it was that we would be ruining it during the ritual. I must have said something out loud because Hestia looked at me curiously with her head tilted slightly to the side
Why would you think we would destroy it during the ritual? Is there something you havent told me yet?
I shook my head at her in denial while silently mouthing the word No. I know my voice would be filled with emotion so I forced myself to remain silent. Hestia knew everything there was to know. I held back nothing this morning when I painstakingly explained the ceremony it to her and the rest of the council. Even now I expected to see repulsion in her eyes. But just as had been the case this morning when I got to the part about the sacrifice, her eyes showed nothing but pride as she gazed back at me.
Seeing pride in Hestia eyes filled me with a kind of excitement and glory. From the beginning more than anything I wanted Hestia to accept me as the man and Slaugh that I am. While this changed nothing in the long run it did open both of us up to new possibilities. If Hestia could accept a sacrifice for a magical ritual then perhaps she could accept more of my culture than I ever imagined possible. Im not sure why Hestia accepted my need and desire for the flesh but I knew she did. Hell, I almost dared Hestia or any on the council to mock or shame me for it but not one of them even seemed to be appalled. 
I looked around the room to make sure everything we need for your ritual was within the circle. Theres nothing more distracting than realizing youve forgotten supplies and having to break the circle to have someone go fetch them. Though in truth I was strong enough to visualize cutting out a door then sealing it up again when the gatherer returned. Still it would be better to be prepared then to have to spare energy on opening and closing the circle.
With the altar now in place, I lifted my arms in the air to draw the attention to all contributors. It was time to begin cleansing the ritual area. First, we all cleaned it physically by tidying up and sweeping, we used the regular broom, not a ritual one. Once I was satisfied the room was physically cleaned I indicated that it was time for us to cleanse it spiritually of negative energy. This would be completed by the five strongest magical members of the council representing all of our affinities. Only Hestia would be replaced by Castor because she was pregnant. Myself for Slaugh and wind, Castor for the Jinn and sky, Gwenn for Sidhe and fire, Priam for Pixies and water and Dinlas for Brownies and soil and stone.
The first step in purifying is more symbolic than literal. The processes requires us to lightly brush the floor with our besom (ritual broom). When we have completed that we picked up our incense and fanned the smoke and scent around the area. Once that portion was finished we all turned towards the Sidhe signifying it was time for them to begin playing their musical instrument. I smiled at the sound of the chimes and bells, but quickly refocused myself. I picked up the bowl of sea salt that the Kelpie collected and offered handfuls to Gwenn, Priam, Cast and, Dinlas. Then we walked around the circle and smudged and sprinkling salt water on surfaces and participants. All the while we were sure to visualize the negative energy dispersing. Finally, the space was cleansed and we were ready to begin, casting our circle. 
The five of us began to trace out a circle with our athame while visualizing protective energy coming from within. I allowed the energy to build within me then I casted it towards my casting arm. I knew the other council members would be able to see a beam of energy coming from our fingertips and settling on the ground. Then we began to call the five elements. Each of us called to the one closest to our affinity.
Sky said Castor in a steadfast tone
Stone & soil uttered medic Dinlas
Fire croaked Gwenn her voice already hinting to the fire she was building within herself.
Water chimed the tiny Pixie Priam
It swallowed hard and forced myself to croak out
Wind
With our circle forged it was time to being the incantation. I opened my arms wide and with my palms facing all the council I indicated it was time. I had explained to all of them that each species would take turns sacrificing. They would say the words then offer their sacrifice to one of us. Priam would gather their tears in his sacrificial bowl. Caster would collect their blood in his bowl, and Dinlas would take their flesh for her bowl. The humans were first. The stepped forward in in unison faced Priam and said
"Mag-utos ko Upang ito, ang dugo, at luha, oh gusto ko na, tanging ang mga senyales ng buhay. Gawin ngayon, ang aking buhay ay mas mahusay, mas mahusay ang iyong buhay, magpakailanman at kailanman."
Which basically meant that they offered to bind Earth in place with their own blood, flesh, and tears so that they could love a life forever and ever. Priam then started chanting
"Upang kung saan siya ay tumakas, ay kong gawin ang magic sa tamis. Nangangako ako upang protektahan ang kanyang mula sa kaginhawaan oh. Kung saan siya ay tumakas, hindi patas na isa, ako lamang nailagay na ang ito ngayon ito ay. "
The chant not only gathered their tears from their eyes are placed them into his bowl it also began the fortification process since it basically meant To be protected from harm, this magic I do. I bind the gate closed from evil but open to truth. To be protected from harm, I hereby now accept this sacrifice.
The humans then turned to Castor and said the incantation again
"Mag-utos ko Upang ito, ang dugo, at luha, oh gusto ko na, tanging ang mga senyales ng buhay. Gawin ngayon, ang aking buhay ay mas mahusay, mas mahusay ang iyong buhay, magpakailanman at kailanman."
Castor moved forward and made a small sacrificial slice on each of wrist before chanting the same words as Priam.
"Upang kung saan siya ay tumakas, ay kong gawin ang magic sa tamis. Nangangako ako upang protektahan ang kanyang mula sa kaginhawaan oh. Kung saan siya ay tumakas, hindi patas na isa, ako lamang nailagay na ang ito ngayon ito ay. "
This time the humans blood moved through the air and pooled in Castors bowl. It felt myself grown tense as the humans turned to Dinlas and me and said the incantation for the third and final time.
"Mag-utos ko Upang ito, ang dugo, at luha, oh gusto ko na, tanging ang mga senyales ng buhay. Gawin ngayon, ang aking buhay ay mas mahusay, mas mahusay ang iyong buhay, magpakailanman at kailanman."
The moment the four of them stopped speaking they knelt down at my feet and offered me their forearms. I forced myself to keep focused and moved forward without looking in Hestia direction. Then I bite down and took their flesh into my mouth and spit it out into Dinlas bowl while she chanted the incantation
"Upang kung saan siya ay tumakas, ay kong gawin ang magic sa tamis. Nangangako ako upang protektahan ang kanyang mula sa kaginhawaan oh. Kung saan siya ay tumakas, hindi patas na isa, ako lamang nailagay na ang ito ngayon ito ay. "
When I finished taking the flesh from the four humans, I used my athame and took a huge swath of skin from my own forearm that I deposited in her ritual bowl as well. We repeated this same process with all the races that lived within earth. The Pixies, Sidhe, Jinn, Trolls, Brownies, Goblins, Slaugh and Kelpie. When we finished Caster, Priam and Dinlas placed their overflowing bowls on the ground in front of me and Gwenn. Gwenns part was to combine the sacrifices using her magic, then together we would cast our magic and the sacrifices at the gate. Gwenn and I began chanting the incantation in unison
Mag-utos ko Upang ito, ang dugo, at luha, oh gusto ko na, tanging ang mga senyales ng buhay. Gawin ngayon, ang aking buhay ay mas mahusay, mas mahusay ang iyong buhay, magpakailanman at kailanman."
Then all five of us together raised our arms and said the incantation three times then we placed the now empty bowls on the ground and stomped on them with our right foot nine times. Then Gwenn collected them together and set them on fire on the altar.
Chapter 41 POINT OF VIEW Hestias 
I couldn't stop myself from smiling stupidly and shaking my head in Jace's direction as I watched the beautiful alter go up in flames. No wonder why he was melancholy about destroying it before the spell started. I guess that's what I get for only half listening. I'd sort of recalled him mentioning that Gwenn would need to use fire magic to bind the magic together, but for some reason I just didn't wrap myself around it. I'd been so consumed with the pain that Jace would be exposing himself to that I totally ignored the rest. I winced again just thinking about him hacking chunks of his own flesh off for the sacrifice.
I was the only one that knew the truth how painful and important the sacrifice from Jace truly was. I knew Jace would never share his reasoning. It was because of Jace and his voluntary choice that the people of Earth would have a safe haven from the war that would last forever. I also knew that Jace would never tell another soul the truth of what it cost him. If I hadn't been doing mental exercises with medic Dinlas I would have been oblivious to the truth as well.
The night before last, while Jace was in an almost trance like meditative state planning out the spell, medic Dinlas helped me tap into Jace's unconscious mind and become one with him. I shared every thought, emotion and experience that Jace had. For all intents and purposes we were of one mind. It was during that time that I finally understood why Jace was my hearts desire. Everything that had ever happened between us or with another since I've known Jace became very clear for me. My Jace was an amazing being. He was by far even more honorable than any Jinn including myself that I had ever known. I felt the love and compassion he has for all the people of Earth. Oh it started with wanting to protect me and our child but it grew into protecting everyone.
Jace was born during the height of the war. Before the war Slaugh lived in large colonies. Sharing day to day life and in some ways depending on each other. Slaugh were not naturally bitter and cruel. Once many thousands of years ago all the Seelie court members and Unseelie court lived happily together. Then when the Seelie court members began to outnumber the Unseelie, fear set in and the oppression began. Even then however Slaugh were kind and loving to each other. Then when the war broke the colonies up the Slaugh became even more bitter and angry. Before long it was each Slaugh for themselves.
Jace was born during this time. He was raised with little to no love and was taught that benevolence, love and gentleness were a weakness. A weakness he could not afford to have. No-one, not even his own mother ever showed Jace a single emotion or simple kindness. For that reason Jace clung to the only things he was given by her mother. Battle skills, magic, the ability to appear detached from physical and emotional pain and most importantly the feeling of safety he can pull together through repetition of his actions and his mothers customs.
It is the things that Jace holds most close to his heart that make it hard for others to get close to him. Even I condemned and judged him without ever really giving him a chance. I never considered how different my life had been from his. The atrocities he'd been exposed to as a child. The lack of safety and love that he felt day in and day out. The pure horror he endured watching his mother starve to death over the course of days. Then the heart rending reality that he was naught but a child and forced to care for himself. I never for a moment considered how Jace needed compassion and patience from me. My pure disregard for what little customs he had were beyond cruel and heartless. 
I had only managed to make his life more difficult and painful. My poor Jace has never really had a home of his own or even someone who openly loved him. I was worse than his mother. My behavior has only added to his pain and I knew now that he was full of emotions that he had no idea on how to process them. Even this spell was causing him great emotional and psychological pain. Jace wanted more than anything to provide safety and security for our unborn child and myself. But to cast a spell strong enough to keep someone as powerful as Hekuba out would require a major sacrifice. 
He'd considered taking flesh from every single member of Earth but ultimately decided that it would cause too much physical pain to the children. He would never admit it to another being but Jace hated the idea of hurting a child. All children to Jace were innocent. Even his custom of flesh for grave errors fell to the wayside when it involved a child. For that reason alone he decided that he would need to bear the sacrifice himself. He would have to give not only his royal flesh and blood but he would also have to give his anger and self-justified resentment against all the species. The spell was not only a way to seal the gate. It was an end to the war for everyone on this side. 
The spell was not as simple as it appeared to everyone in the room. The real spell was being said silently under Jaces breath. I knew he kept it to himself because he didn't want anyone to see him as week. The truth is, it was Jace who made the real sacrifice. He gave up his royal blood and the chance to be the true King of the Unseelie court. He could have left Earth and challenged Hekuba to be queen. Instead he gave it up to provide a home for our child, myself and the other people of Earth.
I was filled with pride and love as I shared his mind while he wrestled with the spell. Basically what Jace did was use the broad spell to bind the people together. The hidden spell then declared Jace the King of the Unseelie court in this new dimension and broke all his ties to the real crown. Then Jace created a treaty that ended the war. A treaty that require a blood oath and sacrifice. With each slice of Jace's knife and each offered piece of his flesh he forgave the beast races for their part in the war. Then he would offered his own royal flesh and blood as payment for the Unseelie court's part in the war. Then when Gwenn combined the elements and set them on fire Jace said another silent spell that renounced his role as King of the Unseelie court in Earth and placed his power back to the council.
If I hadn't shared Jace's mind, I might have misunderstood his reasons. I might have thought he'd been devious or self-serving somehow. But I knew the truth. Jace kept it a secret because he felt love for me and our unborn child and compassion for the people of Earth. He would have lied to keep her true sacrifice hidden. He never wanted others to know how much he cared. He never wanted to see shame in his father's eyes for his foolish decision to give up so much for people who should have meant nothing to him. Jace was convinced that he would be the laughing stock of all Unseelie court if they ever found out he relinquished his chance at the crown for an unborn child, a Jinn and the people of Earth. What Jace saw as a weakness however, I knew was a strength and I would make it my life's mission to prove to him that he is more worthy than anyone else. 
  
Chapter 42 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
I watched as Gwenn threw her power forward and the bowls burst into flames. Then just as I expected the rest of the altar started to catch on fire. Gwenn obviously didnt focus her magic on just the bowls. She just cast her power and blasted everything. Based on the flames that now consumed the entire alter clearly I was right. The altar would be destroyed. 
I looked over at Hestia with guilt clearly written on my face as the beautiful alter burned to a crisp. I had expected to see disappointment or even suspicion written on her face but was somewhat shocked when a look of pride shone brightly in her eyes. The moment she noticed I was looking in her direction a huge smile light her entire face. 
Then Hestia shocked me to my core. She paid homage to me by lifting her fist and pounded it into her chest in the region of her heart. That was considered the most outward expression of respect, honor and dignity a Jinn could do. To pay homage for a Jinn is an act reserved for times of great valor or honor. Most of the time it is only ever used when a lower ranking Jinn is showing respect to a higher ranking Jinn. Such as a warrior to a cast leader or all Jinns to a King or Queen. On very rare occasion a Jinn will use it to acknowledge a great act of valor in battle. To my knowledge a Jinn has never shown such respect to a member of the Unseelie court, even a King or Queen.
I found tears springing to my eyes that Hestia would show me such a homage for doing what needed to be done. It wasnt as if she knew the truth about the spell. No one knew and I intended to keep it that way forever. Despite my heart beating ten times too fast and my soul singing in joy at Hestia praise I managed to keep my face cool and serene. I smiled back and repeated her actions by pounding my fist to my chest back towards her. Then to utter confusion every Jinn present in the room dropped to one knee and paid homage to me just as Hestia had done. Then I watched as one by one every other person in the room including Priam, Castor, Gwenn and medic Dinlas dropped to one knee as well and paid homage to me.
Chapter 43 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
 Im sorry Jace. I never thought to tell you.
I looked over at Ceres with my nose crinkled in anger and my cheeks flaming red. Even though I only recently found out Ceres is my father hes still guilty. Ceres raised me equally with my mother as her favorite consort. So as far I was concerned it was as much his fault as it was hers. If I had known the consequences of claiming the crown I would not have done it openly. How could I not know that the moment I claimed the Unseelie court throne my body would begin radiating magic and my skin tone would phase between all of the elements. Dark blue for water, then green for plants, then blood red for fire and finally back to light blue for air.
Everyone in the room but me knew the truth. They saw my royal blood as I phased through the royal colors over and over again. I must have cycled a dozen times until I renounced the throne in yet another spell and gave my royal power back to the people of Earth through their elected council. If I had known anyone could have realized the truth of my spell I would never have done the spell publically. If my mother or Ceres had ever taken the time to tell me about my own people it would never have happened. But no, I had to be the only Slaugh that didnt know and understand the changing of the colors. 
Please Jace. Believe me. It wasnt like your mother or I did this on purpose. We were trying to keep you alive. It never occurred to me that it would be an important fact for you to know.
I put my hand in the air in an effort to stop Ceres for groveling for forgiveness. I was tired and I needed time to think. I felt Hestias energy wrap itself around me and I knew she too wanted time alone with me. Everyone in Earth including Hestia now knows that I am the rightful heir to the Unseelie court throne. They all knew what I tried to sacrifice in the spell today to seal the gate and most of them had questions they wanted me to answer. I could still hear their words ringing in my ears as they realized the possibilities because I am the rightful Unseelie court King.

Why didnt you fight Hekuba for the crown?
Why give up your rights? You could have ended the war
Did the spell work on both sides of the gate? Can you reclaim your power?
Will you take up arms and fight to free all the Seelie court members of the world?
We could be your army. Others would join us if they knew you made peace with both Seelie and Unseelie and represented us all.
The questions went on and on. Questions I didnt have good answers for. The only thing I knew for sure is I was still filled with more power than Id ever imagined possible. I could feel all the elements bursting through me. The rest wellI wasnt sure I wanted to be a leader. Who knew what affect my spell had on the other side of the gate. I had no idea if it could be reversed or even if it needed to be since I was still full of power. I did know that I wanted to make a home for my baby and Hestia. I want safety and serenity but to be King... I probably couldnt beat Hekuba even with all this new power. I was pulled from my thoughts when Hestia stepped forward and wrapped her arms around Ceres in an embrace. Then I heard her say in a soft low voice
Ceres go home for the night. Jace and I need time alone. There is much to consider. Dont blame yourself. I shared Jaces mind as he crafted the spell and I too hadnt thought about the effect the changing of colors would have either. Give him time. Come by late tomorrow and we can all talk.
Hearing Hestia words stunned me yet again. More questions without answers. When did Hestia learn to read my soul? Did Hestia hate what she saw there? Did it help or ruin my chances for happiness? I watched as Ceres patted Hestias back then pulled away from her. Ceres looked up at me with something strange in his eyes that I couldn't identify. Then he smiled almost sadly at me before turning to leave without saying another word.  
Chapter 44 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
The moment the door closed behind Ceres, Hestia pulled me gently into her arms for another warm hug. Over the past few hours every time I got too worked up she would pull me into her chest and hug me tightly until I was completely relaxed. I know that things between Hestia and I are still troubled yet... 
I just couldn't stop myself from nearly melting in her arms. Her arms wrapped around my body just felt so right and so comfortable. Then, for just a few minutes while I was surrounded by the warmth of her arms and body, the rest of my cares just seemed to all disappear, that is until she would let go. Then the world, Earth and all its problems felt like they landed on my shoulders again. I felt Hestia gently starting to end our hug again and I couldn't stop myself for letting out a small sound of disappointment. Then to my surprise I heard her say
Dont worry about all of this right now Jace. This can all wait for tomorrow or even the day after that. You have no responsibility to the people of Earth or the Unseelie court. Let it all go for now.
Then she squeezed me really tight to her again before saying in a voice full of emotion
 Stay with me. I mean I dont think its a good idea for you to be alone tonight. Agree to stay here with me just for tonight.
Then her voice slipped lower and I was barely able to hear her say
Please Jace. I need to be with you tonight. Im not ready for the rest of the world to take you away from me.
Then more loudly and with a new emotion laced in every word she added
Those people are whipped into a frenzy. They cant be trusted. Stay with me and I can help to keep you safe.
I could hear the tension in Hestias voice and I know she expected me to make some snarky comment about being Slaugh and being able to keep myself safe. But I was just too tired and scared to fight. Honestly I needed to be with Hestia too. I would have said just that when Hestia suddenly used her left hand to tilt my face towards her. My voice hitched in my throat when I saw her eyes so full of sadness and an emotion that I couldn't quite identify. I forced myself to say with as much bravado as I could muster
 Yes. I want to stay and I want to be with you as man and woman tonight. I need what only you can give me.
Then, before I could even consider what she was going to say or do next, her lips suddenly crashed down on mine. Hestia kissed me with all the emotion that was on her face. Love, pain, desire, fear, passion, need, acceptance and so much more. Her kiss tried to communicate everything all at once. It held more intensity than ever before. It was so intense and full of her desire that it fueled my own desire. I felt my body melt and my soul vibrate with rapture.
Somehow during the amazingly passionate kiss that had my toes literally curling in pleasure Hestia managed to transport us from the living room into the bedroom. I tenderly set her on the bed without ever breaking contact with her lips. Our lips continued to devour each other and my soul was aflame with delight. But I wanted more. Suddenly my hands were caressing and touching Hestia in all her intimate places. Everywhere my fingers touched set our flesh on fire and our soul into rapture. I was sure my skin again cycling the colors of the elements. It was more than wonderful, it was pure bliss. 
To my disappointment and total despair, Hestia's hands momentarily stopped touching me. I found myself moaning in displeasure and I used my body to buck against her in a way that let her know I wasn't ready to stop. Then I realized shed only pulled away from me long enough to tug off her own clothing. I went from being a little in control of myself to totally desperate and out of control. I needed to feel Hestia's bare flesh, so hot and devoid of all skin veneer against mine. 
With that singleness of purpose, I yanked of the last vestiges of my clothes off and I pressed myself tightly against Hestia now totally nude body. The contact of our skin against each other sent my mind, body and soul into overdrive. Suddenly my hands seemed to grow a mind of their own. They roamed with wild abandonment across Hestia's body. 
Her hands too suddenly seemed to touch every part of me at once. I felt my heart rate increase and my breathing became labored. I knew it was time to link our bodies together in love. I pushed my manhood into her and felt my heart and soul thrum with euphoria. Then linked together physically and emotionally, Hestia and I became one again. This time while we writhed together in physical pleasure our souls and hearts united together and silently sung the wedding song. 
Chapter 45 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
"I love you Jace. I always have. I am so sorry that I caused you so much pain with my ignorance and preconceived notions. You deserve better than me."
I couldn't stop myself from reaching out and gently running my fingers against her damp cheek. It seemed every time Hestia tried to speak more tears leaked from her eyes. It didn't matter that I told her it was okay. Still her pain was almost palpable, it hung thick and heavy in the air. I tried everything I could think of to alleviate her pain. Honestly, I was so happy that she finally searched my soul and found me a worthy hearts desire that I was willing to forgive her everything that happened before this place and time.
I'd spent the night in Hestia's arms pleasuring her over and over again. It was as we were trying to tell each other with our bodies how much we loved each other. My body, heart, mind and soul had never experience anything so wonderful. Hestia made me feel more love in one night than I'd felt the rest of my life. It was so much more than the coupling. It was the emotions, desire and the dance of our souls. Finally, I felt complete and whole that it just didn't matter to me that it took her so long. I just wanted her to be happy so that I could enjoy being happy too. Hestia's pain was starting to make me feel uncomfortable and before I could stop myself I said the most natural thing for me.
"If you are really sincere in your apology then offer me your flesh. Your actions caused me undue pain and grief for the better part of a year. I would think giving me your flesh every day for the same amount of time should get you all paid up!"
Then to my surprise Hestia's face light up with the biggest and brightest smile I'd ever seen. Even her eyes seemed to radiate happiness. Before I could question her look she swiftly moved forward and gathered me in her arms. Then in a deep sultry voice she said
"You may have my flesh every day for the rest of your life if you wish. I gladly give you all that is me."
Then she turned her neck to the side and bared it to me. Before I could stop myself, I bent forward and bit her neck. Initially I meant to bite hard and break her skin. Then just as my teeth touched her neck I realized that I didn't need to make it so painful just for traditions' sake. As a young child, my mother would bite me but she would make sure not to break my flesh. When I'd grown older than her bite had grown harder, I questioned her about it. She explained that young children are innocent of their errors. They don't act bad just to hurt people, in most cases they don't really even understand the rules. So in that way we teach them to mind their manners without causing major pain. The bite itself serves to satisfy our tradition. When we grow older, our crimes and the pain we cause others through our behavior is larger because we commit wrong despite knowing better. Therefore the pain we inflict with our bite must too be harder and more painful. The punishment should always fit the crime. 
Hestia's crime while painful was done out of ignorance. She, like a small child just didn't understand the rules. In her own way, she was innocent. So instead of biting down hard I just pushed my teeth into she neck with a little pressure just as my mother had done to me when I was a small child. Then to my amazement I found myself suddenly flooded with contentment. I was so proud that Hestia finally understood my need for the flesh she offered. I knew it was because she finally searched my soul. I was sure she now understood the importance of the tradition to me. My soul tingled with joy and I could feel my pride for my Jinn sky rocket. She honored me by honoring my Slaugh traditions. I couldn't stop myself from taking another gentler little nibble at her neck.
Each nibble not only satisfied Slaugh tradition, it also caused tingles of another satisfaction to run through me. It was erotic and so sensual. Who would have thought the act of nipping and biting at one's hearts desire could cause such pleasure. Before I knew it I was kissing, biting and nipping all over Hestia's neck and upper body. It must have felt just as wonderful and seductive to her since her body was quivering and trembling beneath my mouth. I started to pull away but Hestia used her hand to push my mouth back into her neck. Then I heard her say in a very husky and clearly needy voice
"Had I known how good it would feel when you took my flesh I would have offered it months ago. Please don't stop now. Make sure to take as much of my flesh as you deem appropriate for my crimes against you."
I couldn't stop myself from laughing merrily before answering in my own sultry and needy voice
"Well then, you can expect me to take your flesh for several more hours. Oh and I'm sure I have done some grave crimes against you as well. Perhaps you should claim my debt of flesh against you as well."
Chapter 46 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
Date:  9.06.01 AE
I slapped playfully at Hestia wandering hands before I tried to turn my attention back to Ceres. Ceres had spent the better part of an hour trying to explain to Hestia and me how his plan could work. Hestia knew how I felt about the matter so instead of listening she spent the better part of the same hour manhandling me, she was doing her best to tempt me into leaving Ceres in the living room so the two of us could go upstairs to explore each other again. While I had no intention of risking Ceress life I still wanted to at least show him respect for the plan. I saw Ceres smile at Hestia latest antics then he said
Why dont you two take some time to think about what I said? I know it's a lot to consider. I would be happy to be the proxy. I honestly believe it is our duty and our best option. You two have the baby to consider. Ive hidden long enough. My niece has got to be stopped and you both know that if we can help the people outside of Earth without risking Jace or the baby's health then we should do it.
Hestia and I both looked up at Ceres at the same time and smiled. I know Hestia was getting ready to agree with Ceres again. Hestia felt Ceres was right. She, like so many people in Earth thought we needed to take the war to Hekuba. I disagreed. We were safe here in Earth. I made sure of that. It was better to leave the problems of Ghenna to the people who still lived there. I put my hand on Hestias cheek and was about to talk over her when I felt it. The three of us stood stock still as we were suddenly filled with Hekubas presence in our minds. She laughed at us, then with her voice full of confidence, said
You think either one of you are fit for my crown? You two are pathetic. Uncle Ceres, you must know you could never hope to win against me. I would kill you before you even reached the palace gates. And you, cousin, with your disgusting Jinn and changeling child growing in her belly, you are an atrocity to your people. They would never accept you as the King. I will find a way into your little dimension and I will kill every single one of you.
Then as quickly as Hekubas presence appeared, she disappeared. The three of us were left breathless and disturbed. Clearly, we had to eliminate Hekuba and remove her from power. She had found a way to use our mental connection to each other to infiltrate our minds. That meant it would only be a matter of time before she could use that connection to turn us against each other and ourselves.
I didn't want to say it out loud. Hell, I didn't even want to admit it in my mind. The truth was we had very few options. I didnt like it. No, I hated it, but Ceress plan might be the only thing that could work in our favor. Hekuba would never see it coming. I ran his plan over in my mind again. Poking holes and thinking about the benefits. Basically, Ceres could be my proxy to the crown. He would offer me unfettered access to his mind and body. I could use him to gain the allegiance of the Unseelie court.
As my proxy, Ceres could lead the revolution against Hekuba. He and the other volunteers would have to leave Earth and infiltrate Unseelie court and Seelie court alike. They would tell everyone about my right to the crown. When necessary I could show them through my link with Ceres. Then I would offer them an alliance against Hekuba in my name. I would promise peace and a truce against the Unseelie court that followed Hekuba. Then together, when the moment was right, Ceres, the volunteer warriors from Earth and the alliance members would attack Unseelie court camps.
Before the battle got bloody, I would enter Ceress mind and give the Unseelie court in the camp a choice. Bow down to me, the rightful heir to the Unseelie court crown and accept the alliance or die at the hands of the alliance warriors. Over time, this tactic would gain momentum and many Unseelie court would accept me and the alliance. Then they could fight with us and help to convince more Unseelie court members to give me and not Hekuba their allegiance.
Taking the battle to Hekuba would keep her away from Earth. She would be so busy trying to keep her power on the outside that she wouldnt be trying too hard to get inside of Earth or our minds. I hated that Ceres would be risking she life, but it was less risky than doing nothing and waiting for Hekuba to attack us in our own minds. Hestia and the baby had to be my priority. I took a deep breath and squeezed Hestias hand before saying
Perhaps I was too quick to reject your plan, Ceres. It has real merit. Call together the council and bring with you as many volunteers as you have. Let's discuss this in more detail so that we the people of Earth can come to a consensus on the plan.
Ceres nodded at me before bowing down before me as was the tradition of the Unseelie court. It made me uncomfortable when he did this, but I knew he would wait until I gave him verbal leave. So I moved forward, touched his shoulder gently and said
Ceres... Father... You need not go to this extent. I understand the tradition. Hell, Ive used it for my own benefit for years. But really, I prefer you return to the pain-in-the-ass Ceres I have always loved. This show of honor is not necessary between us. Now please do as I asked and head out. Hestia and I need a few minutes before we join you and the council.
Ceres pulled himself to his feet glanced at Hestia then me again before he turned and quickly rushed out of the door. I looked at Hestia and could see she was experiencing similar emotions to me. Hekubas mind link did a number on all three of us. I bent my head down to Hestia and passionately kissed her. Somehow I knew my mistake before Hestia said a word. My agreement to move forward with Ceress plan didnt keep Hestia safe. It would push her even further into danger. She intended to be one of the volunteers. She would wait until our child was born, then she would want to join the warriors in Ghenna. How could I have missed it?
I begged her with my eyes and body to stay on Earth with me and our child. I forbid myself from saying the words out loud. Instead, I kissed her with my heart and soul. I encouraged her to meld her body with mine and our souls to soar together. I felt wetness on her cheeks as I gently lowered her to the floor and made my body one with hers.
My hands roamed all over her body. I poured my desires and hopes into each touch. I was begging her to stay with me. She too started touching me everywhere. I couldn't help but feel like her every touch was telling me goodbye. Then her lips touched mine again while my body exploded in pleasure. All thoughts of staying or leaving left my mind. I was in a euphoric state. Our bodies, hearts and souls ebbed and flowed together in perfect harmony and sync. 
This was more than just love making. It was more than stay or goodbye. This was Hestia and my love, a forever love. We needed this. We needed to fulfill each other in all ways. Our bodies demanded to be sated while our hearts and souls begged to remain united for all eternity. Thats when I accepted the truth. So many times I bucked against destiny it until it caused me too much pain. This time, I would trust in Hestia and our love. I knew we would forever be together in this world and the next. So while I basked in the afterglow of our lovemaking I gave in and trusted in fate. So when Hestia said the words I prayed she wouldnt, I was already prepared
I love you Jace and nothing in the world means more to me than your happiness and health. I only want what is best for you and that of our unborn child, but you must understand I am honor bound to fight with the people of Earth in your name. After our child is born, I must go and fight as leader of the Earth Jinn.
I fought back the tears that wanted to leak from my eyes without my permission. I sniffled involuntarily before forcing myself to say.
I know Hestia and I understand. But if you are going to do this then you must allow me to break all bonds and oaths that you have outside of Earth. I understand why you have to do this. I accept it and support your decision but
I paused and lightly touched my fingertips to Hestia face. She smiled and captured my lips in hers. Then she said
Of course, Jace. You are welcome to cast any and all spells on me and on my Jinn cast that make you feel better. I trust you with all that I am. I know that whatever you do it will only be for my safety and benefit.
Before she could change her mind I started sputtering out the spell that would break her allegiances and oaths to her former cast and anyone else for that matter. I wanted Hestia to be her own woman beholden to no one including me. I called forth my Grimoire and it materialized in my hand. Hestia has seen me do that many times over the past few months still her eyes reflected a little awe and wonderment. 
I flipped through my Grimoire until I finally found the spell Id written when I first came to Earth. It was a simple spell. It basically used Hestia blood to fortify the Jinn cast that she started here in Earth. I would use the Earth cast bond to break any and all ties for the Jinns of Earth. They would only owe allegiance to Hestia. No longer would they need to fear any old casts. I looked over at Hestia and asked.
Are you ready?
A smile blossomed on her face and she nodded. I didnt wait for further confirmation. Instead, I bit into my own wrist and began to cast a circle in my blood. I looked over at Hestia and she bit her own wrist and began to spread it in the pattern of my circle. The moment the circle was complete and her and my blood blended on the floor I exclaimed at the top of my lungs first in my native tongue Slaughican the official language of the Unseelie court then again in Sidheaine the common language of all Seelie court.
Narito ang ibig sabihin Hestia, masones ng ispiritu cast ng Earth. Lahat ng igalang ang bagong Princess ng Seelie at Unseelie court. Here stands Hestia, Marchioness of the Jinn cast of Earth. All honor the new Princess of Seelie and Unseelie courts.
In seconds two new rings appeared on Hestia arms signifying her new position. It would take her a few more seconds before she realizes she had one more ring than even a Marchioness. I, more or less, made her ruler of all Jinn casts. She was now a Princess of both the Seelie and Unseelie court. As my wife, that was her rightful title and position. If she had been Slaugh like me she would have been queen of the Unseelie. But since she was Seelie, the best I could do was make her Princess of both courts. Then, since I was the only person in the room, I bowed lowed and slammed my fist to my chest in honor of the Princess. Hestia is my heart, soul and eternal love. Now she is also the highest ranking Jinn on both sides of the gate.
Chapter 47 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
Settle down everyone! Please. Everyone cant speak at once.
Despite my stern and demanding tone the conversation and volume in the council chambers increased. My patience was getting thinner by the moment. Each member felt their input was more important that anyone elses. The sad part was, their concern was not for the people on the other side of the gate or even for Earth as a whole. They seemed single minded in their purpose and only concerned how it would affect their own people. With no real regard to anyone else.
Every council member had their own agenda and everyone one of them wanted their voice to be heard and their concerns to be met and answered first. It was becoming a free for all in the room. I again looked around the room and realized that even Hestia had begun to push she weight around. Thats when it hit me.
The reason the war continued for so long is that the Seelie court members never learned to cooperate with each other. I looked over to my Unseelie court brethren and realized they had already known this was going to be our biggest obstacle in the way of peace. No one could look beyond their own selfish needs. The Unseelie and Seelie court only ever took care of their people. 
Troll protected Troll; Sidhe sheltered Sidhe; Pixie defended Pixie; and Jinn shielded Jinn. They never crossed the lines or put their own asses on the line for another race. The Unseelie court, were even worse since they didnt just ignore each other they sometimes actually fought each other. 
I felt my head hang in frustration and disappointment. The plan was doomed to fail. If the people of Earth couldnt even cooperate here in Earth what chance did they have of gaining the collaboration across races in Ghenna? For the Alliance to work it required all races in the Seelie and Unseelie courts inside and outside of Earth to enter into and accept a full partnership. There must be solidarity of purpose between the people and the courts for this to work. I was deep in thought when I felt the rain and heard the rumble of thunder.
The room seemed to grow instantly silent as they became drenched with water. I found myself puzzled as I looked up at the ceiling then back down at the crowd in the room. I glanced towards Oya since I knew she was powerful water Kelpie and likely the only person in the room that could have caused a rain storm indoors. I could see quickly however that she was as puzzled as I was. 
Then I heard another very loud crash of thunder as the room simultaneously flashed with lightning bright enough to cause me momentary blindness. When my vision cleared back up enough I found myself glancing towards Ceres. She had a look of determination on his face as he raised his hands in the air. Lightning crackled and danced in the palm of his hands. Then Ceres roared loudly before the lightning shot from his fingertips and hit the ceiling again. My eyes blanked out as I heard the thunder again reverberate across the room in harmony with the lightning. This time the combination was loud enough to make my ears ring. I hadnt know that Ceress magic was even strong control the elements this way.
Handling lightning and thunder were a rare gift of only the most powerful water Slaugh. I was stunned to my core and even felt somewhat vulnerable. By the time my vision cleared and my ears stopped ringing I shifted my gaze to Hestia. Hestia too had a look of surprise and even appeared somewhat shaken by Ceress display of power.
The rain continued to pelt us while thunder rumbled on. I could see Ceres gathering more electricity in the palm of his hands. Our eyes locked for a moment and I knew Ceres was no longer guiding the magic it was controlling him. I felt my anxiety sky rocket. I glanced around the room and realized everyone was dead still. Something kept everyone including myself frozen in place. I couldnt even move a single muscle. Not my hands, my legs, my head or even my mouth. I remained paralyzed and at the mercy of Ceress raging unchecked magic. 
I was my worst nightmare, my Achilles heel. I felt my chest constricting as my heart rate increased. I felt tears blossom in my eyes and run like a raging river down my cheeks. I knew my breathing was becoming ragged and my mind swam from the lack of oxygen. I had one terrorizing thought.
It is my destiny to die as my mother had. I had been a coward and too weak to take her life swiftly as I should have done it was only fitting that my father would be used by fate to deliver my punishment.
I welcomed death. I saw another flash of lightning and heard thunder crash again. Then I felt a jolt of electricity flow through my body. My muscles contracted and my legs collapsed. I found myself huddled on the floor nearly halfway covered in water. I knew it wouldnt be long before I either drowned or died from electrical overload. 
The storm raged on and was actually building towards a crescendo. I might have involuntarily cried out in pain. I know other members of the council did. I could still hear whimpering and wailing coming from all directions in the room. Then I was suddenly filled with serenity as Hestia soul joined mine. 
With Hestia soul providing me reassurance the fog in my brain slowly started to clear and I gained a certain kind of clarity. It was up to me to stop Ceres. I had not only the same powers and abilities as he did, I had more. If he could summon the storm then I could quite it. Then I recalled that Ceres had no Grimoire in his hands when he cast the spell. That meant he created it with nothing more than his energy and willpower.
I found myself saying a silent prayer to my long gone mother before mentally envisioning my Grimoire. Then I opened it while I pictured writing a spell in my own blood. The spell seemed to flow from me more naturally than any spell Id written before. It was simple and to the point. It seemed to damn near write itself. But I knew it was going to work. I visualized myself holding my hands in front of me as Ceres had done then imagined saying my spell out loud in Unseelie court
Ulan ulan pumunta ang layo, Halika muli ng isa pang araw.
Then again
Ulan ulan pumunta ang layo, Halika muli ng isa pang araw
And again
Ulan ulan pumunta ang layo, Halika muli ng isa pang araw
Suddenly I heard my own voice saying the spell out loud
Ulan ulan pumunta ang layo, Halika muli ng isa pang araw
Then I heard other voices joining mine as we all began to chant loudly
Ulan ulan pumunta ang layo, Halika muli ng isa pang araw
Ulan ulan pumunta ang layo, Halika muli ng isa pang araw
Ulan ulan pumunta ang layo, Halika muli ng isa pang araw
Ulan ulan pumunta ang layo, Halika muli ng isa pang araw
Ulan ulan pumunta ang layo, Halika muli ng isa pang araw.
The thunder and lightning stopped first. Then the rain slowed and dissipated. I heard movement all around me and knew most people were recovering quickly. I pulled myself to my feet while I and the rest of the room including Ceres continued to say the simple spell over and over that basically said
Rain rain go away, Come again another day.
The water in the room began to evaporate and it was clear order was being restored. I looked over towards Ceres and could see the pain disillusionment clearly written in his eyes. His head was dropped and his face was blotchy from the tears that flowed down his cheeks. The room came to a complete silence as the last drop of wetness vanished. I saw all eyes look towards Ceres with anger and suspicion. Im not sure why I did it. I cant even say that I regret it. But in that moment while I was filled with the power of my people I said in a voice filled with far too much bravado and pride
Do not look towards Ceres and try to blame him for this. This was your own fault. All of you came to this room with nothing but your own petty desires. Each with your own pathetic agendas clutched at your chest. Ceres came with his heart full of optimism. He had but one desire. He wanted it for all races Seelie and Unseelie to make a plan and a way to end the war and gain peace inside Earth and Ghenna.
But did you allow him to share it? Did you embrace the possibility that you could finally influence the world at large and end the war? Did you care that he was willing to sacrifice his own life for this cause? You are all nothing but conniving self-centered people. How dare you call yourself visionaries? You people, you members of the council and representatives of your race crushed Ceress enthusiasm for peace. 
So yeah, dont look to blame him. Thank him for his show of power. Ceres has but a small amount of the power Hekuba possesses. Thank him for showing us all how we are utterly incapable of being honest and faithful to each other. We deserve to be banished to our little realm and Ghenna or true home deserves to be destroyed by the war.
Then before even Hestia could say anything I shouted one last spell and Ceres, Hestia and I disappeared from the room as the last word echoed then faded around the room
I totoo form na Hestia ni
I Siris tunay na form
Marinig ang aking panalangin , sa anyo ng katotohanan,
Dumating kami ng bahay
Chapter 48 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
Date:  9.26.01 AE
We have been racking our minds for an alternative plan for hours. Every time I begin to believe we have struck upon a workable plan it falls apart. Im not sure yet if everyone on the council realizes it yet, but the biggest flaw in our plan is that we lack a cohesive strategy across the species. We just cant agree. We seem to lack the fundamental ability to be honest with ourselves and each other. There are just no two unified groups of species.
The Seelie court members agree on one issue only. That is, of course, that none of them wants to be paired with Unseelie court. They all have too much mistrust and anger towards the Unseelie court. I guess they suffered for too many years at our hands, forced into servitude. Beyond that however they disagree on everything from strategy to tactics in the field. I cant say I honestly blame them. Its tough though since the combination of Unseelie court and beast could be the element of surprise we need to usurp Hekuba and end the war. Ive tried to make that point clear on several occasions but if falls on deaf ears.
Every single council member is pushing their own agenda with minimal concern on how their agenda affects the war or even the other races of Earth. Im not even convinced they want to end the war. It seems they really only want a self-contained and sufficient dimension. Most dont even want to volunteer members of their species to leave Earth. 
I could feel my anger boiling as they continued to talk out of both sides of their mouth. They want to help, but they dont trust anyone. They want to volunteer but dont have enough healthy members. Over and over again. Thus far, only the Jinn from the Seelie court have really committed to fighting the war at all despite several races of Unseelie already agreeing and volunteering members including the Slaugh, Goblins and Brownies. Most species have been very clear they are uncomfortable with plans that put their people in danger.
It was becoming abundantly clear that the races that lived within Earth were here because they no longer wanted to participate in the war or the strife that was taking place in the real world. The council members felt their people have already given enough to the war. They had too many people suffering physically, mentally and emotionally. To them there was no reason to return to the real world. Earth had everything they needed and now that we could grow food and sustain livestock there was no reason to concern themselves with what happened on the other side of the gate.
The truth was... The council no longer felt that the war was any concern to the members of Earth. They agreed to offer a safe haven to any who crossed the gate but only if they too sought peace. Otherwise, the war and more importantly Hekuba was no concern of theirs. When Ceres and I tried to explain Hekuba would bring the war to us, they used subterfuge to suggest that the Unseelie court should leave Earth and return to fight Hekuba. After all, it was the Unseelie court that started the war by forcing the Seelie court into slavery, it was only fitting the Unseelie court ended the war. 
I got the feeling they would all be happy if the Unseelie court were driven to extinction in the process. Their selfishness and lack of concern to everyone on the other side of the gate made me furious!!! I had half a mind to let Hekuba into Earth just to remind the thankless cowards what they had been fighting for. Thankfully, Hestia calm presence provided me with a sanctuary that allowed me to remain calm despite the bitterness that seemed to be running rampant in the room. 
Then every so often when things seemed to be really getting way out of line Hestia randomly says something that helps to jog the council members memories of how powerful I am and how Ceres occasionally lacks the ability to control she powers. She does her best to pretend like its just a comment, but she is absolutely doing it on purpose to corral the conversation back to a constructive direction that is less confrontational and more beneficial towards finding a resolution.
This is just another reason why I love her so much. Its amazing how close weve become in the past few weeks. Our souls have truly become one. Its hard to believe that we struggled for so long finding each other. All we really ever had to do we open up our hearts and soul and let each other in. That simple truth took every obstacle we ever had in our way and removed it. The trust and pure faith that Hestia and I now share with each other is however far from the reality and feelings that the other species of Earth have for each other. Hell we are married and yet we struggled for nearly a year before we allowed ourselves to accept our love and gained the confidence to believe unconditionally in each other.
If it took us that long then how could the species that live within Earth find that kind of blind faith in each other? That is really the main issue behind our inability to end the war. Its not fear or cowardliness. Its not the battle tactic and strategy differences. Its not even the fact that every species is driving their own agenda. It is the pure lack of faith the species have in each other. For that reason alone, I can honestly say that while I would have liked to end the war perhaps the best I could hope for was stopping Hekuba. I know now, it is impossible to get the species on the same page. 
We want to help. Honestly the Sidhe are a proud race and we welcome the chance to end the war but
Gwenn the Sidhe leader paused a moment and wrung her hands in front of her before swallowing hard. When she continued her voice had a slight quiver and it was clear she was fighting back emotions.
Those that are here have already given everything they could to the war. There hearts desires, their children, their parents, their limbs and in most cases even their souls.
Gwenn paused again and I saw a tear slip from her eye before she quickly wiped it away with the back of her hand. This time when she continued her voice warbled with emotion.
My people dont know the meaning of surrender. They fought until it became impossible to fight anymore. The ones that made it to Earth have already suffered so much. Most have permanent irreversible injuries that would be a disadvantage on the battlefield. Please dont ask me to ask them. They would all volunteer and it would be a death sentence. You have to understand, it is impossible for any of them to survive.
Gwenns words smacked of truth. The Sidhe that sought shelter in Earth were in far worse physical condition than any other species. Her comment however unwittingly sparked an angst amongst the other council members. Each of them felt they too had suffered and should be exempt for one reason or another. Everyone started speaking at once, but one voice had more conviction and distress than any other.
We are an honorable race just as all of you are. But I am ashamed to have listened to this chatter all day. Technically, the Pixies have no battle ready members left living within Earth. Any that could return to the real world and continue the fight have already done so. They left behind their children and the elderly like me. 
Our nest within Earth is made up of the very young or very old like myself. Our children are very young, most too young to fight. The old like me have little left, but we will fight. I would choose to die in battle seeking freedom rather than safely in a sick bed hidden from the truth. The war is not over and it will find us even here behind the gate. Any who think they are no longer part of the war are fools. Gwenn, since you claim your people are too frail to fight if you swear to protect our young then the Pixie will die in place of your people. It is a death sentence my people would gladly accept.
Priam stopped speaking and took his time looking around the room, beseeching everyone with his eyes to understand his position. I could tell by the look on his face that he was shaming the other races into contributing. I also knew he made his point as I watched everyones eyes drop to their lap in guilt. 
Chapter 49 POINT OF VIEW  Jace
Date:  2.02.02 AE
I reached down to touch Hestias swollen abdomen and couldnt stop the smile that I am sure lit up my face as I felt the baby kick. I watched her closed the small writing tablet she wrote the council notes in and smiled up at her. I held out my hand and helped to pull her to her feet. The moment her feet touched the ground my hand again found its way to her abdomen so I could feel the baby kicking. I was instantly flooded with Hestias excitement and joyful emotions about the baby but also felt her remorse and disappointment at not being chosen as a Peacemaker. 
I knew that she was struggling with the rejection. With each Peacemaker, we chose I felt her anxiety go up. We all knew Hestia wanted to play a much larger role in the movement. Shed hoped desperately in the early days of planning that her not Baldor would be the first sworn in Peacemaker. Then, each time we elected a new Peacemaker Hestia dream seemed to shrink a little more. I hated it but the truth was, most members of the council felt her pregnancy precluded Hestia from being a Peacemaker. 
I felt the baby kick again and placed my hand over Hestia and took a deep steadying breath. Despite Hestia disappointment I was relieved that Hestia would remain at my side here in Earth. Until today however I kept that to myself. I spent much of my energy hiding the truth from her constantly probing soul. I felt that if Hestia knew how desperate I was to keep her at my side and how terrified I was that she might never return to me she would have voluntarily withdrawn her nomination to be a Peacemaker. I could not allow myself to use my fear as emotional blackmail. Now that it was over however it isnt beneath me to use it to soften the blow for her. I allowed the wall drop and flooded her with my relief and happiness. I let her understand just how very accustomed I have become to her being in my arms. That life without her, however temporary would have been a difficult burden for me to bear. 
We both stood there silently for a few moments as my emotions seeped into her conscious mind and the other council members plus the Earth Peacemaker left the chambers. I allowed myself to reflect on the three months and forty-seven meetings it took to finally come up with a plan of attack highlighting my gratitude and thankfulness of how it all unfolded. 
The plan while almost simplistic twelve League Peacemakers would crossing the gate and seek peace across all species. It would be the job of the League Peacemaker to rally allies to the side of peace, thereby ending the war and Hekubas brutal reign. Each Peacemaker would utilize his or her strength to woo Seelie and Unseelie into joining the League for Peace. The Peacemakers were elected today based on their unique opportunities to rally forces living outside of Earth to our cause. 
The League is designed to be find and encourage peace not war. They will be going from place to place convincing the leaders to join the League. Once they join the League I will join them in my ghosting form and perform magic similar to the spell we used to create Earth. This one however will weave the energy of all League members together effectively creating a huge spider web of psychic energy. It will take time, maybe even years, but the moment the spider web is completely woven we will attack. I will turn that psychic energy into a weapon that will destroy Hekuba. Then I will proclaim myself the King of the Unseelie and declare peace to the world. 
The Peacemakers were carefully selected to ensure they could carry the message of harmony and be a bridge between all species for both the Seelie and Unseelie court. Initially, there was tremendous tension on determining the Peacemakers. Of course, it started to become a kind of competition where each group felt they needed to be properly represented. In the end however we realized it needed to be the people who would have the most impact on the races living outside of Earth. 
After weeks of heated debates, the council chose the first Peacemaker. Both of them are Trolls. Baldor Korba a founding member of the Earth council and the was the first nominated and selected Peacemaker. Eli Demo was the second selected Peacemaker. 
The decision was made on the basis of Trolls rare ability to find and gain allies more easily across all species of Seelie court members. Everyone accepted Trolls they were the enemy of the Unseelie court alone. They had the highest likelihood of carrying the message of peace and having it transcend across the Seelie court. 
From there, it seemed to flow almost naturally. The next four were all Unseelie court and selected for their race. After all, we knew better than most that no one could convince an Unseelie court to commit mutiny against the queen Hekuba of the Unseelie court but one of their won race. Who were the right people, was the tricky part? Finally, we settled on the four; Tristen was chosen first of the four Unseelie court. He is a Brownie and also a founding member of Earth. His hearts desire Sabrina a Goblin was next since as a married couple it would be unreasonable to keep them separated. Theia was the third choice representing the Kelpies leaving only the Slaugh unrepresented. 
Choosing the Slaugh was the hardest and the easiest at the same time. As it turns out, we had a spy living among us and we had to decide if we could trust him to be on our side. In the end, we let the magic of the gate decide for us; since it only allowed those pure of heart seeking peace or their soul hearts desire to cross the gate. We believed we could trust him.
Brutus was that spy. He came to Earth two weeks after Hekuba wreaked havoc on my body. He crossed the gate without issue and immediately started trying to rub elbows with the council members. When Hestia became suspicious and started questioning him he folded like a deck of cards. He admitted that he came to Earth because Hekuba sent him as a spy. Brutus however was the worst choice Hekuba could have made. He didnt have the heart for war he only wanted peace. The gate allowed him to cross because his heart was pure. 
Then he offered to act as a double agent if the result was peace for all races. He asked only that we allow his hearts desire Athena a Pixie to live safely in Earth until the war ended. We agreed to his terms since we were sure Brutus being a Peacemaker would serve two purposes. One, he could provide us with Intel on Hekubas plans and two, he had the unique opportunity to speak to Unseelie court members that would be otherwise outside of our reach.
Priam a current council member representing the Pixie was our seventh chosen Peacemaker. He alone would represent the Pixie as a race. We prayed that his wisdom and his ability to motivate not only his race, but others would balance out his inability to fight. That was a real sore spot to the other Pixies basically begging to be included in the efforts. Honestly we felt sending more out would be like sending lambs to the slaughter. Simply put their age was a deterrent that would hinder their ability to travel about as swiftly as the mission called for. 
Our next four Peacemakers were chosen due to the dual nature all of them being born changelings. They had the ability to communicate and sympathize with two races, giving them double the populations to reach. We chose two couples. The first changeling couple volunteered early on in the process stating that their son Tyr had some type of illness and that they needed to return to the other side of the gate anyway. 
We accepted them. Minerva a Kelpie-Sidhe and soul hearts desire Summanus a Sidhe-Brownie as Peacemaker. Minerva could blend in with the Kelpie with no telltale signs of being a changeling. Yet both her husband looked human enough and would be accepted in any human camp or Sidhe camp. We were pleased to have them since we would have no natural born Sidhe as Peacemakers. Gwenn had continued to refuse to recommend any Sidhe as Peacemaker. She stood her ground and swore all Sidhe that lived in Earth were too beaten and battered to leave and rejoin the war efforts. 
The next couple to be accepted was Loki a Jinn-Goblin and his chosen hearts desire Kylie a well shes... Oh, heck none of us know what she is. All I knew is she can appear to take nearly any form she desires. Human, Sidhe, Jinn, Slaugh and in some respects even a Pixie. The two of them have been on the front line for many months already fighting the Unseelie court and building the foundation for the League. Kylie has several strange yet wonderful abilities that make her an excellent choice the least of which is her ability to blend in with races.
Our final member was the most difficult since we felt the only underserved race were the Jinn. In the end, we chose Flora for her intelligence and keen insight into reading peoples body language. As a battle-hardened female Jinn, she could slip in and out of camps going virtually unnoticed unless she wanted to be seen. 
I was pulled out of my musings the moment the last person exited the chamber when Hestia spun me around and pulled me warmly into her arms. Feeling her pain and anxiety I found myself lifting her off the ground and smashing my lips to her. I was careful not to smash her budding abdomen while I plundered her lips. After a thorough kiss, I gently slid her back to her feet before she said in a voice filled with emotions
I love you Jace more than life itself. Despite what you think, and the emotions you are so aptly sending my way I am not unhappy that I wasnt chosen as a Peacemaker. The truth is I dont think I would have done a good job anyway.
Hestia words thoroughly confused me. She would have been an excellent Peacemaker for the League. How could she think otherwise? I never doubted her abilities my desire was to keep her at my side for purely selfish reasons. I must have looked at her questionably because she suddenly smiled brightly and stood up on her tip toes and gave me another amazing kiss before saying
You and the baby are my heart and soul Jace. Lets face it My mind and body dont operate at full capacity without my heart and soul. Leaving you and the baby in Earth would have left me half a woman. I think the council knew that long before I figured it out for myself. 
Chapter 50 POINT OF VIEW  Jace 
Date:  5.06.02 AE
 Push Hestia! Just give us one more push and we can meet the newest member of your family.
I grabbed Hestias hand and squeezed lightly. I knew she was in a lot of pain and the hours of labor had finally taken their toll. Despite the terrible pain and her utter fatigue Hestia smiled up at me as she squeezed my hand tightly back. Then she grunted as she bore down and pushed with everything she had left.
Thats it Hestia. Here comes the baby. Dinlas cooed in a clearly excited voice.
I glanced towards Dinlas who was positioned at the end of the bed watching closely as the baby made its way into the world. I watched in amazement as the babies light blue head appeared first followed quickly behind its shoulders the rest of its body. I found myself holding my breath as Dinlas cleared the babys mouth and we finally all heard the babys strong cry.
It's a girl!
A girl. Our girl. Our baby girl Luna. Hestia and I decided long before today that if the baby was a girl her name would be Luna in honor of Dinlas mother and Vulcan if it was a boy in honor of her father. After all Dinlas mother and father were the real reason that Earth even existed. If not for their sacrifice and the spell they created Earth would never have been given life. Without Earth and the peace that it represented Hestia and I would have never been given the chance to find love and create our child's life together.
I spotted Dinlas begin her examination of the baby and immediately felt my joy at Lunas birth drain away and instead became filled with anxiety and trepidation. Knowing what came next had me holding my breath as I forced myself to ignore Dinlas while she examined my daughter. I knew my body was literally shaking and I could see my fears reflected in Hestia eyes. We felt so useless and helpless as Dinlas made her assessment of the Lunas health. 
Hestia and I like all mixed species couples knew the risk of having a changeling baby. All changeling children were high risks for congenital defects. More than fifty percent of changeling children are born dead and another twenty five percent die in the first few years of life. Leaving less than twenty five percent to survive into adulthood.
Jinn changeling survival rates are even lower than that. Even worse, less than five percent of Jinn changelings survive puberty. The most common defect for Jinn changelings are heart and lung problems. Since Jinn transform into monsters during battles or in times of stress or danger they have a physiology that allows their internal organs like their heart and lungs to grow and shrink according to their body weight and size.
That ability is unique to the Jinn race. Dinlas examination seemed to go one forever. I watched a tear slip silently from Hestias eyes as the seconds turned into minutes. Finally after what felt like forever Dinlas wrapped our daughter in a soft looking pink silk blanket and gently placed her in Hestias arms. I looked up into her face and tried to beseech her with my eyes to give us good news.
Dinlas smiled at both Hestia and I but I could tell something was wrong by the forced almost polite small smile she had on her face. I saw several more tears slip from Hestias eyes as she looked down at our daughter Luna. I reached out and slid my finger across the babys soft sweet cheek as I heard Dinlas shift her position and knew that she was finally ready to give us the bad news. I swallowed hard and could feel my own tears welling up behind my eyes as Dinlas started to speak in a tight yet somewhat calm voice
Jace and Hestia, congratulations on your daughter. Shes absolutely breathtakingly beautiful. So my examination Well I would like to give you all good news but... Dinlas paused a moment and took a deep breath before continuing
Well your daughter...
Luna I cut her off and forced myself to say out loud.
Her name is Luna after your mother.
Dinlas smile broadened just a tad and I could swear her eyes teared just a little before she continued
Luna Oh how wonderful Thank you So...The good news is Lunas lungs sound very clear and her heart appears to be operating properly. She is functioning perfectly at this time. The bad news is despite my best attempts to test their growth abilities of her internal organs
Dinlas paused for a moment and I watched her swallow hard. This time when she spoke I could hear the sympathy in her voice
Lunas lungs did not respond. As you both know without her lungs growing properly it is highly unlikely that she will survive her first involuntary transformation.
Dinlas paused for a moment. I assumed that was to give Hestia and me a chance to ask her questions. Hestia and I said nothing. We didnt need to. Honestly we were both prepared for exactly this scenario. It meant that we would have roughly thirteen years before we would lose her. Thirteen precious and amazing years to share our love, hopes and dreams with our sweet daughter Luna. After a few moments of awkward silence since neither Hestia or I had any questions, Dinlas finally cleared her throat and said in a rushed but compassionate voice
Puberty. Thankfully most Jinn dont involuntarily transform for the first time until they hit puberty so we have plenty of time to figure something out. If there is a will there is always a way. Perhaps a binding spell or...
Hestia looked up at Dinlas then back down at the baby before cutting Dinlas off by saying softly
Thanks Dinlas for everything youve done. As youve said time is on our side. Would you please do me a favor and keep Lunas medical condition to yourself? I want time to enjoy the baby without this hanging over our heads. It would be better if the others in Earth dont know that Luna might have a very short life.
Dinlas nodded then briefly touched Hestias shoulder in a show of sympathy before saying softly back
Of course. I understand completely. I m going to go to my office for about an hour so you and Jace can have some time alone with Luna before I let the others know that Luna has made her way into the world and begin the celebration.
Hestia smiled back at her and we both watched in silence as Dinlas made her way out of the room. 
Chapter 51 POINT OF VIEW  Jace 
Date:  5.06.06 AE
 Luna, come on in honey so we can fix your hair for your party.
Luna laughed and came running towards me just as I felt Hestia walk up behind me. She leaned in and whispered into my ear causing my whole body to shiver in pleasure
Kylie and Loki are bringing another one of their strange children across the gate. Im going to need to get them sworn in as members of my cast them help them get settled into Asgard before coming to the party. Chances are Ill be a little late so please make excuses for me.
I smiled back at her while nodding my head before she kissed me and shifted into a raptor and flying off towards the gate. I knew Luna was going to whine that Hestia was late to her party. Lately, Hestia was late or absent from just about everything. I understood but getting a ten-year-old to understand was a whole different matter. 
Hestia swore an oath to Kylie that she would welcome all of her and Lokis children into the fold. When she made that oath she had no idea that Kylie and Loki would have so many children and she also didnt have a clue that they would be a brand new race. Though if she had listened to Kylies words she might have known there was a reason Kylie was being so careful to get Hestia to give her word of honor. Kylie calls her adopted children Ghouls. 
Kylies Ghouls were once human children, but the followers of Hekuba used evil blood magic and converted them into bloodthirsty and soul steeling little monsters. Of course, Hekuba continues to press her followers into converting adult human and children alike in hopes of using them as soldiers. Hekuba can see that unless there is some kind of miracle she has lost the war. The majority of the Unseelie court have already conceded defeat or have joined the League for Peace. That left Hekuba very few Unseelie members that continued to fight for her. Hekuba has become desperate to find new soldiers to fight her battles. The new Ghoul race is her latest attempt to turn the war in her favor. Sadly this is not the first time the Unseelie court created a race to serve or save them. In fact, history was almost repeating itself exactly.
Before the Ghouls, my people created humans so we could use them as soldiers. Of course, that backfired on us since the human bodies were frail and they carried diseases that killed the more Unseelie court than the battles with the Seelie court. Then the humans joined the Seelie court in battle against us and the war turned decidedly in the favor the Seelie court members. We Unseelie should have admitted defeat then. But Olympia and Hekuba vowed to continue the fight until there was no more Unseelie court blood left to spill. They preferred extinction to defeat. 
Hekuba and her followers believed the new Ghouls race could deliver them to victory. Like before however they are doomed to fail. The new Ghoul bodies are basically uncontrollable. The adults are immensely dangerous and cant be controlled even with an Inhibitor. More often than not they kill the Unseelie court that was stupid enough to perform the magic on them and turn them into a Ghouls.
The children can be controlled with an Inhibitor but even then they kill and maim indiscriminately. It appears both male and females of all races and regardless of age and are equally edible in their eyes. They drink their victims dry of blood then consume their soul before they move on to another. Another downside for Hekuba is the children have no fighting abilities and despite their strength and skin veneer they are cut down in battle like lambs to the slaughter. Still Hekuba supporters keep trying. They believe they can refine the magic and make the new Ghouls race a tactical advantage for them. Im counting on Hekuba being wrong about this like her predecessors were wrong about the humans.
Hekuba however does have one thing right, the Ghouls are a strong race. If they can be domesticated and civilized like the ones Kylie and Loki work with they could indeed turn the war. The Ghouls seemed to share some of the best attributes from across all the species of Seelie court members and Unseelie court. They had fangs like Sidhe and Slaugh but instead of delivering venom to their victims through them instead they drank their victims blood through them. 
Ghouls are fast on their feet and could run close to a hundred miles an hour. The only being faster is a Kelpie clocking in at close to two hundred miles per hour or more. Oddly enough, they also have the ability to ghost just like the Slaugh and Sidhe. That skill is part of the reason that Unseelie court havent been able to inhabit the Ghouls bodies and use then as meat vessels during battles. Anytime a Hekuba supporter jumps into their body the Ghouls jumped into the supporters body. Since they cherished their own body more than that of a small Ghoul child Hekubas followers quickly abandoned the notion of body jumping.
It seemed all of the Ghoul children had things in common with all of the Seelie and Unseelie races. They were identical to Kylie in all ways. Wings, fangs, skin veneer, speed, strength and magic. Their veneer is different yet very similar to a Jinns. All of them however like Kylie are pale white. In addition to their physical attributes and their ghosting abilities they also had extra similarities to other races. Specifically their three forms of influence; intellectual, spiritual and emotional. 
Intellectual influence is an ability the Trolls seem to share with the Ghouls. Its basically the power to modify and control the thoughts, mindsets, and upper brain functions of others. Some believe the Ghouls power of intellectual influence may be stronger than the Trolls since unlike the Trolls, the Ghouls ability doesnt require the Ghoul to be in physical contact with the person they are influencing.
Their spiritual influence abilities can rival the Goblins. They use that ability to temporarily trick and fool weaker minds into believing that they are seeing, hearing, smelling or feeling something that they are not. Thankfully unlike the Goblins this is not a skill the young Ghouls seemed to have mastered very well.
The Ghouls get their emotional influence abilities from the Brownies. Like the Brownies they can sense peoples emotions and use them to their advantage by luring people into feeling comfortable and safe in their presence even when their intentions are ales then pure. 
The adult Ghouls are very hard to kill. We think the children if they continue to age and grow may actually be as close to immortal as the Slaugh, Sidhe and Jinn. So far, we have found only three things that destroy and kill the adults. The first method, of course, is fire. Fire melts their flesh from their bodies and turns them to ash just as it does to every other species on alive
The second method weve found to kill the adult Ghouls is by ripping their hearts from their chest and completely destroying or consuming it. Goblins and Trolls find this is the easiest and most effective way for them. They discovered this almost by accident during battle. Sadly however we have also discovered if a Ghouls is left for dead with any of their heart still intact you could meet them in battle the following day.
The final way we found so far is to completely sever their heads from their shoulders with a very sharp sword or ax. On the adults, this is a task easier said than done since not everyone has the brutal strength to take the head of an adult Ghoul off in one blow. Multiple blows and hacking doesnt work on the adult Ghouls since they heal incredibly quickly. The children however seem to have weaker bones and removing their heads is easily done in a single blow even by a weak human. 
Kylie and Loki have made it their personal mission to save as many of these children as they can. Kylie performs her own secret magic on them then turns them over to the group she set up in Asgard. The group and Kylie and Loki help the children in various ways. Each of the people like Hestia have very different, but imperative parts of healing them and making them sociable. Hestia part was simple; she accepts them in her cast and makes them a member of Earth society. Under the protection of Hestia and her cast, the children were given sanctuary and the chance to grown up as members of Earth. 
Chapter 52 POINT OF VIEW  Jace 
Date:  2.14.17 AE
Hestia and I land as silently as we could just behind medic Dinlas infirmary. Hestia transformed from the winged horse back to her normal form. Before I turned to look at her, I forced myself to halt the tears that were flowing down my face. I knew it was important to Hestia that we kept a strong front. Luna needed our strength and hope not our fears and apprehension. This was the third time her body tried to force her to transform. Hestia, Myself, Ceres, and Dinlas have been using massive amounts of magic the past three years to keep Luna from transforming. Her body however has decided it no longer wants to cooperate.
Now despite all our best efforts at nearly sixteen years old Lunas inner monsters wanted out. It waited far longer than most Jinn. Today she would transform and either her lungs would keep up with her need for oxygen or we would lose our sweet Luna.
We walked almost silently inside and immediately saw Buros sitting beside Luna. The two of them have been inseparable since Luna turned five. Buros is a is the child of Hestia and my good friends Tristen and Sabrinas. Buros is a Brownie-Goblin changeling and also Lunas hearts desire. I could see he was holding her hand and a blue light illuminated the two of them. I started to step forward but connected with some kind of barrier. I pressed against it several times then I hollered to the kids.
Luna, Buros whats going on? What the hell is this barrier?
Buros turned and looked at me. I could see his cheeks were chapped and his face was wet with tears. Her wiped at his eyes then said
Her Jinn is very powerful and will force the transformation on her any moment now. Luna knows she will not make it through the transformation. The barrier is temporary. She begged me to help her hold her Jinn back until the rest of her family arrived. Please tell her mom and Pollux to hurry. There is not much time I am barely holding her transformation back.
Upon hearing his words, I felt my own tears splash down on my cheeks. Hestia and I knew from the moment Luna was born that her time on Earth would be short. Still, Id always hoped. Ceres and I have such power I always figured we would be able to find away. Honestly we did manage to keep her Jinn contained for far longer than we ever thought possible. 
I heard a noise behind me and looked back to see my son Pollux and Hestia enter then room. I moved quickly to Hestias side and pulled her into a tight embrace. I could feel her body shaking. She touched the barrier with her index finger. She must have immediately known what it was and why Buros had it up because I heard her moan in what could only be called anguish before she called out to Luna.
Luna baby Were all here. You can stop fighting the transformation now. I know how much it's hurting you to hold your Jinn in. Its time baby. Its time to let her out and fly free. No more pain. I love you Luna. Mommy and daddy both love you baby.
I felt my sons small body move closer to his mother and me. Losing Luna was going to leave a huge whole in all of our hearts. Luna was a vivacious and wonderful daughter. She embraced life and enhanced everyone elses life that she touched. She would be missed by all. The soft blue light of Burros magic shimmered then seemed to wink out. Then we saw Lunas body vibrating until she transformed into a magnificent dragon. Her wings moved up and down several times before she lifted her head in the air and blew out a huge plume of fire. Then her head slowly lowered to the ground. We could hear her gasping for air and knew that her lungs were not large enough and strong enough to provide for the huge dragon body. 
I watched my daughter blink several times before closing her eyes and leaving this world for the next. I could hear this odd sort of noise that reminded me of a dying whale in the ocean. It was loud and made such a sorrowful sound. I looked around the room through my tear soaked eyes wondering where the sound was coming from. I watched unable to move as my daughters dead body shimmered and she returned to her Jinn form. Buros was crying hysterically as he gathered her limp body into his arms. Hestia wilted in my arms and my son Pollux pulled away from me and ran from the room. I knew some part of him feared that he too would die during his first transformation. 
My body was too heavy to hold upright and I felt myself slowly lowering to the ground with Hestia still pulled tight to me. I wanted to go to her body. I wanted to pull her in my own arms, but I knew the right thing to do was to give Buros his time. Hestia and I lost our daughter, Pollux lost his best friend and sister but Buros lost his hearts desire. He would need extra time to say goodbye to part of his soul. There are no words for the pain Buros would be feeling. Hell there were no words for the pain Hestia and I was enduring. No parent should outlive their child. It just shouldnt happen.
I heard Buros murmuring words but couldnt make them out. I assumed they were nonsensical words of love and adoration. Then Hestia moved in my arms and I heard her start to murmur the same sounds as Buros. After a few more moments, I realized we were no longer alone in the room. I looked back and saw Ceres, Dinlas and both Tristen and Sabrina. All of them too were murmuring words that I still couldnt understand through the fog in my brain.
I watch as Buros pulled himself and Luna to her feet. Then his hips started to sway back and forth and I could tell he and the others in the room were now all but shouting the nonsensical words. Part of me wanted to stop him from dancing with my dead daughters body, but I found myself almost mesmerized by their bodies swaying and rocking gently back and forth. 
"Iyong mga kaluluwa at ang aking kaluluwa ay isa . Ikaw ang pagnanais ng aking puso at ang aking tunay na pag-ibig. Kami ay isa sa parehong . Kami ay magiging isa sa panahon ng maraming at sa panahon ng kakulangan , sa panahon ng pagkakasakit at sa panahon ng kalusugan, sa panahon ng kagalakan at sa panahon ng kalungkutan , sa oras ng pagkabigo at sa oras ng pagtatagumpay . 1 pangako upang mahalin at igalang mo , upang pangalagaan at protektahan ka , sa ginhawa at hinihikayat ka , at manatili sa iyo , para sa lahat ng kawalang-hanggan .
"On and on he danced with Lunas body and on and on Buros and the others sung. Each time they repeated the verse their voices grew louder and louder until the meaning of the words finally penetrated my confused and muddled mind. They were singing the wedding song. For what reason I couldnt begin to fathom until I saw my daughter take a small shaky breath. Then I realized what Buros and the others were trying to do. They were trying to anchor Lunas soul to Buros so that she could remain here in our world without her Jinn. Id never heard of a Jinn surviving the loss of their magic, but I found myself desperately praying that Luna would be the first.
I felt Hestias arms tighten around my body and I felt her soul wrap itself inside of me and I knew in that moment that whether Luna remained here with us or moved on to the next life Hestia and I would survive. Our love would carry us through the pain of losing our child. Our souls would find a way to comfort and care for each other. The love that Hestia and I shared was unparalleled in the universe. We were truly one half of the same soul. I was glad that forever brief it may be that Lunas soul would feel that kind of true unadulterated love. Then I found myself singing along with the rest of them only in my heart I knew I was reaffirming my own love for Hestia. I felt my body sway in time with Hestias as my voice quivered and sang.
Your soul and my soul are one. You shall be my hearts desire and my true love. We are one in the same. We will be one in times of plenty and in times of want, in times of sickness and in times of health, in times of joy and in times of sorrow, in times of failure and in times of triumph. I promise to cherish and respect you, to care and protect you, to comfort and encourage you, and stay with you, for all eternity.
THE END
Coming soon
Changeling Magic
Description
Loki is a changeling; half Jinn and half Goblin who lives in an alternative universe called Earth. At the height of the war between the Seelie and Unseelie courts a spell was cast that changed everything for Kylie and Loki. Caught in the crossfire their souls unintentionally merged.
Kylie is a unique creature unlike any other in Ghenna. She was made not born. She calls herself a Ghoul. As a ghoul she shares some of the best attributes from across all the species of Seelie and Unseelie court. Wing, fangs, magically abilities and so much more. Once the spell took root, Kylies blood heated until it boiled within her and called across space and time for the one man who could put out the fire in her blood and instead heat her body and soul. 

Prologue POINT OF VIEW  Loki 
Kylie's body was on fire. I knew she felt like her blood was boiling. The heat coming off her was so hot it was actually searing the flesh from her mothers arms as she carried her up the steps. The evil Slaugh had done something nasty to her. Something no one could have expected. It changed Kylies fate and mine. Now we were irrevocably tied together for all eternity. Nothing could keep us apart. Not even space or time itself.
Kylie kept trying to speak but her throat was raw from all the transformations she'd done earlier today. The Slaugh used one heck of a nasty spell that slammed into Kylie's body and forced her to constantly transform between forms. Centaur, Gorgon, Griffon, Sphinx, Unicorn, Cyclops, Kraken and Dragon... Over and over her body changed until all of Kylie's bones snapped one too many times and they started to turn to dust.
Then, just as she'd lost all hope for peace, Kylies blood heated. That was my fault. I tried to reach for Kylie and pull her into my world but she slipped through my fingers. I know at first my touch brought a sense of warmth that actually took some of the pain away for her. But as time continued Kylie's blood unrelenting continued to heat to the same degree as mine and the heat became too hot to be considered anything but excruciating. Kylie was writhing in pain by the time her aunt submerged her in a bathtub of ice cubes. I could hear the ice cubes hiss and pop as they cracked and melted from the heat of Kylie's body.
I gathered all the magic I possessed and reached across the gate of Ghenna for Kylie a second time. This time I firmly felt my fingers wrap around her soul. I knew Kylie's head felt heavy and her vision blurred even more as I tore her from her world and drug her into mine. I sang my spell as loudly as I possible could in an attempt to use my voice and the song to lull Kylie into a peaceful and painless sleep.
It would be days before she opened her eyes. I would need to prepare Kylie for a world she couldnt possibly imagine. Thinking back, I realized that Rhea must have been my original hearts desire. Wed never met and I had never felt the presence of my missing soul until it attached itself to Kylie.
Something in Rheas spell must have managed to tear my missing soul from her own body and cast it out into the open. Then during one of Kylie's transformations between her monsters she somehow pulled in the piece of my soul into her own body and inadvertently bonded with it and me.
Chapter 1 POINT OF VIEW  Loki 
I tried to hold back my opinions and concerns. After trying this multiple times I was starting to get the feeling that Kylie would do best if I just kept to the facts. Every time I tried to bring emotions or my personal opinions or thoughts into the mix things went a little sideways. With that in mind, I looked into Kylies eyes and waited for her to nod before I started to speak again.
So you see, Earth is basically an alternative universe created by magic. Simply put its still Ghenna its just a slightly altered reality.
I watched as she tilted her head slightly to the side and squinted her eyes just a bit before she gave me a tiny nod. I breathed a sigh of relief that she accepted this was just an alternative reality. Then her face relaxed just a little and she said in a voice filled with disbelief.
Let me see if I understood all of this correctly. She took a deep breath and straightened her back in the chair before she continued
You are a changeling. Part Jinn and part Goblin. Thats why your skin veneer is green with scales all over. The green veneer comes from your mother the Jinn and the scales comes from your father the Goblin. You were born here in this alternative universe. The people who live here call this place Earth. It is named Earth because thousands of years ago during the Seelie and Unseelie war, your ancestors created this dimension using nothing but magic and the soil from the ground.
These refugees consisted of all six primary cultures that were at war with each other at the time. As expected you have humans, Sidhe, Kelpies and Pixies. These make perfect sense and exist in my world too. Hell, I am a freak being since I am a changeling Sidhe and Pixie mixed with a side of Ghoul magic. I can actually transform into more than one monster which is unheard of in my world.
She took a deep breath and I could swear she winked at me before she continued saying
How my doing so far?
Shed understood everything almost perfectly. The timing of when Earth was created was going to be a problem but otherwise she was spot on. I smiled and she smiled back and said
So far so good. You have the basics.
She nodded and gave me a curious little smile before she continued
Okay then, now heres where it gets a little screwy. See in my world there are no Jinn, Trolls, Brownies, Slaugh or Goblins left. They are nothing but myths. Slaugh at least in theory make sense. From the fairy tales, Slaugh are basically Sidhe that embraced darker magic and lost their souls. I can sort of believe in them without too much trouble. I also can believe in Trolls and Goblins since history mentions them often when we talk of the Seelie and Unseelie wars. But you see its tough for me to understand a creature like you.
When I look around I am amazed to see all these blue, green, and red people running around. There are also those insanely tall and thin ones too. They both definitely appear more alien than anything else. Neither of them make me think Jinn or Slaugh. You at least look sort of human despite the fact that you have green skin and scales. The others just seem wrong. But if I understand correctly youre telling me the really tall alien looking ones are Slaugh or Slaugh changelings and the colored ones are Jinn or Jinn changelings. Apparently the skin bright color skin veneer is a trait of the Jinn and the immensely tall beings are traits of the Slaugh.
I nodded and was about to explain changelings like myself in more detail when she raised her hand and continued
Okay then, the Slaugh arent really Sidhe that lost their souls. Correct?
I nodded again, but this time I knew that she wasnt finished so I didnt try to speak. I was right when I realized she barely acknowledged my nod before she continued
So, your world has been in a parallel existence with mine for several thousand years now. Basically on the same time space timeline but separate?
She paused again and this time I could tell she was looking for me to fill in more blanks. I nodded, licked my lips and said
Well, you are mostly correct. There is a lot of magic and science that I cant explain but it all boils down to two things. One my world was initially created from yours and it most likely still exists in your timeline. However the part that you didn't seem to grasp is Earth was just created less than fifty years ago. I didnt just reach across the gate; I reached across time and space.
I figured knowing that she was drug back in time a couple thousand years was going to be a hard concept to deal with so I decided Id said enough. I didnt need to worry her with the fact that with great magic comes great consequences. I used major power pulling her across space and time there would be major consequences for my magic. Since I didnt want Kylie to start asking me what the consequences of pulling her across the gate was, I needed to keep that little secret for as long as possible. It was difficult enough making her comfortable without having that issue surface too soon.
I watched her blink then let out a long low sigh. I could tell she was processing my words. Then her head tilted to the side again and I could tell something big just entered her mind. I could have sworn for a half a second that I saw a twinkle in her eye before she suddenly blurted out
Are we still in the war? Did you pull me across the gate because of my combat skills? That must be why. You people need my help to survive the war. Its the only possible reason since its impossible for me to be anyones hearts desire.
I could feel my heart slamming around in my chest. I swallowed and could feel my Adams apple bob up and down. My mouth went dry and my mind scattered. I knew I needed to tell her. Now was my chance. I licked my lips and took a deep breath before I finally managed to croak out
Well, now thats not exactly true. You werent born with a hearts desire and honestly you still dont have one. I however was born with a hearts desire that was on your side of the gate. Rhea was my hearts desire, but I knew she was evil and honestly I didnt even seek her out. Then in a twist of fate, during your fight with her she threw around her magic so carelessly and callously she changed everything. You see, she somehow freed my soul from hers and cast it into the open.
I took a deep breath and tried to see if it looked like Kylie was connecting the dots and starting to understand exactly where I was going with this. I could see that she was apprehensive and in some ways even beginning to reject the idea so I quickly forced myself to finish.
Anyhow, I dont know how or why, or for that matter even what it will mean to either of us. But during one of your transformations the piece of my soul that was once housed within Rhea got caught up within you. When I initially reached across the veil it wasnt to grab hold of you it was to grab hold of my own soul. The moment I connected with you and tried to pull my soul away your own soul started to twist around mine here on this side of the veil. I panicked when I realized we were getting more tangled together. I tried to pull back but it was too late. You were dying; I knew if I withdrew and left you in your world you would have died that very day, so I did the only thing I could think of. I pulled you and my soul through the veil.

