

Reforged: Book One
ANVIL OF TEARS


Erica Lindquist and Aron Christensen

- Second Smashwords ebook edition -

Copyright  2009, 2012
All rights reserved
ISBN: 9781310495892

Cover art by Rowena Wang
Pages and cover design by Erica Lindquist
Edited by Hache L. Jones, Sean and Mary Emerson, Lacey Waymire, Kathy Lindquist, Cedar LaBrie and Amber Presley

This is a work of fiction. All characters and events in this book are fictitious. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is strictly coincidental.

Maeve Cavainna is running and her wings won't save her. The infamous bounty hunter, Logan Coldhand, chases close behind her and intends to drag Maeve back to the planet of Axis to collect the high price on her head. When he finally corners her, the long chase seems to be over until a frightened alien girl stumbles into their fight and begs for their protection. Maeve and Logan call a reluctant end to their battle and promise to help the girl, but they have agreed to far more than they know. Can the fragile peace between hunter and mark hold long enough to save the lives that depend on them?
______

Prologue: Into the Stars
Chapter 1: Hawks and Doves
Chapter 2: Axis
Chapter 3: The Blue Phoenix
Chapter 4: Sibling Rivalry
Chapter 5: Cold Heart
Chapter 6: Smoke and Flame
Chapter 7: Stray
Chapter 8: Wayward Winds
Chapter 9: Lock and Key
Chapter 10: Striking Sparks
Chapter 11: Full Circle
Chapter 12: Hunter
Chapter 13: The Black Cathedral
Chapter 14: Mark
Chapter 15: Red and Gold
Chapter 16: Pillars of Light
Chapter 17: Bare Necessities
Chapter 18: Blind Eyes
Chapter 19: Worth of a Stone
Chapter 20: Aerie
Chapter 21: Release
Chapter 22: Reunions
Chapter 23: Sowing Salt
Chapter 24: Reaping Tears
Chapter 25: Scream
Chapter 26: Prayers Unanswered
Chapter 27: Flight
Chapter 28: Star and Stone
Chapter 29: Rune and Ruin
Chapter 30: Shared Blood
Chapter 31: Integrity
Chapter 32: Paid
Epilogue: Anvil of Tears
Appendix: The Lay of Cavain

For my mother, Dor Lindquist,
who taught me how to fly.

Prologue:
Into the Stars

"You will know the final days by the coming of the three false blessings: The hungering father, the mad mother and the undying child. Do not heed their words, for they are lies. Beware the signs of the end and open your heart to the One God, for He alone offers you His love and His salvation."
- The Book of Light (23 PA)

When life first contemplated crawling from the seas, the infant creatures believed that distance was the greatest of all barriers. The line of the shore, etched in gold by the first rays of morning light cutting through their thin, toxic atmosphere, seemed so very far away. Certainly not worth the time it would take to crawl to it on limbs so poorly adapted to land travel.
So life remained in the seas for another million years, never straying far from its spawning ground and fearing what lay beyond. Only when food grew too scarce and mates too hard to find did the young creatures of the worlds dare to crawl out of the oceans. As the eons passed, fins and flagella gave way to limbs of all sizes, uses and numbers. As they spread across the land, food and resources grew scarce once again.
And so eyes turned to the stars. When life first contemplated the skies, the infant creatures believed that distance was the greatest of all barriers.
They were wrong.

Chapter 1:
Hawks and Doves

"One need not be asleep to dream."
- Arcadian proverb

Maeve Cavainna stared out at the elongated rainbows of passing stars as the Blue Phoenix soared between them. Superluminal flight scattered the light into a thousand subtle hues, turning starlight into something strange, exotic and unfamiliar. At such speeds, even the brightest suns were only colorful smears against the perfect velvet black of space. A heartbeat of light and then each was gone.
How many millions of lives did the ship pass by, unnoticed by those living on the worlds circling the hazy little stars? But the planets were invisible to Maeve, too small and gone too fast to ever see. The universe was a cold, dark and ignorant place. Uncaring and blind. She pressed her fingertips to the hard glassteel of the viewport, searching. It was as if there was no one else in the entire universe, as though she were alone. But Maeve knew better.
Where are you?
He was out there somewhere: Coldhand, the bounty hunter. Tiberius was certain that they had shaken him from their trail, but Maeve wasn't so sure. No matter how many worlds she fled to, Coldhand always found her. Whatever stinking alleyway she found to hide in, he would be there. He was the song-silencing hand of the Nameless come for her at last. There, that spark of light Was it Coldhand's ship?
No, it couldn't be. Maeve frowned as the sparkle faded back into nothingness. She struggled to remember what Gripper had told her about SL flight. At superluminal speeds, there was no way she could see any pursuing vessel. The Blue Phoenix was flying faster than light, outrunning sight of anything that might follow. So excited that he had hopped from one huge foot to the other, Gripper had explained the surprises that had come with interstellar travels.
Everyone expected time dilation and lapses, Gripper had said, grinning like a little boy. All of the science supported it. Relativistic travel, they called it. But it never happened. No one stepped off a starship to find themselves years younger than their own children. Time was not the mutable, changeable thing that physicists and temprologists predicted, not stretched and twisted by superluminal travel like cloud-candy. It behaved nothing like anyone expected, but as a strange, steady galactic constant, an unwavering interstellar heartbeat.
Maeve leaned against the window. Her breath clouded the pane. She squinted into the fog, willing herself to see the impossible.
Where are you, Coldhand?
In the back of the ship, Maeve could feel more than hear the low thrumming of the superluminal drive. There was a clang and a shout from Gripper as he tried to wring more speed from old machines. Maybe she should visit him. He was so innocent, so much like Caith
Maeve's com chirped insistently, distracting her. Where had she put it? She patted at her baggy spacer's pants until she found the small radio, about the length of her thumb and twice as wide.
"Cavainna here," she said when she had clicked it on. "What is it?"
"We're almost ready to drop out of SL," came the muted, tinny response. The voice was masculine, with a faint accent muddied by the buzzing on the channel. The engines were probably interfering with the signal, even at this short range. "You might want to strap in."
"If you are the one making our landing, Duaal, then I had best say my final prayers. How close are we?"
"Sink it. We'll be coming in about ten minutes from Axis. Just sit down and strap up, Maeve. Axis' gravity well is an absolute Nnyth. It's going to get choppy."
"You have been heard. I will pass the message along to Gripper."
She keyed off the radio and moved to turn away from the port. She caught her dim reflection in the glassteel and paused. At a glance, she might have passed for human, if light and very small of build, not even topping five feet. Long, tangled hair, black as a starless midnight, framed Maeve's fine-boned face. But she wasn't human and no human would have been flattered by the similarity. Maeve was Arcadian. Under her mess of unkempt hair, her imperfectly hidden ears tapered to points like an elf from some coreworlder child's story. Her stained, torn shirt did even less to conceal the pair of wings that arced from between her shoulders. Each was as long as she was tall and covered in feathers that would have been snow-white if Maeve ever bothered to clean them. They were as functional as the wings of any bird and generally considered just as dirty.
Maeve turned away and ducked through the small hatchway, into the engine room. The ceiling here was low enough that Maeve had to curl her wings tightly to avoid tangling them. In the original blueprints, this ceiling was much higher, but the ship was old and many times remodeled. Any meaningful height that would have given her room to stretch was lost to the jumble of pipes and wires that connected the ship's aged systems. With the crest of one wing, Maeve brushed a colorful bundle of dangling wires out of her face. It was a miracle that Gripper managed to keep the Blue Phoenix flying.
There was another loud thud and more shouting. Maeve stopped in the narrow passage. Anandrou, or Gripper as he preferred to be called, was squeezed uncomfortably into the corridor up ahead, pulling delicately at the exposed wiring behind an open panel. He cradled a length of frayed wiring in his massive hands and eyed it mournfully. One long, brown-mottled ear twitched at Maeve's approach.
"The FMS relay is shot," he told her in a plaintive, boyish voice that belied his ogreish size. Gripper craned his neck awkwardly in the tight confines to regard her morosely. "We're going to need a new one. Are we there yet?"
Maeve had no idea what the relay did, or why the rather chewed-looking piece of wiring was the death of the contraption. The Blue Phoenix was a coreworld construct and made little sense to her. But Gripper loved the ship like a living creature, like a pet, and she could not help being momentarily charmed. The inevitable failure of the old machinery always seemed a personal wound, while the numerous cuts and blood-oozing scrapes in his brown hide went unheeded.
"Duaal will be dropping us out of superluminal flight a few hours away from Axis," she answered.
One of Gripper's thick green eyebrows shot up. "Shimmer's landing us? We better tape ourselves down or something!" he cried, even as he began an urgent wriggle out of the hatchway and into the engine room.
Watching him go, Maeve's heart twinged painfully. Anandrou was so much like her little brother. The thought would surely have offended them both. How boys treasured their pride, like favorite toys, and hated to be reminded of their youth!
Fools and children, all of them.
"Hey, Smoke!" Gripper called to Maeve over his lumpily muscled shoulder. "Come on! You'd better strap in, too."
Maeve followed Gripper as he picked his way through the cluttered engine room. The fibersteel floor was patchy and dark from countless coolant and oil spills, so many times cleaned up and respilled that they had seeped into the very metal. Maeve's wings dragged over the stained floor. A feather caught in one of the jagged chip welds and tugged free with a bright spark of pain.
Gripper led her across to the far hatchway. This door was larger, tall enough that he could pass through without hunching his bulky brown shoulders. He didn't bother with the short flight of stairs. Instead, he jumped, grabbed onto the joint of the heavy ceiling plates and swung on his long arms up to the top. By the time Maeve caught up, the Arboran mechanic was already in the crew mess and tugging impatiently at the too-short belts on one of the acceleration couches.
Xia had arrived long before them and the Ixthian's expression was one of carefully composed serenity. Only the tightness of her safety harness and a faint red sheen to her gem-like compound eyes betrayed any concern about their co-pilot's competence. Her slender, long-limbed build and six-fingered hands hearkened back to her race's insect origins. Her skin was a polished pewter color and she had short, fine silver-white hair, more like a spider's gossamer silk than Maeve's long black tresses or the fear-puffed green fur on Gripper's forearms. A pair of short antennae rose from her forehead and tended to curl when she was annoyed.
The deck of the Blue Phoenix pitched beneath Maeve. She shot her wings out for balance and stumbled the last few feet to throw herself into a seat beside Xia. It was uncomfortable to cinch her wings so tightly against her back, but it was better than the beating delivered by Duaal's amateur flying. In the opposite couch, Gripper grimaced and clapped his hands to his stomach.
"This always makes me so sick. I wonder if it's the deceleration or just Shimmer's flying. Four years, right? And the guy is still wasp-crap at piloting," he groaned. "Do you think Claws could teach him the SL drop some other time? Like some time I'm not here?"
"How could he when you never leave? You're married to this ship!" Xia joked with a nervous, clicking laugh.
"Hey, it's not my fault. She's old and needs a lot of repairs," Gripper grumbled, flushing.
Maeve listened absently to their nervous banter and let her head fall back. The harness straps pulled tight across her chest as the sudden deceleration into sublight speeds made the ship buck and shudder. What if the Blue Phoenix did crash? What if Tiberius or Duaal had miscalculated their drop time? What if the ship smashed into the planet, scattering shreds of flesh and steel and stone, spraying clouds of lubricant and blood into the air? At least it would be an end.
No. No, I have a better way.
The streaks of stars outside the viewport shortened, blurred and then burst into hundreds of thousands of scattered star-blooms that filled the blackness with blinding white light. Silence fell over the mess as the thrumming of the SL engines and clanging of bouncing metal faded away. The ship intercom buzzed. Maeve could just make out Duaal cheering his successful SL shift from the cockpit.
"Welcome back to Axis," the captain said over the noise of his copilot. "Our home away from scattered homes."
______

Axis was a silvery-blue planet located almost in the precise center of the galaxy, off by only a few thousand light-years. But it was not that for which it was named. By agreement of the worlds of the Central World Alliance, Axis was the galactic capital, center of the largest government in the stars and a vital checkpoint for travel and trade.
Axis' megatropolis had swallowed the earth and seas of the planet long ago, burying them under uncountable tons of concrete and fiber-woven steel. The great city was divided into ten distinct levels, each a world unto itself. Level One was the outermost shell of the city, the crowning jewel, the only layer privileged with true sunlight and open air. Aglow in the bright radiance of the system's young yellow sun, Level One was the shining face the Alliance presented to the galaxy. Here was the great glass and steel heart of the CWA that moved the vital lifeblood of Alliance trade and bureaucracy.
On a lesser planet, the colossal Central World Alliance capitol complex alone would have covered an entire nation. In the center rose the vast Lyceum, the parliament in which every world of the CWA had a voice. Four species of thirty-six worlds argued in the Lyceum daily for  or sometimes against, when certain debts were called in  the interests of their homeworlds.
______

When Duaal had finished his bumpy landing, Maeve followed the others down in the cargo hold of the Blue Phoenix. They gathered in a loose knot before the airlock, waiting eagerly to venture out into the city. Xia stood to one side, smiling and joking with Duaal.
The world of Ixth had been one of those responsible for founding the Central World Alliance. Under the long-fingered touch of the Ixthians, all life flourished. They were masters of genetics and medicine, natural doctors and biologists. Centuries ago, unwieldy and unresponsive metal cybernetics had been the only recourse for those who had lost limbs and organs to disease or injury. With the help of the Ixthian cloning tanks, the Alliance had all but stamped out such barbaric practices.
Xia was as much a healer as the rest of her race and served as the ship's medic when trouble inevitably found them. "So I gave him the redprints and that was that," she said. "I never saw him again after that. Who can blame him?"
Duaal smirked back at Xia. The copilot was one of the several human species ubiquitous in the core worlds. This particular one had been born on the watery world of Hyzaar. Duaal's skin was a dark, burnished bronze color and his bleached-blond hair was cut in the ragged, shoulder-length fashion that was so popular on Alliance planets.
Like Ixth, the human planet of Hyzaar had been an early member of the CWA. The sapphire-blue planet boasted a surface area that was ninety-five percent oceans and the Hyzaari considered themselves masters of every aquatic sport. Since no other race in the galaxy could best a Hyzaari craft in the annual Beven competition, no one disputed their claim.
Despite his typical Hyzaari coloring, Duaal Sinnay was very little like the rest of his people. Most were full of smiles and good cheer. Hyzaar was one of the most prosperous planets of the Alliance and her people knew it. But Duaal had not been raised on his homeworld, only born there. He smiled as often as any Hyzaari, but there was something schooled and tight about the expression, something suspicious and arrogant that marred his otherwise youthful good looks.
Duaal did not even dress like other Hyzaari. Instead of the loose, comfortable garb favored by most of his race, even off world, Duaal's wardrobe was stiff, elaborate and flamboyantly exotic. Today, the Blue Phoenix copilot wore a long, stiff coat of black and purple dyed leather, clasped in shining gold. Beads and charms hung from every inch of edging, from collar to floor-brushing hem, and chimed with each step. His shirt was sewn from deep blue silk and his boots finely stitched black and gold. Duaal covered himself with so much expensive, ridiculously extravagant clothing that Maeve wondered sometimes if it was his face she recognized or only his silly costumes.
Duaal's strange dress was not half as strange as his studies. In the century that Maeve had lived in the core worlds, since the fall of the White Kingdom, he was the only human she had ever met who demonstrated even rudimentary knowledge of Arcadian science, what the core-world races ignorantly called magic.
Did Duaal think he needed the arcanery stitched all over his clothes for his magic? Perhaps. Maeve never asked, and Duaal never talked about it. How he had ever learned to sing even a single spell was a mystery to her. Duaal didn't need all of those symbols, of course, but maybe someone had told him differently. Maeve had no intention of wasting her breath teaching him otherwise. Besides, Duaal seemed to take great pride in his strange look.
Boys and their pride
Gripper hung overhead by his long arms, impatiently digging his huge fingers into the support hard enough to dimple the metal. Much like Maeve and Xia, he wore cheap, easily replaceable spacer's pants and a simple shirt. By necessity, his were cut far, far larger. They were fit for a Hadrian, but even those seams had to be let out in places. Gripper dropped to the floor with a low clang. He eyed the damaged ceiling support, flushed and sidled quickly away.
The Arboran towered over every other member of the Blue Phoenix crew, nearly nine feet tall and stockily built. His body was covered in leathery, mottled brown skin. His ears were pointed, much like Maeve's, but considerably longer. His arms, too, were elongated, and hung past his knobbed knees. His head was barren of hair, but his thick forearms were covered in green fur. Gripper was built for climbing and swinging through the trees of his homeworld, not for cramming himself into an engine room.
Gripper told his crewmates that he looked just like other Arborans, if a little on the short side. Of course, they had to take his word for it. No one, in the Alliance or in the rim kingdoms, had ever seen another Arboran. Gripper's sudden appearance in the core was a bit of a mystery, even to him.
Stares followed him everywhere, but no one challenged him. It was far easier and more rewarding to harass the smaller, less intimidating and more numerous Arcadians and that was lucky for Gripper. For all his great size and strength, Gripper was a shy young man, awkward and more or less a coward. His world was a peaceful one, he said. The Arborans lived high in the great trees of their homeworld, far from the predators below. They were strict herbivores and knew nothing of hunting or bloodshed.
Tiberius Myles, captain of the strange crew, stood at the airlock controls. He cleared his throat loudly, silencing Duaal and Xia. Though hardly as massive as Gripper, Tiberius was large for a human, with broad shoulders and a barrel chest. The captain's stubbled face was worn and lined with age, years of heavy burdens of which an unruly crew was only the latest. His hair was short and steely gray with age. When he spoke, it was in a rough, deep voice with the rolling accent of his homeworld, Prianus.
"Listen up," Tiberius said. "We've got about eight hours on planet. We haven't seen any sign of Coldhand yet, but that doesn't mean he's not still out there. We've got a good lead on him, but it's shrinking by the minute. That Raptor he flies isn't meant for SL. It's slower than the Phoenix, but he's probably tracing our wake just fine with that core leak."
Gripper held up his hands at the accusatory glance Tiberius threw his way. "Hey, I'm going to pick up a new venno plate today. Even the FMS relay is broken. The recyc' system is old, Claws. It's falling apart! What do you expect?"
Tiberius continued as though he had not been interrupted. "If we can get off Axis before Coldhand touches down, he'll have a hard time following us to the next planet. That means not making a fuss, not giving anyone anything to remember. Let's not invite trouble. That means you," he said, leveling his blue-eyed glare at Maeve.
The fairy shrugged. Her trouble with Coldhand was her own business. Maeve had never brought back more than a few dark bruises and broken bones. What did Tiberius care? Even if the bounty hunter caught up with them now, all he wanted was Maeve. The rest of the Blue Phoenix crew was unimportant; unless they tried to interfere. Gripper watched her and shifted his bulk uncomfortably. He was obviously worried about Maeve, but knew better than to voice his concern.
"Anandrou, you get that shielding taken care of. You two" Tiberius indicated Duaal and Xia with a wave of his calloused hand. "we need supplies, especially water. With the recycling system working at half, we're losing a lot of it. Duaal, let Xia handle it. We don't have a lot of colour to throw around. Just help her get it back to the bird."
Duaal pouted less than subtly, disappointed at his uninspiring duties.
"Maeve, take care of our datawork and landing fees. I'll get the ship refueled. That should leave each of you more than enough time to get anything personal done on Axis. Remember, get back to the Blue Phoenix within eight hours or you'll be finding another bird off this rock. We had to leave Hadra before we could finish restocking or pick up new work," he added. "So keep your eyes open. Salvage has been thin lately, so we need cargo to move. We can't afford to be picky."
The crew nodded their understanding and Tiberius punched the glowing green lock button. The ramp hissed as the seal broke. It lowered with a mechanical whirring that grated and ground a bit more than it should have. Gripper did not exaggerate the ship's age or disrepair.
Outside, the blastphalt abutted expansive white walls, studded with yellow fluorescents and striped in colorful map tracks. The ceiling above was ribbed with arcing beams as wide as Maeve was tall and covered by a network of huge yellow-white daylights, all dimmed for the late night traffic. The landing that Maeve was to pay for was not expensive enough to buy one of the Level One open-air pads.
A massive mechanical claw clasped the Blue Phoenix where it had set the hauler down, crampingly close to a bulbous Hadrian bulk transport and a smaller Dailon carrier. The Blue Phoenix was not a large ship, well suited to handling cargoes too small to command the attention of the major shipping companies or whose owners wanted to avoid attention. It was a little less than five hundred feet long, almost half of that length dedicated to the cargo hold and engines. That left little space aboard to accommodate the crew. The corridors were narrow and quarters were small, resulting in an abundance of scraped knuckles for Gripper and scuffed wings for Maeve.
The Blue Phoenix was shaped like a narrow cone, bisected from base to tip and set on its flat side. The cargo ramp extended from a sloping bulge in the underbelly of the ship, nestled between three stout landing legs. The underlying shape, however, was almost invisible under a multitude of sensor spars, invaluable in scanning for salvage. They thrust out in every direction from the ship like the spines on a drunken porcupine. A pair of wings, lumpy with stabilizing jets, jutted out from the forest of sensors, with a matching rotational thruster on a fin on top.
Only the nose of the ship was smooth, marked only with the long horizontal slash of the viewport around the cockpit. The window was not strictly necessary, since pilots flew almost entirely by instruments and computer readings, but shipbuilders had learned centuries ago that pilots liked to see where they were going.
With slender silver fingers firmly wrapped around his embroidered sleeve, Xia led Duaal from the ship. Gripper knuckle-walked behind, a small computer folded under his chin. Maeve moved to follow, eager to finish her paltry task and see to her own interests, but Tiberius caught her by the shoulder.
She rustled her wings at him and the captain glanced down at the feathered lengths. The humans of Prianus esteemed birds over all other animals and Maeve was sure that her wings had something to do with the captain's patience with her. Of the coreworld species, Prians alone treated the Arcadians with anything like respect. It was a shallow sort, warranted only by the fairies' superficial resemblance to their beloved birds, but it was something. Maeve never hesitated to use it to her benefit.
Not this time, it seemed. Tiberius held her fast. "Maeve, I'm serious. You stay out of the lower levels. I don't want you coming back to the ship low on something or beat to blast from some fight that you picked."
She narrowed her eyes at Tiberius. "What I do with my own time is my business and none of yours," she replied frostily.
The broad-shouldered Prian captain shook her angrily, like he would an unruly child. "It is every inch my business. I need you to keep this crew together! I didn't choose you as first mate for your looks, dove. I don't know how to manage people! Never did. If I'm going to keep the Phoenix in the sky, I need you to keep the crew in order for me and you can't do that when you're out of your skull on some chem!"
"I will consider your desires."
Tiberius grunted and released Maeve. It was the best he was going to get, for now.
"You've got eight hours, princess," the captain reminded her before stumping down the cargo ramp. He vanished into the throng of travelers pouring from the other ships, out onto the busy streets of Axis.
Maeve followed suit. She closed up the Blue Phoenix behind her, punching the code Gripper had given her last week into a keypad. The airlock hummed and cycled, then the light ticked from green to red. Secure.

Chapter 2:
Axis

"One hundred years ago today, our forebears brought together the hungry, desperate worlds into a new constellation. This constellation was not a symbol, not a picture, but a promise. The promise of a better future."
- Nanshi Crestone, 32nd Lyceum Presider (202 PA)

For millennia, the species of the galaxy believed they were all alone. Each government had work enough for generations simply in managing their own ever-dwindling supplies of food and fuel, air and other natural resources. No matter how carefully tended, these assets vanished alarmingly quickly until each world had no choice but to turn their attention to the distant stars.
All races were equally astonished to discover that they were not actually alone. Humanity particularly so as they foraged into the stars and they found their own kind exploring with the same desperate need. The native humans had named their planets Hadra, Hyzaar, Mir, Prianus and Vanora. When it became the center of the new world alliance, Vanora was officially renamed Axis.
Though the human subspecies looked quite different, they were pronounced by the Ixthians to be nearly identical in genetics, a verdict that would be borne out by generations of fruitful breeding between the five races of humanity. Each planet had left its mark on the races. Hadrians were large and muscular from generations of high gravity living, with dark skin and eggshell white membranes to protect their eyes from their bright binary suns. The humans of watery Hyzaar were long-limbed and golden-skinned, with powerful lungs and strong stomachs. On Mir, lightly striped skin and verdant hair camouflaged them from fast grassland predators. The humans of Axis and Prianus bore no obvious marks of their homeworlds, but no one ever mistook the urbane Axials for the backwater Prians.
Together with the Lyrans, Ixthians and Dailons, the humans founded an interstellar government to regulate their shared needs for scarce and ever-dwindling resources. They named their new nation the Central World Alliance. The new-minted CWA struck out into the unexplored sectors of the core, searching out new resources, but found little. No more fuel or minerals or arable land than any of their homeworlds. Allied by the steep requirements of an ever-growing population and few means to fulfill them, the CWA settled and civilized the other habitable worlds of the galactic core. After three hundred years of toil, dozens of planets tamed and tapped to yield food and minerals, the CWA finally managed to make a passable living for itself.
______

It was the work of an hour to track down and pay the harried-looking Dailon dockmaster. Maeve thought it might have been a male, but discerning the Dailon genders was notoriously difficult. They told one another apart easily by scent, but of the other species, only the canine Lyrans could make such distinctions. Like the rest of his or her race, the Dailon's skin was a dark blue, accented by glossy black hair and eyes, with an angular, planar build.
Forgoing any greeting, the Dailon unceremoniously thrust a datadex into Maeve's hands. She printed it and paid the landing fee with a handful of colored plastic chips. The dockmaster hurried off, rubbing their blue hands together briskly after even momentary contact with the Arcadian.
The Blue Phoenix was berthed on the second of Axis' ten levels in one of fifty thousand or so docking circles. Landing pads and fueling stations dominated this part of the megatropolis. The streets were filled with sky cars, suspended by cloudy NI fields, as well as older wheeled and bearing-mounted vehicles. Crowds pushed this way and that on the rubberized sidewalks, men and women of all species absently shouldering past one another as they went about their business on this level or else making their way to one of the many lifts that would take them out into the rest of Axis.
The air was alive with voices. In the early days of the Alliance, the founders had agreed upon a common language, which they called Aver. Because the humans were by far the most common and widespread race in the galaxy, Aver was made up primarily of human dialects. But hoping to forge a lasting understanding between the species of the CWA, each of the four core races took a hand in perfecting the unifying Aver. The black-haired Dailons contributed their rolling, sibilant hisses. From the brilliant, six-fingered Ixthians came a thousand clicking names for all manner of medicines and chemicals. The canine Lyra voiced their deep love of mechanical things, as well as the cha-gri  an open-backed chair that let them swing their furry tails freely.
As Maeve made her way out of the docking circles, fueling stations and ship airlocks gave way to tastefully holographed storefronts with wide windows filled with images of fashionable flight suits and polished ship parts. Sidewalks and roads were kept painstakingly clean and in excellent repair despite the traffic of millions of feet and vehicles.
Most visitors to Axis came by way of Level Two and so, in the interest of ongoing trade and good public relations, the city-world went to great lengths to keep the upper levels pleasant, relaxing and beautiful. Such aesthetics included the inhabitants as well as the dcor. Maeve was the only Arcadian in sight and attracted undisguised looks of disgust.
Many of the streets had glassteel skylights arcing overhead, great windows that looked out on the starry Level One sky. Maeve stopped, staring. The sky of Axis never ceased to amaze her, to fill her with wonder and anger. The blackness was alive with glittering stars, as close and numerous as the people of the city. Even at midday, the close-packed stars blazed, too bright and too many for the sun to eclipse. By night, they were glorious.
On her rimworld home, the White Kingdom of Arcadia, there had never been a sky like this. The galactic core was a breath-taking, glittering heart of life in the galaxy. Maeve felt as though she could reach out and touch another of those countless brilliant points of silver light.
Somewhere out there, in all of those stars, lay the shattered remains of her home. How could such life carry on when her kingdom was broken, her people on the brink of extinction and scattered through the core?
How could the galaxy spin on, untouched, when Arcadia was gone? She turned away, but the view on the street was no more inspiring. A smiling human couple brushed past Maeve. They ignored the dirty Arcadian and moved on, laughing together at some private joke.
I need a fix, Maeve thought.
She very nearly fell off of the sidewalk when a broad-shouldered Hadrian man ran into her. Maeve stumbled and only just managed to catch herself on the man's sleeve. His expensive chocolate-brown suit perfectly matched his dark skin and tightly braided hair. A stylish silver com hooked around his ear, flashing in the bright light with shiny bangles, which he stopped chatting into and looked down at Maeve. He wrinkled his nose in distaste and tugged his sleeve out of her grasp.
"How dare you touch me? What are you even doing up here, bird-back?" he hissed under his breath. Not waiting for an answer, he pointed down the street with a finger as thick as Maeve's wrist. "The lifts are that way. Get the hell off this level before I call the police!"
He glanced about with white membrane-covered eyes, probably hoping that no one had seen him speak with an Arcadian. Maeve turned and pushed her way through the crowd in the direction the Hadrian had pointed. He resumed bickering amiably into his radio about the price of some stock portfolio.
Nothing she wanted would be found this high up on Axis, Maeve reasoned, only more undesired attention. She needed to go down. The fairy stalked down the walkway, marked with a red map-line, until she reached a mirror-polished elevator. Several others stepped out when she entered, mumbling about crowds and that they would just catch the next one.
A ten-minute drop brought the lift down to Level Seven. A computerized chime from the door roused Maeve from a half-doze. She shook out her wings and stepped from the lift. By now, this low in the city, the lift was nearly empty.
It was easy to see why. The streets were dark with grime and deep, secretive shadows. Close-leaning apartment blocks and dim-lit shops were foreboding with broken, taped windows and caked in layers of lumapaint graffiti. The paint's glow had long since faded, whatever opinion or territorial claim it once proclaimed now fallen silent and dark. Overflowing trash bins and even less ordered filth choked narrow alleys between the buildings.
Perfect.
Maeve thrust her hands into her pockets and pulled her wings in close. She hurried furtively down the street, scanning side to side through the shadows. A few cracked streets down, Maeve found a run-down med clinic. It rose from a froth of trash that was only half-heartedly cleared away from the doors. The place was still open despite the hour, which must have been well past midnight by the local clock.
Through a small window crisscrossed in steel mesh, Maeve could make out a pair of tired-looking Ixthian doctors working diligently over an old man stretched out on a table. Their short antennae waved in small, weary arcs. The Ixthians sold their services at a fair price even on the lower levels of Axis. It was almost a sacred obligation.
Maeve circled behind the clinic, where there were no windows. Back here, Maeve knew, would be operating rooms and a small cloning facility. Cybernetics so galled the purist Ixthians that they charged only the bare minimum to run the cloning tanks, even in places like this. Even the poor of the CWA could afford to be whole. Only the truly destitute or unlucky resorted to the primitive, disfiguring cybernetics.
Axis was the center of the known universe and capital of the Central World Alliance, but just under the gleaming skin of the city above, the darkness thrived. On Level Seven, everyone needed drugs, patients and doctors alike.
Maeve found the dealer slouched beside the rear door of the clinic. It was a Lyran woman with matted fur, no taller than the small Arcadian. Lyrans, built much like bipedal dogs or wolves, were the shortest of the CWA citizens, but stout and muscular. This one had dingy fur so greasy and dark with dirt that the natural color was obscured. Her black nose ran wetly, streaking her long muzzle, but her predatory golden eyes were alert and watchful. She sniffed the air as Maeve approached.
"You're a long way from home, fairy," she growled menacingly.
"The White Kingdom fell long before your time. I have no home to stray far from," Maeve snapped back. "And I have not the time or inclination to argue with an ill-tempered wolf. You know what I want. I will pay you well; better than your poor merchandise merits."
Closer now, Maeve could see that the Lyran was quite young. Barely out of puppyhood, really. The bulky plastihide jacket poorly hid her starvation-thin frame.
"You're wanting for a rip with a mouth like that, bird-back," she snarled.
"What do you carry?"
"Vanora White, ten Cs."
"Give it to me!"
The Lyran bared yellowing fangs, but reached into her pocket and withdrew a plastic-wrapped bundle about the size and shape of a human's forefinger. Maeve reached for the little package, but the dealer snatched it back out of reach. She extended her empty paw, pads turned up.
"Show me some color first, bird-back. Two hundred cen."
Maeve's jaw clenched. One hundred would have been outlandish, but her need was great and her species put her in no position to haggle. The cenmarks, nicknamed color for the brightly hued chip denominations, changed hands and the dealer handed over her goods. Taking the Vanora White and pocketing it with hands shaking with need, Maeve nodded perfunctorily to the other girl.
"Hardly a pleasure, but you have my thanks," she said by way of farewell and then hurried away.
The wolfin girl spat on the sancrete as Maeve left and turned one of the plastic coins over in her paws. Did she wonder how a fairy had ever come by enough money to buy chems? Maeve doubted that the dealer cared. She was probably already thinking about catching a pounceball game up on Level Five.
Maeve managed to restrain herself long enough to find a darkened alcove a few dirty blocks away from the Ixthian's clinic. She turned down the narrow alley and crouched behind a rust-pocked bin. The dusty windows stared at her blankly; flat glass eyes milky, blind and indifferent to her indiscretion.
Gently, she unwound the needle from its plastic wrapping. Praise Erris, she thanked silently. She tossed the paper away, into the rest of the trash and held up the needle, tapping it with her fingernail. She pushed lightly on the plunger and pitchy, brackish ooze beaded up at the tip of the needle. Vanora White was so named for the blank white daze it induced, not the color of the drug.
Maeve pulled a fraying length of twilight purple gossamer from her pocket and, with one hand, knotted it awkwardly around her upper arm. The scarf had come with her from the White Kingdom, one of the butterfly-bright wraps worn under her glass armor during her days as a knight. A lifetime ago She held the cloth tight in her teeth and flexed her fingers rhythmically, watching for the telltale dark line of a vein under her soft white skin. There. Her hands trembled with nervous, needy anticipation. The fairy fumbled with the syringe.
"You've got it too far up."
His voice came above her, punctuated by the sharp click of a safety. It was a sound she had come to know very well. Maeve's heart raced.
He is here. Is this the last time? she wondered.
Slowly, Maeve brought her head up. Logan Coldhand held the gun mere inches from her face, steadying the weapon with both hands. It was a Talon-9 laser pistol with a long refraction barrel, deadly in its force and accurate even at great distance. The scarred gun was Prian, just like its owner. Coldhand was of the same racial stock as Tiberius, with the same slightly avian arch to their cheekbones, the same sharp blue eyes and the same lilting accent.
But that was as far as their similarities went. The Phoenix's captain was built thick and wide as a bull, but Coldhand was smaller, more like a prowling cat. The hunter could not have been long into his twenties, less than half Tiberius' age, but his eyes had an icy hardness that even Tiberius' stern old gaze somehow lacked.
Coldhand's standard Prian blond hair was damp. He smelled of sweat and his chest was heaving. He must have run hard to catch Maeve here. Like most in his trade, the bounty hunter was fit and well muscled, garbed in simple, utilitarian clothes that would neither stand out in a crowd nor impede him. Her eyes dropped to his hands wrapped around the grip of the long laser pistol. The right was wrapped around the handle of the Talon-9, finger laced through the trigger guard.
The left hand, pressed steadily against the butt of the Talon, gleamed in the dim light. From the elbow down, the arm was gone, replaced by metal; silvery nanostructured titanium and scarred gray illonium plating. The metal approximated a human appendage much as a mask mimicked a face. It was heavy, unyielding and ugly. It wasn't the only part of Coldhand that was gone. His heart, long gone, was of the same graceless, unfeeling metal. An organ of steel and circuits pumped the blood reputed to be as cold as his metal hand.
"Too high? What would a machine know of such things? Surely a soul-dead stone like you cares nothing for chems," Maeve spat. "You should not be here, Logan. Gripper told us that you were light years behind us."
Coldhand's finger tightened on the trigger of the Talon-9. Maeve was not frightened. There was blessed release in that gun and in the cold heart of the man who wielded it. What the All-Singer wished would come to be but she had no intention of making it easy for the hunter. Maeve flipped the needle in her hand, closing her fingers in a tight fist around it. It wasn't much of a weapon, but she had nothing else. Not here.
"You left an old pod printed with my Raptor's signal," said Coldhand. "I've been waiting on Axis for three days, Cavainna. Myles always lands here, sooner or later. Why chase you across the core when I can wait for you to come to me?"
His accented voice was flat. Coldhand would not gloat. Lording this most recent victory over Maeve required more passion than his mechanical heart could summon. She went deceptively limp, sagging against the side of the alleyway and slumping listlessly. Let Coldhand think she had finally given up the chase. Maeve curled her wings against the wall and waited.
Coldhand took the bait. Or maybe he saw the trap and simply didn't care. As he stepped closer, Maeve lunged at the hunter, using her long wings to shove off of the wall and slam her small body against him as hard as she could. When he stumbled back a step, Maeve lifted the needle and stabbed it at his eyes. Coldhand brought up his cybernetic hand to protect his face and the needle struck harmlessly against the metal. The impact jarred her hand painfully.
Maeve jammed her elbow into Coldhand's suddenly exposed stomach, balled her fist and punched up into his jaw. He fell back again, bright red blood blooming at the corner of his mouth. The Arcadian leapt, trying to catch enough air under her wings to fly up and away from the hunter, but Coldhand would not be so easily deterred. He recovered his balance and bounded back towards Maeve, lashing out with a hard kick. It landed against one of Maeve's down-sweeping wings and she crumpled to the alley floor once again. With her other wing, she barely parried aside a punch from his cybernetic hand, but was too slow to avoid the second and took the matching blow on her ribs. Maeve sucked in a wounded hiss of breath.
"Use that Aes-be-stilled gun and end this, Logan," she snarled. His Talon-9 was at his hip again, reholstered at some unnoticed moment and never fired. Maeve fumed.
"You're worth twice as much alive," Coldhand reminded her.
His glacial blue eyes were impassive as he kicked low, sweeping Maeve's legs out from under her. She rolled away and jumped back to her feet just before the hunter could bring a crushing boot down on her wing. Coldhand backed her up with a pair of high kicks, landing a backhanded punch as she stumbled against the wall. Maeve caught herself against the bin and curled her wings protectively around her body.
When Coldhand battered aside the meager shield of her wings with a pair of jabs, Maeve was ready. While he was still half-blinded by her feathers, she ripped the needle across his stomach. It left a long tear in his shirt and flesh that oozed red blood streaked with inky black Vanora White. Had any of the White found its way into his blood or was it all leaking away? The drug was a strong one. If it worked, Coldhand would still be sleeping in this alley long after she had returned to the Blue Phoenix.
Maeve beat her wings once and pushed herself a few feet into the air, but her injured wings buckled under the strain and she toppled clumsily into the heaped trash. Coldhand pressed his hand against his bleeding stomach and looked down at the black and red streaks with clinical detachment. Without changing expression, he bounded towards the bin, caught the toe of his boot on a corroded groove and vaulted on top, fists finding targets of yielding fairy flesh before he even landed.
Maeve backpedaled until she felt only air under her probing feet. Cornered, she jumped, twisted and landed in a wing-tucked roll that carried her out of the alley, out into the street. Coldhand gave chase, following Maeve into the road. Though sweat streamed from his brow and blood sheeted from the ragged slice across his belly, the hunter showed no signs of stopping.
"That Vanora White should have sent you to sleep," she gasped. "Have you an inch of true life left within you, Logan? Are you a man at all?"
"White slows the heart," he said, touching his steely fingers to his chest. "It doesn't work very well on me."
Maeve was still forming a retort when something smashed into her, bowling her over. She realized almost too late that it was not Coldhand. He had stopped, still several yards away, with blue eyes narrowed in suspicion as Maeve tumbled to the ground. Someone else had crashed into her in a tangle of clumsy arms and legs. Maeve threw her wings around the other and they tumbled together. Her wings took the worst of the fall, but they were fragile and already wounded. Maeve hissed in pain and glared down at the bumbling creature foolish enough to run into an earnest battle.
"By Anslin!" Maeve swore.
It was a girl. The frightened young woman kicked in instinctive fear at the cushioning wings, forcing Maeve to release her thrashing burden gently as she could. It was a Dailon, bruised blue skin smeared with dirt. Quite unlike the dockmaster, there was no question as to this Dailon's sex. In spite of her thin limbs, she was curved and full-breasted. The belly she held her hands protectively against was perfectly rounded, perfectly pregnant. Only the hormones of childbearing made a Dailon bloom like that. She stared up at Maeve and Coldhand with stark terror in her wide black eyes, but did not recoil. Much as she feared them, she feared something else more. The girl crawled to her knees and held her hands out to Maeve imploringly.
"Help me!" she wailed. "Please, they'll take my baby! You've got to help me!"
Coldhand had come no closer, still standing some distance away, slowly drawing his laser pistol. He was staring at the women. Maeve could read nothing of his thoughts. She hauled herself gingerly to her feet, bruised ribs protesting the fall loudly, and helped the girl to her feet.
"Who are you afraid of? Who would take your child?"
"My Sisters," she answered, holding her blue hands protectively over her stomach. "Please, they're coming! You can't let them take me back!"
Maeve looked to Coldhand. He stared back at her for a short moment and then nodded curtly.
"Back here," he instructed, motioning to the alleyway their brawl had just exited.
Cradling her unborn baby, the girl followed Coldhand's instruction. Hunter and mark followed close behind her. Coldhand beckoned her back behind the bin where he had found Maeve only minutes ago.
"Now stay low and stay quiet," he said. She bit her lip and nodded, almond-shaped black eyes shining with frightened tears. "Stay here until I tell you to move. You'll be safe."
Coldhand's voice was low and soothing. The girl nodded and huddled behind the trash, obedient as a gentled colt.
There were shouts in the street and they were approaching quickly. "Kessa, come here! Come on home, girl!"
The owners of the voices came quickly into view. There were a dozen women, all in rough, bright-colored street garb. Each wore a red band of cloth around their right arm painted with an elongated blue triangle, point up. Brazenly, they brandished nanoknives in their hands or on their belts. The surface of the blades swam like oil on water as the nanites busily maintained the weapons' molecule-fine edge. The women swaggered down the sidewalk, calling and laughing to one another. Sky and ground cars raced past the armed gang, not slowing until they vanished around safely distant corners.
Maeve was caught off guard, almost falling again, when Coldhand leaned against the graffiti-caked wall and pulled her on top of him. The bounty hunter pushed his Talon pistol into her hand and leaned close.
"Rape me," he whispered, urgent but not panicked.
"What?" Maeve gasped. "Are you mad?"
"Do it. Quickly."
They were close now. Within seconds, the strutting women would be close enough to see Maeve and Coldhand. She jammed the barrel of the Talon-9 up under Coldhand's chin. With a sharp jerk, she finished the work of her first needle slash and tore away the Prian man's shirt. There was a thick, knotted scar in the center of his chest, about the length and width of one of her fingers. That must have been the wound that took his first heart, his real one. Maeve had to stretch up onto her toes to grab Coldhand by the throat.
There was raucous laughter and jeering cheers as the gang caught sight of them. The ragged collection of women stopped at the mouth of the alleyway, holding their nanoknives aloft and howling at her in vicious approval. One of them, a tall Ixthian missing three of her fingers on her knife hand, whistled approvingly.
"Don't bleed him too much yet," she said, smirking at Coldhand. The Prian made an impressive show of trying to turn away, looking ashamed. "Lose too much and he won't do you any good, eh?"
"You like them ugly, don't you?" another Sister asked. She thrust her hips suggestively. "Careful with that one, he might be metal down below, too!"
Maeve smiled thinly at the poor joke. "Nothing will remain to him, metal or otherwise, when I am finished," she announced.
"Just make sure to clean up when you're done," the Ixthian said. "Don't leave boy-trash on my streets!"
Maeve nodded in reply. Laughing and hooting, the women continued down the road, their search momentarily forgotten as they loudly commended Maeve's conduct. Their voices faded into the distance as they resumed looking for their willfully lost sister. Not a word of derision for the bird-back intruder. Little as they regarded Arcadians, these women clearly thought even less of men. Maeve leaned heavily against Coldhand, the gun still pressed into the soft spot under his jaw.
"Ja'hiraa ilvae," she whispered. It would be so simple.
The Sisters would say nothing. There would be no witnesses. For a year, Coldhand had hunted her. Thousands of cenmarks poured into nanite surgery, days guarded in a hospital bed for the injuries this man had lavished on her. Yet he had never captured her, never killed her. Maeve's gaze wandered to a pale line across Coldhand's shoulder. That scar was hers, left by her spear early in his chase. He had almost as many scars from their skirmishes as she did.
Almost.
It could all end right now. Maeve tightened her finger on the Talon's trigger. It could all end now. Just pull the trigger and then She flipped the gun in her small hand and offered it back to Coldhand. He took the Talon quickly and thrust it back into the long holster on his belt.
"They're gone," he called back into the alley.
The girl, Kessa, tumbled from her hiding place. She lurched forward and awkwardly threw her arms around the pair, sobbing her hysterical thanks.
"We cannot leave her here. The Sisters will find her if she remains," Maeve said.
Coldhand nodded in mute agreement. They looked at each other over the Dailon girl's head with narrowed eyes. Ice blue and storm gray, neither one relenting or forgiving. Their battle had been interrupted, but not forgotten.

Chapter 3:
The Blue Phoenix

"Life is one journey in which we hope never to reach the inevitable destination."
- Hadrian proverb

"Put up, damn it! Put those things away," Tiberius yelled. "Gripper, get down from there!"
Hesitantly, Xia lowered the pair of small laser pistols a couple of inches and Duaal resheathed his cheap costume sword. Gripper was still clinging to the ceiling, eyes squeezed closed and quivering with terror. In his fear, the Arboran had dug his claws deep into the Blue Phoenix's fibersteel bulkheads. Tiberius sighed. It was going to take hours to plane out the deep gouges.
"What's he doing here? What's going on?" Gripper squeaked. "Is it over yet?"
The target of the crew's hostility was still standing in the airlock. Logan Coldhand seemed unfazed by the frightened, violent greeting. He stood beside Maeve. A young Dailon woman sobbed between them.
"Princess, get that girl away from Coldhand," Tiberius growled, pointing a thick, calloused finger at Coldhand.
The hunter narrowed his eyes. Maeve took the blue-skinned girl by the arm and led her away from the bounty hunter.
One problem at a time. His first mate had brought several of them, as usual. There was a heavy thump as Gripper dropped to the floor and sidled nervously over to Maeve, hunkering behind her for protection. In less volatile a situation, Tiberius would have laughed uproariously to see the huge Arboran trying to hide behind a fairy less than a quarter his size. Gripper awkwardly patted the weepy Dailon girl on the shoulder.
"It's okay. You're safe now," Gripper said, looking at Tiberius. "She is, right? We're not going to let Freezer get her, are we?"
"I'm not after the girl," Coldhand said.
"Then why are you?" Gripper tried to ask.
Tiberius waved him into silence. He didn't want to know the answer. Prians were not known for tact or grace, and Coldhand was worse than most. Prianus was hundreds of light years from the nearest Alliance outpost. Little trade and no military presence made Prianus a poor, unimportant and unprotected world. As a result, few Prians managed to journey off world. Those who did were generally considered backwater hicks with little education and less class. Only the rimworlders were less welcome in the civilized parts of the galaxy.
Coldhand wasn't doing much to correct that unfortunate view, Tiberius reflected sourly as he took in the younger Prian's appearance. No shirt, the waist of his pants torn open and blood drying on his bare stomach, streaked with something black and sticky. Tiberius smelled the heavy, oversweet scent of Vanora White. Tiberius had been a cop on Prianus too long and arrested too many chem dealers to mistake that smell.
"What in the blazing hells are you doing here?" Tiberius asked in frustration.
Coldhand raised a blond eyebrow. "Cavainna might use Kessa as cover to get back off of Axis. I'm here to make sure that she doesn't. When I leave, Cavainna's coming with me."
"That's not what I'm asking," Tiberius said. "What are you even doing on Axis? You shouldn't be here for another day, at least!"
Coldhand shrugged. He was still watching Xia and Duaal, attentive but not at all afraid. They stood to either side of the airlock, hands on or near weapons should the bounty hunter so much as twitch towards his Talon-9.
Tiberius drummed his fingers on the stubby stock of the gun rigged under his arm. It was a heavy, old-fashioned null-inertia gun, operating on much the same principles as ancient gun designs but helped along by an NI field. Decades ago, such guns had been the height of efficiency and modern weaponry. But then producers like Starwind had perfected the laser. The new guns were smaller, lighter, more accurate and could fire hundreds of shots before requiring a recharge. Lasers had turned the NI gun into an antique.
Old and outdated. Just like me, Tiberius thought. He was too old for this rambunctious young crew and their riot of conflicts and problems.
What now? Maeve was supposed to be good at keeping things running smoothly! For two years now, the Arcadian had been his first mate. She had never shown much interest in discussing her own history, but Tiberius managed to pry enough out of her to learn that somewhere in her shadowy life, she had held at least one command position on her homeworld and been passing fair at it. But Maeve wasn't the wise second in command that Tiberius had hoped for. From day one, she had brought little fortune and a lot of trouble. Today was no exception. Not only the bounty hunter that tracked her like a hunting hawk, but a pregnant girl, too. So much for a quiet trip and an easy getaway. Tiberius ceased his irritated tapping and pointed at Maeve.
"Why did you bring that girl here?" he asked.
"You would not understand my reasons," Maeve answered. But the slight waver in her voice suggested that she didn't entirely understand, either.
"Whoever this girl is, I'm willing to bet good colour that there's going to be trouble for having her on board. We're not waiting around to see," he snapped. "You brought her, princess, so you get her strapped down. We're getting this bird in the black and then, when we're safe, you're going to tell me what in the worlds you were thinking."
"No one has followed us. Your beloved ship is safe," said Maeve, but Tiberius was no longer listening.
"And you," he continued, turning to point at Coldhand. "You're staying here until I figure out what's going on. Xia, search and disarm him. Then take him to one of the extra rooms and lock him in. We're taking off in five minutes."
"Disarm him?" Xia exclaimed incredulously.
"My Raptor's" Coldhand began at the same time. He fell silent, unwilling to reveal anything to his enemies.
Tiberius regarded him without pity. Bloody, shirtless and reeking of drugs. God above, what did the galaxy need with his sort? Bounty hunters were no better than the criminals they hunted. Worse, sometimes. They could all fall dead, for all Tiberius cared.
"Duaal!" he called, turning away.
"Already on it, captain!"
Duaal dashed up the stairs and vanished into the ship. A moment later, the Blue Phoenix rumbled, the deck vibrating as the engines charged. Triggered from the cockpit, the cargo bay airlock hissed, cycled and slid shut. The intercom clicked on.
"She's warmed up and ready for you, captain," said Duaal's voice through the speakers. "I've already put in for liftoff."
Xia had stepped up behind Coldhand and was gingerly patting him down. She took his Talon, holding it as though she restrained a particularly dangerous snake. When she had laid it aside, Xia unbuckled and removed the entire belt holster, including a small radio and a pair of dangling handcuffs.
"He's clear, I think. But what are we doing? This isn't a prison ship. We can't hold him!"
"If we put him back out there on Axis, he'll just jump back into his Raptor and follow us," Tiberius told her. "We can't kill him. Bounty hunters are filth, but what they do is at least marginally legal. It'd be murder to just burn him."
"I am not certain of your power to kill this man." Maeve stood to one side, holding a wing arched protectively around Kessa. "Even disarmed, he is dangerous."
Tiberius frowned at her. "Get out! I said to get the girl belted down."
Maeve didn't respond. Coldhand's jaw was clenched tightly, but he showed no other sign of anger or fear at his capture. Xia pointed one of her shiny pistols at the bounty hunter and directed him up the steps that led from the cargo bay to the rest of the Phoenix. Maeve watched him go before taking the Dailon girl firmly by the arm and leading her away. Tiberius went the other way, up to the front of the ship.
Duaal was waiting for him in the cockpit. The boy's hands hovered, eager and ready, over the glowing display before him. He had traded his silver-stitched sword belt for the plain safety harness of the copilot's chair. Tiberius sat down heavily in the pilot's seat beside Duaal.
"Get us disengaged," Tiberius said.
Duaal nodded and punched three buttons on the ceiling panel. A deep boom rang through the ship as the mooring clamps unlocked. The black- and orange-striped mechanical arm grasped the Phoenix, carried it along a massive rail to a wide circular hatchway and then set it down on an elevator platform. The hatch grated open, flooding the cockpit in bright silver starlight, but the automated lift plate was still. It did not push them any closer to the surface.
"I thought you said you requested takeoff," Tiberius said.
"I did!" Duaal protested. "But the wait time is a couple of hours."
Tiberius flicked a switch and opened a radio channel to control tower. "Axis Control, this is the civilian bird Blue Phoenix requesting immediate departure," he said. There was an answering burst of static.
"Midnight push is on, Blue Phoenix," responded a staccato female Ixthian voice. "It's going to be few hours before we can get you into the black."
The channel popped and then went silent. True to the controller's words, the starlit sky was full of ships landing and taking off, swarming like a hive full of fibersteel bees. A long, sleek chromite Hyzaari skimmer buzzed low, dipping beneath a lumbering Starwind Enterprises freighter. Tiberius didn't know the details of whatever kind of trouble Maeve and Coldhand had brought with them, but he had no intentions of leaving his bird on the ground while he found out.
"Control, this is the Blue Phoenix. We need to get flying immediately," he said.
"Blue Phoenix, this is Axis Control," replied the same clicking, crisp Ixthian voice. "Everyone needs to lift off immediately. I'm sure your business is pressing, but so is everyone else's. Wait your turn."
"Control" Tiberius began, but the frequency fell silent and dead once again.
He slammed his fist down on the radio panel. The lights flickered, dimmed then resumed their defiant red glow. The Phoenix was accustomed to her captain's less than gentle attention. Tiberius looked over at Duaal, who waited somewhat more patiently, rolling a crystal bead from the hem of his coat between his fingers.
"So I suppose we're waiting," he said.
"Like hells! That girl has the look of the lower levels. God only knows what might be chasing her up from down there. I'm getting out of here before whatever it is finds her."
Tiberius punched the ignition. The engines ceased their sleepy rumbling and roared to life. Duaal grinned as he grabbed at the arms of his chair. Tiberius slammed the lift pedal to the floor, throwing pilot and copilot against their seats and kicking up a storm of loose blastphalt and engine soot. The Blue Phoenix hurled itself off of the ground, into the air and up towards the waiting stars.
The runstrip lights flicked from steady blue to an angrily flashing red as the Blue Phoenix pressure suddenly left the plates. Unapproved takeoff.
The communications panel was a riot of flickering indicators. "Ah, so now they want to talk to us," Tiberius said.
Hydraulics grated in the Blue Phoenix's stubby wings as they rotated in deep-set sockets, turning the blasting engines away from the ground and towards the tail of the ship. The transition lurched the starship into a stomach-churning dip. Tiberius yanked back on the control yoke and pulled the Phoenix's nose back up. Outside, the landing field was a raucous symphony of blaring alarms and proximity warnings as Tiberius shot over larger carriers' bows and slipped under their bellies. Klaxons whined from the runstrip and control spires, all ablaze with strobing red warning lights.
"Clench your asses," Duaal cried over the ship intercom. "Our captain is taking us up!"
"By the Great Green, I thought that had to be you flying, Shimmer! Can we go back for my guts?" Gripper's small, plaintive voice came through the speaker.
The ventilation system grated out a strained groan as it struggled with the pressure change. Tiberius winced. Their hasty departure had not given Gripper time to fix the air recycling system.
"We've got contacts, captain," Duaal cried. "Four of them riding us close!"
A circular display showed a storm of blue and green indicators scattering in their wake, ships milling in confusion as their crews tried to recover altitude and adjust their courses. Four of the scarlet dots broke from the pack and raced after the gold marker of the Phoenix. Duaal turned on another display. It flickered and lit up with a hazy video feed from the rear of the ship. It showed only the swirling pewter of predawn clouds as they shot through Axis' atmosphere. Tiberius glanced down at the screen.
"Where are they?" he asked.
Before Duaal could answer, a ship punched through the clouds, then two more, followed closely by the fourth, all flying in tight formation. Each was a sleek silver blade under Axis' brilliant starscape, like soaring nanoswords. They were narrow and angular, with cockpits pressed forward into the nose to keep the pilot well away from the powerful engines.
Tiberius fixed his attention on the weapons nestled under the four fighters' shiny, back-swept wings. Pulse cannons, by the foreshortened, rounded look of them. The electromagnetic burst would do minimal damage to his bird, but burn out all of the electronics. The Axis fighters must have been equipped with clamps and cables to keep the dead ships from simply tumbling back onto their planet. Standard police equipment and procedure, Tiberius thought. Ironic. He never thought he would be on the receiving end of those magclamps.
The fighters split off into pairs and gunned their engines to swoop in alongside the Blue Phoenix. Every screen in the cockpit crackled and went black, then lit up with the same image as the lead fighter blasted their com frequency and overrode the displays. It was a Lyran, age and gender obscured by the hose-bearded mask that covered the long muzzle.
"Civilian transport Blue Phoenix, power down and prepare to be escorted back to the ground," said a deep, growling voice over the intercom. It was distinctly male and distinctly annoyed. "If you comply, you will only be charged with traffic disruption. Your ship will be impounded and you will be fined."
Tiberius raised one hand from the control yoke long enough to clench it in a fist. He raised his thumb and smallest finger at the Lyran. Fly off. Even if the other pilot wasn't familiar with Prian obscenities, he understood enough to cut his transmission.
"And you call me stupid," Duaal commented mildly.
"Impound? No one takes my bird," Tiberius said.
"So how're we getting out of this? They do outnumber us just a bit. And have more weapons. And probably are in better repair"
Tiberius toggled up the superluminal console. Duaal whooped and flipped on the shipwide intercom again. "All hands, hold on to something! We're flying in fire!" he crowed.
The Phoenix crested the shining orb of Axis and turned up towards the bright yellow sun. The polarized viewport saved them from the worst of the sudden glare, but Duaal still threw an arm across his face. Sweat beaded on Tiberius' brow and stung his eyes, but he only squinted and moved his thick old fingers over the controls. The ship thrummed and shook as he cycled up the superluminal engines. Again, the monitors skipped and the Lyran growled at them over the connection.
"Blue Phoenix, disengage your engine. What are you doing?" he snarled. "You can't use your SL engines in system. Do you want to tear your ship apart? Spin down!"
"Just a short hop from the nest," Tiberius said. "Don't you worry about us."
"What do you think it's going to buy you, human, even if you can make the jump?" the Lyran fighter pilot snapped. "You're nosed right at the sun! You can't fly through it. Damn it, just spin down!"
"Better dead than grounded."
"Blue Phoenix!"
Tiberius flipped up the ignition cover and punched the button. In a flash and lurch, the Phoenix jumped. The searing light of Axis' sun filled every viewport, eclipsing all else from view. The computer made a high-pitched chirp and cut the engines less than a second after the jump began, just before the ship could tip over into the sun's massive gravitational field and be crushed by the titanic forces. Great looping streams of plasmic hydrogen and helium coiled through the sun's corona, burning with blinding light like the flame of a celestial dragon. Shields slammed down over every viewport on the ship as the radiation readout jumped into the red.
The Blue Phoenix lived up to its name. The hull began to glow an angry scarlet as the star's heat enveloped it in a deadly tide of primal fire and then it burst into sapphire blue flame. The shielding crackled but held, unbroken by the stellar heat. Tiberius smiled and patted the consoles. The Blue Phoenix was a good old ship.

Chapter 4:
Sibling Rivalry

"In the Lyceum, the voices of all civilized worlds are like a choir of children beautiful, provided you can get them to stop squabbling and actually sing together."
- Annu Marth, Hyzaar representative (125 PA)

With a population of over a trillion across thirty-six worlds, the Alliance was spread thin. Need sent the CWA from star to star, searching out the means to support its steadily rising population. Driven by too-long travel times between the worlds, scientists and engineers of the Central World Alliance wondered at the technology to propel ships at superluminal speeds. Faster-than-light engines were simple enough prospects, but at such speeds, mass became a problem. As predicted by physical laws, the closer a starship came to the superluminal threshold, the more effectively massive it became. When the inertia of the ship and its contents were too great, the engines lacked the ability to propel them. Simulations of newer, more powerful engines were not promising.
The answer to the prayers of physicists and shipbuilders alike came in the form of the newly-founded Starwind Enterprises and their null-inertia technology. Through a clever trick of quantum mechanics, NI fields reduced the effective mass of everything within them to nothing. But interactions between NI shielded mass and normal matter proved to be sometimes problematic. In theory, anything inside the field had no mass and should have been slid effortlessly through unshielded matter. But in practice, interactions with most normal mass matter tended to rip testing probes back into subluminal speeds, usually in pieces. Physics could not be quite so easily tricked, it seemed. So superluminal travel became a viable option only for interstellar travel  not inside a stellar system. These systems were too full of planets, comets, asteroids and other debris simply packed too close together to be navigated.
Despite their imperfections, null-inertia fields were an overnight sensation in the Alliance. Starwind stockholders quickly became the richest men and women in the galaxy. Since the affected objects had no mass, they were nearly immune to the effects of gravity. NI fields were incorporated into all manner of technology, from replacing wheels on vehicles to reducing the firepower required by projectile weapons. Expensive hair accessories even utilized tiny NI fields to aid the fashion-conscious in their pursuits of ever more wild and imaginative stylings. Of course, only those who had first funded the technology could afford such things.
______

The Blue Phoenix burned in the sun's corona for the better part of the morning before Tiberius would consider venturing out of the shielding plasma for a quick scan around. Radiation from Axis' sun made it impossible to make even the most basic sensor sweep, but that same concealment hid the Phoenix and its crew from the Axis fighters. The hull still rippled with blue fire and the crew waited.
With Duaal in tow, Tiberius stumped down into the crew lounge. It was a round room in the belly of the ship, circled with circular viewports, all covered for the moment by thick illonium radiation shielding. Duaal followed his grumpy Prian captain to the scuffed dinner table.
Though he had flown with Tiberius the longest, at eighteen CSYs, Duaal Sinnay was the youngest member of the Blue Phoenix crew. For all his youth, Duaal was a powerful and rare specimen, if he did say so himself. Practitioners of magic were found exclusively on the outer rim worlds of the galaxy. There were fairies of the old White Kingdom, the tree-like Jinn or the fearsome mystic drones of the Tower, but not humans. It was widely theorized that the Alliance races simply lacked the ability to learn their magic. Not a great loss, many felt.
How Duaal did so was a mystery even to Maeve, a fairy of the oldest family, the royal bloodline of the Arcadians! Magical studies were long and involved, requiring many years of dedicated schooling, much like the education of Ixthian doctors or the most skilled Lyran programmers. How such a young human had learned, Duaal never said. When he could help it, Duaal didn't even think about it.
The air circling sluggishly through the broken recycling system was hot and heavy and smelled of burning oil. Maeve sat silently on one of the acceleration couches and Duaal wondered if the white feathers stuck to her sweaty skin were uncomfortable. They looked itchy. Gripper waited beside her, his claws black with grease. Dirty engine oil streaked his heavy-browed, brutish-looking face. God, did he ever wash his hands?
"By the Great Green," Gripper ranted, gesticulating wildly with his long arms and grinning boyishly. "That was wicked fine, Claws. Right into the sun! You just about fried the SL engines jumping them like that, though."
The pregnant Dailon girl, Kessa, wandered a slow circuit of the room, staring in wonder. Her fear was subdued for the moment as she drank in the ship, the strange crew and their miraculous escape. Duaal surreptitiously combed his fingers through his golden hair. He wasn't particularly interested in women at the moment, but it never hurt to make a good impression.
"We'll need a new coat of phenno," Tiberius said. "We don't have a replacement for the one we're burning now."
"Phenno?" Kessa asked timidly.
"Phennomethylln," Gripper said. "That's what's keeping most of the heat and radiation out right now, or we'd get cooked inside the ship!" His sudden claw gesture suggested something more like an explosion than cooking and Kessa flinched.
"It's been profoundly useful for all sorts of protection, but the Lyceum hasn't quite approved its use yet. Phenno is a protein secreted by the Nnyth. It protects them from heat and radiation and the like when they fly in space," said Xia.
"Fly in space? Without ships? But that's impossible."
Maeve slapped her hand down on the tabletop with a loud noise. "Coreworld arrogance has no bounds! Whatever you can make no sense of, you call impossible. For generations have your kind told stories of fairies and angels and enchanted trees, yet when we were found in your own stars, you recoiled!"
Kessa did exactly as Maeve described and backed away, frightened again. Xia cleared her throat.
"The phenno isn't really made to withstand the kind of stress it's under now. It's not meant to be used the way we do. That's why it's burning," Xia said. "The Nnyth only make short swipes down toward stars. They don't sit in the corona for hours."
"Burning? Will it all burn off? Away?" asked Kessa.
"No. At least, not for a while. The heat from the sun out there has crystallized the phenno. It'll hold for about three days in this kind of heat before it finally burns out. But even if we left now, as soon as we leave the sun's corona and head back into space, it will freeze and start chipping off. We'll need more." Xia flicked her long fingers, as though chipping the frozen phenno off an imaginary ship.
A sun blazed just outside, right on the other side of the shielding. Sweat trickled and itched down between Duaal's shoulder blades. Maeve really didn't have it so bad with those wings, he decided. Feathers were much lighter than anything in his wardrobe. The price of fashion was high. He shifted his long coat, the embroidered hem sweeping over the deck plating with a soft chiming sound.
"I locked Coldhand in one of the spare rooms," Xia said, looking pointedly at Tiberius. "Number six."
"What're you planning to do with him?" Duaal asked, more to distract himself from the sweltering heat than out of any real curiosity.
Tiberius rubbed his rough cheek, considering. "There're other things that need consideration before we figure out what to do with Coldhand," he said and then turned on Maeve. "Princess, who is this girl and what in the name of God were you thinking when you brought her onboard my bird? We've shot three thousand cen getting off planet. The Axis police aren't too pleased with us, either. I'll be damned if I'm going to stay hooded as to why!"
"Not that you ever pay for the phenno," Xia pointed out mildly. "Xyn owes you everything."
"I told you that we were not followed," said Maeve. "Your waste of phenno by no fault of mine."
"We'll see. Tell me what happened," Tiberius insisted.
He glared and then drummed his fingers on his thick, hairy forearm as Maeve recounted the story of Kessa's appearance. Duaal's mind wandered as she spoke. She and Coldhand had been fighting again, of course. He glared at the Arcadian. Maeve had turned one of the chairs around and sat with her arms crossed over the back. She couldn't very well sit normally with those wings behind her, Duaal supposed. Damned creatures just couldn't fit in anywhere in the core. Whatever stupid war had driven them from their White Kingdom in the first place was over now, wasn't it? Why didn't they just go home?
Maeve was pretty enough. Was that why Tiberius put up with her? Duaal doubted it. Orphia was the only woman in Tiberius' life. When she had first joined the Blue Phoenix crew, Maeve had stirred Duaal's interest, but it died quickly. Her quarters were littered with empty needles and narcohol bottles. The fairy herself was in little better repair. It was an unlovely scene.
Duaal took a chair across from Maeve and kicked his silver-buckled boots up onto the table. He glanced around the table with disgust. Why had Tiberius taken any of them onboard? Things had been so much better before, when it was just the two of them. Before Xia and her mothering, before Gripper and his naive, whining questions, before Maeve and the psychotic monster of a bounty hunter that stalked her. What did Tiberius see in the ragged little band of oddities and rejects? Who needed them, anyway? They could run the ship, just the two of them
"The Sisters?" Xia was asking. Duaal shook his head and tried to focus.
"I have heard some tales of the Sisterhood before," Maeve said.
Of course you would have, Duaal thought cattily. They were a horrid gang of women. The princess would be in her element with them, abusing men and chems alike.
"This Sisterhood is considerably more than a street-roving gang. They are spread over many worlds," Maeve said. "Their tenets state that women, as the creators of life, are natural superiors to men. For many members of the Sisterhood, their doctrine may be expressed simply by never marrying or by becoming a dominant partner when they do. For others"
She trailed off with a shrug. The tale of her staged rape of Coldhand, told less than an hour earlier, was apparently enough to finish the explanation.
"Are there a lot of them?" Gripper asked nervously.
"By all I have seen and heard, their influence stretches across the core. Thinly, perhaps, but considerably further than our own. Logan Coldhand could tell you more about them, I suspect. His actions on Axis suggest insight into their ways."
"I'll talk to him later," Tiberius growled. "I've got some other questions to get answered first."
"Such as what we're doing out here," said Xia. She hurried on. "Not that I would ever object to protecting one who needed it. But we did lose the only work I found. Flying some samples out to Denron, I think."
"Work? What? You did?" Duaal asked, surprised. He thought he had watched the Ixthian's every move on Axis while they were buying supplies. Focus, Duaal! he chided himself.
Tiberius was frowning and rubbing his jaw again. It was already dark with a day's gray stubble. Duaal could practically hear the gears turning in the old Prian's head.
"You don't really seem the type to join a street gang, Kessa," Tiberius said at last. Bluntly, Duaal noticed. "You're way too fragile and weepy. What's going on?"
The Dailon girl burst into fresh tears at Tiberius' question. Xia rounded the table to squeeze Kessa's shoulder comfortingly. Maeve raised a black eyebrow at the captain's tactlessness. As if she was any better! Duaal rolled his eyes. This was going to take ages if Kessa couldn't get a hold of herself. Tiberius was right. She was hardly the Sister's type.
"I know, I know!" Kessa wept into her hands. They all had to lean close to catch the words. Her words were frequently interrupted by hiccuping sobs and honking into fistfuls of towels from the dispenser over the sink.
"I know I'm not very brave or strong like the other Sisters! Dad left us Herra and me. She was my sister, my older one. God, she was so mad when he went! Herra took us both to the Sisterhood. She always looked out for me when things got bad with the Sisters. She always told me to just wait it out, that everything would get better soon.
"So I did. I stayed back and waited one day while Herra and some of the others went out to get men. They went up against one of the other gangs. It it was bad. Herra didn't come back. But they brought back another Dailon. They cuffed him up and kept him in the back so so the other girls could use him. He used to cry at night after they hit him. His name was Vyron. Fethru, I think his line name was. That was about a year ago.
"I felt so sorry for him. I would bring him part of my dinner if no one was looking. Sometimes we got to talking, when no one was around. Vyron was a nice man, and very smart. I liked him and he seemed to like me pretty well. After a while, I even did things with him that the other women did. But with us, it was better. He said he really liked it when it was with me."
Here, Kessa blushed a deep violet and touched her fingers to her rounded stomach. So this prisoner, Vyron, was the baby's father. Where is he now? Duaal wondered. At least Kessa was calming down a bit as she told her story.
"I wanted to let Vyron go. I told him so, but I didn't say it to anyone else. I was scared of what the other women would do if they thought I was soft on a male. Even if they didn't just kill me for that or for letting one go, they would throw me back out on the street. And that was as good as execution! Vyron said he understood, that he loved me and didn't want me to get hurt for him. I didn't like it, but there was nothing I could do.
"Vyron was around for about four months, I think, when some other men came for him. His gang, the ones the Sisters attacked when they first caught Vyron. They killed four Sisters during the fighting and lost three of their own. But they got Vyron. I was out using some of the money the other girls stole to buy food. They told me about the whole thing later.
"I guess I wasn't as upset as they thought I should have been. I missed Vyron, but I was happy that he was safe. I think that's when they started getting suspicious. And I was pregnant I didn't realize it until Vyron was already gone. We're not allowed to get shots to stop that in the Sisterhood. Mothering is really, really important to them. So all of the girls started getting excited that they might have a new Sister.
"So I got scared all over again. What if it's a boy? They'd kill him! And if it's girl, she'd just grow up hating her father " Kessa sobbed again at the prospect. It was a minute or two before she could finish her story.
"So I ran away. It didn't take them long to find out I was gone and start chasing me. I was trying to get away when I ran into her," she said, pointing at Maeve. "And the man with the old-fashioned metal hand. I guess you know everything else."
Duaal looked at Tiberius.
"I see," the captain grunted and scratched his rough cheek.
Everyone waited.
By God, it was hot. Duaal tugged at his collar. Sweat streamed down his face, into his eyes and blurred his vision. He blinked it away. The others awaited Tiberius' verdict. None of them seemed to notice Duaal's intense discomfort. He didn't know whether to be annoyed at their inattention or relieved that his salty situation went unseen. Did they care at all? Or was Duaal simply too composed, too stoic? Maybe he had them all fooled.
Tiberius folded his arms over the scratched plastic table and peered at Kessa. The pregnant girl fidgeted in her seat, clearly aware that her fate hung in the balance. He spoke at last.
"Never had any children myself. Things were always too busy to settle down with a dove and have some little ones. But it seems to me that if I did, I would want the best for them. I can't very well fault you for the same, Kessa." Tiberius snorted and slapped an irate hand down on the tabletop. "Besides, I've already flown away from Axis, made an ass of myself to the police and burnt off thousands of cen in phenno getting you out! I'd look a damned fool if I were to just turn around and put you back. We may as well finish what we so stupidly started."
Gripper grinned in delight and Kessa's face lit up with slightly confused hope. Excited, she reached for Maeve to enfold her in a joyful hug, but the thanks died on her lips as the fairy flinched and pulled away. Kessa was crestfallen and then brightened again when Xia took her blue hands in her silvery ones.
"I'd like to give you an examination to see how well you and the baby are doing," Xia said with a smile. Kessa nodded.
Duaal looked away from the joyous faces. He stared at Maeve instead. This is your doing, he told her silently. Now, instead of paying work, they had a ward that Tiberius was just too proud to send back.
"Wait," Kessa said suddenly. "What about Vyron?"
"If I had my own," Tiberius answered, "seems like I would want my lady about to help with the baby. Wouldn't want to take care of a nest all by myself. We should find your hawk, if we can. We can fly you two someplace where you can have a little peace from that Sisterhood. Maeve said that your Sisters are on a lot of worlds, but Coldhand seems to know about them. I'll ask him if there's somewhere safe for you to go."
"Be careful!" Xia said urgently. "That man is dangerous."
Gripper nodded, agreeing emphatically with the Ixthian. "I don't call him Freezer for nothing! That guy is made of ice!"
"I will accompany you, captain." Maeve stood and replaced her chair. Tiberius seemed about to object, but only nodded. The pair vanished through the small door leading to the aft of the ship.
Gripper smiled at Kessa and gently took one of her blue hands in his claws. "Come on, let me show you the garden. It's the nicest place on the Blue Phoenix."
"A garden? On a ship?" Kessa stood and let herself be led away.
"Yeah! It's wired up high, so we can keep the cargo floor open for crates and stuff, but you can see it pretty well from the catwalks."
Gripper led the waddling girl away. Their excited babble faded away into dimly ringing echoes in the corridors. Duaal was left alone with Xia. She dropped down into one of the recently vacated chairs. The Ixthian doctor laced her six-fingered hands together and rested her chin on them.
"What is it?" Xia asked. Her eyes shimmered alternately blue and green. Duaal wondered how a species who displayed their mood so obviously could ever hide anything from each another.
"What is what?" he snapped. "Shouldn't you be off collecting honey or something?"
Short antennae twitched on Xia's forehead and her jewel-like eyes whirled an angry red. "Stop that. I'm your friend and saw your face. Something's bothering you."
Xia could be such a mother sometimes. But Duaal didn't remember his own. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad to have a mother, just for a little while.
"I don't know," Duaal said more quietly. He leaned back in his chair, balancing it on two legs. "We land to take care of business. And what does Maeve bring? More trouble. It just itches that Maeve keeps piling more and more on Tiberius. What good is she?"
"Where else could she have taken Kessa? Maeve's got nowhere to go but this ship. You know that. This was the only safe place she could go."
Duaal pulled his feet off the table. His chair thumped back down to the floor. "But that meant bringing Coldhand here, too. She should have lost him first."
"And risk fighting him off with a pregnant girl on her arm? You know he's better than Maeve is, even when she doesn't have someone else to protect. She had to stall, didn't she? Besides, all he managed to do was get himself caught. Coldhand is locked up now, away from his ship and his guns," Xia said. Her voice faltered a little, perhaps trying to convince herself that the Phoenix was, in fact, safe from Coldhand. "In a way, I suppose we should be grateful for Coldhand. Or at least, Kessa should be. An Arcadian taking a frightened girl through the streets of Axis? Maeve would've been stopped by the police of CWAAF." See-waff, she pronounced the acronym. "But because Maeve had a human with her, no one said a thing."
"I guess so, but I don't trust her. Or him," Duaal said, half to himself.
The Ixthian leaned in to catch his words. "You think that this might be some kind of trick? How? Coldhand couldn't have known that Kessa would run into Maeve."
"You know what I think?" Duaal burst out, kicking his chair back from the table. "I think that a half decent first mate wouldn't do this at all! She's supposed to make things better, not worse. She's nothing but trouble, and Tiberius just lets her stay!"
Xia sat back, her eyes darkening to a deep blue and pursed her lips.
"I just It should have been me," Duaal said at last, not looking up at Xia. "I was first. It used to be just Tiberius and me, you know. I was here when this ship was still just the Phoenix, before it was even the Blue Phoenix."
"I never asked about it," said Xia gently. "Everyone but Gripper was already here by the time I arrived. You were first, but how did a Hyzaari boy end up on an old Prian's ship?"
Cold.
Dark.
Duaal pulled his knees up to his chest, wrapping thin arms around them and shivering. Sparks danced before his eyes. Was it really dark? Or was he just blind? The child rocked back and forth on the hard floor, crooning to himself. It didn't matter, really. Blind or just condemned to live in darkness, at least he had escaped. Anything was better than than
"Two hundred eighty-eight days of light"
"I was on the ship when Tiberius bought it," Duaal recounted simply. His voice shook a little. No need to tell the whole story, was there? The details were best left alone. Xia reached to take his hands, to comfort him, but he kept them flat on the table. He studied the pinpricks of sweat on his dark skin as he spoke.
"I was hiding. I ran away. We were on Prianus and I found my way to an old shipyard. We were days out into the big black before he found me."
Duaal knew he should be quiet, silent as a stone, but it felt so good to hear his own voice, his own words. His own words, when he wanted to sing! But he knew only his master's songs Duaal's teeth chattered in the cold, surrounded by metal crates pulled together into a crude cave.
"Will be desired by a Night"
At first, he didn't hear the approaching footsteps. Only when Duaal quieted, trying to remember the words to the strange old song, the one his master sang so often, did he finally catch the heavy boots thudding on the deckplates. He tried to jump, tried to run and escape, but succeeded only in smashing his head into one of the crates above him. A big, rough-calloused hand caught Duaal by the scruff of the neck and hauled him into the light. The boy screamed and screamed, but was held fast. Duaal waited for the pain, but it never came.
"When Tiberius found me, he threatened to throw me out an airlock. But he never did. Instead, he gave me a room and told me that if I was going to fly with him, I was damned well going to pay my way. So he found me some work around the ship. After a while, he even started teaching me how to fly."
The corners of Xia's mouth twitch upward, but that was the extent of her commentary on his flying.
"It was just the two of us for a couple of years," he finished. "Until Tiberius found Maeve and made her first mate."
"Did you ever ask him why?" Xia asked. "A first mate manages a crew, but if there were only two of you, then what did he need Maeve for?"
"Hell if I know." Duaal shook his head and stood up, stretching. His jacket was soaked uncomfortably in sweat, his blond hair hanging in his eyes in damp locks. God, it was miserable. "I should check on the radiation readings. If the captain missed a bit of hull when he put the phenno on, something might be getting through. I don't feel like baking today."
Xia caught his sleeve as Duaal moved to leave. She looked like she wanted to say something else, but he pulled his arm from the Ixthian's grasp and made his way up to the cockpit to check on the instruments. He really didn't need a mother, after all. Tiberius was all the family he wanted.

Chapter 5:
Cold Heart

"I think the stars shine so bright in the sky to remind us to look up from the mud."
- Michael Cyrus, Prian police pilot (102 MA)

Not all worlds prospered equally under the Central World Alliance. One of these was the human planet of Prianus, shrouded in misty forests and chained all across its surface by long, jagged mountain ranges. Prianus had even fewer resources to offer than other Alliance worlds and was situated far from the galactic trade routes. Being of such little interest to the CWA, Prianus did not benefit very much from the cooperative efforts of the CWA.
Like every other founding world of the Alliance, Prianus was vastly overpopulated. Only the killing cold of the craggy mountains kept any of the planet wild. The cities were bursting with people. Life expectancy on Prianus was a full ten years shorter than on any other Alliance planet. Even before the founding of the CWA, death became an accepted part of Prian life, codified and evolved into a culture of ritualized dueling. The beloved birds of prey became prized weapons, painstakingly trained to fight to the death with both other raptors and humans alike. Such duels were reviled as barbaric by the rest of the CWA but remained a central tradition of Prian society.
Prianus' isolation did not end with trade and culture. CWAAF, the massive Alliance army, ignored the backwater planet as well. At its inception, the Core World Alliance raised its own conglomerate army, one large and powerful enough to  as chartered by the Lyceum  serve every member world. Claiming to prevent a dangerous draw on any one system's resources but quietly hoping to keep any single planet from accumulating the power to subjugate others, the member worlds of the CWA were forbidden to keep their own armies. The Prian delegates to the Lyceum objected strenuously to the decision, but were overruled.
As a result, the already dangerous Prianus became an open wound, a breeding ground for crime and corruption. Competition for the world's sparse resources was often uncontrollable. Prians stole what they could from one another to survive. Denied the right to raise their own army, the Prian government turned to their domestic police force to bring order to the world.
Overworked and underfunded, the Prian police had to find their own satisfaction with their jobs. Only the most dedicated men and women joined in the thankless, dangerous work of bringing safety to the wild world of Prianus. The badge of a police offer became a mark of honor and bravery, a modern knighthood of the highest moral code. New recruits willingly endured rigorous and often painful physical and psychological tests. Corruption and defection among the Prian police were virtually unheard of. Their devotion bred strong ties between officers and an even stronger sense of honor and duty. For two hundred years, the Prian police proudly brought the only measure of peace and order to their world.
______

Xia left him alone in the darkness. The blackness more efficiently bound Coldhand than any manacles could have. He had only one brief glimpse of the room as Xia had shoved him inside, leaving his improvised prison largely a mystery and little way to learn more about it. Feeling his way across the room with only his right hand was a painfully slow process. Now the bounty hunter sat on the corner of the room's single small bunk. Blankets and folded sheets were rough under the fingers of his right hand, muted and distant on the left.
Twenty percent.
Coldhand reached again through the murky darkness with his right hand. There was a jarring impact as his fingers hit against the wall sooner than expected, but he felt the smooth plastic of the door controls. They were deactivated, of course. If he was going to get the door open, he would need to get to the live wires behind the darkened, useless panel.
He felt around the edge of the control pane until he found the small indent in the wall, the repair access. Coldhand had no tools to properly remove the plastic panel, but figured that he could probably muscle the latch open. He wormed the fingers of his right hand into the indent and tugged. The pane didn't move. Coldhand tugged until his fingers throbbed and stung, but it held fast.
Twenty percent.
The fingers of his new hand were numb, cold and unfeeling. Unresponsive. Dead. The guitar screamed discordantly as it hit the floor. The broken strings curled like the legs of some dead insect. Jess stared in horror as the instrument fell, hands flying up to her mouth. Logan only watched in detached disinterest.
The cybernetic monstrosity that was his left hand would easily finish the job, Coldhand knew. The plastic seal was no match for the cybernetic servos. He clenched his mechanical hand, listening to the metal-on-metal clacking of his fingers. But he remembered the words of the white-masked surgeon. Only twenty percent feeling; that was the best the artificial nerves could manage. They were too unfeeling, too clumsy to pry off the control facing without snapping or shattering it. Once it was broken, there was no hiding his work from prying eyes.
How had he managed to get himself locked up by a band of barely armed civilians? It would have been illegal to simply shoot Kessa for interfering, but he didn't have to help the stupid girl and certainly didn't have to aid Cavainna in getting her to safety. So what was he doing on the Blue Phoenix?
Well, he was on the ship now. The hunt was far from over. The streets of Axis had been crowded, too busy to provide a good opportunity to bring down his prey. Cavainna might have escaped into the city-world. Better to corner her on her own ship.
It was a risky gamble. True, Cavainna had nowhere to run until the Blue Phoenix touched down. But here on her own ship, she would be twice as dangerous. She knew the old cargo hauler better than Coldhand did. When he got out of the room, chasing the fairy through the corridors would give her the distinct advantage. It would have been better to take his chances on Axis. He shouldn't have hesitated and would not do so again.
Coldhand brushed aside the pointless introspection. What was done was done. All that mattered now was resuming the hunt.
He sat back on the bunk. The fibersteel wall was cold against his bare skin. He was considering how to proceed when he heard footsteps outside. The lockpad was silent through the heavy door, but there was a warning chirp as one of his captors keyed it open. It slid open, hissing on old compressors. Green-tinged light from the fluorescents in the hall outside flooded the room, silhouetting Tiberius Myles in the doorway. Coldhand squinted against the sudden brightness and stood.
Whatever access code he had entered reactivated voice control over the light. At the older Prian's command, the bunkroom lit up. Coldhand blinked, but did not take his eyes from Myles. Behind him, Cavainna entered. The door slid shut once more.
"Sit down," the captain instructed, gesturing to a desk now visible on the other side of the room. A chair was bolted in front of it.
"I'll stand," Coldhand said.
Myles looked annoyed, but only shrugged. "We need to ask you" he began, but Coldhand wasn't interested in the old man's questions.
"Is this bird in the corona? Sinnay said something about fire over the com. Since you're still flying straight, he didn't mean weapon fire. You must be packing phenno. A lot of it," Coldhand said. It was hot, but not as hot as it should have been. The entire ship should have been melting.
Myles grinned proudly. "Damned right. Got us off the Axis scanners. The Phoenix has a phenno lacquer."
"Enough phenno to cover a ship must cost thousands. That's a lot of colour. You're still circling the sun, aren't you? Why?"
"I know little of the Sisterhood's influence in the Allied worlds," Cavainna said. "We do not know where to go yet."
The fairy spoke with a musical, formal cadence that Coldhand had never heard from any other species of the galaxy. Only the angelic Arcadians spoke with that archaic lilt, an accent considered laughably arrogant by the other species of the Alliance.
"Those damned police birds chased us halfway across the system. We had to hide here in the star. You're right, though. It's a lot of phenno and we'll have to go all the way to Stray to replace it," Myles grumbled. He shook his head and crossed the room to sit heavily in the chair Coldhand had declined. "The princess here says that you might know more about the Sisters. You have to tell us where we can go to get Kessa away from them."
"I don't have to tell you anything," Coldhand said, "except that you wasted a great deal of money."
Myles opened his mouth to retort, but Cavainna was faster. She lunged towards the bed and reached up to seize the hunter by the shoulder. Her dirty cheeks were flushed with rage.
"You will aid us, Logan," she hissed.
Cavainna's fingers tightened just under his collar-bone, digging her nails into his skin, but Coldhand felt the pain only distantly. A dull pressure with a few sharp points, nothing more.
Myles was standing again, his brow folded furiously. Coldhand caught Cavainna's hand in his metal fingers. She struggled but could not break his mechanical grip. Cavainna beat her long white wings once, but could not keep her feet. With a yank and twist, Coldhand locked her wrist and drove the fairy to her knees. A few dirty white feathers fell free as her wings slapped uselessly against the steel of the floor.
Coldhand looked down at her. Under the dirt, Cavainna was a beautiful woman, slim and well-muscled as a dancer. Yet she dressed in stained spacer's pants and a dirty, torn shirt, scuffed boots with knotted laces, all filthy. Her long, lustrous black hair hung in twisted tangles over her shoulders. Cavainna's face was recently washed, still damp and beaded with water at the hairline, but her eyes were dark and bruised.
She was so negligent of her own beauty, so uncaring. The hunter's gaze fell to Cavainna's contorted arm. The veins of her forearms were swollen and abused. Needle wounds at the joint of her elbow were barely scabbed over. This creature was little more than an animal, and a sick one at that. Why did she even fight for her own miserable life, much less that of the pregnant Dailon girl?
"Why do you care about any of this, Cavainna?" Coldhand asked with clinical curiosity.
The small fairy woman stared back defiantly from the floor, her hand still held twisted horribly in his cybernetic fingers. She bit her lip so hard against the pain that it was darkening with blood. She was just another broken thing protesting his touch, like the fallen guitar all those years ago. He tightened his grip on her imprisoned hand. Cavainna's eyes flickered with angry pain but she bit harder and refused to cry out. He should have felt her hand in his, the warm silkiness of a woman's skin, the heat of her blood rushing to her reddening fingers as he crushed them. But he felt nothing in his cybernetic fingers, nothing in his cybernetic heart.
Twenty percent.
There was a click. Coldhand looked up to see Myles pulling a thick null-inertia gun from the rig under his arm, thumbing off the safety. NI weapons were dangerous to carry on a ship flying in the vacuum of space. The heavy slugs could easily punch through the hull of the Blue Phoenix, venting precious oxygen to freeze uselessly in the subzero blackness outside. There was a sun outside to consider, too. The old man must have been very good, very certain of his aim, to even draw such a weapon on his ship, or else very stupid. Myles leveled the gun at Coldhand.
"Let go of her!" he bellowed.
Wresting the gun from the captain would mean losing his grip on Cavainna and giving her a chance to resume her attack. Coldhand released her. Another opportunity would present itself. He simply had to be patient.
Cavainna stepped back quickly, out of Coldhand's reach. The white skin of her hand was already darkening with bruises to match those around her lips. She flexed her injured fingers experimentally. Apparently content that no permanent damage was done, Cavainna shrugged and dropped the hand back to her side.
Myles frowned at her. "You're not helping anything, princess," he said. "Get out."
Cavainna scowled and then nodded curtly to Myles. Angry color still pricked her pale cheek. Stiffly, she turned on her heels and stalked out of the room.
"Princess?" Coldhand questioned with a raised eyebrow.
"So she says. Maeve's the last survivor of the Arcadian royal family." Myles grunted and sat down again. He kept his gun cradled loosely in his hand and aimed at Coldhand as he leaned back in the chair, back popping loudly.
"And you believe her?"
Myles shrugged his broad shoulders. "Why not? As I understand it, the black hair is a dead giveaway. Have you ever seen another Arcadian who wasn't blond? Maeve says it runs in the Cavainna family."
Coldhand shrugged. Hair could be dyed, but it didn't matter. Royalty or not, Cavainna was his mark. Still, it could be true, he supposed. She might even have come from the old White Kingdom. If so, Maeve Cavainna was at least one hundred years old. Unless she had been an infant at the time of the fall, she was probably even older than that.
None of the core world species had such long lives, even with the most expensive medical care. The canine Lyra survived only seventy years, white-furred and revered as elders at fifty. A human  one with a safer occupation than Coldhand's  might expect to see one hundred thirty years before cloned organs could no longer compensate for the deterioration of age.
But the rim world races lived for centuries. Some Arcadians were said to be a thousand years old or more. A rooted Jinn could live for millennia before finally withering. Of course, no one had any idea how long the Nnyth lived. Cavainna had surprisingly little self control for one who had lived so long, Coldhand thought.
Myles rested the gun on his knee, still aiming at Coldhand. "Well, do you know anything about the Sisterhood that might be useful?"
"Yes," Coldhand said. He had encountered the fanatical women too many times since leaving Prianus to be ignorant of them.
"Tell me, then. You're alone and you have no ship. If you tell me what you know, I'll take you back to your bird," Myles offered.
"I can kill you and your crew, then take this one," Coldhand countered. "I could pick up my Raptor and be one bird richer."
The Phoenix's captain glowered at him. "What the hell is wrong with you? Maeve said you helped her with Kessa. Why won't you help her now?"
"My business wasn't with her. I'm only interested in Cavainna."
"There isn't any profit in Kessa's death or her baby's," Myles said. "What would it cost you to help? Talk to me, damn it!"
The hunter was quiet. Tiberius huffed in frustration and stood, glaring at Coldhand. He began to pace, gesturing with his null-inertia gun. "God, back on the force, I wouldn't have to do this. I'm just a beat cop, not a detective!"
Coldhand started, staring at Myles. "You were a police officer? On Prianus?" he asked flatly.
"Police! Stop where you are!"
The command rang thin from the wet walls, fearful and frail. The alley was steeped in shadows, lit only in staccato beats by the red and green of the squad car's lights. Most of the dealers fled, vanishing into the deep Prian night. No one chased them. It wasn't the petty street sellers that the police were interested in. Logan stood, braced to fire, finger tight on the trigger of his gun.
"Sure was!" Tiberius said proudly. The old cop grinned and thumped the heel of his hand against his chest. "Flew in a wing team in my youth. The Blacktails. Then, when I got too old to chase anymore, I trained the hawks."
"Where?"
"Oak District." He sighed and combed his fingers through his short gray hair. "When I got too old for that, well, I was out on my ass. There's just never the money for a decent pension. I'd saved a bit. Not enough to retire on, but it was enough to hit the shipyards and pick up a new bird."
"This ship isn't Prian," said Coldhand.
Myles nodded. He paused in his pacing next to the door and patted a bulkhead affectionately. "No, but she was all I could afford. Brought in by a salvage team from the rim. She was half stripped for parts and I bought her for seventeen thousand. Cargo and all." A shadow passed over his face.
The ship captain was proud of his bird and eager to talk about her. He was giving away information like Docinia presents, more than Coldhand could ever have discovered on the Axis mainstream. How long he could keep the old cop talking?
"How did you buy a crew?" Coldhand prompted. Were they cheap? Could they be easily bribed? Or was there something else that bound them?
Something in his voice must have given him away. Myles blinked and scowled. "I think I've talked enough. If you're not going to be helpful, I'll go spend some time with Orphia before this whole thing makes me crazy. I'll be back later. Maybe you'll feel like talking then. I'll have Gripper bring you a shirt." He keyed open the door.
"And a datadex."
"What?" Myles turned in the doorway.
"Give me something to read. I don't care what it is."
"Fine. Clothes and a datadex," Tiberius consented. He left, leaving the lights on when he locked the door behind him.
An hour later, Gripper delivered the items Coldhand had requested. He handed the hunter a faded gray shirt with a starscape stenciled in cracking white paint. Coldhand pulled the shirt over his head. It fit loosely, clearly cut for a much larger man. It probably belonged to Myles.
Trembling so badly that he dropped it several times, Gripper handed his prisoner a worn datadex. The Still Wind, an old Prian classic, had been pulled up on the screen and was scrolled perhaps halfway through. The screen was scuffed and scratched, almost illegible, but Coldhand didn't care. He turned it over in his hands, illonium fingers clicking on the plastic. The pad was an older, heavier model, almost too thick for his needs. But it would do.
"Do you uh do you need anything else, Freezer?" Gripper asked in a quavering voice. He took a step back, flinching as Coldhand turned to answer him.
"How many people are on this ship?"
"Um, five," Gripper told him. "Me, Claws, Smoke, Silver and Shimmer. Uh, that would be me, the captain, Maeve, Xia and Duaal. I don't use their other names, you know?"
"No."
"Wait, what? No?" Gripper yelped, confused and afraid.
"No, I don't know," Coldhand said flatly. "Why the nicknames?"
"I we Arborans don't use formal names unless it's really, really important. You get named when you're born, but that's before anyone knows anything about you. I mean, Anandrou? That doesn't say anything about me, you know? But Gripper" He brandished his massive hand for emphasis. "I never let go of something once I'm on it. Not a hold or job. I never give up, right? Like once"
"Why do you call Cavainna Smoke?" Coldhand interrupted the Arboran's rambling.
"It seemed right, you know? She's bright and hot." Gripper blushed, realizing too late what he had said. "Not like that, see? She's really small compared to an Arboran girl. But she's really volatile. Smoke's a real temper. Real destructive, too, like fire."
"Then why not call her that?" Coldhand said.
"Because fire's still pretty. Super destructive, yeah, but beautiful. Smoke isn't," he said. The hunter arched a pale brow at that, but he rushed on. "No, really. And I don't mean just because she's so small or the wings or anything. Smoke's a mess. I worry about her a lot. Smoke stinks and makes you cough. Just ruins of something, this gray ghostly part. And uh she flies. Like smoke. Makes sense, right?"
Gripper made a ridiculous fluttering motion, approximating Cavainna's wings, and then fell awkwardly silent. Coldhand nodded. It made a juvenile sort of sense, but told him nothing of use. He picked up the datadex, keying down The Still Wind. Gripper stood awkwardly in the door for a moment, then turned on his knuckles and squeezed sideways out into the hallway. It locked behind him with a beep and a muffled clunk.
Once Gripper was gone, Coldhand crouched beside the door and slipped the corner of the pad into the dimpled wall under the access panel. He worked it carefully back and forth, and was rewarded with a quiet click as the panel swung open. Behind, the space between the bulkheads was filled with circuit boards and bundles of coiled wires. Coldhand was not an engineer. Rewiring the door would take some time and a great deal of trial and error, but the unbroken paneling would let him conceal his work from his captors. He had time.
Coldhand tugged on a length of red-sheathed wire. Five people on this bird, he thought as he began. Who was Orphia, then? More importantly, would she be a problem?

Chapter 6:
Smoke and Flame

"Sure, you can lift a gun, but I can lift a heart. So which of us has the greater gift?"
- Yinaal Devra, Hyzaari singer (780 MA)

Even with the invention of superluminal engines and their supporting NI fields, it took months for a starship to reach the rim worlds, those systems that lay on the outermost tips of the long, curved galactic arms.
When at last they arrived, what they found there shook the people of the CWA. While most were barren of life, like so many of the core worlds, not all were empty. Alliance explorers discovered three kingdoms in the outer reaches. First was the great star-hive of the wasp-like Nnyth, called The Tower by its inhabitants, as best CWA translators could guess. Then there were the lush, verdant planets of the equally inhuman Jinn. And, of course, the Arcadians' White Kingdom. They were creatures of legends, of dreams and of nightmares.
While the core world races raised starscrapers and factories of fibersteel and illonium, the cities on the rim were built of stone and wood, like the civilizations of old. The fairies even built with glass. Not the thick tempered stuff that gave Axis its mirror shine, but delicate, spiderweb-thin crystal in brilliant colors but which had much the same carbon content and strength of diamond. Their homes were filled with tall, open glass spires, sturdy and soaring as any starscraper in the Alliance.
Each of the distant kingdoms was isolated from the other two by immense stretches of space, but like the core worlds, they reached out to their neighbors. Rather than NI fields and SL engines, the outer kingdoms used vast constructs they called Waygates. How these gates functioned could only be understood as "magical" by the Alliance explorers, like so many other facets of rimworld life. They could no more fathom such magic than the Jinn and Arcadians understood quantum theory.
A mutual distrust sprang up between the core and rim. Each was utterly alien to the other. The outlandish rim kingdoms were not invited to join the CWA or to trade with their outposts. Neither did the three kingdoms attempt any further contact with the Alliance. A handful of Alliance missionaries ventured out in an attempt to convert the polytheistic pagan races to worship of the One God, but found no converts. After years of unrewarding work, they returned home, frustrated and particularly fearful of the Arcadian devotion to their triad gods and divine royal line. Within a decade, the religions of the outland kingdoms were outlawed in the CWA.
Twenty-one years later, tensions between the worlds were compounded by the fall of the Arcadian White Kingdom. Two million refugees, many wounded or dying, poured into the core from apparently thin air. Without warning, the Arcadians appeared by the hundreds of thousands on the five human worlds, where they were greeted with open hostility. There was no place in the CWA for the bird-backs, as they came to be called, no food and certainly no jobs. In the century that followed, sentiments changed very little.
______

Orthain Fyre stood at the entrance to the tent. He wore his long golden hair unbound, framing his flawless, beautiful face. The fine petal-shapes of his glass armor shone in the bright sun. The edges were picked out in delicate scrollwork of red and violet, the colors of his house. Beneath, visible through the glass plates, Orthain wore only the thinnest of silken wrappings to protect his pale skin. He was tall for an Arcadian, almost six feet, and could boast an impressive fourteen-foot wingspan to match.
Not that Sir Fyre would ever boast. Not Orthain Fyre, the perfect knight, humble and handsome. Maeve's heart fluttered like a startled dove at the sight of her teacher. How long had she been his squire? Forever, it sometimes seemed.
"Your time has come, Highness," Orthain said. "Aes has reached the pinnacle of her dance and waits, breathless, to behold your vows."
Maeve blushed and struggled to rise on trembling legs. Orthain reached out, his hand fine and lovely, unmarked despite more than two centuries of spearcraft. He led Maeve from the red and gold striped tent, still cradling her hand gently in his.
The tall audience stands bloomed with snapping pennons of every hue, dancing petals color in a bed of thousands of white Arcadian wings. In the back rows, Maeve caught sight of nyad blues and dryad browns and green. The assembled crowd sang their approval, thundering voices shaking the very air as Maeve appeared.
Orthain smiled at her and hummed softly. "Courage, Highness!"
One of her handmaidens, a pretty young nyad girl with pearls braided into her long cerulean hair for the occasion, scattered rose petals and curls of beaten gold on the grass before Maeve's feet. Orthain guided her across the field to a low flower-girded dais. In their birchwood thrones, worn smooth and polished by millennia of gentle hands, the king and queen of the White Kingdom smiled at Maeve. Their flowing gossamer robes were of Cavainna red and gold. Raven-haired Princess Beltain, Maeve's mother, stood beaming behind her brother's throne. In her arms, she cradled Maeve's infant brother. Even little Caith was reverently silent. The crowd quieted to a rustling whisper.
"Who stands for Maeve Cavainna, daughter of Princess Beltain and Sir Arlinn?" sang King Illain, slow and solemn.
"I do. Sir Orthain Fyre, my king, knighted by your own hand," Orthain answered. "By the stone of Erris All-Singer, she has proved herself to be of strong spirit. By the fire of Aes Cloud-Dancer, she has proved herself a fierce warrior. By the wind of Anslin Sky-Knight, she has proved herself to be fair and just."
Maeve drew herself up proudly. For fifty years, she had dreamed of this moment, toiling and training as Orthain's squire and student. Her father, Sir Arlinn, stepped forward to the dais, carrying a long, glass-bladed spear. His eyes glistened with unshed tears and he beamed at his daughter.
King Illain stood, taking his own spear from where it rested beside his throne. He thrust the blade out towards Maeve, who knelt to receive his blessing. She waited, but didn't feel the cool glass blade against her shoulder. Something was wrong.
No. It did not happen like this
Maeve looked up from the grass and stared up at her uncle, her king. His eyes rolled back, leaving only fluttering white crescents like shuddering moons. Blood dripped from the corners of his mouth. The spear in his hand had turned a sickly gray color and was weaving this way and that like a serpent.
Please, no. Leave me this. Do not take it from me.
A veil of dark clouds filled the sky, turning the sun into a flat iron-colored coin. Muttering from the assembled fairies rose to a terrible wail and then tore into agonized screams. Blood ran in ever-widening streams across the grass, joining and flowing together until Maeve stood ankle-deep in a rising flood of gore. The birchwood thrones were burning, filling the air with thick, acrid black smoke. Frightened, Maeve tried to spread her wings, to fly away from the spreading horror, but Orthain held her fast.
"Do not look, Highness," he murmured. The beautiful knight closed his eyes and waited to die.
The chirp of the ship's internal com system woke Maeve. She jerked upright in her bed, kicking. The sheets were a sweaty tangle around her bare ankles, leaving the rest of her body uncovered and shivering.
The Blue Phoenix was two days out from Axis' bright sun. Presumed destroyed by the star, the Axis control officers had quickly stopped searching for the missing Blue Phoenix. Cautiously, Tiberius had moved his ship to the edge of the system, waiting until the next move was decided well outside the deadly heat and radiation of the sun.
Maeve shoved her matted black hair back out of her eyes and stood. She grimaced as her wings cramped, stiffened by the narrow confines of the bed. Crumpled paper and cheap plastic narcohol bottles littered the floor and crunched under her feet as Maeve made her way, still naked, to the communications console set into the wall beside the door. She keyed open the channel.
The screen lit up, displaying Xia smiling at her. Behind her, the rest of the crew was gathering around the tiny table in the mess and chattering over a breakfast. Xia took in Maeve's state of undress. She tactfully moved between the table full of men and the video panel.
"Good morning, Maeve." Xia gestured behind her with a six-fingered hand to a pile of pancakes steaming on a plate in the center of the table. "I just made breakfast, if you would like to join us. Hurry, before the boys eat it all."
She closed the channel with a conspiratorial wink, her jeweled eyes whirling a mischievous sky blue. Maeve grimaced at the darkened screen. Xia was a sweet, charming woman who treated everyone on the Blue Phoenix like a treasured friend. Even those who did not deserve it. It turned Maeve's stomach.
An empty needle rolled under her foot as she dug through the filth for some clothes. When Maeve kicked it, the needle spun away and came to rest against a long spear propped in the corner of the room. The spear she had just seen in her dream, with a haft of smooth-polished birch and the glass blade colored by faint swirls of red and gold. Tied just below the blade was a rainbow of fraying tourney ribbons, prizes and boasting rights to the victor. It was a knight's weapon little more than a walking stick now.
Pulling on some denims with torn knees, Maeve fished for a shirt to go with them. She found a scarlet scarf tangled around a bottle. She pulled it free and ran the soft fabric between her fingers. Gods, was every inch of the universe filled with reminders of her losses? Each end of the scarf was embroidered with graceful golden whorls and circles; a gift from her father so many years ago, when a younger Maeve flew away to serve her first post as a full-fledged knight of the White Kingdom.
But Sir Arlinn was dead now, gone to ash, carnage and refuse with the rest of her family. No spell or impassioned wish could bring any of them back. Her mother and father, the great knight and the lovely princess. Beautiful Orthain, her mentor and lover. Her brother, soft-hearted Caith, too gentle and clumsy to follow his sister into the knighthood. All dead, all gone. Maeve seethed with the familiar molten heat of hatred. It filled her, seemed to push her back, out of her own damnably weak body.
Maeve screamed in fury and smashed her fist into the bulkhead as hard as she could. Everything important in the universe was gone.
Why am I still alive? Why could I not have died with the rest of the White Kingdom? With my king, my lover, my brother?
But she lived. So, for the moment, did Kessa and Coldhand. How could Coldhand let himself be captured so neatly? For days now, the bounty hunter had merely sat in the room that served as his cell as the Blue Phoenix waited outside the Axis system. When she brought him aboard, Maeve assumed that Coldhand had only accompanied her as part of some clever ploy to finally take in his mark.
Maeve uncoiled the scarf from around her hand. It stuck to the blood oozing from her wounded knuckles. She wiped it on the cloth and then wound it around her narrow chest, tying it behind her back, just under her wings.
Finally dressed, Maeve wound her way down the narrow corridors of the Blue Phoenix to the mess. It served as a kitchen, too, with a stove, oven and counter along one wall. The rest of the crew was gathered around the circular table. They laughed as Gripper, who took up an entire half of the table, folded three large pancakes in his claws and devoured them. Xia levered another stack from the top of the pile in the center of the table and covered them in thick amber mantle syrup before handing them to Kessa, who was eating almost as ravenously as the Arboran. Maeve ignored Gripper's invitation to sit.
"What of Logan? Have you yet seen to his feeding?" she asked.
"I'm not going into a room with that man unless I have to," Xia answered with a shudder. "Did you see that hand? It's disgusting."
"Coldhand isn't going to starve to death," Tiberius grunted. "But no, he hasn't been fed yet today. You can take care of that, if you want. But wait a minute. We all need to talk first."
Duaal nodded in quick agreement. "We need to figure out where to go next. The Sisterhood is on a lot of worlds, right? Tiberius talked to Coldhand and got nothing. So where can we take Kessa?"
"And how do we find Vyron?" Xia added. "Kessa doesn't know where he was taken. Is he still on Axis? We can't wait here, hoping Vyron will somehow find us. We're not well-loved by the Axis police right now, so going back to look for him wouldn't be easy."
"If they believe that we yet live," said Maeve.
"Granted, but I don't know that we want to rely on this so soon after our disappearance. We can't land. Our registry is still flagged, I'm certain."
Kessa sighed heavily and wiped a drop of syrup from the corner of her mouth. Huge Gripper patted her shoulder, almost knocking the young woman down into her breakfast.
"We'll find him somehow," he promised sincerely. "I'd love to leave some kind of message, but we're way out of the Axis mainstream now."
"One problem at a time," Tiberius said. "We didn't have a chance to finish refueling and restocking on Axis before we took wing. This bird can't fly forever. We've wasted several days waiting for Coldhand to talk but that man's lips are shut tighter than a Starwind wallet. We'll have to get Vyron later."
Kessa looked as if she were about to object, unwilling to leave the world where Vyron might still be hiding, but laid her hands against her belly and sighed again. There was more than her life, her wishes, to consider. She rubbed her rounded stomach sadly, thoughtfully. There were new burdens in Kessa's life now, but burdens coupled with blessings. Maeve watched her unhappily.
The sun was bright in the sky, as though Aes Cloud-Dancer herself celebrated such a joyous occasion. Orthain smiled at the news, too. He leaned on his spear, silk wrapped around the blade so that he could practice safely with his young squire.
"A brother, Highness, born this very day in the fair city! Go, I release you from today's lessons."
"The gods have blessed us," Maeve answered modestly.
Orthain grinned at her, a mischievous twinkle in his eyes, the look that made Maeve's knees weak and her heart hammer in her breast. "The All-Singer has surely well-crafted your sire and gifted him a mighty spear," Orthain chuckled, "to have given Princess Beltain so many blessings."
The young princess blushed furiously. "You should not say such things! My father commands you, Sir Fyre."
"Of course, Highness. Forgive my oafish disrespect," said Orthain. He covered another grin with a deep bow. "Now is no time to trade crude words with me. Go, see your new brother!"
Maeve stammered her thanks and launched herself into the air. Orthain watched the princess soar up into the cloud-dappled blue sky with a smile. She looked down and thought she saw his lips moving. He was singing.
"Two hundred eighty-eight days of light"
"What about Stray? It's only about a week away," Xia suggested. "We have to go there for phenno, anyway."
"Hey, that's not a bad idea," Gripper said. "Stray is way out of the core, pretty close to the rim. Even if Blue's Sisters send out word that she's run off, it isn't getting out as far as Stray in a hurry."
"The world of Stray is one of chaos!" Maeve protested. "It is a poor place for Kessa to birth and raise her child."
"Yes, it is. But it's probably safer than Axis," Xia said.
"It's a place to start," Tiberius agreed.
Their next step decided, the crew of the Blue Phoenix returned to their breakfast. Conversation turned to the current CWA fashion; tight-fitted Ixthian styles in stately monochromatic schemes. Kessa listened in awe to Xia and Duaal as they argued the merit of human versus Ixthian fashion models.
Maeve paid no attention. She fumed quietly. Stray? It was a terrible choice. She was familiar with Stray and it was a dangerous planet, a cesspool. What were the chances that the Sisterhood hadn't taken up residence there? Bad, Maeve thought. Very bad.
She scooped up some of Xia's pancakes onto a plate, not bothering with the butter or mantle syrup. Coldhand was a prisoner, after all.
When she arrived at his door, she didn't bother announcing her entry. Maeve keyed open the door and stepped inside. He was sitting on the edge of his bed. With his right hand, the bounty hunter wordlessly took the plate of breakfast when Maeve held it out to him. He set the food on his knees and balanced it as he ate, leaving his metal hand sitting motionless, curled around the edge of the bed. There was no hate in his cool blue eyes, no anger.
"You are unconcerned that I might have altered your food?" Maeve asked curiously.
"Poison me, you mean?" he asked between bites. "No. I've studied your record, Cavainna. You've got sixteen murder charges on your sheet, but nothing so premeditated. You never plan that far ahead."
So calm, so cold. Maeve ground her teeth. Coldhand should have been more careful, more cautious if he was to live long enough to finish his hunt. He finished off his meal and held the out the plate.
"I am not your servant, Logan!" Maeve snapped. She did not reach for the dish. "You should take greater care in guarding against treachery."
"Did you plan on letting me out of here so I can take my dishes back myself?" Coldhand asked.
Maeve snatched the plate and brandished it. Fury poured through her, making her head swim. Coldhand watched her with clinical detachment. Her fire meant nothing to him, did it? It did not warm him and it did not burn him. With an effort, Maeve lowered the plate, the silly, pointless weapon. She turned to leave and noticed the scuffed datadex on the bed. Coldhand said nothing as she bent to pick it up and inspect the screen.
"Elonna's eyes, once so sharp and shining black, were pale and dull. Blind!" Maeve read a line aloud. "I held the trembling body of his beloved falcon close and vowed revenge. The wind grew still and silent, as though God had bent close and held His breath to hear my promise."
Maeve rolled her eyes and dropped the datadex back where she had gotten it. Only Prians could write about birds with such passion. Curiosity drew her attention back. Maeve looked down at Coldhand, who was still sitting on the edge of his bed.
In the time he had chased her, the fairy had never seen him wear a falconer's glove or sleeve. Leaving the backwater Prianus was expensive. How had the bounty hunter been able to afford to leave his homeworld, yet not fly a hawk or falcon? Hunting and dueling birds were precious and no respectable Prian would be without one. There were scratches on his cybernetic arm, but didn't look like they had been made by claws. After years on the Blue Phoenix, Maeve knew such marks well. Did Coldhand own a bird? The hunter was watching her carefully. Not annoyed or impatient, so far as she could tell. Simply watching.
"Where is your bird, Logan?" she asked bluntly.
"Back on Axis," Coldhand said. "Myles flew off without letting me retrieve it, remember?"
"Not your ship, Logan, but your true bird. A hawk or a falcon, as favored by your people."
"I don't fly hawks anymore," he said in a tone that didn't invite further conversation.
"That is not much of an answer," Maeve replied, ignoring his tone. "Prians are famed for their love of birds. You have come by enough wealth to purchase your Raptor. Surely one so fortunate can afford the Prian mark of prestige."
"I didn't pay for the Raptor," Coldhand said flatly. "When I left Prianus, it came with me. There was no colour involved."
"Stolen." She laughed. How appropriate. "The bounty hunter himself is a criminal! The Nameless had a vile sense of humor."
It was Coldhand's turn to look curious. "Nameless?"
"A goddess of my people," Maeve said. "The spiteful goddess of death who waits to take all of creation back."
"No one sent me, Cavainna. Unless you count the bounty boards."
The tale of the Nameless was a story every Arcadian knew, sung by mothers and fathers before a child's wings could bear her, and one of the most important of their history. On impulse, she decided to tell Coldhand the story.
"In the stillness before the world, there was only Erris All-Singer, first god of my people. The Singer grew lonely, for there was no one to hear his music. So Erris created three other gods. From the soft down feathers of his right wing, he made Aes Cloud-Dancer. She was beloved and wife to her creator. From the strong pinions of his left wing, Erris created Anslin Sky-Knight to watch over the Singer and his bride. Anslin was the first knight, guardian of life and father to ways of the warrior.
"Taxed by his endeavors, Erris All-Singer created the last from the sweat of his brow and only half his heart. Contented by Aes and Anslin, the Singer gave the third and final goddess no name and no purpose. This new goddess was furious with her creator for his inattention. The Nameless fled the light of heaven and fled into the shadows between, swearing revenge upon the other gods. So long she remained in the dark places that her wings turned black as night."
It felt good to tell the old stories, like Maeve was back home. As though the White Kingdom still stood, as though everything was not gone, as though she were not the last survivor of House Cavainna in the universe. She could almost hear her father's voice in her ear and feel his great, strong wings holding her protectively close. Coldhand listened attentively.
"As the seasons turned, Erris sang and Aes danced to his every song. She danced for him every dance until her heart and her feet ached. Anslin grew to know every note, every step of every song and dance. In time, the spark faded. There was nothing new. Aes and Anslin came to Erris and asked him to create others, creators of new songs and new dances. But the arrogant All-Singer refused, for he believed his creations already perfect.
"So the Sky-Knight and Cloud-Dancer conspired to make the eldest grant their wish. When Erris called upon them, Aes refused to dance a single step and Anslin covered his eyes with his wings, refusing to watch. Until Erris promised to create others, they would not serve him. In fury, the Singer turned his back on Aes and Anslin.
"Erris grew lonely for his bride and his friend. It was in this time of sorrow that the Nameless came to the All-Singer. With wings soft as whispers and hair golden as the dawn, she came in Aes Cloud-Dancer's guise. In lover's arms, the Nameless embraced him. Weeping for relief and joy, Erris consented to all she asked. He would create a new race, as Aes and Anslin had asked, but the deceptive Nameless asked for one thing more.
"'My love, these new children's lives must end,' she told him. 'Else they, like us, shall learn all that there is and grow cold and still as stone. Let them end. Let them die before they grow weary of dance and song. Do you give me all that I ask? Do you give me death?'
"'All, my beloved!' cried Erris, consumed by passion.
"The Nameless cast off her disguise and spread her raven black wings before Erris. 'You have granted me the domain of death, All-Singer and father of life,' she sang, triumphant. 'You have made me the darkness to your light! Let the new lives end when I call them to me. You shall watch every life fail and fall into black nothingness and remember that to which you condemned me!'
"Erris All-Singer was filled with rage at the Nameless for her trick. With a single word from the god's lips, the Nameless' wings fell away to ashes, leaving her naked and shivering, bound forever to the ground. But the Singer could not take back the promise he had given her, the dominion of death. As Erris wept, the Nameless fled, running as a low beast upon bare feet.
"Erris called Aes and Anslin to him and confessed his terrible deed. 'I have been tricked. I cannot bear to create life only to let your Nameless sister take that life away. I will give our new children death, for I must do as I have sworn. But I will give them power, too, a gift I have not even granted you.'
"'You have given us power, beauty and strength,' said Aes to her husband. 'What else can you give?'
"'I will give what only I have ever known  the power to create life. New life, born of love. Perhaps by the gift of life, they will forgive death'"
Maeve roused herself from the reverie of her storytelling. The warm sense of home was gone. She was back in cold black space, domain and home to the Nameless. Coldhand was watching her closely, making no move against her.
"Did they?" Coldhand asked after a moment. "Did the Arcadians ever forgive him?"
"Outcast and homeless as we are, we welcome death. But no, it can never be forgiven," said Maeve firmly.
There was a question on Coldhand's lips, but Tiberius' voice came over the Blue Phoenix's intercom, crackling with static. "Maeve, I need to talk to you. Come up to the cockpit."
Coldhand leaned back on his bed, gesturing Maeve to go where she was summoned. The datadex lay on the covers beside him. As long as she was playing maid to the hunter, Maeve supposed she should take it away along with the empty plate. The screen still displayed the page marked by Tiberius. Obviously, the hunter was not reading it.
He followed her look and quickly reached for it with his cybernetic hand. A reflexive, almost furtive snatch. The datadex slipped through his metal fingers. He tightened his grip, clamping his illonium fingers down on the thin screen and cracking it with a sharp snap. Coldhand wordlessly dropped the datadex, his glacial eyes blankly unreadable.
Maeve balanced the plate and reached for the broken device. It was of even less use now. She paused as her fingers brushed the datadex's casing. The corner bore deep scratches, still jagged and fresh. Maeve ran her fingers over the roughened metal. Even Coldhand's misshapen cybernetic hand could not have worn the datadex this way. It had been used to scrape or pry at something. The man had not been waiting as idly as she thought. Maeve left the datadex lying on the blankets. She turned and keyed open the door.
"It is said that the Nameless, too, learned the secret to creating life," she said before she left. "Since the days before Cavain founded the White Kingdom, my people have told stories of strange wingless folk, sons and daughters of the death goddess. But they learned to fashion great metal wings to let them fly."
"You're flying on those metal wings, too, Cavainna." Coldhand tucked the broken datadex under his blanket.
"There is little choice left to my kind. We are creatures of the core worlds now, sons and daughters of death, just like you." She locked the door behind her and made her way to the front of the ship.
The cockpit of the Blue Phoenix was small, only a pair of pilots' chairs crowded in front of a busy crescent of displays and controls. Duaal was somewhere else, but sitting comfortably in his chair was impossible. She stood in the open hatchway.
Tiberius was not alone. Orphia watched Maeve coldly. The hawk perched on the back of her master's seat, carving another set of deep gouges in the hard plastic with her talons, matches to many others she had already left. Orphia's once-vivid black and brown markings had faded with age, but the old police hawk was still as deadly and grumpy as her master. She clicked her wickedly hooked beak at Maeve, cocked her head to one side and then decided that the other bird was no threat. Orphia flipped her wings and ignored Maeve.
"Princess, I need to know something before I take us to Stray. Two somethings, I guess," Tiberius said.
"Why did you bring Kessa here?" he asked. The captain rubbed his chin. "I can barely rely on you to come back to the Phoenix when we land. You're loyal to nothing. Not even your pay, far as I can tell. You're a wild bird, feral. Coldhand was right to ask you why you give two chips about Kessa, and you were right not to answer him. But now I'm asking."
"My kind gives birth infrequently," Maeve said slowly. "It is a sacred right granted by our oldest god."
Tiberius' eyebrows shot up at that. "That's it? Because your god says so?"
Maeve made herself meet her captain's gaze, but it was difficult. "I do not know that you could understand, Tiberius."
"Then talk plain, dove."
"Kessa risked the loss of her child, her family by the choices she made to join the Sisterhood." Maeve heard the raw red wound in her own voice and hated it. "I have I have seen that pain too close to wish it on another, even a foolish child like her."
Tiberius did not understand. How could he? After a moment, the old Prian looked away, brow furrowed. He cleared his throat.
"Fine. The second question may be the more important one, at the moment. I've given up on Coldhand being any help to us, but I need to know if he's going to be a problem. Of everyone on this bird, you're the only one who knows anything about him. He must have known we weren't going to let him go once he was on the Phoenix. Why did he come at all? Not to let you out of his sight, he said, but now he's worse off than if he had let you go. He must have known, or at least suspected, that this would happen. So why did he stick with you?"
The princess shrugged. She had no answer. Coldhand never did anything without a reason, usually a reason involving money or his own skin or something else. Tiberius sighed when she didn't answer. Orphia preened her feathers, ignoring the conversation entirely.

Chapter 7:
Stray

"Experiences are like feathers. Some may ruffle, but every one of them is important if you want to fly."
- Ceres Flavia, Prian minister (24 PA)

Stray was eight days away at superluminal speeds. Gripper spent most of the journey in the cramped engine room, working. Since he had been denied the ground time on Axis to make repairs, the air recycling systems and FMS relays were still broken. Gripper watched the SL drive jolt and shudder with paternal worry, clenching and unclenching his huge hands at every grating sputter.
In her usual caring fashion, Xia made sure that the fretting Arboran ate and slept with some sort of regularity. She brought Gripper plates of vegetables from his garden and remained with him until he had eaten them all. When the Phoenix's lights dimmed in the evening, she lured Gripper away from the engine room with questions of his home until his words became a tired mumble and he finally fell into much-needed sleep.
On the second such night, Xia sat up with Gripper in the cargo bay. He perched delicately on the edge of one suspended planter, desolately inspecting his garden. Unable to finish restocking on Axis and now well picked over by Xia, it was largely empty.
"Claws let me set these up when I came on," Gripper told her. "When he found out I couldn't eat that protein goo. Said that a sick engineer wouldn't do him any good and so to put in whatever I needed."
It sounded like the kind of thing Tiberius would say. The Arboran was young, innocent and open-hearted. Surely their captain cared for Gripper, but it would never occur to Tiberius to say so. Instead, he would agree to let Gripper survive. Barely. Xia smirked to herself. She sat down on steps made of a steel mesh that led down from a narrow catwalk and into the bay, balancing her elbows on her knees and her chin in her hands.
"Tell me more about Arborus," Xia said.
She hoped that Gripper would weary himself with talk. The hour was already late and she was too tired to think of a less obvious ploy. It was the same one she had used last night, but Gripper always had plenty to say about his homeworld. If he realized what Xia was doing, he gave no sign.
"I don't even know where it is, Silver. I've looked through the Alliance survey index and it's not there," Gripper sighed. "Maybe it's out there on the rim. There are a lot of uncharted worlds out there. Arborus might be one of them. But maybe it's not. It might be in another galaxy."
Xia half listened to Gripper, her multi-faceted eyes darkening to a deep, sleepy blue-black. Xia knew the story. Everyone on the Blue Phoenix did, but that didn't mean Gripper didn't like telling it. Xia's eyes fell shut. She could see it all as her friend spoke.
"It's still the most beautiful world I've ever seen," Gripper said. His voice was already growing heavy and slow. "I mean, plenty of the planets here are nice, but not like Arborus. Trees as far as you can see. I never saw the edge of them. I don't know if there even is an edge. Maybe the forest covers the whole planet! You know how tall the starscrapers are on Axis? The trees on Arborus are even bigger than some of them."
His world was a green one. The very air seemed alive. The leaves of the great trees, as broad as Alliance cruisers, overlapped and wove together to create a landscape of emerald, complete with lakes and streams of clear, sweet rainwater.
Arboran villages dotted the smooth leafy hillocks. They built their homes of deadfall and crudely cut strips of leaf tied with vine. Simple but sturdy. Dead stone and metal were almost unknown to the tree-dwellers. Well, not entirely but those dangerous places were far below the tree canopy, where the Arborans made their homes. Amongst the verdant treetops, the threats of the world on the ground seemed so very far away.
"That's where we all live, up high, never touching the ground. Life there isn't anything like it is here. There're no computers or engines or anything like that, just the trees and the sky. We stay up in the leaves with the rain and sun. Unless one of the trees dies and falls."
Xia cracked open one eye as Gripper climbed down off of the edge of his suspended garden, making his way carefully around slender illonium cabling that attached it to the ceiling struts. He grabbed onto one of the supports over Xia's head, sinking his clawed fingers easily into the tempered fibersteel. Arborans often slept hanging from the limbs of their beloved trees with no fear of falling, he had told her. It was those massive, crushingly strong claws that had earned Anandrou the name of Gripper not long after leaving his homeworld.
"Mam told me not to go to the old sycona tree, the one with big purple flowers. But I didn't listen," he said sadly. "The flowers were delicious, sweet and just a little crunchy. So I climbed out there. But the sycona was sick, rotting and dying It fell."
The air was filled with a terrible tearing, wailing sound as the tree fell. The great branches, grown entangled with its neighbors for hundreds, perhaps thousands, of years, ripped free. Anandrou must have screamed as he fell with the old sycona, but his young voice was a whisper beside the crashing of the tree. He leapt, scrambling to find a hold, searching for anything that was not pitching sickeningly towards the ground. But the tree was sick, dying. Disease-softened leaves and limbs would have given way under his claws, insubstantial as morning mist, and he could not climb fast enough. The sycona pulled Anandrou down to the dark forest floor.
"I guess the fall knocked me out. I don't know how I survived it, really. When I woke up, I was under the trees. I can't even tell you how scared I was," Gripper recounted, swinging slowly as he hung above Xia. She leaned against the railing, yawning and struggling to stay awake.
"I was actually on the ground! Not the real ground, but the dirt one all the way down in the roots! I could barely see anything! All of the leaves on the trees are up high, near the sunlight, and they're really thick. Not a whole lot of light gets through. It was dark as night and I was scared. Of course, I went for the nearest tree and started climbing.
"But then I saw some light. Not sunlight, even the really weak gray stuff that comes through the canopy, but this bright blue light. Like burning phenno! I couldn't see it very well. I didn't want to stay, but there's supposed to only be animals down there, nothing that makes fire or light! I had to find out what it was."
Hesitant and fearful, moving carefully on bruised hands, Anandrou dropped from the thick black bark, back down to the earth. He picked his way between the tree trunks, each tower-wide and gnarled with age. The ground was a tangle of thick roots and slimy soil. Nothing but the feet of the great trees could survive down in this lightless purgatory, could it? The mighty roots ground even stone to dust.
Anandrou knuckle-walked between the gargantuan trunks, squinting after the blue glow. It would have vanished from time to time behind the trees as he wound through them. Sticky mud squished between his thick fingers. The Arboran boy fought down a sharp surge of panic each time he lost sight of the azure glow, the only beacon he had in the horrible, frightening place. Somehow, despite the fear, Anandrou's curiosity was stronger. What could be down here, in the forbidden, dangerous depths of the world?
"It was weird. I didn't really think I could see anything in the dark except the glow until things started changing. I didn't realize that I could really see the trees, but I knew when they were gone. I'd walked out of them without even realizing it. There were still things around me, but they weren't trees," Gripper said.
His voice was taut with fear and painful loss. Less than a year had passed since then, Xia reminded herself. The wound was still fresh. Maybe it always would be.
"I was in a city. At least, I think that's what it was. I didn't get to see all of it, you know? But there were buildings all around me, like on Axis, but in much worse repair. Most of them were falling apart. Huge towers, a lot of bridges between them and windows everywhere, all dark and dead like the sycona tree. I was chasing the glow and getting more scared with every step, so I didn't really look inside of them.
"Then I found the light. It was in the middle of all the buildings, and there was a sort of clearing with a smooth white floor. All around were these gate things. Big arches and circles. And one of them was glowing."
His pain was forgotten. Terror and fascination warred in its place. The gates were marked with densely packed characters and studded in places with gleaming silver buttons. And they were all different. No two looked the same, though they were all clearly gates of some sort, but Anandrou barely spared a glance for them. His eyes were drawn instead to the glowing portal.
"The whole thing was filled with that swirling blue glow, like light in water. I wanted a closer look. I hurried, since I didn't know how long the thing would be on. It was strange. I could almost see through the light, but it was like trying to look at the sun. When I tried, I just started seeing spots and couldn't focus my eyes. I thought I saw someone on the other side. It looked like they were wearing some kind of weird, stiff cape or maybe there were a few people, but it was hard to tell. Everything was blurry. I tried to yell to them, but if they heard, they just ignored me. So I tried to reach through and grab them. It was dangerous down under the trees. What if they were stuck or trapped?"
Hanging by one hand, Gripper mimicked reaching through the strange doorway to seize the hapless prisoner. Xia was moved by his simple concern. Almost anyone else would have fled the strangeness of Gripper's ruined city and glowing gateway. Xia wondered if she could have matched Gripper's bravery. She would have wanted to help, certainly, but reach into a strange portal, with no knowledge of its workings? Unlikely. Xia shook her head and looked up at Gripper as he told his story. She could at least stay awake for it.
"As soon as I put my hand into the light," the young Arboran continued, "everything went blue. I couldn't see the doorway, the weird old city or anything else. Just blinding light. I didn't pass out again, but it still felt like I was waking up when I came through. Everything was different, even the sun. I was in the middle of a big, grassy open place. It was nothing at all like Arborus. Everything was gone. The forest and the city ruins. It was all gone."
The blue glow was gone. A pair of small, bright suns lit the green grass. He was alone in the field. The stranger he had reached for was gone, too. Anandrou looked up, but he had no idea where they had gone. He was alone. Anandrou stared at the empty air for a long moment before the realization tumbled down on him. It was all gone, really gone. There was no way to get home.
"Smoke says the thing I went through sounds like a Waygate. They can send you where you need to go, but they're only one way. They don't need another Waygate on the other end to receive you, so you can end up anywhere, you know? Like a slingshot, I guess. You can snap off a rock in any direction and be pretty accurate, but unless whoever finds that rock has a slingshot, too, he's going to have a hard time throwing it back. But Smoke says the thing on Arborus didn't look quite like their Waygates. She wouldn't say much else, you know?"
"I do. Arcadians don't talk much about the Waygates. But I've been told that it's not just because they want to keep secrets. A Waygate was involved in whatever ruined their civilization," Xia said.
Gripper nodded and shrugged. "I found some humans, eventually," he said. "Once I learned a little Aver, they told me the world was called Kahl and it was part of the Central World Alliance. I stayed in Merrid, a port city there, and got myself apprenticed to a Lyran lady with pretty fur. She taught me all about engines and computers," Gripper said, then blushed darkly. "I guess that's not telling you about home, though. That's a different story."
Xia stood and stretched, her multitude of knuckles cracking as she flexed her long fingers. "Will you get some sleep?"
"Nah, I think I'll go check on the engines and make sure they haven't thrown a kit," Gripper replied, shaking his lumpy, long-eared head.
"Well, it's time for me to hit the bunk," Xia sighed, frustrated.
Gripper would have to get himself to sleep. She was just too tired to be of any more help. Xia flicked a few strands of short white hair out of her eyes and waved a casual farewell to Gripper as she climbed the stairs. The Arboran thumped loudly to the deck plating behind her and headed into the aft of the Blue Phoenix.
Xia stumbled wearily into her small quarters and flopped down in her bed, pulling the sheets up around her shoulders. Gripper had joined the crew only about six months ago, hoping that Tiberius' far-flung travels might lead him back to Arborus. But as far as anyone knew, the young wanderer was no closer to home now than he was the day he appeared on Kahl.
What if Gripper's homeworld wasn't in this galaxy? There was no way to cross the great black emptiness that separated the galaxies. No one in the Alliance made a ship self-sufficient enough to make such a long journey. Even the two-month flight out to the rim was taxing. Much further than that and machinery inevitably broke down and wore out beyond repair.
In the century since the Arcadians had appeared in the CWA, they had not tried to return to the White Kingdom. If an entire race could not manage it, how would one lonely Arboran get home? Xia worried as she slipped into restless sleep.
______

Under Gripper's watchful eye, the Blue Phoenix limped to Stray. On the eighth afternoon, as the ship dropped out of superluminal flight, the sandy beige planet leapt into focus outside. A computer-generated landing signal gave Tiberius clearance to land in Gharib, one of the four large cities of Stray.
Talons clicking on the plastic chair, Orphia watched coldly over the captain's shoulder as he brought the Blue Phoenix down through the thin atmosphere. A few shiny, crystalline flecks of blue phenno flaked away in the heated air. Duaal petulantly watched Tiberius' landing from the copilot's seat, far smoother than his own had been, back on Axis. The old Prian cop flipped on the intercom.
"I want to see everyone in the cargo bay before we all fly off into the city. We're here to get something done, don't you forget," he said. As an afterthought, he added: "Coldhand, this notice doesn't apply to you."
Duaal laughed. "You do like to rub it in, don't you?"
"What?"
"Never mind."
Duaal glared out the solar shield at the fat, swollen red sun hanging in the sky. Another hot day. It was always hot. He pulled on his gloves and stood. Tiberius coaxed Orphia up onto a leather sleeve and headed down out of the cockpit. Duaal followed.
Kessa was waiting with the others assembled in the hold, hovering behind the gentle Xia and eying Maeve warily. The princess was about as welcoming as a block of ice.
Scratch that, he thought. A block of ice would be great in this heat. As a drawn gun, then.
In spite of the fairy's prominent role in saving the Dailon girl from the Sisterhood, Kessa still treated Maeve warily, instead spending her time with gentle Xia or talkative Gripper. Tiberius looked at the pregnant woman and jerked his thumb over his shoulder.
"No, not you," he said. "We're pretty sure your Sisters aren't here or haven't sent word, but not sure enough to let you out into the city just yet."
Kessa looked disappointed, but nodded her assent. A week confined to the Blue Phoenix must have had her itching to go outside and stretch her legs, but the need was hardly enough to risk the life of her unborn child.
Tiberius pointed to Maeve. "Take Xia and go see what you can find out about the Sisterhood's presence here. We need to make sure this place is safe for Kessa and her little one," he ordered. "Gripper, get working on those repairs. If we're wrong and this place is trouble, I want to be ready to fly."
"Will do, Claws," Gripper said. "I bought the parts back on Axis. All I need is enough ground time to get them in."
"Get on it. I'll go talk to Xyn about getting some more phenno. Duaal, we've had an extra mouth for the last week. We need food."
The captain pulled a red cenmark chip from the breast pocket of his black vest and tossed it to Duaal. A snap of his fingers and a murmured word guided the card to the mage's hand like a softly drifting feather.
"Showoff. Stray gets shipments from the entire galaxy," Tiberius told Duaal. He stroked one of Orphia's wings. The hawk closed her black eyes, but made no other sign of pleasure at the caress. "Take your time and look around. You can use whatever's left over on that chip to get something for yourself. But stay sharp. Stray can be dangerous."
"I know," Duaal said. He smirked at Maeve. She didn't get extra spending money, did she?
Gripper grumbled a little about not being invited to go shopping, but quieted when Tiberius looked at him. "Xyn's shop isn't far from the landing pads," said Tiberius. "This shouldn't take long. I'll be back to the bird in less than an hour. I expect you to have some progress to report to me, Gripper."
He punched the airlock controls and opened the hatchway. Kessa wandered back towards her quarters, alternately humming and grumbling softly while she held her hands protectively around her belly. Gripper waved to her back and knuckle-walked the other direction towards the engine room to begin his work. One by one, the crew of the Blue Phoenix strode from the ship and scattered to carry out their orders.

Chapter 8:
Wayward Winds

"Proximity denotes association. Why else would the mouth be located so close to the brain, if not designed to speak one's mind?"
- Xed, Ixthian political activist (199 PA)

Bannon 3 was a desert planet, only barely habitable and far from welcoming. A weary, ancient red star served as its sun. The star threw barely enough visible light on the sandy little planet to illuminate it, but enough infrared to turn Bannon 3 into a furnace. Located inconveniently on an otherwise uninhabited edge of the CWA space and a source of almost no valuable natural resources, the Bannon system was ignored for decades.
In 132 MA, an enterprising Lyran by the name of Channik Grale purchased all land, mineral and mining rights to the entire planet for only four and a half million cenmarks. Channik was galactically mocked for spending his inheritance on Bannon 3. The only thing worth mining on the little dust ball seemed to be hafnium, but all substantial deposits were located deep underground. Hafnium was not particularly precious or rare, found on several hundred other planets, several of which had been colonized years before. It certainly didn't seem worth the effort to mine Bannon 3 for such an inexpensive and relatively common element.
The laughter continued for about seven years as Channik purchased cheap mining equipment and set up a camp in the northern hemisphere. As expected, the machinery broke down so frequently that Channik had to hire a non-stop flow of parts and engineers to fly out to Bannon.
Laughter became whispers as miners and engineers flocked to Bannon 3. There was plenty of work and Channik paid. He did not pay well, but it was work for those who could not find it elsewhere. Instead of waiting for the frequent orders for new parts, Starwind Fabrications set up a small factory on Channik's planet to cut down on shipping costs. The new factory brought in jobs and all manner of beings that needed work. Workers brought families that required food and clothes. More jobs, more money.
Before two decades had passed, the single mining camp on Bannon 3 had grown into a full-fledged city. Satellite towns grew up almost overnight as the city expanded. By the time Channik's fur was turning gray, the entire northern hemisphere of his planet was settled and thriving. His people were poor and often desperate, but the same could be said of Prianus and the lower levels of Axis. And those were founding worlds!
Opponents to Channik's success nicknamed his planet Stray  joking that it attracted every stray dog of the galaxy  and the name stuck. It was said that Channik died laughing as he counted his fortune at a venerable Lyran age of eighty-two, never having successfully mined a single ounce of hafnium.
______

Everything was covered in dust. Even the buildings seemed shrouded in dirty veils. All were constructed of simple, unadorned siltstone slabs and blocks. The stone was laid with minimal attention, rough and crooked, as though the builders were too tired or distracted to spend more time than strictly necessary to do their job. The cities of Stray were hastily constructed with minimal investment. Gharib was no exception.
Xia sneezed and rubbed her watering eyes. Even the static charge on the windows was not enough to repel the damnable dust. It lay thick and yellow over everything, making the entire city look as though it were carved from brittle, crumbling sand. Xia sneezed again.
By necessity as much as the desire to blend in, she and Maeve had adopted the local dress. Both women had donned long scarves and veils covering their hair and faces, long sleeves and pants to keep out the omnipresent dust. The scarf Xia wore across her mouth was borrowed from the Arcadian princess' wardrobe. It smelled rancidly of long ago spilled narcohol, never cleaned. Xia gave Maeve a sidelong look. How could she stand it?
The fairy had not covered her wings. There wasn't a scarf or cape or coat long or large enough to cover them. Maeve's slouching stride dragged her wings in the dirty street until her feathers were saffron with dust. The Arcadian was not attracting the stares that Xia had expected. No one in the core liked the fairy interlopers. Wherever they went, Arcadians tended to attract sneers, racist slurs and superstitious, fearful stares. But here, few seemed to take any particular notice of Maeve. There were a handful of curled lips, but nothing compared to the sort of anger Xia had come to expect. The walkways were crowded with other veiled, cloth-swathed travelers that kept their eyes down and paid them no attention.
Maeve must have been expecting more trouble, too. She carried her glass-bladed spear at her side. Xia hadn't seen her friend carry that thing for a long time. But not even the spear attracted much notice. Xia guessed that no one cared. Stray was a cesspool of desperate dregs. The robes and scarves probably concealed enough firepower and nanotech to arm a small, tattered army. No wonder the Stray police had such a reputation for laziness. If Xia wore the uniform, she would be hard pressed to summon the courage to battle problems of such a dirty, unwelcoming world. What was the point? It would only fall apart again.
Though no one else seemed to care, Xia was discomfited by Maeve's spear. The multicolored ribbons waved and snapped in the thin, hot breeze like the feathers of a tropical bird. A dangerous bird, Xia thought. She knew how deadly that spear could be in the small fairy woman's hands. The glass blade wasn't nearly as fragile as it looked. Neither was Maeve.
Suddenly, Xia forgot all about blood and grabbed Maeve's arm and pointed excitedly across the street.
"Look!" she cried.
In a barren lot  recently emptied to judge by the sancrete and rebar jutting up through the dust like rotting remains  three Arcadian men sat against a broken wall. Even through their loose clothing, Xia could see that they were starvation-thin. Their wings were unkempt, like Maeve's, with patches of missing feathers. At Xia's exclamation, one of them looked up at her with dead eyes. Maeve stared back for only a second before turning away. She pressed her lips into a thin, bloodless line.
"There are many Arcadians in this place," she said in a flat voice. "Stray was young when the White Kingdom was destroyed. Your Alliance did nothing then to aid our dying people, and they have no place for us now. This is one of few worlds on which we may make a home. All here on Stray are outcasts. A few more seem to make very little difference."
Xia looked back to the Arcadian men. They were speaking quietly to one another. The one who had taken notice of them pointed and said something to the other two.
"Well, come on, Maeve. Let's go talk to them!"
Maeve stopped midstep and turned to face Xia. Her face was tight and angry. The Ixthian paused, too. The throng of pedestrians pushed past them with low, acerbic grumbles.
"Why would we do such a foolish thing?"
"What? Don't you want to?" Xia asked, incredulous. Wasn't Maeve eager to spend even a little time with one of her own species?
"No."
"Look, I know how other people treat Arcadians," Xia said. She had a good idea; she just had to convince Maeve of it. "So I suspect that you tend to stick together. We know that the Sisters like to hunt and capture men for sport. If they're here, they've probably preyed on Arcadians at least a few times. They're sick and weak and no one would pay much attention if a few went missing. Except other Arcadians, like those men! They'd know if the Sisterhood was on Stray. I'd bet color on it!"
Xia was so excited by the inevitable success of her plan that she almost missed the flash of fear in Maeve's gray eyes. She was surprised when she grabbed Maeve's hand again and still felt resistance. Xia let go.
"I don't understand. What's the matter?" Xia asked. "Don't you think it's a good idea?"
Maeve stepped back out of the crowd of people. She folded her wings and leaned against a wall, the name and window displays obscured by dust. Maeve crossed her arms over her chest and looked away with the expression of a child asked to do chores.
"No, I do not think it a wise idea." There was something icy and even more unpleasant than usual in her tone. "Mine are a desperate and unhappy people. They do not look kindly upon their low place in your world. If you would speak with them, take the danger of it on your own shoulders. I will wait here."
Xia stared. "You're saying that you expect a fight? That's your objection? You can't be serious, Maeve! I know the kind of people you deal with to get your chems. They're horrible. And Coldhand! You've never been afraid of him. I can't believe you're worried about a few Arcadians! And if that's the case, why bring that spear if not to fight?"
"I am not afraid! My words were a warning to you, not an explanation of myself. My reasons, fear or otherwise, are my own. Have your words with those wretches and let us move on!"
Fuming, Xia turned on her heels and stalked away. Fine! She would do it alone. Xia could never understand Maeve. One moment, she was cold, composed and uncaring. The next, she was temperamental as a squalling child. Maybe Duaal was right, maybe Tiberius should never have hired Maeve. The captain told Xia that, long ago, Maeve had been some sort of knight on her homeworld, before its fall. It was hard to imagine that the bedraggled, chem-abusing, narcoholic wreck of a woman had been anything of the sort. There was little honorable or knightly about Maeve now. The princess was unpredictable, wild and dangerous.
Xia paced with her medical bag clutched to her in quivering silver hands. She didn't want to be there, but the pirates had hijacked her ship weeks back and left her little choice. The captain of the Caitiff was a vile little rat of a man with a long nose and longer ambitions. His dreams of easy wealth and total lack of anything resembling ethics or sense drove his crew into one hopeless fight after another, each with promises of greater riches than the last. The latest target was a small freighter carrying a hold full of expensive gallium-errol transistors.
There was a heavy thump at the airlock. Xia whirled to face the door, ready to treat whatever injured pirate stumbled through. The men of the Caitiff lacked nothing in brutality, but their skill never managed to match their bloodlust. Xia froze, her heart pounding loud in her ears. But it wasn't one of the pirates.
A winged woman stood in the door with a bloody glass-bladed spear clutched in her fists. Despite her tiny size, she looked like some kind of pagan war goddess. She wore no clothes, but her white skin and wings were spattered and smeared with blood. The Arcadian's bare feet looked as though they had been dipped in red paint. Her eyes were rimmed red and deeply shadowed, as though she had just woken from an unsettled sleep.
She leveled her spear at Xia. The doctor shrank back, dropping her supplies and reaching for the laser pistols that she wore in case of just such an occasion as this. The fairy lunged and spun her spear in a swift, flat arc, deftly rapping the haft against the knuckles of Xia's left hand and slapping the flat of the blade across the other. Xia howled in pain and pulled her hands back from her weapons. She fell to her knees, waiting for a killing blow that never came.
A long truck rumbled past on an orange-tinged NI field. The scratched flanks of the vehicle still bore the white on blue starfield of Starwind Fabrications, though graffiti and sand obscured the name. Nowhere in the puzzle of the scrawled messages and symbols, some in Aver and others in their artists' assorted native languages, was the name or creed of the Sisterhood. Xia stepped into the road, ignoring a stout Lyran who snarled at her from his smoke-belching motorcycle, and crossed to the far corner where the trio of Arcadian men sat.
______

Across Gharib, Duaal wandered aimlessly through the great bazaar that squatted in the center of the city. Dust and bleaching sun leeched any color from the tent-stalls. They were arranged in concentric rings and walkways carved through each ring like the spokes of a wheel. A massive siltstone statue of Channik Grale towered over the market. The larger-than-life monument to Stray's lupine founder wore an expression of nobility and visionary magnificence that Duaal doubted the real Channik's face had ever exhibited.
The mage sweated his way through the throng. Duaal had made none of the concessions to local dress that Maeve and Xia had. The crowd parted as best they could for him, whispering and pointing curiously at his strange, ornate costume. The thick heat and itchy dust suddenly didn't seem so bad. The attention felt good.
Duaal passed a young Lyran girl with auburn fur. She pointed a clawed finger at the circled star on Duaal's back. The child was fascinated by the pretty design, embroidered in shiny silver thread that flashed even in the dim red light of Stray's sun. Her mother grabbed the pup by the scruff of the neck and hauled her away, growling a low warning.
Boxed protein and drums of water were already on their way to the Blue Phoenix, along with the other supplies Tiberius had asked for. Duaal's work was done, but nothing in the cheap, dirty market caught his eye. He rolled the chip of color Tiberius had given him between gloved fingers, disappointed. He turned a corner and began making his way back to the outer spiral of the market.
The sunlight was faint and hazy. It cast thin, indistinct russet shadows, but the heat cut sharp as a nanoblade. In the outer ring of the bazaar, Duaal paused to buy a plastic tube of sweet ice, flavored with some kind of exotic Hadrian fruit juice. He sucked gratefully on the cold treat as he half-heartedly browsed, but it was gone all too quickly in the midday heat. Duaal was crumpling up the empty wrapper and considering going back for another when he heard a soft, hissing voice.
"Ksst! Over here, boy."
Boy? Duaal bristled and whirled to find the speaker, but saw only a black-eyed Dailon recoiling. He or she walked quickly away, casting worried glances back between steps. There were too many desperate souls and fugitives on Stray to risk making even casual enemies.
"Boy!" came the voice again. It had a strange, crackling intonation. Whoever it was, they had an awkward handle of Aver.
"Stop that! I'm not a boy," Duaal answered sharply.
Why did everyone fixate on his age? Duaal had seen more in his short life than most people did in one thrice as long! He narrowed his eyes and peered about for the speaker, but all he saw was a dry, withered tree hunkered between a pair of static sheet-wrapped stalls.
"My apologies, young man," whispered the tree. "Come, I have things to show you."
"My God, a Jinn!" Duaal gasped.
A very old one, he noticed. Its branches were twisted with age and covered in dry, papery brown leaves. Peeking out from under the leaves were what looked at first glance to be shiny blue-black berries, but which Duaal knew to be the alien's many eyes. The leaves around the Jinn's eyes lifted out of the way so it could see properly, looking for all the worlds like an old man raising his bushy eyebrows in surprise.
"Ah, an educated man. You know my kind, then? Very good, very good. Perhaps not quite so prone to bigotry against one from the further stars?" the tree-like creature suggested hopefully. It rubbed and rustled its leaves together to produce the odd, windy speech.
"That depends on what you want, Jinn," Duaal said. Despite the close heat of the Gharib day, he shivered.
"Beware the Jinn," his teacher read from a folded sheet of paper. There was a broken seal of swirled red and gold wax on the front.
Duaal cringed in the corner of the room, fearful but attentive. His master was not speaking to him, but that would not stop him from kicking or cuffing the boy if he got in the way. Duaal's head was still ringing from the last time.
"They are slow to anger and patient as their trees' visage suggests. The Jinn value wit and wisdom over wealth or beauty. If you cannot hold your own in debate against the Jinn, they will think nothing of abusing your hospitality. The foolish hold no favor at all with their kind. Learn what you will from the Jinn, should you meet one, and then kill him before a slow moment makes him an enemy."
Duaal's master swept past the boy. His beautiful black velvet robes  just like something from a show  whispered over the floor. The old man sat down at his computer to type out a letter in reply.
"I wish only for the same as any other merchant of Gharib. To trade," the Jinn rustled.
Duaal shook off the clinging memory, but his sweat was cold on his skin. "There are a hundred other vendors in the market that don't have to hide or beg. What do you have that the others don't?"
"A good question, young one. But first, let me introduce myself. I am called Ssassi," the Jinn replied, rubbing its leafy branches together greedily. "And who might you be?"
"You don't need my name to sell me something."
"How very true," Ssassi cackled roughly. "To answer your very fine question, my unnamed lad, I noticed the very interesting markings you wear. I've not seen anything like them since I last gated to the White Kingdom. You've been in the Gharib marketplace long enough to need refreshment, so you have money to spend. But other than the wrappings of your snack, you carry no purchases. Perhaps you have not yet found something worth spending those cenmarks on? Perhaps you are interested in, shall we say, less common goods? The kinds of merchandise that I, unlike any of my inworld counterparts, can offer."
Though he was still bristling from the initial insult, Duaal could not deny his interest. Trade from the rim worlds was rare. This old Jinn must have been desperate.
"What've you got?" Duaal asked, leaning in eagerly.
Ssassi's wrinkled gray bark folded into something like a smile. The effect was disarming, like joking with a senile old uncle for the candy in his pocket. Duaal reminded himself that the Jinn were a clever old race. Ssassi probably thought it would get him a good price.
"Now, where did I put them?" Ssassi asked himself. Punctuated by sharp creaks and groans like the settling of a very old house, the Jinn reached with branches into his browned upper foliage. From his leaves, Ssassi began to produce small items, laying them out on the dusty ground for Duaal's inspection.
"A runic from the Tower itself," the Jinn said, depositing a strangely geometric piece of glistening stone. It was marked with a crossed spiral the looked a little like the ones on the back of Duaal's gloves.
"Also taken at great personal risk from the mysterious Tower, shards from a Nnyth egg." Ssassi withdrew a small pile of midnight black fragments that looked almost as much like stone as the runic.
A stout ceramic jug joined the pile. "Delberry wine from Usarral, my own home. One hundred fifty-seven years old and quite delicious. It has potent properties, of course. A sip will keep you awake and alert for a month."
Duaal picked up the bottle and weighed it in his hand. About half full. He was familiar with delberry wine, of course. His master had made him drink it many times. Ssassi neglected to mention that when the peak wore off, the drinker would not wake again for a full week. Duaal picked up a slender package wrapped in layers of silky cloth. He squeezed it, trying to feel out the shape of whatever lay inside.
"What's this?"
"Assssh ks ree!" Ssassi screeched, lapsing momentarily back into his native tongue, sounds of the wind in leaves and creaking branches. "Put that down!"
Startled, Duaal dropped the bundle. To his surprise, the finger of his gloves was stained dark from a cut that had sliced neatly through the leather. Duaal pulled off his glove and sucked at the wound beneath. Ssassi carefully retrieved the fallen item.
"An Arcadian dagger, brought from the White Kingdom before its fall," Ssassi said, unwrapping the package and holding it out carefully.
Even Duaal's gentle probing at the protecting cloth around the blade had sliced cleanly through the fabric. The weapon the Jinn held out gently was shorter than a nanoknife, the blade only four inches long and the hilt not much bigger. Duaal remembered how small Maeve's hands were. She would have no difficulty wielding such a tiny weapon to great effect. The dagger was forged of glass, glistening like ice melted impossibly thin. The hilt alone had any color. It was wrapped in twined blue and silver cord. Duaal took the weapon and held it up to catch the wan sunlight. The glass blade threw back a bloom of rainbows that filled the shadowed alcove with multicolored light.
"Not as good as a k'saar staff, I say," Ssassi said. "But then, we Jinn have never cared for blades. Still, strong as heartwood is this Arcadian stuff."
"You don't have a sword, by chance?" Duaal asked hopefully.
"No, I'm afraid the Arcadians never made such long blades. Spears, yes, but no swords. It's to do with their anatomy, I'm told. All of the muscles in their back are dedicated to those lovely wings, so their arms aren't very strong. They can't get much power behind a swing, so they only make small blades and stabbing weapons."
"How much do you want for it?" Duaal asked. It would make a beautiful and deadly accessory to his wardrobe.
"It is a creation of great worth and very rare. See those ribbons on the hilt? Colors of the royal family."
"You're lying," retorted Duaal. He didn't know who the glass knife had belonged to, but it wasn't a Cavainna. "Their colors were red and gold, you old cheat. This belonged to someone else."
"A fine catch, my boy. Seventy-five cenmarks and it can be yours," the Jinn said.
After a half hour of haggling, Duaal paid Ssassi sixty cenmarks for the dagger and another thirty for the half jug of wine. He handed over Tiberius' gifted red chip. The Jinn produced some smaller cenmarks from somewhere in his folded bark and handed back the change. Duaal carefully rewrapped the dagger and tucked it carefully into a pocket, picked up the jug of wine and made his way out of the market, back toward the Blue Phoenix.
______

Xia smiled as she approached the fairies, holding out her open hands. She was not unarmed, exactly. She had carried the inexpensive but useful pair of laser pistols under her wrapped scarves since her unwilling days as a pirate. But it couldn't hurt to look harmless. Her intentions were perfectly peaceful, after all. She hoped that the fairies would be as friendly.
The Arcadian men watched her warily, but their fear was dull, weary from years of abuse. One of them stood and bowed as Xia neared. His loose tunic and blue-belted skirt were made of a thin silver fabric, quite sheer and hiding nothing. Xia blushed and kept her eyes firmly on the man's face. His uncovered hair was long and golden, even in the ruddy sunlight, fanning over his shoulder in unwashed curls.
"Have you come looking for an enjoyable evening? Sample the pleasures of the mightiest lance Anslin ever gifted to one of his knights," he asked in a tired voice. His Aver was strange, like Maeve's, heavily accented and very formal. "Twenty cenmarks and I will be yours until Aes rises from her bower."
"I don't want to hire you," Xia said quickly.
The pretty Arcadian man frowned at her. "I cannot work for nothing, even for a lady of such beauty."
"No, that's not what I meant! I just want to ask you a few questions. That's all."
The prostitute backed away nervously, wings half-spread as though ready to take flight. He was broader in the shoulders and more muscular than the other two, though still quite slender by Alliance standards. Xia supposed the Arcadians had to be built light for flying. His companions shifted nervously, whispering to each other in their own liquid, lyric language and staring at her. Xia felt acutely uncomfortable and wished Maeve were doing this instead of her.
"Are you one of the police?" the first Arcadian asked.
"No! No, I'm not. Just doing a little research," Xia said, hoping to placate the jittery fairies. She gestured at the other two, still seated. "If you don't want to talk to me, maybe one of them?"
The man shook his head. "Caiwynn and Rillian do not speak Aver," he said, wings sagging unhappily. "They do not wish to understand the insults your people give us. I have advised them to learn for their own protection, but they will not agree. So I must conduct all of their dealings with their customers."
He hugged his arms around himself as though he was cold, but his brow was beaded with sweat and his cheeks were flush. The Arcadian's face was twisted with shame and he looked away, unable to meet her eye. Did Maeve really think that these wretched creatures were capable of violence?
Xia felt a stomach-churning surge of pity and disgust that these aliens would sink to such depths. What kind of man would let himself be reduced to prostituting himself and his friends? When was the last time these three had seen a doctor? God only knew how many diseases they carried and spread to their customers.
"I'll have to ask you, then. What's your name?" Xia asked.
"Anthem. Of the Calloren house, once favored by the Night but that was many years ago. Please, ask your questions quickly. We must soon return to our work. Money is scarce. We must claim as much as we can."
Xia pushed quickly ahead. "Are there other Arcadians on Stray?" she asked. Anthem nodded. "Do you know them?"
Another nod. "Many of them, yes. Those who can speak your tongue are few and I am often sought out for dealings with the other peoples of this world."
"Has anyone preyed on them?" Xia questioned hesitantly.
Anthem cocked his head, his eyes blank. "Of course."
She was going to have to be far more specific. Everyone preyed on the bird-backs. Xia tried to explain. "Kidnapped or killed your men? I'm looking for a gang that calls themselves the Sisterhood. They specifically target males."
Anthem considered for a moment before answering. "I know the women that you speak of. Some time ago, perhaps five years, they did indeed take many of our men. We thought your Sisters much like the nyads of our lost home, who took dryad and Arcadian husbands, so we did not protest. But then those who went with the Sisters were killed or returned unmanned." He made a slicing gesture at the waist of his gauzy skirt.
"Damn it to all the hells," Xia swore. "They're here. We have to leave."
The fairy flinched a little, but held up his hands. His nails were ragged and caked with grime. "Please, though I wish you gone quickly, I have more to tell. The attacks and stealing of our men went on for a time. We wept for our lost, but we did not fight the Nameless as she came for us. But then the black cathedral was built."
Anthem shielded his eyes from the bloated red sun and oriented himself, then pointed out to the east, across Gharib. Xia squinted. She could just make out a tall building, silhouetted black against the scarlet light.
"The church of the ones who call themselves Nihilists," he said in a subdued voice. "When their cathedral was raised, the attacks by the Sisterhood stopped. Though we have known enough violence in the days since, those women never again took an Arcadian. I have seen no one wearing their mark in longer than a year. It is said that much the same has happened all across Stray. If you fear the Sisterhood, this world is safe from them, I think."
"But what about these other ones? What did you say they're called?"
"The Church of Nihil."
"Why did they chase off the Sisterhood?" Xia asked. "Competition? Are they a gang? Organized crime?"
Anthem shrugged. "I do not know. Many Arcadians have gone to the cathedral, but not I. If you would learn of them, go there when the sun sets. The master of their faith speaks often. I can offer you nothing more unless you have reconsidered purchasing me for the night."
Xia assured Anthem that she was not interested, then thanked him for his help and pressed a chip of color into his dirty hand. It was more honest money than he made selling his body, she thought sadly.
She made her way back to the corner where Maeve waited. The Arcadian woman was crouched like a white-winged gargoyle atop the low roof, her spear held loosely in one hand. She clutched a long-necked narcohol bottle in the other. When had she bought it? Xia noted with disgust that the bottle was already empty. Xia waved to her, but Maeve wasn't looking. She was staring past the Ixthian, right at Anthem.
Having waited her turn, a towering Hadrian woman was haggling with the prostitute. Anthem nodded and accepted a small color chip. He turned to say something to the other two fairies, perhaps a farewell or to ask them to wait for his return, but the white-eyed woman took Anthem by the arm and hauled him away. He bowed his head in defeat and followed his client. Perhaps the Sisters were gone, but the Arcadians' situation had not improved by much, Xia thought.
There was a crash of shattering glass. Maeve was on her feet, her long wings spread and her eyes ablaze with murderous rage. She spun her glass-bladed spear in white-knuckled hands and made as if to leap down into the street. The narcohol bottle lay broken on the flat rooftop. A few final drops dribbled over the edge of the wall, evaporating instantly in the hot, dim sun.
"Don't!" Xia cried.
Maeve didn't look at Xia, but instead of launching herself into the sky after the Hadrian woman, she fluttered to the ground next to her crewmate, her spear clacking on the walkway. A passing man huffed at Maeve as she folded her wings.
"Don't need no bird-backs takin' up the whole walk," he said.
Maeve grabbed a handful of the man's robes and dipped the point of her spear suggestively. "You and your stone-bound kind seem to find my kind pleasant enough for paid beddings!"
"Hey now, you let go of me this minute, fairy," he protested. "Local crew'll not take kindly to yer kind's messins. The police don't come out for much, but if we put in a call, they'll be happy enough to come out and pluck a few feathers! I'll be backrolled before lettin' you mess with honest folk!"
"Maeve, he's right," Xia said. She gestured to the crowd surrounding them. At least twenty men and women had stopped to glare at Maeve. "Let go of him. We don't want trouble."
The Arcadian let go of the man and he pulled back, brushing himself off angrily. A few other humans made sure that he was all right. He brushed their questions aside, turned and strode briskly away.
"Anyone who takes a bird-back must be scrapin' the sands fer color. Ain't there no decency left in the world?" he called from a safe distance.
Xia glanced at Maeve, but the furious blaze was gone from her eyes, replaced with familiar, sullen discontent. Her shoulders slumped again and she watched the restless crowd impassively as they dispersed.
"Come on," Xia said to her. Maeve nodded listlessly. "I found out what we need to know. Let's call back to the Phoenix. It's just about sunset. That man, Anthem, told me that the Sisterhood is gone, but I want to see what's taken their place."
Xia fished a com from her pocket and keyed in the Blue Phoenix's frequency. Maeve shrugged and followed her north through the streets of Gharib, grumbling over the loss of her last drops of narcohol.

Chapter 9:
Lock and Key

"Our lives are only the last thing we give in the line of duty."
- A Prian police motto

Xyn's shop was further from the landing crescent than Tiberius remembered. Orphia clutched tightly to his forearm, watching the passage of Gharib with remote disinterest. Grumbling, the old police officer turned down a familiar-looking side street and pushed his way through the corner crowd to take a better look.
"Ah, there it is," Tiberius told Orphia, pointing to the shop. She blinked her black eyes and turned away to preen one outstretched wing.
The name Unbreakers floated over the door in soothing oceanic blue and green holographics that contrasted sharply with the wan, dusty yellow-brown of the Gharib. The doors hissed open when Tiberius neared.
Cases of machinery lined the store's walls, full of NI generator parts, FMS relays and more pieces of metal and flashing lights that Tiberius could not even guess the names of, much less their purposes. The ceiling was nearly invisible, obscured by blocky engines and generators that were too large for display cases, suspended on cloudy null-inertia fields. A bored-looking Lyran boy sat behind the counter. Gutted in front of him on the counter was a small computer, parts arranged in untidy piles. The Lyran was frowning in consternation at a rectangle of black ceramic no larger than a fingernail. He looked up Tiberius' approach.
"Afternoon, sir. Welcome to Unbreakers. What can I do for you?" The wolfin boy's tone indicated that, despite his greeting, this intrusion on an otherwise quiet afternoon was anything but welcome.
"Is Xyn around?"
"Yeah, I think so. Try the tank room," he said, pointing a furry thumb towards a closed door in the back of the shop.
Tiberius stroked Orphia's feathers as he squeezed between racks and cases toward the indicated door. She tightened her talons uncomfortably around his arm. The unfamiliar sounds and lights agitated the old bird, and an upset hawk was the first step on a short road to losing an eye or finger.
"Come now, old girl. We won't be here long," he assured her as he shouldered the door open and stepped through.
The back rooms of Unbreakers were dedicated to Xyn's laboratory. The walls and floor were sterile white, filled with long steel tables covered in glass beakers and tube racks. A pair of huge drum tanks dominated the back wall, each aglow with flickering instrument panels. Those tanks held the phennomethylln, Tiberius knew, worth more than its weight in plastic color.
A fat Ixthian man in a pale green lab coat leaned down to scan the readouts. Like all males of his race, he was considerably shorter than an Ixthian woman.
"Get out of here!" Xyn yelled without looking up. "Chainith can help you with whatever you need. This batch is at a very delicate stage and requires special attention. Out!"
"Delicate was getting you the sample to make this sludge in the first place."
"Tiberius? Good God man, is that you?"
Xyn straightened and turned, grinning at him. The little scientist had gotten even fatter, Tiberius noted. Business must have been good. Even the Ixthian's short antennae were chubby. Xyn's multifaceted eyes gleamed a pleased white that mirrored his pale hair. He reached up to clap Tiberius on the back.
"What brings you out to our tired old star?" Xyn asked. "I know you better than that! This isn't a social call."
"I burnt off my phenno and now I need a new batch."
"Again? What happened? Lord, do I want to know? You'd get yourself into less trouble if you'd lose that damned fairy girl. Mauve, Midge whatever her name is," Xyn grumbled. He went to one of the tables and began measuring out the cloudy blue liquid phenno into a large pressure canister.
"Don't start, Xyn," said Tiberius. "You wouldn't even have a redprint for the phenno if it weren't for Maeve. I wouldn't have had a guess where to find the Nnyth to collect your sample. She took us right to one of their colonies."
Xyn did not answer. Instead, he poured half a beaker of liquid phenno into a large drum, filling the rest of the container with a syrupy suspension solution. Tiberius helped him carry it over to a shaker. Together, the two men fitted the drum into the mixer and Xyn turned it on, filling the lab with a rasping buzz. He gestured for Tiberius to sit at one of the tables.
"How's business?" Tiberius asked as he took a seat. Orphia fluttered to perch on the edge of the table, her claws screeching on the metal. Xyn winced.
"It's been good," he said, fishing around for a seat for himself. "No one uses as much phenno as you, of course. But I don't exactly have competition, so anyone who wants to carry things discreetly or who doesn't want his systems fried by an EMP pays me a visit sooner or later."
"Emphasis on pays," chuckled Tiberius.
Xyn gestured at the tanks behind them. "This batch will be up in about a week and should last me for about six months."
"Do you still have the original I brought from the hive?" Tiberius wondered.
"Heaven beyond, no. The original strands broke down a year ago. But naturally, I had the foresight to clone up a few extras. I'm using the third generation now," Xyn said with a chuckle. "There's the timer. Your phenno is up, Tiberius."
He helped Xyn wrest the canister out from the mixer. "That should be enough to lacquer up your ship. Good thing for me you don't fly anything bigger than that old junker."
"What do I owe you?"
"You know better. Someone else would have my clients if you and your Arcadian hadn't brought me the Nnyth samples in the first place. I owe you my entire business," said Xyn. "Not that I intend to give you the whole business. But I can part with some phenno from time to time. I really am grateful, you old bird-lover."
"Thanks, Xyn."
The Ixthian pointed to the door. "That's enough generosity for one day. Go on, get out of here. I've got work to do."
Tiberius hefted the phenno canister over one shoulder. The handle was wide, designed to accommodate an Ixthian's extra fingers. Comfortable enough for the walk back to the Blue Phoenix, he thought. Tiberius whistled for Orphia with one of his old police commands: come. The hawk pushed herself into the air with a single beat of her wings and glided over to land on her master's arm. Together, they exited Xyn's store.
The trip was not as easy as Tiberius had hoped. Weighed down by phenno, he was an hour in returning from Unbreakers. Sweating and cursing under his breath, the captain stumped up the cargo ramp, into the hold. He deposited the drum next to the airlock and sucked in a few deep breaths. The cool air of the Blue Phoenix was a welcome relief from the thick heat of Stray. Cool air? Gripper must have made some progress on the recycling system. Once he rested, Tiberius had to apply the phenno to the hull. Where had he put the be-damned compressor?
Tiberius was scratching his rough cheek and pondering when he heard footsteps on the catwalk above. Prompted by instincts born of fifty years on the Prian police force, Tiberius was silent. He did not call out, but listened closely. The steps were too light to be Gripper's, too heavy and measured to be Kessa's. No one else should have returned to the Blue Phoenix yet. Tiberius frowned. That left only one other passenger.
The footsteps were closer, ringing on the stairs. A clink of metal on metal; the sound of illonium on steel. Somehow, Coldhand had gotten out of his prison and now he was free on the Blue Phoenix.
Sensing her master's unease, Orphia tensed herself to fly. Tiberius searched around. He had no cover. Coldhand caught sight of the other Prian and launched himself down the stairs, taking them two and three at a time. His long-barreled Talon was already in his hand. The weapon's holster was hurriedly belted and strapped around the bounty hunter's waist, liberated from wherever Xia had stored it. Tiberius swore and reached for his NI gun, ripping it from his underarm rig.
Common sense told him to dive out of the way, that being between Coldhand and the open airlock to freedom was suicide, but Tiberius stood his ground. The Phoenix was his ship and no filthy bounty hunter was going to bully him on his own bird! Tiberius raised his gauntleted hand and whistled to Orphia. Attack!
The hawk screeched as she launched herself into the air. Tiberius aimed and fired his weapon, a warning shot over Coldhand's shoulder. The bounty hunter flung himself over the railing of the stairs. He slammed hard against the floor, rolled and sprang to his feet. Coldhand swung his Talon around to aim at Tiberius.
Orphia wheeled and dove at Coldhand, sharp talons outstretched. Coldhand raised his metal hand to shield his eyes as she plummeted. He caught the worst of her claws on the heavy illonium, but one scrabbling talon carved a deep cut along his jaw. The wound sheeted blood down Coldhand's neck and stained his borrowed shirt a dark red. The hunter's face was blank of anger, of fear or pain. Orphia pumped her wings and was in the air again, circling for another dive.
"Coldhand, stand down!" Tiberius shouted.
He intended to go on, pointing out that Coldhand's Raptor was back on Axis, that Stray was a harsh world, surely hostile to such a well-known bounty hunter, but the sharp whine of laserfire cut him off. Tiberius flung himself out of the way as a burst of red bolts burned through the air. Too slow, old man, he chastised himself. A hot line of pain burned across his shoulder.
Laserfire was invisible to the naked eye and deadly silent. Weaponized lasers added visible spectrum light for aiming and were required by CWA law to be equipped with noise generators. For some heavy color, either mechanism could be deactivated by a back-alley chop shop. But Coldhand had done neither.
The bounty hunter was circling wide across the cargo bay, but never took his eyes from his goal, the open airlock that Tiberius guarded. He fired again, forcing the older Prian to press himself against the wall beside the controls. Hoping to buy himself a second or two, Tiberius tried to close the airlock, but Coldhand fired at his questing fingers as he reached for the button. The old cop snatched his hand back with an oath. How long could he stand his ground against the younger and fitter man?
Tiberius leaned around the panel and fired again. Coldhand was on the move again, whipping himself to the side and narrowly avoiding the first few bullets. There was no way he could move fast enough to evade them all, Tiberius was sure. But Coldhand fell back with his cybernetic hand held defensively across his chest. The final bullet rang off of the illonium armor and dug deeply into his forearm, which cracked with an audible scream of tearing metal and hiss of sparks. But it stopped there, flattened against Coldhand's cybernetics.
Orphia folded her wings, falling through the laser- and gunpowder-heated air, down on Coldhand. He holstered the long-barreled laser at his hip and lifted his right hand this time. Not the plated metal of his cybernetics, but exertion-flushed skin, muscle and bone. Orphia screamed for blood. Coldhand put his fingers to his lips and whistled. Stop.
As commanded, the hawk beat her wings frantically and veered from her deadly course. Orphia wheeled into the air again and arced back towards her master, trilling her confusion. The bird calls used by the Prian police for their birds were subtle by design, one whistle barely discernible from the next to prevent the many criminals of Prianus from learning them. Tiberius stared in dazed horror at Coldhand. There was no other way he could have known the whistles unless
"No," Tiberius breathed. Coldhand was a cop. A Prian cop.
Coldhand said nothing. His blue eyes were glacier-hard. He took advantage of Tiberius' shock and dashed for the airlock. Too late, Tiberius raised his gun and yanked on the trigger. Coldhand was close enough to parry his hand aside. The bounty hunter's sparking cybernetic hand rang against the NI pistol. He balled his right hand into a fist and struck Tiberius in the stomach. The captain doubled over and stumbled away from the airlock.
Tiberius sucked in a pained breath, straightening and steadying his hand. Coldhand lashed out again and the NI pistol tumbled from Tiberius' suddenly numb fingers. Tiberius flung himself once more between the hunter and the airlock. If Coldhand escaped now, he would come after the Phoenix crew again. How many of his people would this bastard hurt or kill to get to Maeve?
But he was a cop! How could one of our own fall so low?
Coldhand was on him again, fists and feet flying. Tiberius barely saw the flurry of blows, but he heard his ribs crunch and felt the sickening pain. A high kick caught him in the temple, bouncing the old cop's skull off the orange- and black-striped frame of the airlock. The Blue Phoenix's captain fell to the floor of the hold, dazed. Coldhand leapt over him and bolted down the cargo ramp.
Tiberius grabbed clumsily at his fallen gun and rolled onto his stomach, his ribs creaking painfully. Coldhand was close enough that his wavering aim wouldn't matter. Only a handful of feet separated the two men who had once been police of the same world. Tiberius squeezed the trigger and fired two more shots as Coldhand reached the airlock. There was a sharp ping as one bullet sank into the fibersteel bulkhead. The other slug found its mark, burying itself in the back of the Coldhand's shoulder. Blood sprayed down the back of his shirt, but the hunter didn't wince or slow as he ran from the ship into Stray's faded sunlight and clinging dust.
Tiberius lurched to his feet and gave chase, following Coldhand into the cloying heat. His vision swam with spots of blistering red light. Every bellowing breath made his broken ribs scream with pain. He was too slow. Orphia soared out after him. Coldhand's command had confused the hawk and she was trying to land again on Tiberius' gauntlet.
I need backup, Tiberius thought wildly, but his right hand was clutching his NI gun, trained on Coldhand's bloodstained, retreating back. He couldn't reach his radio. Orphia was trying to land on his left, beating her wings in Tiberius' face and clutching at his forearm with questing talons. The old cop tried to holster his weapon, but his hawk's frenzied flapping made it impossible. He swore as Coldhand turned behind the low, sweeping slope of a Hyzaari transport and vanished.
"Hells take you!" Tiberius screamed to the empty air. "You're a be-damned cop! Come back here and face me, Coldhand!"
But the bounty hunter was gone. Panting, Tiberius held his hand out to Orphia. She sank her talons into his leather glove and settled her wings against her back. Tiberius leaned heavily against a pitted fueling pylon and stroked Orphia's ruffled feathers. His pulse raced, but not with fear at death having come so close, nor the rush of endorphins as they raced through his veins to dull the pain of the long burn of Coldhand's shot. When he had calmed Orphia, Tiberius thrust his NI pistol back into the rig under his arm.
It hurt, yes, but Coldhand A Prian police officer? No, that couldn't be right. Prian officers had integrity and honor. They were not the kind of men who would hunt bounties, who would sell piecemeal justice to the highest bidder! Coldhand was still young and strong. Why wasn't he back home on Prianus, fighting back the tide of crime and corruption that always threatened to overwhelm the planet?
Tiberius' old body, heavy and tired with years even then, was sore from a long day chasing a Pitch dealer through the back alleys of West Oak. He had not given up easily, but in the end, he and Orphia had chased the dealer to the ground and made the arrest.
The pain just wasn't important right now. Tiberius stood proudly in the precinct office. A younger cop, with dark blond hair and hunting-bright eyes, stood before him. Gaius raised his trembling left hand. His uniform was worn, handed down from a fallen officer that was about his size. The Prian Police Force just didn't have the money to buy them new. But Gaius wore his threadbare blues with pride. Tiberius beamed at him.
"Here before family and friends, peers and God himself, do you swear yourself to the service the world and people of Prianus? To protect the innocent, to serve those in need, to be merciless to the unjust? To serve Prianus justly, with devotion and honor?" Tiberius asked.
"I do," the young cop answered.
"By the authority entrusted to me by the Prian Council, rise as Constable Gaius Raen of the Prian Police Force. You're assigned to Oak District."
Tiberius handed Gaius his gun and badge. The old Talon-6 was scuffed and worn, but well made. The gun looked just like the one Tiberius himself wore on his belt, issued only to police and forbidden to be removed from their service. Six generations of cops had carried the badge before Gaius and it would serve many more, until it was worn unrecognizable by years of use. Perhaps even longer than that. Tiberius carefully pinned the worn badge to Gaius' chest.
"Carry these well," he said. "Remember those who carried them before you in service to Prianus and bring another generation of honour to them."
How could Coldhand break his vows? Tiberius stood and limped heavily back into the Blue Phoenix, trying not to breathe too deeply. Xia had said something once about broken ribs puncturing lungs, but he couldn't remember the details of her advice. Tiberius coaxed Orphia off of his arm to perch on the railing of the stairs, and then retrieved his com from his belt. Before he could turn it on, it beeped in his hand. Tiberius keyed open the channel.
"Myles here," he said.
"It's Xia." Her voice was tinny and thin in the small radio. "We're on our way back to the Blue Phoenix. We've got some answers for you and a couple of new questions."
"Stay where you are, Xia," Tiberius instructed. "Coldhand managed to get away. I don't know where he's going."
"I will find him," Maeve replied instantly. Her voice was barely audible over Xia's channel.
"Like hells you will, princess," Tiberius snapped. "You're the one he wants and I'm not about to just deliver you into his talons."
There was a moment of silence on the line before Maeve answered. "You have never involved yourself in the quarrel between us. I do not know why that has changed, but I swear to you that there is no need to further entangle yourself in this."
"Things have changed," Tiberius said shortly. "It's personal now. He's a cop."
"What? Why would a Prian cop be out here?" asked Xia. "Do you think Coldhand's working undercover for some kind of investigation?"
That had not occurred to Tiberius. Could it be? There was a swell of hope. "Maeve, are any of your crimes on Prianus?"
"I have never visited your homeworld," Maeve said.
"And there are no Prian colonies. Never been any money for it," sighed Tiberius. "No, Coldhand's not a cop anymore. The force is stretched thin as it is, they would never dispatch someone off-world just to take a few bounties."
"Are you sure, captain?" Xia asked. On the other end, Maeve was silent. "You're not an officer anymore, either. Maybe they've changed their practices."
"I've only been retired for a few years! I know my own homeworld, Xia," he snapped. "I'm moving the Phoenix. If Coldhand is going to come back after Maeve, it won't put him off for long, but it might buy us some time if we're not where he left us."
"Call us when you've landed again, captain," Xia said.
Tiberius cut the transmission and whistled. Orphia fluttered back to his arm and together, hawk and master made their way towards the cockpit of the Blue Phoenix. Gripper  with Kessa cringing behind him  waited for him in the corridor.
"What's going on?" the mechanic asked in a tremulous, panicked voice. Gripper pointed at Tiberius' shoulder. "Are you all right?"
"Coldhand got out and made a dive for it," Tiberius said. "We traded shots and he got away. Where the hells were you?"
"Back in the engine room, making repairs. Don't don't you think you should have Silver take a look at that?"
"When we land," he growled. His shoulder hurt damnably, but there was flying to do. He wanted to move the Blue Phoenix somewhere safer, somewhere Coldhand wouldn't think to look for them. "We're moving the ship to throw Coldhand off our scent. Get back down to the engines and make sure nothing falls out."
Gripper nodded and squeezed past Kessa, going back the way he had come. The Dailon nodded timidly to Tiberius, then followed Gripper. When he made it to the cockpit, Tiberius keyed Duaal's frequency on the communications panel.
"Where are you?"
"Just leaving the market," Duaal said. "Why do you ask?"
"Don't come back to the bird, Duaal. Do you hear me? Do not come back, not yet," Tiberius ordered him, stressing the command. "Coldhand got out and he's out there somewhere. I shot him, but I don't think it's slowed him down much. I'm moving the ship so he won't know where to go if he decides to come back. Just find a place to nest for an hour or so. I'll call you when I know it's safe."
"Don't you think I'd be more useful on the ship, Tiberius?" Duaal argued. "I can help if Coldhand comes back! I've got spells and a new knife! You can't ask me just to sit aside on this!"
"I'm not asking," Tiberius snapped. "This is an order, Duaal! Stay put until I tell you otherwise."
Spluttering in fury, Duaal cut the transmission. Tiberius sighed, leaning back in the pilot's seat and drummed his fingers unhappily on the consoles. Orphia keened and nuzzled his cheek. Tiberius jabbed the controls and fired up the Blue Phoenix's engines.

Chapter 10:
Striking Sparks

"Sometimes hate and fear are the only weapons we have."
- Gren Barviss, Lyran Consul (750 MA)

Duaal seethed. So Tiberius thought he couldn't handle one wounded bounty hunter? Who did he think Duaal was? Some ordinary, helpless little boy? He lifted his hand and snapped a few words. The air around him crackled menacingly.
I'm the only one there's ever been! A human mage! Can Coldhand say that? Or Tiberius? Or or
It was said that Coldhand felt no pain, that he was as tireless and unstoppable as a machine. He was a ruthless hunter and, when the situation demanded it, an efficient killer. But he was just one man, Duaal told himself excitedly, with a reputation surpassing his own only because the mage hadn't yet had the chance to prove himself!
Stray's fat crimson sun was setting. It would be night soon. Scattered shadows and their owners drifted home through the darkening streets. In the circle of the great marketplace, vendors hawked their remaining wares with peaked desperation as their business wandered away. As the last customers vanished into the sinking twilight, merchants unfolded static covers and closed their stalls for the evening.
Where to begin? He was hunting the hunter! The excitement tasted hot and metallic. Duaal tapped his fingers against the jug of delberry wine, thinking. Gharib was not the biggest city on Stray, but it was certainly large enough for a single bounty hunter to lose himself in. Tiberius said that he shot Coldhand. Unless some of the really wild rumors were true  that the monster had nitric coolant running through his veins instead of blood, or that he was really a robot, not human  he would be bleeding from the wound. If he was on the run, Coldhand would need to put some distance between himself and Tiberius before he could stop to tend the injury. So he was leaving a blood trail, right?
Quite pleased with his cleverness, Duaal made his way back toward the Blue Phoenix. He stopped three landing pads down from where his ship had been berthed. He peered around the rounded nose of another ship that, to guess by the liquid lines and the name  Riptide  came from Hyzaar. Like Duaal himself.
Beyond, the Phoenix was still grounded, probably waiting for clearance from Stray's automated air control system. Duaal frowned. He would have preferred to start there, but he did not want to risk Tiberius seeing and stopping him. Duaal circled the landing, searching for the telltale signs of Coldhand's blood. It wasn't until he looped back around to the other side of the Riptide that he found what he was looking for.
Duaal felt vaguely disappointed at the tiny cinnamon-colored spray. He had expected a great red splash of gushing life-blood. He leaned close to examine the daub of gore. They weren't drops, but smeared fingerprints. There must have been blood on the bounty hunter's hand. Duaal squinted. His right hand, since there were tiny, whorled ridges in the crusted blood. The cybernetic fingers of the hunter's left hand were smooth and wouldn't have left marks like that.
A moment later, Duaal realized that just checking which side the thumbprint was on would have told him the same thing, but he was still glowing at his clever discoveries and brilliant deductions. What any of it actually told him, Duaal admitted that he didn't really know. That didn't make him any less proud of his investigation. He set down his heavy wine and leaned against the Riptide, wondering what to do next.
"Oi, what y' doin' there?" asked someone behind Duaal.
Duaal jumped up and whirled to see a woman in oil-spotted orange coveralls frowning at him. Her skin was tanned and lined from the sun, her dark hair braided into a long tail. She flinched nervously, eyeing Duaal. He straightened and gave her his brightest, sweetest smile.
"Is this your ship?" he asked.
"Na, 's not mine," the woman said, shaking her head. Her accent was distinctly Hyzaari, but much, much thicker than Duaal's. "I jus' work on it."
She jabbed a thumb over her shoulder to a tall fuel pylon extended out of the Riptide and the flashing red that indicated it was in use. Perhaps Duaal's smile was working. Her posture lost some of its defensive rigidity.
"Th' cap'n is in th' city takin' care o' some business. Maybe I kin be helpin' y'?" she said hopefully.
"Maybe you can. She's a big ship. Must take a lot of fuel. Been filling for a while now?"
The woman nodded. "Ya, for 'bout an hour now."
"Has there been any fighting? A man running from that ship?" Duaal pointed at the Blue Phoenix.
"O ya, two o' them. A man wi' a metal arm. Imagine a man like tha' these days! It looked broken. Sparkin', y' see? An' an older man chasin' him. Had a bird or somethin' on his arm. Must be one o' those Prians. They were tradin' fire, so I ducked behind th' station there," the woman said. She gestured at a small control station at the base of the pylon. "Th' old man yelled for a while, then went back t' his ship."
"Did you see which way the other man went, the one with the cybernetics?" Duaal asked eagerly. He was getting closer
"I think he was headin' off that way," she said, pointing north.
"He'd been shot," Duaal told her, indicating the blood on the nose of the ship where Coldhand might have steadied himself. "Did you see where he was bleeding from?"
The technician shook her head as she answered. "Na, I didn' see. He was bleedin' pretty bad, but I couldn' tell y' where it was comin' from."
Duaal thanked her. He could find out for himself how badly Coldhand was wounded when he finally cornered the hunter. More importantly, Duaal knew which way Coldhand was going! Duaal made his way north, weaving between the landed ships in search of his quarry. The landing pads formed a large crescent on the west side of Gharib, running in a long curve north and south on the city's edge. The Blue Phoenix was to the south, so Coldhand had fled further up there, not into the city. So close to Gharib, most were filled with passenger ships rather than the cargo vessels that made berth further out. The majority were small starships that carried no more than ten or twenty. Stray was hardly a vacationing port.
As evening crept over the city, shops and bars turned on bright holographic signs and neon lights, illuminating the dusty horizon like a discarded Waytide decoration. Duaal made his way up the main landing road. Vehicles on their NI fields rumbled along beside him. Duaal flipped up his collar against the rising wind. Stray's sun was half hidden behind the curved horizon, sinking Gharib into deep russet shadows. It was getting cold.
Duaal scanned the street, full of vehicles moving cargo or supplies to or from ships, but scattered with very few pedestrians. Most everyone was already in the city, bedding down for the night or drinking it away. What could Coldhand want in the landing crescent that he couldn't find in Gharib? It wasn't a place for a lone man to lose himself in the crowd, much less one who was so obviously wounded and deformed. Surely Coldhand realized that.
Maybe he was searching for a medic? The hunter was injured, after all. But why search out a ship medic when he could just as easily find a hospital in Gharib? The city doctors were almost as corrupt as the police, but would Coldhand find any better in the landing crescent?
Besides, this is Coldhand we're talking about! Duaal thought. He probably doesn't even feel it.
Coldhand had not really bled very much. There was no blood trail to follow and only a little smudge of it back on the Riptide. The waterfalls of blood described by the Hyzaari technician were probably a fearful or fanciful exaggeration.
If Coldhand wasn't trying to hide in the city or get medical attention, where was he going? To get off Stray, Duaal realized. Back to his nameless starfighter, still on Axis, equipped with more than enough weaponry to take down the much larger but unarmed Blue Phoenix. Coldhand had been chasing Maeve for the better part of a year and never seemed to have any kind of difficulty in finding her. The detour to retrieve his Raptor was probably an acceptable delay.
Aimlessly, Duaal wandered along the street. He had no idea where to go or what to do next. The entire roadway was lined with grounded ships, crossed by myriad tributary streets leading to the next rows of landing pads. One by one, the ships and cargo haulers flipped on their nightlights, etching the landing crescent in glaring reds and greens. Coldhand could be safely hidden inside any one of them. Hells, he might already be gone, up in the big black and on his way back to Axis. Duaal stopped and glared through the deepening darkness of the Stray night.
An elegant silver ship rested across the street. It was all curving, swooping lines and delicate chromium filigree that threw back the surrounding lights like a broken mirror. Kahli design? They were very expensive, highly customized by the Narsus shipyards.
A gleaming white figure stood at the bottom of an extended boarding ramp. The darkening night and layers of pale cloth disguised race or gender from a distance. The posture seemed all wrong and the covered face was raised, contemplating the stars, staring just like Duaal. What if they had seen Coldhand? Maybe he could still bring the hunter back to Tiberius! Duaal waited for a pack of bikes to pass and then ran across the road to the lowered ramp. He grabbed the white-shrouded figure by the shoulder.
"Did you see a man with a metal hand come this way?" he demanded. "He would have been bleeding."
She was considerably shorter than Duaal, delicately feminine under his hand. What he had mistaken for a cloak from a darkened distance, Duaal saw, were long white-feathered wings, nearly lost against the soft white cloud of her flowing gown. An Arcadian? On a ship like this? Was she a servant? The dry wind rustled her feathers and tugged at her dress. It was expensive, too, just like the ship. Layers of silver-embroidered white silk were knotted at the waist with an intricately wrought gold belt, beaded with glass. Her back was straight and her chin held high. Duaal doubted that such a woman would ever serve another.
A hood of snowy velvet was pulled up over her face and a gossamer veil fixed across her high, sharp cheekbones. Small silver discs dangled from the edge, chiming musically in the evening breeze. Duaal was about to repeat his questions, but his voice died in his throat. Her eyes were lined in ashen silver and gray makeup that curled down across her cheeks in graceful arcs and vanishing behind her veil. It wasn't the exquisite paint job that arrested Duaal, but her eyes themselves, the only color anywhere. They were a deep violet, the color of lilacs at twilight. They were beautiful and sad, but proud and defiant. The strange Arcadian woman stirred Duaal's blood like a hot red tide.
So beautiful
Duaal had no idea how long he stood there, falling into the Arcadian woman's gaze before a loud cry roused him from his reverie.
"Lady Xartasia!"
A pair of men raced down the boarding ramp behind the Arcadian woman. They were also robed and hooded, but in black instead of white, and not nearly as fine of cut or weave. The one who had shouted was human with unremarkable blond hair poking out from under his hood, but his accent marked him as Cyran, from the old farming colony. A thick-bodied Lyran with singed-looking fur was close on his heels. Both drew laser pistols and leveled them at Duaal.
"You, stand back!" the Lyran barked.
Duaal scowled, but lifted his hand from the Arcadian woman's shoulder and stepped back. The human guard bowed to the Arcadian, who must have been Xartasia.
"My lady, are you all right?" he asked her.
Annoyed as he was at being treated like any old piece of Gharib trash, Duaal actually hoped he had not disturbed her. Xartasia lifted a slim, delicate hand, perfectly white and smooth and pointed at him, curiosity in her eyes. His heart fluttered in his chest. She looked him up and down, embracing and caressing him with her stunning eyes. She took in Duaal's clothes, the arcane symbols and strange words.
"I have not seen such marks in many years, young one," she said. "Such dreams you give me, of my home, if only for a moment. For that moment, I thank you. You are searching for someone?"
Duaal swooned. Xartasia's voice was smooth and sweet as the finest golden mantle syrup. It was the most beautiful thing he had ever heard. "Yes, my lady."
"A human man with hand crafted of metal, wounded and bleeding, you said. I have seen this one, I believe. Has he blond hair and the stark bearing of a warrior?"
"Yes. Yes, he's a bounty hunter and he's after one of my crewmates."
Xartasia regarded him with those luminous, heart-stopping violet eyes. "A hunter who hunts one of your own. For that, will you kill this man when you find him?"
Duaal paused. Kill him? "No, not kill him I just want to stop him before he gets off Stray. I want to take him back to Tiberius."
Xartasia stepped closer to him, her white skirts whispering. She stroked his cheek with cool alabaster fingers. Her guards still held their weapons at the ready and watched the scene carefully, but did not interfere.
"He hunts one of you. This man would bring death and pain upon those who are dear to you," Xartasia said, enticing and persuasive.
Duaal wished he could see her lips, but they were invisible behind her veil. "She the one he's after She's not really dear to me," he objected half-heartedly.
Something flickered in Xartasia's glorious eyes. Why did she care what he did? But Duaal couldn't help the warm surge of gratitude. She did care. Did it matter why? Xartasia slipped behind him, wrapping her long, soft wings around the mage's shoulders.
"This man is a monster. A monster of metal that lives by the blood of the hunted, of the fearful and fleeing. A beast of nightmares, unnatural and misshapen, that spreads pain and horror like a plague. Extinguish the black flame of this man's life and cleanse the worlds of an unsightly stain," she urged.
If it would please Xartasia, maybe it's a good idea
Duaal's head spun. Xartasia's words made a kind of sense. Bounty hunters were fringe rogues themselves, not much better than the criminals they hunted. Coldhand was worse than most. He hunted Maeve, a woman he didn't much care for but whose loss would be a painful blow to Tiberius. If Duaal killed Coldhand, the captain would thank him for his bravery. Maybe he would even realize that Duaal would be a far better first mate than Maeve and elevate him above the drunken, chemical-addicted fairy.
"This man has the looks of a fearsome warrior. To conquer him, you must be strong," Xartasia said. "But I believe you have just such strength."
She smelled of flowers. Xartasia was waiting, her wings enfolding him in a blissfully silky, sweetly perfumed embrace. Maeve was wanted herself, wasn't she? She had done something to earn a bounty on her head. She didn't belong on the Blue Phoenix. Logan Coldhand was ruthless and inhuman, but at least what he did was legal. Duaal was not aware of a single warrant for his arrest or execution. And yet if he killed Coldhand, wasn't he just becoming a criminal himself? Wouldn't he be the same brutal creature as the hunter?
"No, I couldn't. I can't kill him," Duaal said at last, full of regret.
Reluctantly, he pulled away from Xartasia's clinging white wings. She released him, looking up at the human with disappointment in her lilac eyes. Duaal felt sick at letting this exquisite, angelic creature down.
"Your heart is sullen and your spirit is placid, boy. The Great Dance will not suffer for your absence. You are uncommitted to any cause greater than yourself," Xartasia told him dismissively. She turned away. Duaal felt as though he had been kicked in the stomach. She gestured imperiously to her Cyran guard. "I have business to tend to in this place."
She wasn't even going to tell him which way Coldhand went. They were all ignoring Duaal now. He felt small, insignificant, and hated it.
Xartasia's human guardian bowed deeply. "Yes, my lady. The cathedral is this way," he said, nodding to the east. "He is waiting for you."
"Remain with my ship," Xartasia told the Lyran.
The second guard bowed, too, and took up his position. Xartasia spread her wings and leapt into the darkened sky, her skirts rippling in the breeze. Duaal found himself gazing after her with the same expression of devoted adoration as the other two men. Her perfect whiteness shone against the night for a moment, dwindled and then was gone.
The Cyran shook himself and holstered his gun, then cursed and jogged east after the departing Arcadian. He was Xartasia's escort to the cathedral he had spoken of, Duaal supposed, but she didn't bother wait to for him. For anyone, probably. The man had quite a run ahead of him if he hoped to catch up to the lovely Xartasia.
Duaal turned back to the Lyran who had been left behind. Now that Xartasia was gone, he felt a little more like himself. What was it about that woman that muddled him so?
Well, it doesn't matter now, does it? She's gone.
Maybe her companion was a little more friendly. He had put away his gun, at least.
"So did you see him, the man I'm looking for?" Duaal asked.
The canine man growled at him. "If Lady Xartasia didn't see fit to tell you, I don't see why I should! Get along, boy!"
"Then you did see him," Duaal said with an impudent smirk. Maybe not friendly, but not too smart, either. "So, tell me which way he went. I can't be wasting any more time. I've got to find him!"
"You heard the lady," the Lyran barked. "Go away!"
"Tell me!" Duaal demanded, drawing himself up and glaring at the guard.
The Lyran snarled angrily, his hackles bristling and laying his one ear flat against his skull. He bared long, sharp teeth. "Run home to the bitch that spawned you, pup! Stop whining for a rip or I'll give it to you!"
He placed his hand over the butt of his laser pistol. Duaal raised his hands before him and laced the fingers together in a jagged pattern.
"Na illya ma'naari su," he chanted.
The air around his hands cracked and flickered with twisting bolts of blue-white lightning. The Lyran shrank back and curled his tail awkwardly between his robed legs.
"Tell me!"
The blaze of electricity had already faded, but the effect  and the smell of ozone  lingered. Shaking, the Lyran pointed to an empty landing pad just down the road.
"The man with the cybernetics went to the ship that was landed there," he whined, cringing back from Duaal. "It was unmarked. I don't know where it was from. It took off half an hour ago."
"Was he on board when they left?"
"I don't know," the Lyran said. "I think so."
"You have avoided death today," Duaal announced grandly and turned away.
Inwardly, he swore. Too late! Coldhand was long gone, either on the indicated ship, or somewhere else in the landing crescent. Either way, Duaal had no way to find him. If he was off planet, he was going to Axis and there was no way to catch up. There was still work to do on Stray, anyway. Nothing to do but hope that it was done before Coldhand could return.
The Lyran said something quietly. Duaal looked back over his shoulder.
"What?" he asked.
"I told you what you wanted to know. Will you kill me now?"
"What?" Duaal asked again, aghast.
"I am not afraid. I'm ready."
The Lyran certainly looked ready. He was still on his knees, head bowed and ready for execution. Duaal stared in horror and turned away. He didn't even want to kill Coldhand, much less this fellow. It was time to go home and he had nothing to show for his investigation or confrontation. Behind him, the Lyran had fallen silent.
The mage thrust his hands in his pockets and walked away. Somewhere along the way, Duaal had lost the jug of delberry wine purchased from Ssassi. He had probably set it down at some point and forgotten to pick it up again. Fifty cenmarks thrown away for some Gharib vagrant to pick up and drink, Duaal thought grumpily. Still, the evening had not been a total loss, he reflected. He looked up at the sky and wondered where Xartasia was.
Whether or not it had been the truth, the Lyran had told Duaal nothing of use. And he had just used his spells to threaten the man! If he wanted to die, why had he been frightened? Had it even been fear? Or something else?
God, what did it matter? Duaal felt sick. It didn't change what he had done. Using his magic to impress was one thing, but to threaten another. Was he no better than his master?
The Jinn couldn't even scream anymore. Her delicate amber leaves blackened and smoked under the jagged blue curls of lightning. Duaal's master released the spell and the Jinn girl pitched forward, twigs and charred boughs snapping as she fell to the concrete floor. He stomped his black boot down on her branches. Tears streamed down Duaal's cheeks, but he dared not move from his master's side.
"Answer me and your pain will end," said the old man. His tone was one of gentle compromise, even as the Jinn's branches crunched under his feet.
"Why are you asking me? Ask the Arcadians! Or the Nnyth!" she wailed.
"Their Ivory Spire adepts are all dead. Even the Arcadian princess doesn't know. She was never trained in those spells. The Nnyth don't speak a civilized language, so I can ask them nothing. Tell me!"
Please just tell him, Duaal wished silently. Make it stop!
"What do you want with such old magic? What you've already learned is more than most can master and those spells are of no use to you here in the core!"
"If they are so useless, then why do you fight me? Give me the spells!"
"I believe I believe I will decline your generous offer," the Jinn groaned. She closed her berry-like eyes. "What is of no use to me is clearly all too vital to you. If you master the Waygates, you could bring your gentle touch to any world. Better to die well."
Duaal was touched. She would rather let the horrible old man kill her than give up the secrets he wanted. But his master was unimpressed. He grabbed the Jinn by the boughs and hauled her up to her roots, chanting another spell in his powerful, rich voice. The words rang through Duaal's mind and rose in his throat like bile, unwelcome but inexorable. He was screaming his master's words.
To any other coreworlder, they would have meant nothing. Even to those who knew the language, they would have seemed like nonsense, random words strung together into gibberish, but the young Hyzaari made sense of them. He understood, and that understanding lent power and form.
The air crackled and hissed. Duaal's ears popped as the lightning burned up the air in the room and surged at the captive Jinn. Her bark split and cracked, baring soft wood beneath that smoked and charred. Leaves burned away to drifting ash and the Jinn girl lay still as an ordinary tree.
The monotone beeping of his com, clipped to his belt, brought Duaal back to the moment. He picked it up and keyed it on. "Duaal here."
"The bird's secure now. You can come back," Tiberius told him. "Are you safe? You haven't run into Coldhand, have you?"
"I'm fine. Haven't seen Coldhand all evening," said Duaal truthfully.

Chapter 11:
Full Circle

"Guilt weighs heavy on the heart, but to consider how little we give it, forgiveness must be even heavier."
- Reverend Devin Malone, The Union of Light (163 PA)

It was well into the night, cold and dark outside the Blue Phoenix. By the time the ship had been thoroughly searched for any nasty surprises Coldhand might have left behind  there did not seem to be any  it was too late to attend the speech on the steps of the black cathedral that Anthem had told Xia about.
"How did he get out?" Tiberius demanded.
He was pacing back and forth across the medical bay, limping heavily. Xia grabbed him firmly and pulled the agitated captain back down. There was a small operating table and the bare rudiments of surgical instruments were laid out. They lay still against their tray, fixed magnetically to keep them in place even during bumpy atmospheric flying. Since most injuries were sustained in the air, it was best to be ready to operate even under the most turbulent conditions.
"Sit down, Tiberius!" Xia snapped. "Those pain chems I gave you aren't helping you if you just make the injuries worse. Do you want to be laid up for the next month?"
She tipped sharp-smelling antiseptic onto a cotton pad and resumed cleaning the burn in Tiberius' shoulder. His shirt and gun rig were piled on the counter. The old Prian's chest was a rug of gray hair laced by a network of thick scars that mapped out fifty years of service to the Prian police. If only his people had access to better medical care Xia sighed.
Gripper held out a scuffed datadex to Tiberius. "Looks like he used this to pry up the access panel and then rewired the door. It must have taken him days. You can't just rip out a handful wires like in the shows," he said, then groaned. "It's going to take twice as long to fix. Freezer didn't really know what he was doing. It's a mess."
Tiberius growled and lifted the datadex to fling it angrily across the room, but Xia gave him a long, stern look he until rested it in his lap instead. The Ixthian put aside the bloodstained pad and began taping a clean white bandage over the burn.
"Damned lasers," she complained. She hated the things. "They cauterize the shot."
"Doesn't that make them easier to fix?" Duaal asked. "They don't bleed too much."
"No, they don't. But they get infected. Antibodies are carried by blood and if blood can't reach the burn, it gets infected," she said and looked pointedly at Tiberius. "Especially if the patient keeps pulling off the bandages. Keep the burn covered. It has to stay clean."
"But laser burns itch," he grumbled.
"They itch because they're healing."
Tiberius looked down at the datadex in his hands rather than meeting the medic's irritated maternal gaze. Idly, he flipped it on. "I wonder if he ever even read this thing. I'd like to think it might have taught him a thing or two about loyalty. But if he didn't learn it as a police officer, I doubt a book would have a prayer."
Tiberius blinked at the datadex and his face twisted with anger. This time, he did hurl it across the room. Xia scowled disapprovingly and Gripper ducked out of the way. The datadex smashed on one of the white cabinets and dropped to the floor. The Arboran gingerly picked up the datadex by one corner. The broken screen was a muddy spiderweb of cracks.
"I'm going to kill that bastard! He's betrayed his uniform, his oath to Prianus," Tiberius raged. He stood, pulling away from Xia as she examined his ribs. He pointed furiously at the datadex Gripper held. "And he overwrote my book! I'll call that bastard down and burn him so bad there won't be anything left to put on his pyre! Coldhand, you damnable traitor!"
Desperately, Xia caught Tiberius by his uninjured shoulder and pulled the captain back to the examination table. "Calm down. I don't have a reconstruction chamber to deal with these ribs. You've cracked three of them and you've got to be careful until they heal."
The hunter was a deadly opponent. Xia had been treating Maeve long enough to be familiar with his bloody work. Tiberius had recounted the fight once the crew had reconvened at the Blue Phoenix. Xia suspected that his injured head, driving him to the ground and out of Coldhand's path to freedom, was the only thing that had saved Tiberius' life.
"Hey, Freezer wrote something!" Gripper exclaimed. The mechanic held out the cracked datadex. Maeve took it and angled the screen against the sterile fluorescent lights, squinting to make out the words.
"The Sacred Temple of Creation," she read. "Vanora."
"What does that mean?" Xia asked.
"There is a drug by the name of Vanora White," said Maeve. "I injected Logan with it when we last battled, but it failed to affect him. I see no reason why he would write it here."
Gripper rubbed his bald head, thinking. "Isn't Vanora the old name for Axis? Before it became the capital of the Alliance?"
"I think you're right, Gripper," Xia said. She smiled at him. "You know Alliance history better than the natives do."
"I had to take a citizenship test," the Arboran admitted with a blush. Xia laughed at that.
"But what does that have to do with the Sacred Church of whatever?" Duaal asked.
"The Sacred Temple of Creation," Kessa corrected quietly.
Xia looked at her. She had all but forgotten that the Dailon was even in the room, perched on a stool in the corner.
"It sounds familiar," she said. "I think I've heard it before, from Xel. She was the Ixthian woman who led us. You met her, Maeve."
"What did she say?" Tiberius' face was still very red, but he seemed to have recovered from his rage at least well enough to rejoin the conversation. Xia examined his knee, as he lay stretched out on the table with his pant leg pushed up. The Ixthian frowned and pulled an imager over the strained joint, attached by a long arm to the side of the table.
"I don't really remember," said Kessa.
"If I can just get access to the local mainstream, I'm sure I can find out," Gripper offered.
He grinned. Gripper was eager to have an excuse to spend some time on the computer, Xia was certain. The Arboran loved any excuse to play with machines or electronics. He was young and relatively new to the technologies of the core, still awed and fascinated by every wire and blinking light.
Xia cleared her throat. "You haven't torn anything in your knee when you fell, Tiberius, but it was a near thing. The tendons are strained and brittle. You're old. I'm going to give you some supplements to help repair the damage."
"I hate pills," Tiberius grumbled. "Can't you just give me a shot?"
"No, I can't. I don't have any needles strong enough to get through your thick hide," Xia said with an exasperated sigh. "I don't have any suspension fluid for an injection. You'll have to take the capsules."
Tiberius groaned and turned back to Gripper. "I'll give you the colour for a connection, Anandrou. But tomorrow. I don't want you out in Gharib in the middle of the night."
"I am certain that Logan gave this information to us for a purpose. Perhaps further planning should wait until Gripper has learned what he can," Maeve suggested.
Tiberius nodded. Xia handed him a bottle of glucosamine and callosen tablets and then pronounced the old Prian free to go. Tiberius pulled his shirt back over his head and the crew followed him out of the medical bay. Once out in the corridors of the Blue Phoenix, they scattered to find their bunks.
Xia followed Maeve and caught up with her in the small mess area. She cleared her throat and waited until the fairy stopped. Maeve turned on her heels to face Xia, frowning.
"Maeve, what happened to your planet? I've wondered, but I never wanted to ask you," Xia said. She was nervous about approaching the temperamental winged woman, but she couldn't contain her curiosity. She had to know.
"Why do you ask now? It is not a song of grace or beauty, only of treachery and destruction. Are there not troubles enough right now to satisfy you?"
"You're the only Arcadian I've ever really spoken with, Maeve. Until today, I suppose. That man, Anthem" The memory of the thin, malnourished and mistreated man was still fresh and raw in Xia's mind. "I always thought that you were the only one But I'm beginning to wonder if all Arcadians are like like you."
Xia flushed a little. She could think of no better way to say it. The galaxy was a hard and savage place, but Xia prided herself on being tactful and gentle in the face of it all. But Maeve was
"Inebriated, wasted? A criminal?" Maeve scoffed. "One who is employed under only the faintest faade of legal profession by the graces of a forgiving captain?"
Xia cleared her throat and did not rise to the bait of Maeve's abusive banter. A gentle touch. Maybe if Maeve knew someone cared, she would open up. "The Arcadians' appearance in the core is fairly well documented, but not what drove them here. It happened long before I was hatched. I just wonder what could turn all of the fairies sour."
"All of the fairies," Maeve said bitterly. "No, not all."
"What do you mean?"
"Most are dead. Less than one of ten lived, and all of those were my kind, the Arcadians, the aerads."
"Aerads?" Xia gave her a blank look. "Only aerads? Does that mean there were others?"
"The White Kingdom was home to three races of fae. The aerads, dryads and nyads. All are dead now, taken amidst screaming and flame and given to the Nameless in accordance with her ancient pact with the All-Singer. Only the Arcadians remain, a shattered fragment of ourselves."
"So what actually happened?" Xia asked. "How did they all die?"
"The Arcadian worlds were connected by the great Waygates. The White Kingdom was not alone in their use. The Jinn and the Nnyth are well-versed in the lore of the Waygates," said Maeve.
"I've heard a little about them. They were instantaneous, right?" Xia asked. She sat down at the table, waiting politely and listening.
Maeve turned another chair and seated herself. "Yes. Each Waygate requires a skilled operator. The adepts of the Ivory Spire were trained in those arts. Once they mastered their craft, they paired with a knight who protected them as they sang their spells. A century ago, as you count time, one of these young knights damned us all."
"I thought the Arcadian year was the same as the Alliance CSY," Xia protested. She bit her silver lip and hoped that Maeve was not offended.
"No. A natural year is two hundred eighty-eight days, made up of twelve months, each three weeks long," Maeve said. "So it has been considerably longer in years, by our count."
"Arcadian weeks are eight days long? It must be nice to have three day weekends," Xia joked. "So what happened?"
"On this occasion, the knight left her Spire companion  a young prince of the royal family  behind in the city of Tamlin, on the world of Orindell. In her supreme arrogance, she attempted to open the Waygate herself, the sacred task of the Spire adepts alone. When her spells faltered, she did not call for the aid of the other priests. In the end, she opened the Waygate, but her spells were terribly wrong, twisted beyond belief. What came through was nothing less than death Herself."
"What was it?" Xia asked, breathless. "What came through?"
"An army of monsters poured through. They appeared much as the spawn of the Nameless; wingless, taller even than the Hadrians and Ixthians. I can tell you very little more of their look. They were shrouded as though in impenetrable smoke. Perhaps that was their true body, I do not know. It obeyed their wills, forming all too solid blades one moment, dissolving as our knights tried to shatter the weapon, only to be replaced by thorned whips or curved axes. They carried guns, too, more powerful and destructive than any weapon I have seen in the core.
"They surged through the Waygate by the thousands. The prince flew to the gate, hoping to close it, but he could not undo what his companion had done. He was the first killed by the invading creatures. They tore him down from the sky and descended upon him before he could run. They cut his wings from his back so that he could not flee as they fed."
"A prince?" Xia asked in a whisper. "From your family?"
"My brother. Caith," she said.
"They they ate him?" Xia was aghast. Eating a sentient creature? What kind of monster would do that? She felt ill.
Maeve nodded. Tears shone in her lashes, trembled and spilled over, down onto her sallow, dirty cheeks. "His body torn open and consumed as he screamed, his skull split and the contents devoured. They left only splintered bones and entrails."
"My God. I'm sorry, Maeve. Please, you don't have to tell me," Xia breathed. The poor woman! Xia wished she had never asked, but Maeve was not done talking.
"For three months, my people fought. The Devourers, as we began to call them, consumed ate every thinking creature on Orindell," Maeve said flatly. "As the fae fled through the other Waygates, the Devourers followed, ravaging every world of the White Kingdom. Millions died as they continued to flood through the open Waygate on Orindell.
"The final stand was made in the white city of Arcadia, the shining seat of Cavain's house, on Illisem. There was no hope of victory against the Devourers. By then, only a million Arcadians remained. The dryads and nyads, less martial than we, were all dead.
"The last knights fought back the Devourers as our remaining scholars  for there were no adepts of the Ivory Spire still living  tried to open the city Waygates. No one cared where they opened to, if only it was far from the death and ruin that were the last hours of Arcadia.
"The toll was high and the risk was great. After all, was it not the inexpert opening of the Tamlin Waygate that had led to such destruction? But we were desperate. We prayed for salvation. But the Waygates were opened. Five of them, one each leading to the human homeworlds. Why the Waygates sought out these worlds, we do not know. You know well the welcome we found when the Arcadians passed through into Alliance space."
"You were a knight, right? What did you do?" Xia asked hesitantly. "Were you fighting in Arcadia?"
"None of the Ivory Tower adepts had survived the carnage, but after studying the flawed opening spell, I flew to the Waygate on Orindell, the heart of our sorrows. I took with me a great knight of the kingdom and my love, Sir Orthain Fyre. He held the Devourers at bay in Tamlin as I struggled with the Waygate.
"Orthain died defending my efforts, but I finally closed the gate. The initial spells that allowed the Devourers into Arcadia were flawed, binding their presence in our world to the misused gate. When I closed the Waygate, the Devourers were banished once again to wherever they came from.
"But it was far too late to save my people. The White Kingdom was gone. The tattered survivors fled into the heart of the galaxy, leaving our lands empty of life. Our cities over five worlds  the work of ten millennia  smashed like delicate flowers," Maeve finished bitterly.
"What happened to the other knight, the one who opened the Waygate in the first place?"
Maeve shook her head. "No one knows," she said shortly.
"You can't blame her," Xia said gently. "It sounds like the entire thing was an accident."
"She killed Caith and Orthain! My enarrii my beloved ones!" She was weeping into her hands and shaking with great sobs. The hot, angry tears like Xia had never seen from Maeve. "I will watch her suffer! I will see her dead for what she has done!"
"Maeve" Xia said. She took Maeve's trembling hands. "You can't stay angry like this. It's done, it's all past now"
Maeve jerked her hands from Xia's comforting grip and stalked away. The silver-skinned woman sat back, stunned. She mulled over the story in silence, but still had no idea what to think of such horrors. It was hard to blame Maeve for trying to drown such terrible memories in narcohol and chems, but the fairy's depression was dangerous, potentially even suicidal. Xia was a healer. She just could not condone that kind of behavior, but she had no idea how to help Maeve.
Xia sighed. She didn't know what to do or think, so she followed the examples of the rest of the crew and went to her bunk for some sleep.
______

Discussion of their plans resumed early the next afternoon. Xia recounted the details of what the despondent Anthem Calloren had told her to the rest of the crew. Some of them made her listeners, especially Kessa, recoil.
Tiberius was sitting at the mess table, shoveling down a plate of pan-browned minnas from Gripper's garden. The starchy tuber was native to Hyzaar, but early CWA colonists discovered that the minnas thrived on a variety of worlds, and made it a staple of core world diets. Duaal was picky and ate little, but Kessa made up for him. Maeve declined lunch, instead taking long pulls off of a bottle and belching loudly.
Gripper burst in through the door, brandishing a datadex triumphantly in his claws. He startled Orphia, who was perched on the back of Tiberius' chair, and she took to the air. Everyone had to duck as she circled. When she found nothing to attack, the hawk settled once again on her master's seat. Gripper smiled sheepishly.
"Sorry," he apologized to Orphia, who ignored him. He addressed the rest of the crew. "I found them!"
"Found who?" Tiberius asked. Xia tried to hand Gripper a plate of minnas, but the excited Arboran didn't even notice.
"The Sacred Temple of Creation," he announced. "Or, as they're called these days, the Sisterhood."
"What? They're the same thing?" Duaal asked sharply.
"Sort of. I never would have found it if Freezer hadn't given me that hint about Vanora. It's a pretty well buried piece of history," Gripper said. He glanced down at the datadex in his hands for reference. "It was about three hundred years ago, even before the Arcadians were here, Smoke. When the Central World Alliance was just being created, this faith still called itself the Sacred Temple of Creation. They were a pretty major religion on Vanora back before the Alliance was formed.
"You know their sorts of tenets. Women are goddesses, men are trash, and so on. The other worlds were pretty horrified and started supporting the Temple's enemies. The subjugated men started rebelling and leaving. The Sacred Temple of Creation was almost completely destroyed.
"About seventy years later, a few of their priestesses tried to revive the faith and renamed it the Sisterhood of Life, but most just called it the Sisterhood. The religion started to find some followers, but the Alliance didn't want the Temple revived under any name. So, with the backing of the CWA Armed Forces, the Axis ruling council had most of the Sisters arrested for anything they could. Kidnapping, rape, assault and even a few counts of murder. The Sisterhood tried to plead religious indulgence in court, but it didn't work. Every one of them got a life sentence.
"In prison, they began spreading their religion around. There are rumors from all over the core worlds about cults and gangs of the Sisterhood that have cropped up. All quiet, all illegal. I doubt we could find a single planet in the CWA that they don't have at least some small presence on," Gripper concluded.
"So there's nowhere for me to go?" Kessa asked dejectedly. "They're everywhere?"
"Not necessarily," Tiberius said, looking at Xia.
"He's right," she agreed with a nod. "They were here, but if what Anthem told us is true, the Nihilist church has run the Sisterhood off of Stray."
"We are not yet sure that this new cult is any less dangerous," Maeve objected. "We know even less of them than we do of the Sisterhood of Life. We cannot make a home for Kessa and her child on a world that may hold even more peril for her than Axis."
"But this Church of Nihil shouldn't have a reason to come after me," Kessa said.
Maeve balanced her fork in her fingers, as if weighing the Dailon girl's words on it. "If they have quarrel enough with the Sisterhood to drive them away, they may hunt you for past allegiances."
"This church has somehow chased off any Sisters on Stray," Gripper agreed. "They might do it to you, too."
"Xia and Maeve missed the Nihilist's sermon last night, but there will be another one soon, according to that Arcadian hawk. Some of you should go and have a listen. Maybe it'll give us some idea if they're a threat to Kessa," Tiberius said. He pointed to Xia and Maeve. "You two were going to go before Coldhand flew off. Anandrou, will you be done with those repairs soon?"
"If it'll get me a chance to go out into the city some, I can have the SL engine singing the Prian anthem by tonight," Gripper said with a broad grin. "I've never been to Gharib!"
"A functional air recyc' system will be fine. Then you can go with them. Duaal, I want you here on the ship to help protect Kessa in case Stray isn't as safe as we hope."
"Now you want me protecting her?" Duaal asked. "Funny, you didn't seem to think I was good for anything when Coldhand got away!"
"That's enough, Duaal."
"Yes, captain," the mage replied sullenly.
Kessa seemed to be struggling to say something. Xia offered her an encouraging smile.
"What about Vyron?" Kessa asked at last. "We still need to get him, somehow."
"I'd forgotten all about your man," the old Prian confessed.
Kessa's face fell and Xia patted her hand reassuringly, shooting Tiberius an admonishing look. "We'll find him," she told Kessa.
Maeve smiled suddenly, brightly. "Tell me of those who took him back from the Sisterhood before, of his gang. I believe I know just how to bring Vyron to us."

Chapter 12:
Hunter

"A rainbow in the sky pales in comparison to the one in my hand on payday."
- Escai Kanno, Actor (173 PA)

"Prian police! Freeze!"
As the rest fled into the night, the black-cloaked man straightened. Logan could not make out his face, but the shadowed hood turned towards him. He shivered to see the shrouded man's loose, easy movements. They were smooth, unconcerned. Even faced with two Prian officers, weapons drawn, he was not frightened. This man did not fear death. He feared nothing.
Beside Logan, Lieutenant Zachary Reginald gestured to the younger officer, pointing two fingers to his left. Flank him. Logan nodded to his partner and circled slowly. Reginald whistled to Maria. The fan-tailed falcon launched herself from Reginald's gauntlet and circled high into the clear, cold Prian night.
The man in the cloak watched the bird. He pushed back his hood, finally revealing his face. Logan felt almost disappointed. They knew him only as the Emberguard. But that was a title, not a name. With such a frightening reputation, he had been certain the man would be one of the barbaric rim world races, some kind of fairy, but he was just a human, like the two police officers that hunted him. In the dim moonlight, Logan could just make out the beautiful, subtle stripes on his face and curly green hair that marked him a Mirran. There was a steely hiss, strangely muted, as the Emberguard drew a long nanosword from under his dark cloak, briefly revealing the red robes he wore beneath.
"Put up your weapon! Stand down!" Reginald demanded. The Mirran smiled and Logan shivered again.
"Who are you to deny me, little men?" the Emberguard asked with an icy laugh. "I am the hand of nothingness itself! I fear no man, for I have been enlightened. You, too, will find peace when I rip the life from you."
"Take him down," Reginald ordered. Logan raised his Talon and aimed. The Emberguard raised his sword. Smiling and laughing, he charged.
Coldhand woke in a tangle of sheets, shivering in spite of the sweat pouring down the back of his neck. He raked his cybernetic fingers through his damp blond hair and sat up carefully in the tiny bunk. Coldhand could not remember the dream, but didn't have to. He always dreamed about the same things. After five years of reruns, it was getting old. The bounty hunter could feel his computer-regulated heartbeat, steady and slow, unchanged by his nightmare.
The room was small, even more claustrophobically closed than the one Tiberius had kept him in. Fare aboard the Temptation was expensive, paid to the pale-eyed human woman who captained the ship, but certainly not for lavish accommodations. There was a quiet knock at the door.
"Come in," Coldhand said, just loud enough to be heard in the corridor outside.
A thin Ixthian man entered, carrying a bulging medical bag, and called up the lights. He gave Coldhand a studied smile, but his short antennae twitched uncomfortably and his jeweled eyes glittered red. No one aboard the Temptation asked the hunter his name. They all knew it and knew to keep their silence. The doctor unwound the bandages around Coldhand's right shoulder, looking at the bullet wound beneath. He probed the injury gently.
"Does that hurt?" he asked.
"No."
Clearing his throat uneasily, the silver-skinned doctor opened up his bag and pulled out a small sensor. He flicked it on and scanned the wound. "It looks like I managed to get the entire bullet out," he said. "The fracture is reweaving just fine."
"How long?"
"Five more days until you can use the arm freely," the Ixthian told him. "It'd be faster if you would let me give you a nanite injection."
"No machines," Coldhand said. The doctor's eyes were drawn inexorably back to the cybernetics. The illonium was still twisted and blackened from Tiberius' bullet. Coldhand followed his gaze. "No more machines."
"I don't have the facilities on the Temptation, but once we arrive back on Axis, if I could get a redprint to one of the vats, I could" he began, gesturing gingerly at the metal hand, but Coldhand leveled an icy look at him and the doctor fell silent. He sighed. "Jumo will be by to take a look at it soon."
His body would heal with time, Coldhand thought as the doctor hastily left, but he needed the Temptation's mechanic to see to his cybernetic hand. He tried to close the metal hand, but only two of the fingers would respond.
Another man would have been angry. Tiberius was doubtless furious about their battle, about the injuries to himself, to his ship and to his pride. Repairs to the damage done by the older Prian's bullets were costing Coldhand high color, money that would not hold out forever. He should have been angry, but the bounty hunter only noted the rising cost of his hunt and calculated whether he had spent more hunting Cavainna than he would make from her bounty. Even after a year of chasing her, the expenses were still considerably less than the reward for her live capture. He would continue the hunt.
In his mind, Coldhand played back his fight with Tiberius. Perhaps his tactics had been unwise. The hawk, who must have been the old cop's beloved Orphia, was dangerous, at least as much a threat as Tiberius himself. The retired officer was still a good shot, Coldhand reflected as he pulled a short-sleeved blue shirt on over his bandaged shoulder. The torn muscles strained with even that simple movement, but Coldhand did not slow or reconsider. The Prian police trained skilled hawks and doves, he thought. Tiberius and his feathered partner were dangerous.
Tiberius was hindered by his all-too-human heart, a heart of flesh and muscle that still raced with anger and hammered in fear. Orphia was more like Coldhand  a creature of cold hunter's instinct. A killer with no remorse. She was dangerous and so he had called her off. But Tiberius' stunned reaction, his bellowed words when Coldhand made his way from the ship, concerned the bounty hunter.
Tiberius knew now that Coldhand had been an officer of the Prian law back on their homeworld. Until now, the captain of the Blue Phoenix had been entirely reactive, favoring running over fighting. But now it would be personal. Tiberius would never try to understand how or why Coldhand had betrayed his uniform. His precious Prian pride was too wounded and he could think only vengeance. The man would stand and bare his talons when he should turn and fly.
That would make tracking Cavainna easier. She could not run as far. The Raptor was a short-range vessel and pushing it across the CWA in search of his mark was taxing on the ship and costly in repairs. But it would also complicate the fight. A man flying away only fired shots enough to cover his escape, fought only hard enough to get away. Now Tiberius would make this fight his own and shoot to kill.
Coldhand weighed his options and chances, then shrugged. He could handle the crew of the Blue Phoenix if their captain's personal vendetta brought them between him and his prey. The reward for bringing in Cavainna was enough to repay more repairs to him and his ship. Maybe it would even be exciting.
There was another knock, not the quiet rapping at the door of the Ixthian doctor, but a hard banging on the fibersteel.
"Come in."
Jumo entered with a few tools in his brown-furred paws. The Lyran was short and wide, like most of his race, with golden eyes and sharp, sensitive ears. The Temptation's mechanic held a fat cigar clenched between his long teeth, chewing nervously on it.
"You wanted to see me?" Jumo asked.
"Yes," Coldhand answered. He held out his cybernetic hand. The Lyran engineer examined it and gingerly probed the damage.
"What did you do? This is grade five shielding. How'd you blast it open like this?"
Coldhand said nothing. Jumo furrowed his furred brow, but didn't press the issue. He shone a small light into the twisted rent in the bounty hunter's forearm, leaning this way and that to peer at the cybernetics' inner workings. Chomping on his cigar, Jumo turned on and calibrated a scanner not so different than the one used by the Ixthian doctor. He tapped a few buttons, the display flashing amber numbers and symbols.
"Everything's still carrying a signal," Jumo said. "At least, I think that's what this damned piece of fairy drop is telling me. But some of the wiring got clipped. It'll need to be replaced."
"Can you do it?"
"I keep spare spools for the micro NI generators on the Temptation's weapons that should work. It's not ideal, but no one makes this kind of thing anymore," the Lyran told him, pulling the cigar from his muzzle and gesturing with the smoldering tip at the cybernetic hand. "I don't have any illonium shielding that's thin enough to work and I don't keep particle planers onboard. It'll be a rig job. Ugly, but functional."
"Fine."
"It's going to be expensive," Jumo warned.
Coldhand nodded.
"I'll have the wire tested and ready in a few hours." The wolfin engineer gathered up his tools and headed out the door.
As promised, Jumo called Coldhand three hours later to tell the hunter that he was ready. Coldhand made his way through the ship to the Lyran's workshop, set up in a corner of the engine room. By build, the Temptation was a cargo vessel, larger than Tiberius' bird. Also like the Phoenix, the corridors were scarred with evidence of extensive modifications.
After rewriting Tiberius' terrible old book with his own message and fighting his way past the older Prian, Coldhand had searched the Gharib landing crescent for a ship to return him to Axis. With its large gun turrets, the Temptation had caught his eye.
Contrary to the shows, most ships  including the Blue Phoenix  did not carry heavy weaponry. Except, of course, for pirate vessels and the ships of the CWA Armed Forces. Crews engaged in legal cargo transport rarely mounted guns on their craft. It made them look dangerously like the former and drew too much attention from the latter.
A pirate ship meant more action and more fighting than the average freight hauler would ever see, injuries and damages as a result that required skilled doctors and mechanics to mend. It was those assets the hunter was willing to pay for, more than spacious quarters or fine meals. So Coldhand had paid the captain of the Temptation high color for the services of her bird and a ride back to Axis.
The pirates that he passed in the corridors were largely made up of hulking, muscular specimens of their assorted races. Each radiated a sense of violence and heedlessness, but they watched the bounty hunter pass in edgy silence. Was he just a passenger? Or was Coldhand on the hunt?
Jumo's cramped workshop was hazy with smoke. Every counter, table and stool was covered in a jumble of tools and ashtrays, all overfilled with cigar stubs. The Lyran swept the mess from a short cha-gri and pulled the chair over next to a low workbench.
"Have a seat," he said.
Coldhand sat and rested his broken cybernetic hand on the table. Jumo snuffed his cigar and lit a new one before getting to work. It took the Lyran half an hour to find the seams of the illonium casing on the cybernetics and pry them loose, exposing the packed bundles of circuitry, sensors and pistons inside. Jumo disconnected the damaged wiring and removed it. He inspected the twisted, blackened ends.
"These wires are basically your nerves. Did it hurt when the casing got blown open like this?" he asked.
"No."
Jumo shuddered and returned to the job. He measured and cut new wires, then pinned and tabbed the ends. Pulling a magnifier over Coldhand's exposed circuitry, the mechanic fitted each of the replacements into their tiny sockets. Jumo jerked back his paw with a pained yelp as a bad connection shocked his fingers.
"This thing was prefabricated," he complained. "It was never meant to have parts replaced, so nothing is marked. I'll do my best, though."
"Do that."
The smell of singed fur was almost as thick as cigar smoke by the time Jumo finished refitting the forty-three wires that Tiberius' bullet had destroyed. He replaced the illonium casing as best he could, holding the heavy alloy in place with a few temporary welds, and reminded the human that he could only replace the shielding on Axis or some other industrialized world.
Coldhand flexed and curled his fingers experimentally. Each responded to his nervous system, clicking flatly against one another. He did not thank Jumo and left the workshop.
______

Equipped with faster SL engines than those on the Blue Phoenix, the Temptation made the return journey from Stray to Axis in only five days. The pirate ship was a fast one. Little but pure data transmissions traveled faster.
Coldhand spent most of the time in his quarters. He had no desire to mingle with the pirates and no need for company. The Ixthian doctor returned three more times to inspect his patient's progress, pronouncing Coldhand healed after four days.
Beside contact with the Temptation's medic, Coldhand made only one effort to interact with anyone. He followed the yellow stripe painted on the wall of the hallways, marked mess hall in stenciled Aver. It was early in the day and the mess was nearly empty. A pair of burly humans arm-wrestled in one corner, stopping to watch Coldhand as he entered.
The bounty hunter dismissed the pair of sweaty men with a glance. They would not have what he wanted. He raked the room with icy blue eyes. Another group of assorted races clustered around another table, watching a svelte Mirran woman with a pale mask of golden stripes on her face performing some sleight of hand for the amusements of her fellows. The men laughed and applauded her efforts. Coldhand moved on.
A thin human sat alone in the back of the mess, a small computer open on the table in front of him. The sleeves of his faded black jumpsuit were pulled down over his arms, but Coldhand could make out a dark tracery of the man's veins in his pale neck. His curly brown hair had been shaved off not long ago, but not been maintained and now puffed from his scalp in unkempt tangles. Startled, the man jerked as Coldhand took a chair across the table. He sat bolt upright and stared at the hunter.
"I didn't do nothing," the man squealed. "Please, don't kill me!"
The others turned to watch at the panic in their crewmate's voice. Upon seeing that it was their infamous passenger that menaced him, they did nothing.
"Help me! He's going to rip out my heart!" the man screamed to his fellows.
The bounty hunter's cybernetic hand darted across the table, grabbing the other human's bony wrist. Coldhand pushed up his sleeve to the elbow. The imprisoned man's thin arms were lined with dark needle runs and clumsy punctures in his waxy skin. His eyes were wide, dilated unnaturally. He was jumpy and nervous, writhing fearfully in the hunter's metallic grasp.
"What kind of chems are you on?" Coldhand asked the terrified pirate.
"What?" the skinny human squealed. "I ain't taken nothing, I swear to God!"
"What kind?"
The pirate jerked and shook spasmodically in Coldhand's grip, not daring to try to escape but unable to keep his body still. The air of the mess hall was taut with anxious anticipation. Every eye was on Coldhand and the man he interrogated.
"Cedrophin," the pirate whimpered at last.
"How much do you have?" Coldhand asked.
"I uh" the man stammered. He reached into the breast pocket of his jumpsuit with his free hand and fumbled free two vials. They clattered off of the open computer and rolled in a tight crescent on the tabletop. Each was tiny, no longer than Coldhand's smallest finger. The glass had deep grooves on each side  guide tracks for insertion into a syringe.
"I'll take both."
"Take them! Just don't kill me," the pirate begged.
Coldhand picked up the cedrophin in his flesh hand and let go of the other man. He fished two orange chips of cenmarks from his pocket. They slid for a mechanical heartbeat in his illonium fingers and he dropped them to the tabletop. The pirate stared at the money fearfully, as though it might bite him.
"I'm a bounty hunter, not a thief," Coldhand told the pirate. He pocketed the vials and left the Temptation's mess hall. Everyone in the room watched him, but no one hindered his leaving.
Back in his rented quarters, Coldhand fitted the first ampoule of cedrophin into a needle. He pulled a nylon strap around his arm, a couple of inches above the seam where his flesh met cold metal, and waited. Coldhand didn't bother clenching his fist, working the muscle in hopes of hurrying his blood vessels into visibility, as Maeve had on the streets of Axis. It would have been pointless, anyway. Coldhand's organic muscles ended at the elbow. There was nothing but metal and wires to react to his balled fist.
When he could see the blue lines of his veins, Coldhand checked the seal on the vial. It was intact. He didn't tap the syringe and nudge the plunger. That kind of thing was for the shows, theoretically to remove potentially lethal air from the needle. But even the cheapest chems came in vacuum-sealed packaging that made such practices obsolete.
Coldhand put the needle to his arm and pushed, watching it tear a small hole in his skin. The pain was hollow and distant. He emptied the stimulant into his vein and waited. Nothing. The hunter loaded up the second vial of cedrophin and injected it. Still nothing.
He lay back on his narrow bunk and stared up at the blank fibersteel ceiling. The double dose of cedrophin would have most men, even the resilient Hadrian and Lyrans, crawling up the walls. Coldhand rested his right hand in the center of his chest.
He could feel his mechanical heart beating rhythmically. It would never race with excitement, even chemically induced. Even now, it was filtering the toxins from his blood, encapsulating them in lipids for safe excretion. In an hour, he would just piss out a hundred cenmarks worth of drugs. He would never get sick, never get drunk, never get high off of chems. A feature of the new computerized hearts, the surgeon had told Coldhand.
Twenty percent. Only twenty percent.
______

The Temptation set down on Axis the next day. Unwilling to attract unwanted attention, the captain landed her ship in a private Level Two bay. She nodded to Coldhand as he disembarked and offered no parting comment or well wishes. The woman didn't seem displeased to see the bounty hunter go.
An hour's walk brought him out of the private bays and into the busy Axis streets. Coldhand found a public computer terminal with a short line. Looking back over their shoulders at him, two humans and a chubby Dailon decided that their business could wait and left.
Coldhand fed a silver chip of change into the computer and the monitor flickered to life. It displayed the black and white Starwind logo just long enough to make a subliminal impression and then brought up an Axis mainstream search. Coldhand keyed up the records for his Raptor, grounded on Level One, and frowned. His unexpected trip to Stray and back had left his fighter moored longer than expected. The unconcerned computer monitor told Coldhand that he owed almost three hundred cenmarks in fees and the Raptor was impounded pending the payment of the balance.
He brought up his accounts. They were all overdrawn. Coldhand had spent most of his money paying his fare on the Temptation. The color in his pockets was all he had left, and even that was barely enough to cover a few meals and a place to stay. He drummed his cybernetic fingers on the edge of the terminal's keyboard, thinking. The computer flashed a red-lettered warning, telling the bounty hunter that his credit was about to run out. He gave the machine another silver cenmark.
Coldhand needed work. Almost a year of exclusively chasing Cavainna had paid nothing so far, leaving his accounts and pockets almost empty. He needed a bounty; something short term that would pay the bills until he brought down his Arcadian mark. With his bird grounded, he could not take any off-world bounties.
He needed something local, something close that required no ship. Coldhand pulled up a third screen, this one branded across the top with the blue, white and green of the Central World Alliance. He scanned through the CWA bounty listing. It was short, as usual. The Alliance had more than enough men and firepower to bring in its own criminals. Coldhand keyed up another listing, bounties listed by individual worlds.
A handful of notices caught his attention: Zoen Temple, wanted on Giadeen for illegal chemical shipping; Titania, an Arcadian wanted on Kahl for questioning related to a pair of particularly gruesome murders; Toku Miagawa, a human member of the Sisterhood wanted for five counts of rape on Mir. Interesting, but nothing close enough to chase down himself without his ship.
Instinctively, Coldhand began to pass up the Stray listing. The ratty world made good money harboring the kind of people that often had bounties on their heads. It didn't pay to hire hunters to kill or arrest their own patrons. On occasion, a personal bounty would crop up on Stray, but usually for some petty crime or vendetta that simply did not interest Coldhand. This time, however, one listing made him hit a key to freeze the screen and read the details.
The bounty was for a Dailon man by the name of Vyron Fethru. The bounty was posted from Stray, but the mark was on Axis. It was a private listing. The client gave no name, only a com frequency for contact once Fethru was brought to Stray.
Fethru was wanted for gang-related crimes on Axis, listed as the front man of the group. He and his gang were under suspicion for several killings, kidnappings and high color chem running. He was to be taken alive only, unharmed, and delivered to Stray. His bounty, however, was to be paid out of an Axis account. The amount was an adequate four hundred cenmarks. It was to be paid on capture, confirmed by genetic scan. The bounty promised another four hundred on Vyron's delivery to Stray.
Eight hundred cenmarks. Coldhand pondered the posting. The initial payment would be enough to get his bird off the ground and back into the sky, where it belonged. One hundred left over would cover the cost of repairing the casing on his cybernetics. Another four hundred color would pay for his hunting of Cavainna for at least another month.
Coldhand checked the date on the listing  two days ago. That was ample time for any number of other hunters to see the listing and begin tracking down Vyron Fethru. Bounty hunting was not a popular occupation, but Axis was the most densely populated world in the core. At least a dozen other hunters had surely seen the posting by now. He would have to move quickly to reach Vyron first.

Chapter 13:
The Black Cathedral

"The cost of war is not measured in blood alone."
- Xui the Stormborne, Ixthian priestess (288 MA)

More than a week of mooring and food in Gharib bit deeply into Tiberius' funds. Xia worried about it over meals. Most of that color would be needed to pay for Vyron when he arrived on Stray according to the instruction of their anonymous bounty posting. The first payment alone would leave their accounts on Axis practically empty, she pointed out. Tiberius only shrugged at dinner each evening and asked if anyone had heard word of the next Church of Nihil gathering. It was taking longer than expected.
One evening, Duaal nodded in response to the captain's question. "I heard around the bazaar today that the pastor of that black cathedral is back in Gharib tonight and going to give a speech."
Duaal had been going out to the great central market every day and coming back with nothing. Gripper wondered what he was up to. When he returned, Duaal always seemed both relieved and frustrated.
Was he chasing a man? Sometimes he caught Duaal staring at Maeve, but Gripper didn't think he was really seeing her. Someone else. Maybe that Arcadian guy, Anthem? Alien mating rituals seemed strange and exasperating to the Arboran. It wasn't for lack of trying He glanced sidelong at Xia, but Tiberius demanded his attention again.
"Anandrou, are you done with the recyc' repairs?" the captain asked.
"Days ago, Claws," Gripper reminded him and grinned. "Does that mean I can go outside and play? Oh, please, may I?"
"This isn't a game," Tiberius said. "But you can go with Xia and Maeve tonight."
Gripper scratched his heavy-boned cheek with a massive claw, wondering if the Prian's sense of humor needed repairs, too, or if it had never been installed. He looked around the table. Maeve watched him. Her expression was sad and angry, but distant. Whatever made her eyes that stormy, it was not in there in the same room with her. Duaal was not laughing, either. Whoever sold humor packages, Gripper hoped they sold in bulk.
But Kessa and Xia were smiling at him. The Dailon gave Xia a knowing look, then dissolved into gales of girlish laughter. At least they thought he was funny. Gripper smirked, flushed and looked down at his dinner.
______

Dressed in layers against the chilly Stray nights, Maeve, Xia and Gripper made their way out of the landing crescent into the city. The faded red sun slipped behind the horizon as the trio left the jigsaw of ships and fueling pylons behind and joined the evening crowd of Gharib.
The two women had to stop frequently and wait as Gripper stared at the city. The Arboran had only been away from his homeworld for about a year. Half of that time was spent on Kahl, learning the difference between a stick and an FMS relay. His first glimpse of Stray left him gaping and afire with curiosity. Gharib was a stark contrast to the structured bustle of Axis or the quiet shipyard colony of Merrid. He couldn't wait to see the entire galaxy
"What's that?" Gripper asked, pointing to the front of a shop.
The storefront was dominated by a flickering hologram of a large insect about as long as Gripper was tall. It was striped in delicate bands of brown and gold, with a slender stalk connecting a round thorax to a tapered abdomen with a long, curved stinger. The wasp had six skeletal, triple-jointed legs and two incredible long pairs of yellow-veined wings, each thrice the length of the entire body.
Best Wasp Traps in the Core, boasted the neon sign beneath.
"That's a Nnyth. It's not actual size, of course. They're about six feet long, I think." Xia looked to Maeve for confirmation, but the Arcadian was glaring at the sign.
"I've never actually seen one," Gripper said wonderingly, staring at the hologram rotating in the window. "Just amazing! And they can fly through space without a ship!"
"Traps? That is a brutality," Maeve snarled. The other two gave her startled looks.
"But the wasps tear apart ships that get too close to their hive, don't they? The ships have the right to defend themselves, don't they?" Gripper protested. He asked the question carefully. Though the tiny fairy woman stood only a bit higher than his navel, she could frighten him badly and often did.
"The Nnyth only defend the Tower, and do not range far from their home," she spat. "The uneducated fear that the Nnyth will somehow attack the heart of the Alliance and kill your citizens. To profit by this fear, merchants have marketed what they claim to be traps. They are expensive, but ultimately useless."
"The traps make those who run the edge of the core  places like Stray  feel safe," Xia explained more calmly. "The Rynn system, where the Nnyth live, is out on the end of one of the galactic arms. A lot of ship captains who have something to prove claim to have made the trip, but most of them are lying. It's a long flight. A lot of things can and usually do go wrong. Except for Tiberius, I don't personally know anyone that's done it. Or anyone who would want to."
"It was the work of centuries and great diplomacy for the White Kingdom to reach agreements with the Nnyth Tower," Maeve said. She stood beside Gripper at the window and pressed her small white fingers to the glass. One of her wings brushed his arm. "If any who have not been granted permission to near their home approach, their vessels are torn asunder. It is not a gesture of malice, but of the lack of trust the Nnyth feel for the core world races."
"Trust? You mean they're intelligent?" Gripper wondered. "I thought they were bugs!"
Xia frowned at him and waved her antennae. The Arboran blushed for the second time that night and looked away.
"The Nnyth are among the most skilled Waygate operators of all the worlds," Maeve said. The fury was suddenly gone from her voice, replaced now with a broken longing. "Had the White Kingdom forged a stronger alliance with the Tower, perhaps we could have called upon their aid when the Devourers overran our worlds. The Nnyth could have closed the Waygates earlier and banished the monsters."
"What?" Gripper asked, confused. Monsters? Devourers? What was Maeve talking about? Xia reached up to take his elbow and tugged him away, urging the Arboran to keep walking.
"Later," she hissed in his ear.
Gripper looked back at Maeve. The fairy plodded along behind them. He wondered what Xia knew that he did not. Whatever it was, it made Maeve so sad. Gripper wanted to comfort her, but she was so volatile and prickly. Trying to help her was like playing with live wires. He might find out something interesting, but he would more than likely get zapped in the process.
Gripper was worried and more than a little lost in the uniformly yellow city. He bumped into someone, their race obscured by hooded robes. It was two someones, actually; a couple walking hand in hand, Gripper realized as he turned to return his attention to the road. He was suddenly and acutely aware of how much larger than the other races he was. The pair looked up at him, the streetlights revealing human faces. They flinched fearfully and moved quickly on. Would he ever understand this place? Gripper missed the Blue Phoenix and wished he had not been so eager to join the women on their excursion.
Gripper barely felt Xia's hand on his arm, squeezing reassuringly. Ordinarily, any attention from the jewel-eyed woman would have made him light-headed and warm. He was far from home on Arborus, far from his people. The ground was dizzyingly close. The air was dry and choked with dust. Gripper fought down a wave of panic.
The new world that he had discovered was full of wonders, he reminded himself. It was full of other species that had found and colonized dozens of other planets long before Gripper's arrival. He was the first Arboran ever to travel off-world! He was a brave explorer, he reminded himself, if not voluntarily.
______

Xia had released Gripper's arm by the time they arrived in the central market. Maeve remained sullen and silent, but Gripper didn't seem inclined to question her anymore, erasing the need for Xia to lead him away. He was even taller than she was, and Xia admitted to herself that it was hard to get used to. Ixthian males were much smaller than their female counterparts. Large men seemed so very alien.
Xia peered around the market. Most of the vendor stalls were closed, dark and covered with charged sheets of plastic to repel the cloying dust. But tonight, the marketplace was still alive with people. A few booths remained lit and open for business in the plunging temperature and rising indigo shadows. Most sold food and long coats to those who had not thought to bring either ahead of time. A few customers hovered around the stalls, but most of the crowd was making its way to the eastern edge of the plaza, where the church of the Nihilists was silhouetted against the fading scarlet stains of light on the horizon like a black paper cutout.
The mood of the gathering was somber. As they followed, Xia estimated that about five hundred beings filtered through the bazaar towards the cathedral. Despite their numbers, the crowd was quiet. Xia's multi-faceted eyes widened, whirling a deep, worried red as she and her companions neared the steps of the black church. She doubled her estimate to almost a thousand in forebodingly quiet attendance.
At least half of the gathered audience was Arcadian. What were so many of them doing here? They were crowded to one side, the other species pulling away from the unseemly number of droop-winged fae in disgust and superstitious fear. The dying light painted the forest of rustling white feathers a bloody red.
"Shae ina Shae!" Maeve swore. She pulled her hood further over her face and tucked back a few strands of loose ebony hair. That mane of black hair identified Maeve as a princess of the Arcadian's ruling house. Why would she want to hide it?
"Hey Smoke, is this an Arcadian church?" Gripper asked in a hushed voice, staring out across the rustling sea of wings.
"No," Maeve said in a tight voice. "By appearance, this place could well be dedicated to the Nameless, our goddess of death. But none have dared raise a house to her in thousands of years. It is blasphemy."
"Besides, it's illegal to worship the rimworld gods. The Union of Light had the Lyceum outlaw the Arcadian temples a hundred years ago," Xia pointed out.
Maeve gave the looming cathedral a long look, so full of speculative hunger that it made Xia shudder. It might have been blasphemy to worship the Arcadian death goddess, but Maeve seemed to do it anyway, at times.
Distance had disguised the cathedral's size. It was massive, built all of black basalt and slate with patches of wall scabbed in bolted sheets of fibersteel. Four needle-like steeples, each inset with empty, glassless windows, crowned the tall, blank walls. The hollow windows made Xia think of old, open wounds; a dark, bloodless rending of dead flesh.
Xia squinted, trying to take advantage of as much of the fast-fading light as she could. The entire cathedral looked crude and unfinished. Though the Nihilist church was built largely of rough stone blocks, wide stretches of wall were nothing more than patches of fibersteel bolted haphazardly in place and hastily painted in black. The dark rock was not fitted and left jagged, broken corners jutting out in all directions, all covered in Stray's ubiquitous dust. Xia guessed that, for all its great size, the black cathedral had been built quickly and could be torn down just as fast.
A broad set of shallow, uneven stairs led up to the gaping entrance of the Nihilist's church. Like the windows, it was open, with no doors or even a static sheet to keep out the sand and dust. A little bit of sooty light filtered out of the arch from the cathedral, illuminating a figure as it detached itself from the deep shadows inside.
The Nihilist that made its way into view seemed to be a human, as far as Xia could tell. He was too broad of chest and shoulder to be an Ixthian, too tall to be Lyran. He lacked the solid, planar build of a Dailon. In fact, he seemed hunched by age or disease, but it was hard to tell which. Like so many other denizens of Stray, the figure at the top of the steps was hooded and robed against the cold and gritty dust. The loose clothes and shadowed cowl concealed any other marks of identity. And like many others in attendance, his robes were an unadorned black.
"Listen," the robed Nihilist boomed in a rich booming voice. He raised his hands to the crowd. The man's strong, sonorous voice carried easily across the crowd without any visible means of amplification. "Listen, you forgotten children of the stars. Listen, you forsaken exiles of the heartworlds and distant kingdoms. Hear me, for I bring you truth. This universe hasn't forgotten you. It can't. The worlds are uncaring places, stones hurled into the blackness of the sky by unfeeling forces, left to spin mindlessly in the void. They can't love you or even hate you. They never knew you and so they cannot forget. They feel nothing at your tears, your cries of pain and prayers for solace.
"What better fate have these worlds given to us, their children? Our evolution has bred into us the need to eat, to breath and to breed. Afraid to learn the emptiness of our own existence, we have given myth and meaning to our needs. We eat in celebration, in companionship and try in vain to give some meaning and comfort to our base, animal needs. We expel breath in useless song and prayer to a god that has never been, who can help us no more than can a stone. We have named our rutting needs love and turn our lips up in idiot smiles as we drive ourselves onward in its tender name. We hope that such blindly impassioned struggle will finally give us meaning."
Xia looked at her two crewmates. Maeve was listening raptly to the Nihilist's smooth voice, her silver-gray eyes half closed. Gripper was paying attention as well, but his brutish face was troubled. The audience was silent. Xia fidgeted uncomfortably.
"In our desperate loneliness, we reached to the heavens," the Nihilist preacher said, gesturing up at the star-dusted sky overhead. Stray had one moon, but the weak sun barely managed to light the planet, leaving little radiance to reflect. The moon was a flat, colorless disc in the sky, outshone by the glittering suns of distant worlds.
"Maybe we hoped to find our god. But we only found other lonely, hungry races: the five races of humanity, the Dailons, the Lyrans and the Ixthians. Mired in fear and watched with cautious eyes, we found also the three outer kingdoms, floating alone in the emptiness of cold space," the Nihilist said.
His words thrummed with almost palpable energy, an electric excitement as though he were making the discoveries instead of merely narrating them. He brought his hand down, closing it into a fist. Xia had to admit a grudging respect for a man who could make hopelessness sound so captivating.
"We found power in the distant stars, but not answers. There were none to find, my children. Though we searched millions of stars, we know no more than we did when we first raised our eyes to the heavens. There is no ignorance, for there is no meaning for us to uncover.
"This struggle, clamoring across the sea of stars for food, air and procreation, yields nothing. Death finds us all in the end, finds us tired from a lifetime of ceaseless toil. When death comes, we have found no greater reason for being than we had at our first screaming breath from the egg or womb. Our work, years of struggle, pain and weariness, mean nothing. Such suffering and all for nothing."
The Nihilist's voice was gentle, like a loving father explaining a sad truth to the weeping child on his knee. Listening to him, Xia felt her thirty years of life like lead in her chest. She swayed, wearied by contemplating another seventy stretching out ahead of her. Gripper reached out to steady her.
"Are you all right, Silver?" he whispered.
Xia nodded and waved the Arboran off. Like so many other Ixthians, she had spent her life protecting and perfecting life. It would take more than a Nihilist's sermon to convince her that it was all in vain, but she did feel tired. How much harder it must be for Maeve and the hundreds of other homeless and hopeless Arcadians.
"This does not have to be," the man atop the steps of the black cathedral was saying, his arms open imploringly to the crowd. "The child who cries over her mother's body, dead that night of starvation for the food she gave up to her daughter. The man who stares through the bars of his prison cell, tried for crimes he never committed and dreaming of the day he may return to his lover, unknowing that she has taken her own life in grief. The woman who cradles her father's broken, bleeding body in her arms, knifed by a desperate thief for the cenmarks he didn't have. She screams for help, but no one comes. Her tale is that of every tormented spirit that cries out in pain and begs for help, but is greeted only by silence.
"This does not have to be," the hunched old priest repeated. "Reflect on my words, my children. If a hot meal, prattling talk and a night in a lover's arms does not soothe you, return to me. I'll show you another way. The doors of the Church of Nihil never close."
The preacher bowed his head to the gathering. He turned and vanished once more into the shadows. There was no applause, no hissing or cheering, only an empty hush. Xia roused herself and patted Gripper's arm. The towering Arboran looked down at her.
"I don't know if that told us anything useful," he said.
"Neither do I. What do you think, Maeve?"
Xia looked around. The crowd began to disperse, melting away into Gharib, but the Arcadian princess was gone.
______

Maeve crouched on top of one of the cathedral's jagged black spires. The shingles were still hot under her bare feet from the heat of the day, but the nighttime chill was quickly leeching away the warmth. Her boots sat not far away, the dry cracks in the plastihide invisible in the darkness. Maeve pulled her knees up against her chest and wrapped her wings around her cold limbs.
The sky was full of Arcadians, all flying back into the city, many to sleep in alleyways and refuse piles. Some would return to cheap flats and illegal squatters' camps. Maeve's vision blurred. She wiped her eyes with her sleeve.
How the great had fallen. The greatest. The Arcadians had been rulers and protectors of the other fairies for thousands of years, trusted and revered as knights and leaders. Under Cavain's guidance, they had left behind their rings of stone and built great cities of glass. In time, the Arcadians coaxed other fae races from their primitive dwellings to join them.
Dominion of their entire system for ten thousand years. No core world nation had lasted a third of that! The great Alliance was less than three hundred years old. And now the White Kingdom was rubble while the rest of the galaxy well, they didn't thrive, but they survived. That was more than the Arcadians did.
All we have left is death.
Now they were all dead, their waning spirits promised to the Nameless. The nyads and dryads were gone. In the end, the Arcadians had failed to protect them. Only a handful of Maeve's people remained, perhaps a million spread out across the worlds of the core. She watched the dregs of her race spread their wings and fly into Gharib. What of their queen? Maeve was the last of Cavain's blood, was she not?
My mother promised me I would never be queen, Maeve remembered as she wept, honking without dignity into her sleeve. I am only a distant cousin to the throne. Mother swore it to me in the lily gardens of the Sua'ii Na! I was supposed to be nothing.
And nothing I will become.
Maeve buried her face in her hands, shuddering with ragged, hiccuping sobs. The surviving Arcadians deserved a queen, but it could not be her. Maeve could only give them her death and even that was long overdue. The storm of weeping subsided when her com chirped.
"Cavainna," she answered. Xia's voice crackled on the other end.
"Where are you? We need to get back to the Phoenix and report to Tiberius."
"I will find you once again at the ship," Maeve told her. "Do not linger on my behalf."
"Are you all right?"
The fairy did not answer. Only small knots of the Nihilist's audience remained, drifting more slowly than the others through the central market towards their homes. Perhaps half of those who lingered were Arcadian. Maeve stood and pulled her boots back on. She spat on the rooftop and jumped off, spreading her wings and catching the turbulent evening air. The Arcadians were vagabonds. Vagabonds had no need for a queen, anyway, and she had more important things to worry about, like her own life.
______

Xia clipped her com back onto her belt when she was done. Gripper followed her, at the fringes of the thinning crowd filtering back into Gharib. They walked together in silence, mulling over the Nihilist's speech. He wondered why a church had chased out the Sisterhood, as Anthem had told Xia. In studying for his citizen exam, Gripper remembered reading about religious wars. Centuries ago, the different faiths had fought one another for dominion of worlds.
Such things had been common in the early days of the CWA. Each of the eight founding worlds had several religions, warring constantly even before encountering other species. The discovery of alien faiths had only served to add fuel to an already dangerous flame. The Sacred Temple of Creation had been one such religion, but Gripper couldn't remember the Church of Nihil anywhere on his study list. It must be a new one.
Thirty years of slaughter back and forth convinced the Central World Alliance that a unified church was vital to their survival. One that was lenient, accepting and could incorporate parts of all other known religions. The result was the Union of Light, a monotheistic faith largely accepted by the worlds of the CWA.
Gripper absently watched Xia's shapely backside sway as she walked ahead of him. She was ticking something off on her long-fingered hands. The Sisterhood was barely even a religion anymore, was it? Their priestesses were scattered and practices buried under decades of repression. Kessa hadn't even realized that her family group was not a gang, but a congregation.
Something was wrong with the picture. The Sisterhood Kessa described was made up of tough, hard women. They would not have relinquished their hold on the city without a fight.
"Hey, Silver?"
Xia slowed and waited for Gripper to fall into step beside her before moving down the dark, dusty street again. The stars were fewer and distant on the edge of the core, and shed little light on the city as they moved through it. Street lamps arced over the walkways, but a thick layer of grime covered them. The lights offered little more illumination than the stars.
"What exactly did that Arcadian guy say about the Nihilists and the Sisters?" Gripper asked.
Xia pursed her burnished lips as she tried to remember. "Anthem told me that the Arcadian men stopped disappearing after the Church of Nihil opened up. They never ran into the Sisterhood again."
Gripper gave her a worried look. "Silver, we've been assuming that this is some sort of gang turf war, that these Nihilists sent the Sisters packing because they don't like troublemakers. But what if it's not?"
"What are you talking about?" Xia asked.
"What if it's a religious war, like in the old days? What if the Sisterhood didn't get chased off because they were a gang, but because they were a religion?"
"God, I hope you're wrong, Gripper," said Xia.
______

The interior of the black cathedral was barren, but it wasn't empty. There was little light, provided by a couple of small lamps. Their filaments had burned down to thin, starved orange lines that barely divided light and darkness. The floor was littered with piles of fallen debris from the cathedral's hasty construction. Nothing here was built to last.
Sitting atop one of the jagged heaps of stone and scraps, the master of the Nihilist order pulled back his hood and squinted into the shadows. The exertion of the evening's sermon left a thin sheen of sweat on his pale forehead. He was an old human man, with short hair like yellowed ivory and deep, sad lines etched into his face. Despite the translucent thinness to his skin, stretched and worn by the years, and his trembling, long-fingered hands, the old man held himself with a subtle poise. He had a cause, a reason. A great plan.
In the corners or huddled against the rising evening breeze, unhindered by the empty windows and open door of the cathedral, the converts slept or conversed quietly with one another. Like their leader, they wore simple robes of a rough black weave. They itched badly and did little to keep out the cold, but the discomforts of the body were a reflection of the greater suffering of life. Every voice, even those grumbling in discomfited sleep, fell silent when she stepped through the door.
"Your congregation is devout, Gavriel," Xartasia said in lyrically accented Aver. The white-clad Arcadian smiled at the old human. She had removed her veil and her lips were painted perfectly.
"And their numbers grow every day," he told her.
For all his years and frailty, Gavriel's voice was still strong and smooth, the voice that had swayed thousands across Stray. Xartasia sat lightly beside him, an exquisite snowy gown fanning out around her. Even in the ruddy lamplight, she was still breathtakingly lovely. The fairy woman wore an intricate glass crown in her perfectly arranged ebony hair. It caught the orange light and glinted as Xartasia turned her head to look at the Nihilist.
"You have grown old," she commented.
"And you haven't changed at all," Gavriel replied.
Xartasia smiled mysteriously at him. "I have changed in more ways than you can imagine." She looked around the cathedral and the dark horizon outside the windows. "You have chosen the first world, the one on which to begin our campaign."
"I needed to start simply, in a place that could hear my message. I don't have the strength to fight every unbeliever from Prianus to Giadeen. Not yet. That's why I've summoned you. I could have done it, once. I need that back."
Xartasia nodded. There was a rustle as she extended one of her long, soft white wings and wrapped it intimately around the old Nihilist's shoulders.
"Have you told them?" he asked her. "I've heard rumors of an Arcadian princess. Is that you?"
"Perhaps," said Xartasia lightly. "But I have not called my people to me, no. There is time yet before I am done. I have striven long in the shadows between worlds to my own ends."
"What are those?"
"An end to this suffering. This universe has wronged us. You have won the hearts of many to a cause that we both hold dear," she replied. "I believe that once more, we have much to offer one another."
"You're actually offering to help me this time," Gavriel stated.
It was not a question, but he was curious. The old man was far too proud to plead like a servile whelp. Even half a century ago, when they first met, Gavriel had asked, but never begged. He needed her secrets, but he would not beg.
"I will. But the skies to which I guide you are stormy indeed. You shall need strength," Xartasia said. "I shall restore to you the power that I gave you once before. After all, it deserted you. When all is sung and done, I owe you such restoration. It will be yours."
Gavriel's eyes burned hungrily. "Tell me."

Chapter 14:
Mark

"Laws are for those who cannot make their own moral judgment."
- Eru Illith, pyrad rebel (10,100 MA)

Scouring the first four levels of Axis yielded nothing. No one knew or cared about a Dailon named Vyron Fethru. The lower level gangs and the dangers they posed were kept safely beneath their notice. CWAAF and the Axis police kept them safe enough, so why concern themselves with the criminals? Those very few who knew Fethru's name did so only because other bounty hunters had been through before Coldhand. They could tell him only what they had told the other hunters. Nothing.
Three long, busy days into Coldhand's hunt, as he moved methodically down through the levels, he caught the first scent of his mark. Prompted by the long barrel of a Talon-9 against her sunken cheek, a human chem dealer working a street corner admitted she knew the name. Fethru had been a local boy until work with his new gang moved him across the megatropolis. He was now a member of a Level Eight gang that called themselves the Steelskins. She stumbled over her own words in her rush to tell Coldhand what she knew, hoping to preserve her own decidedly unsteely skin.
An evening of research over a cheap protein pack and a rented terminal on Level Five yielded useful information on the Steelskins that corroborated the charges on Fethru's bounty posting. The gang was under frequent investigation for major counts of drug trafficking, numerous murders and kidnappings against their rivals. Individual members received sentences from fines to life sentences in CWA prisons, but the Axis police had made little progress against the gang as a whole.
It was good to have something to back up the charges listed on Vyron's bounty listing, Coldhand thought. A search through the Axis police record had turned up no prior convictions or even accusations against the Dailon man.
An archived news story  originally broadcast three weeks earlier  recounted a brutal shoot-out between the Steelskins and Axis police on Level Seven. Since then, the gang had been keeping quiet, probably shoring up their numbers to make up for those killed. Small wonder the police had not been able to hunt them to ground yet. The lower levels of Axis were expansive and full of places to hide.
Coldhand frowned at the news as the clip ended and was replaced by a shiny, rotating Alliance News Network logo. If the Steelskins were in hiding, it would make his task far more difficult. The bounty hunter didn't have the time or inclination to sift through every filthy alleyway of the lower levels. Every moment he spent on Axis only let Cavainna get further and further away from him.
There were better ways. Coldhand would just have to convince Fethru to come to him. It was one of his favored tactics, one that saved him valuable time yet allowed his marks to come at their leisure, full of unwarranted confidence. Easy pickings.
Coldhand called up and enlarged the map from the shootout story. On another world, one that was not covered entirely by a single great city, it would have been in another province. The place was about seven hours away, if he took city transports and made good time. Coldhand tapped his illonium finger on the map. He knew someone near there.
He drained the last of the bland protein paste from the plastic tube and dropped it in a trash can. The terminal refunded him four cenmarks for the unused computer time, spitting the silver chips into a tray. Coldhand pocketed the change and went in search of a place to sleep.
The bounty hunter rented a small room from a sour-faced man with pockmarked cheeks. It was all cheap, sterile white, from the paint on the walls to the stiff sheets on the bed. Coldhand lay down on the narrow bed, not bothering to undress or remove his gun. The discomfort did not bother him and there were more than a few rival hunters and enemies on Axis that might be willing to ambush Logan Coldhand in his sleep. He pillowed his head on his right arm, his left lying motionless at his side. Coldhand counted the beats of his mechanical heart until he fell asleep. Two hundred eighty-eight before he tumbled down into unwelcome dreams.
The hospital gown was made of paper. It crinkled and crunched with every minute movement, but Logan was not listening. He cradled the guitar in his lap. The heart monitor beeped in time with the steady, even beats of his new artificial heart. Jess sat next to him, politely not looking at his maimed left arm. She rubbed his back through the paper gown and smiled encouragingly.
"Try Bristler's Call, Logan," she suggested. "You know all of the hawks at the office are going to ask to hear it when you get back. It's one of their favorites now."
Logan closed his mechanical fingers around the neck of the guitar and pressed down on the strings, strumming with his whole hand. His real hand. His illonium fingers slipped on the neck and the note went sour. Jess flinched, but Logan only stared blankly at the instrument. Jess kissed his cheek and stroked his hair. He knew she was trying not to cry, trying so hard to be strong for him. But he just didn't care.
"They're all asking about you, love," Jess told him. "The service for Reginald is next week. The captain was hoping you'd speak. I helped bring in some of the wood for the pyre. They all miss Reg, but they're glad you're still with them. It's a miracle, really. I love you, Logan. I don't know what I would have done if if"
Logan was not listening to Jess. He tightened his grip on the guitar, pushing down on the strings. One of them snapped under the pressure with a weak, discordant twang and curled up around the neck like a dead thing. Logan dropped the guitar to the floor and Jess burst into tears.
______

The Rusty Frigate looked for all the worlds like an actual crashed ship. It was artfully painted to make the crumpled hull look convincingly corroded. The ship had never been exposed to the elements long enough to rust. The nose  smashed and ripped open to form the entrance to the bar  lacked the sharp, ragged edges of a real crash. It had smooth, rounded edges, probably to avoid injuring drunkenly reeling customers.
At some point, long before Coldhand had lost his hand and heart, the bar's owner had purchased the shell of a small freighter. Rather than equipping it with expensive engines and life support systems, it had been meticulously cut and pulled back, the equipment inside rearranged to create a bar. The Rusty Frigate was a popular watering hole for those who had once made their living in the stars, but whom circumstance had grounded on Axis.
Coldhand stepped inside. A husky Lyran bouncer eyed his Talon, but thought better of trying to disarm the bounty hunter. It was early in the afternoon and the Rusty Frigate was only half full of customers. Behind a row of dark consoles that served her bar stood Sarah Marcus, the middle-aged owner of the Rusty Frigate. Gray peppered her Prian blonde hair and her once-curvaceous figure had many years ago become quite plump and matronly. Behind her, a display glowed with a selection of drinks and their prices. She scowled at Coldhand as he approached.
"What are you doing here?" Sarah snapped. She reached under the bar, probably going for the antique shotgun that she kept there.
"I only need some information, Marcus," Coldhand said.
"Why should I help you?"
Coldhand said nothing, only patiently watching the angry woman. Finally, Sarah sighed and turned over a glass, filling it with colorless liquor that smelled like it could melt lead.
"What kind of information?" Sarah asked.
Coldhand reached for the drink, but Sarah made a rude gesture at him. She finished it off herself in two large gulps, and then refilled the glass. After a moment's thought, Sarah poured another and nudged it across the bar towards Coldhand.
"I'm looking for a gang that calls themselves the Steelskins. There was a shoot-out with the police and now they've gone into hiding."
"Those boys work a few levels down from here," Sarah told him. "They brawl with the other gangs from time to time, usually the Grinders and Sisterhood. But they make their color on Vanora White. The Steelskins have a lab somewhere that produces the stuff."
"Do they sell the White themselves or do they deal wholesale to someone else?" Coldhand asked. He took the sharp-smelling drink in his cybernetic hand, the metal of his fingers clinking on the glass. Sarah winced at the sound.
"Those Steelskin boys deal their White themselves. They don't want to give a cut to a middleman, I suppose. You going to drink that or let me talk it to death?" she asked.
Coldhand was turning his glass. The light flashed from the faceted sides. "Twenty percent," he said quietly, to himself.
"What? It's on the house, as always, you damnable robot."
She thought he was talking about paying for the drink. Coldhand was silent. His failure with the cedrophin did not inspire him to try again so soon. Strong drinks, good chems and beautiful women All pointless.
"No reason to let it go to waste, then," Sarah said. She reached out and took the glass, slipping it easily from the bounty hunter's smooth cybernetic fingers. The stout bartender upended the contents into her mouth and swallowed hard.
"The one I need is called Vyron Fethru. Do you know him?" Coldhand asked.
"Vyron's their salesman. A smooth-talking Dailon," Sarah answered. "A hawk, I think, but it's hard to tell with them. Knows how to cut a deal, that one."
Coldhand nodded. She had given him enough information to hunt his mark to ground and take him. Without thanking Sarah, he turned and strode out of the Rusty Frigate.
______

Sarah watched the hunter leave, still holding his glass. The dregs of kyn were bright at the bottom, clear as starlight back home. She sighed and tried to relax. It had been four years since she first met Coldhand, and it had never gotten easier to handle the ice-hearted young hunter. He still managed to give her a bad case of the jitters.
Sarah berated her bouncer for letting the obviously armed Coldhand into the bar, threatening to replace the retired pounceball player if he couldn't handle the job. In spite of all he had done for her, Coldhand was a frightening, dangerous man and she prayed that he would never walk into the Rusty Frigate again.
Had it really been four years? It seemed like so much less. Four years since Coldhand had hunted down her husband's killer, the man who had knifed her beloved hawk over a drink. Sarah traced her fingers over the polished surface of the bar she and Durwin had built together. She knew every nick and scratch, every dent Durwin had put in the thing. God, how he had loved the Frigate.
But love wasn't money. Fifty cenmarks was all she could offer as a bounty, not even enough to pay for recharging the batteries of Coldhand's gun. The hunter had taken the single orange chip without complaint, informing her in that cold voice that Durwin's murderer was dead, his body in the custody of the Axis police. Sarah still remembered the tears of gratitude, throwing her arms around Coldhand's neck and fumbling for the words to thank him. The young man offered no comfort, pulling away from her weeping embrace with his reward in hand and stalking away without another word.
______

The next day, Coldhand made his way down to Level Nine, pausing in his descent long enough to spend some of his dwindling color on some new clothes. Despite the neutral temperature of the environmentally controlled city, he bought a long-sleeved coat and full gloves, effectively hiding his cybernetic hand when he pulled them on. No one would recognize Coldhand's face. It was his metal limb for which he was named that might be recognized. The hem of the coat reached his knees, hiding his low-slung Talon.
By early afternoon, Coldhand had spoken to almost every chem dealer from that part of Level Nine. From each, he tried to buy fifty vials of Vanora White, far more than any of them kept in stock. About the time that Coldhand's stomach was growling in protest of a second neglected meal  having missed breakfast already  he found what he needed. For the last of Coldhand's money, the chemical vendor sold him two vials of White.
"I can put you in contact with someone who can sell you the rest of it."
The dealer was a thin Axial man with sunken cheeks and mismatched eyes. The green one stared perpetually down the side of his nose, leaving only the brown left eye to focus on Coldhand.
"Around here, only the Steels have that much White," he told the bounty hunter. "I could probably get thirty vials from north side in about a week for cheaper, but you're in a hurry. A man like you has better things to do than wait around for his chems. Am I right? Meet me here tonight and I'll have a contact for you."
Coldhand was waiting for the odd eyed dealer early that evening. The man was smirking and rubbing a pair of grubby white chips together between his fingers. A finder's fee from the Steelskins for bringing in a new customer, no doubt.
"Tomorrow morning," he said. "The Steelskins will send their man here at eight sharp with the goods. A Dailon fellow called Vyron."
"Will you be here?" Coldhand asked. How many would there be? What kind of fight did he need to prepare for?
The dealer gave him an oily smile, misinterpreting the hunter's question. "I got me some business on the other side." He patted Coldhand on the shoulder companionably. "But don't be nervous, my boy. As long as you got the color to pay, you've nothing to be afraid of."
"Will Vyron bring friends?" Coldhand tried to sound worried. He was not a skilled actor, but the pregnant pause in his question was enough to convince the other man.
"Steelskins usually send Vyron with a couple of their own for muscle these days," he said, nodding. "He used to deal alone, but I hear he got caught a level down by another gang. They had a Nnyth of a time getting him back."
"I'm surprised the Steelskins went after him," Coldhand commented honestly.
"Count me in there. But Vyron's a sweet talker. I guess they didn't want to have to replace him. Be here in the morning with the color and they'll have your White."
Coldhand thanked him curtly and left. He was out of money, but it didn't matter anymore. He had what he needed. Once out of sight of the empty fueling station, he tossed the two vials of Vanora White he had purchased into a rusty trash can. Pointless stuff, a depressant that would only deaden his already leaden nerves. If it did anything at all. Coldhand had no use for it.
Late that night, when the lights in the distant ceiling of Level Nine dimmed to a faint approximation of starlight, Coldhand returned to the station. He prowled silently through the darkened streets, slipping past the vagrants slumbering in doorways without waking them. The chemical dealer was gone, probably returned to an apartment that far outstripped the homes of his customers. Coldhand suspected that he had stepped over many of those customers as they snored on the sidewalks.
He had hoped Vyron would come alone. It would have made his job easier, but the Steelskins apparently deemed the mark a valuable member of their little organization. Anyone sent with Vyron tomorrow would fight hard to defend the Dailon.
Coldhand examined the abandoned fueling station for hiding places or cover that his opponents might use. The four freestanding fuel pumps were flimsy, the dispensing mechanisms covered only by thin aluminum siding. Coldhand checked the door to the office. It was boarded over and closed with a heavy padlock. The lock showed signs of violence as Coldhand angled it in the artificial twilight, but had not been broken. Circling the small building, he found much the same treatment on the rear entry and all of the windows.
Nothing here could be used to much advantage by either side, Coldhand decided. He could take the high ground against Vyron and his companions, but a fire-fight would make it harder for him to catch the Dailon man. Stuck on the rooftop, he would be irrecoverably behind if his mark decided to run. Coldhand carried only his Talon-9 and he did not have the time or color to get his hands on something less lethal. No, despite the disadvantages, Coldhand needed to be on the ground to catch his mark intact.
He pulled his com from the gun belt around his hips. It had been left clipped to the leather when Xia had disarmed him aboard the Blue Phoenix, recovered when the bounty hunter made his escape. The blocky green letters blinked 2:28. He still had hours to wait until Vyron showed up.
Coldhand walked a short distance away and found a recessed doorway, the entrance to a store long since driven out of business. The sign was gone, leaving an only slightly paler smear on the building's faade where it had been. The windows were filthy, inside and out, making it impossible to look through them. Coldhand sat down in the niche, positioning himself so that he could still watch the empty station. He pulled up the collar of his coat and leaned back. No one could discern him from the countless vagrants.
Nights in the lower levels of Axis were timeless. A single, unchanging gray moment stretched from the planet's dusk until dawn. Coldhand looked up. There was no mistaking the ceiling of Level Nine for a sky. The daylights were set at regular intervals to create a predictable, geometric net of dim lights that were nothing like the sea of stars that shone over Level One.
From the first time he saw it, Coldhand had found the glittering sky of the core almost claustrophobic. It was nothing like the diamond-studded black of Prianus, but more like some cosmic giant had upended an entire jewelry store just above his head. They would have been beautiful, Coldhand thought, if he could appreciate beauty at all. But he much preferred the muted lower levels with their pale mimicry, lights dimmed to twenty percent.
Coldhand waited for the unchanging night to end.
______

Vyron and the other Steelskins were early. He walked past Coldhand's resting place without glancing down. Vyron carried a metal briefcase with deep scratches across the ribbed sides. The Dailon was tall and lean, with deep sapphire skin and long, glossy black hair worn in a braid. Vyron's eyes were the same pure obsidian as the rest of his race, but they had a bright, nervous shine to them. They were difficult to read, but Coldhand thought that Steelskins' front man was not as confident as he should have been. Vyron glanced back often at his three companions.
All four wore denims and shirts in varying shades of the black and gray that seemed to be the Steelskin colors. Two of Vyron's associates were huge, at least half of Hadrian blood. They both towered at least seven feet tall, with dark skin and pale eyes. At their waists, half covered by the hems of their shirts, each wore a laser pistol with black tape covering the power indicators.
Those lights were surely flashing orange or red, Coldhand thought. The gang's weapon resources would have been taxed to their limit by the shoot-out with the Axis police. Leaving the lights uncovered would warn their targets as much as their owners that the power cells were running low. With the indicators covered, the bounty hunter could not count how many shots each had left.
Walking well behind the other three, the last Steelskin was Arcadian. He had blond hair shaved close to his scalp and the point of his left ear was clipped off. The fairy man wore a long gray coat, slit in the back to accommodate his wings. Half-concealed underneath, Coldhand caught the glitter of something that threw back the artificial sunlight in tiny rainbows. Glass.
He would have to be careful of the Arcadian, the bounty hunter decided, and kill him as soon as possible. Chasing Cavainna had taught him the dangers of their glass weapons. They were archaic compared to laser and nanotechnologies, but were wickedly sharp and very nearly unbreakable. She had nearly gutted him on several occasions with her spear.
Coldhand waited until the four Steelskins had taken up positions at the abandoned fueling depot, clustered around one of the empty pumps. He crept closer, slipping his Talon free and clicking off the safety. The two humans leaned on the derelict machinery, boasting and telling stories. Vyron seemed distracted and said little. Relegated to the only real work to be done for the moment, the Arcadian stood at the corner and watched the street for their promised customer. Coldhand circled to the far side, behind the fairy. As the bounty hunter closed, one of the Hadrian men was thumping Vyron on the back.
"Relax, Vy. When we're done, we'll send the bird" he said, jabbing a dark finger the Arcadian's direction. "back to Jainna with the color and then we'll take you out for a drink. You need to unwind."
"Yeah," the other agreed. "You've been flat ever since the Sisters, Vy."
Vyron shrugged noncommittally and craned his head from side to side, looking for his customer. He spotted Coldhand approaching and smiled congenially until he saw the long-barreled pistol in the bounty hunter's hand. The Dailon didn't have a chance to warn his companions before the shriek of laserfire raised the alarm for him.
Coldhand's first shot  fired as he came around the corner of the boarded up office  caught the first Hadrian just above his right eye as he tried to ask Vyron where he would like to go for the suggested drink. The man dropped to the pavement, his head connecting with a sickening crack, but the light was already gone from his eggshell eyes.
The second human shouted in surprised rage, whirling on the threat as he pulled his own gun. Vyron backed away and held up the case of White like a shield. His dark eyes were wide with terror. In an instant, the Arcadian was in the air, beating his wings in a frenzy to gain altitude and yanking a pair of glass daggers from under his coat.
Coldhand pulled back behind the corner of the empty station as the remaining Hadrian freed his weapon and fired. The gangster's aim was sloppy, but the laser's noise generator had been removed and the red bolts made no sound. They impacted and burned into the side of the office.
He did not dare stay behind cover too long. Vyron was going to run. Coldhand darted out from behind the office and tucked into a roll to minimize his profile. Molten laserfire flew over him before the Hadrian could lower his aim, but the bounty hunter was already back on his feet, swinging his Talon around and firing two return shots.
The first clipped the enraged human in the gun arm. He screamed and fumbled with his weapon. The second caught the Steelskin square in the chest. The Hadrian sagged to the ground, jerking as he died. Vyron turned to bolt, dropping his briefcase. The metal clanged on the pavement and Coldhand heard glass shattering inside. His muscles bunched as he lunged to tackle the Dailon to the ground, but there was a rush of wind and the Arcadian was on him. Coldhand parried the fairy's first face-seeking slash aside on his cybernetic forearm. The glass blade rang hard off the illonium, but Jumo's welds held. For now.
The hunter ducked a second thrust, letting it glide harmlessly past his right shoulder. Coldhand tried to grab at the Arcadian's overextended wrist in an attempt to drag him to the ground, but his hand closed on something smoother than skin or cloth and the slender man slipped from his grasp. Pulled off balance, the Arcadian's wings slapped against the ground, momentarily tangling in the long tails of his coat. He tugged it off and coiled his legs under him, leaping back into the air.
No longer concealed, Coldhand could see that the Arcadian wore a suit of armor. It looked much like the steel plate mail he had seen illustrated in books as a boy  used on Prianus almost two thousand years ago  but this suit was crafted entirely of shining glass. Though Myles had claimed that Cavainna had been some kind of knight on her homeworld, he had never seen her wear such armor. Coldhand swiftly pulled his aim up as the other man wheeled up into the air. He did not have time to worry about it now.
Vyron was running. Coldhand heard his feet pounding on the asphalt and his sobbing, labored breathing. There was little time before the Dailon was too far away to catch. The bounty hunter fired a shot that should have dropped the fairy with a cored heart, but the laser dispersed as it struck the glass armor.
Coldhand swore. No wonder the suit of crystal armor glittered so brightly, even in the flat light. The refraction index was probably more refined than diamonds, so low that a couple of angles harmlessly dissipated even lethal laserfire.
The Arcadian folded his wings and plummeted again, daggers held at the ready. Coldhand stood his ground as the Steelskin dove. Before the blades connected, the bounty hunter squeezed the trigger of the Talon, blasting a lance of red laser full into his opponent's unprotected face. The Arcadian tumbled heavily out of the air. A blood-spattered wing fell across the ruins of the fairy's face, but his armor did not so much as chip in the fall.
Coldhand sprinted after Vyron. The Dailon was half a block away, weeping with terror and fighting for breath, when the bounty hunter caught him. Coldhand grabbed Vyron by the back of his shirt, jerking him back and putting his still-hot pistol to the man's temple.
"Are you Vyron Fethru?"
Vyron was shaking so hard that he could barely speak. "Yes," he stammered. "Why? What do you want? Oh, God, I didn't do anything! Nothing important!"
With his mark's identity confirmed, Coldhand dragged Vyron away.

Chapter 15:
Red and Gold

"Better a just war than an unjust peace."
- Cavain a'Shae, Arcadian monarch (10,620 MA)

Xia had tried to calm him, but Gripper stumbled over his own words as he told Maeve of his worries. Religious wars, bloody battles starting right here on Stray! He gesticulated wildly in ardent concern, nearly knocking into Xia several times. Maeve listened without comment until the young Arboran finished. Then she gestured for the other two to follow her into the Blue Phoenix.
"What're we going to do, Smoke? What if there is some kind of jihad going on here?" Gripper asked, loping along beside her on his big knuckles.
"Do? We will do nothing for the time being," Maeve said.
"But" he protested.
She cut him off. "The wars of the galaxy are not of our concern. Only if the Nihilists' campaign proves to be a danger to Kessa and her child will this become any business of ours."
Maeve turned to Xia. The Ixthian doctor frowned, but not at her. Perhaps her caring, maternal nature was torn. A war might well be brewing here on Stray, one that might endanger uncounted lives, but involving the crew of the Blue Phoenix would surely put them in danger, as well as the pregnant Kessa. Maeve felt no such conflict. Let the worlds die, let them fade away just like the White Kingdom. Let the worlds tear each other apart in pointless battles of ideologies. She worried only about keeping Kessa and her child safe.
"Xia, go wake Tiberius and Kessa," Maeve instructed. "The hour is not so late. Duaal is a young man and I am certain he is still up. We must discuss Gripper's concern with them and decide if this is a threat to Kessa."
Xia nodded and hurried up the stairs out of the hold. Gripper was lingering in the hold. He looked frightened. Maeve did not follow Xia. Gripper's expression was not the intellectual worry of a far-off religious war that would have little, if anything, to do with him, but much more like the look Caith had worn the first time he faced his sister across the lists of a tourney field.
"I do not know that this is wise," the young prince said.
Maeve grinned and jumped down from one of the large wooden rings set atop a tall, bright-painted pole. She fluttered to a soft landing beside Caith and set her spear down. The deadly glass blade was swathed with brightly colored scarves for training, just like Orthain's had been when she was a squire.
"Come now, little brother, are you afraid that I would hurt you?" she laughed, putting a wing around him. Caith smiled up at her.
"Of course not. You have always been gentle with me. I fear that I will harm myself. I lack your grace, Maeve."
She ruffled Caith's black hair affectionately. "As I have ever envied the grace of your mind. But you still wish to become a knight, like me, do you not? How else will you achieve that but through practice?"
"I will never be a champion of the tourney field," Caith said. "I seek my armor only to remain by your side, enarri, as duty commands you from world to world. Let us return to our work and do not let my fear hinder the training of your clumsy sibling!"
Maeve blushed and giggled at Caith. He was working so hard to become a knight just so they would never have to be separated again. She embraced her little brother and took to the air again.
"What troubles you?" Maeve asked haltingly and then bit her lip. She had almost called Gripper by her dead brother's name. The Arboran did not seem to have noticed.
"What what if Tiberius thinks that the Church of Nihil is dangerous to Kessa?" he said with a whimper. "There isn't anywhere else to take her. Will we have to fight?"
"We do not yet know the accuracy of your fears. We will further investigate the matter. There may be nothing here to endanger anyone."
Gripper brightened just a little at that. Maeve could not help smiling a little. He was so much like Caith.
Kessa was still rubbing blearily at her large black eyes when Xia brought her to the mess. Tiberius and Duaal were already there, listening to Gripper's recounting of the evening sermon. She dropped sleepily in the seat Xia indicated.
Maeve watched Kessa carefully. Her time was close. Kessa's splayfooted waddle was growing more pronounced by the day. As one of Maeve's duties  one of few she actually performed  she monitored their supplies. Since the Dailon had come on board, their food consumption had nearly doubled as Kessa ate for both her taxed body and the rapidly growing baby inside her. But in the past few days, her appetite had plummeted.
One evening prior, while Xia was examining Maeve's healing wounds, she asked the Ixthian about it. She had told Maeve that the sudden decline was a sure sign of the coming end to Kessa's pregnancy. Dailon gestation was short by galactic standards, Xia explained, only four or five months long. Mother and child formed a vast network of interconnecting blood vessels to facilitate the massive flow of nutrients to the growing baby. When the pregnancy drew to a close, the veins and arteries began to atrophy and separate, maintaining only the bare minimum to sustain to the child until delivery. If they didn't, Xia told Maeve, Kessa would bleed to death during labor. To guess by the way she was eating and the sketchy dates Kessa could blushingly provide for the baby's conception, Xia guessed that the girl was no more than a week from delivery, possibly as little as three days.
Logan would have to work quickly to get Vyron to Stray before his child was born. There was a chance, of course, that some other bounty hunter would take the job and deliver Vyron, but Maeve did not think so. It would be too tempting to take such a simple job that would place Logan right back on Stray, right where he needed to be to resume hunting her. At least, Maeve hoped so. She hoped so hard that it became an ache.
Brother and sister lunged as one to encircle the hart between them in a gentle cage of feathers and questing hands. With a soft bleat, the white-furred faun sank to its knees, Maeve and Caith's fingers laced lightly in its fur.
"We have to make a wish now, right?" the young prince asked. He lifted his hands and began to stroke the soft white fur. The little hart calmed under his touch, lying quiet on the carpet of fallen leaves.
"Yes, one wish. We caught him but did not harm him," Maeve explained. "Think carefully about your wish! Wait, I will sing mine first so you can see how it is done."
"Maeve?"
Everyone was looking at her. Maeve realized she was pacing and clenching her dirty hands. They were shaking. Badly. She wanted a drink. Tiberius scowled at her. Though the Phoenix's captain had not been sleeping, he was dressed for bed in checkered flannel pants and a robe whose tattered sleeves bore mute testament to Orphia's affections.
"Maeve? Do you think Gripper's right?" he asked.
"I think that we know little," Maeve answered slowly. "I think it unlikely, but perhaps the Sisterhood left this city in peace and is no threat to the Union of Light or to Kessa."
"If they're anything like the Sisters back home on Axis, not a chance," Kessa said, shaking her head. "They've never done anything peaceably and they'd sure never listen to a group that would let a male speak for them."
"Is it not possible that the Nihilists threatened violence upon the Sisterhood and that they left rather than face the Church of Nihil."
"They would have fought," Kessa protested.
Maeve nodded, conceding the point.
"How isn't half as important as why," said Duaal. "Was it a gang war or a religious one?"
"What does it matter?" Xia asked. "If the Nihilists are after Sisterhood, they're not going to be happy that Kessa's here."
"Duaal's right," Tiberius agreed. The mage preened. "If the Nihilists got rid of the Sisterhood just to try to clean up their new nesting ground, I doubt they'll make any problems for Kessa. Anthem said the Sisterhood's been gone for a while now. No reason they'd be looking for a Sister."
"If they learn of Kessa's past membership, trouble will find her," Maeve said. "But it is a simple secret to keep."
Kessa blinked sleepily as she tried to follow the conversation. Finally, she seemed to understand and her blue skin paled a shade. "You mean they might try to kill me because I used to be a Sister? If I tell anyone?"
"It's possible," Tiberius said.
"We can't let them do that," Gripper cried.
"If that's even what they're up to," Tiberius reminded them. "We don't know that yet. Maeve is right  we need to find out what's going on here. Are these Nihilists going to be looking for Kessa or is their business with the Sisterhood over?"
"Our task must be done quickly. Kessa has little time left," Maeve said.
The captain glanced at his first mate again. "Take care of it," Tiberius ordered.
"I will go tomorrow to the Church of Nihil. I will discover the truth of the black cathedral."
"Hey, Smoke?" Gripper asked tentatively.
"Yes?"
"Be careful, please?"
"I will not, by unthinking or rash actions, bring harm to Kessa's child," Maeve promised. Solemnly, sincerely.
"That's not what I meant," Gripper mumbled as the Arcadian princess stood and left the room.
Maeve stroked the white hart's velvet ear. "My wish I wish to do what no other knight has ever done. I wish to see the stars and their worlds. I wish to travel, little hart."
Caith gasped, his jade green eyes wide and frightened. "That is a dangerous wish! Leave the White Kingdom?"
Maeve opened her mouth to assure her sibling that all will be well. She was a knight of Arcadia and a woman grown, but Caith smiled at her.
"Hart, I know what I wish for. When when Maeve flies into the stars, I wish for her to be safe. Let her be well and happy. That is what I wish for."
He lifted his wings and gave the hart a light swat on the flank. The white fawn bolted back into the forest. Maeve enfolded her young brother in her wings, gently chiding him for wasting his one wish on her. Caith buried his face in her feathers and held his only sister close, as though he'd never let her go. Maeve was deeply touched.
"I only want you to be happy and well, Maeve," he said. "Promise me that you will be?"
______

When the ancient red sun rose the next day, Maeve was already awake. She was in the semicircle of communal showers, her wings spread to their full length to keep them out of the cascading water. The princess washed her matted black hair and worked a heavy comb through the wet tangles.
Her usual negligence might have served well enough to pass among the other ragged Arcadians on Stray, perhaps even work in her favor in convincing the Nihilists of the sincerity of her despair. It was true enough, Maeve supposed. There was no beauty left in the worlds; least of all her.
The Arcadian picked another snarl of midnight hair from the teeth of the comb and tossed it aside. She would have to rely on her words to convince the Nihilists that she truly wished to join their order. Maeve's appearance would have a different part to play in this little ruse. If the black cathedral was beginning a new generation of religious wars, it was doubtful that their leaders were yet willing to discuss the coming battle openly. If they had, surely news would have leaked out by now and the Alliance would have put a stop to it.
Maeve would have to convince the Nihilists that she was one of them. She combed her fingers through her hair. Her scalp ached, but she met no resistance. Untangled, her dripping tresses fell almost to Maeve's waist in loose waves. She turned on the water again and picked up a bottle of bleach from the floor, pilfered from Duaal's personal stores. She poured the contents into her hand. The bleach was acrid and made her eyes water, but she lathered it up between her palms and rubbed it into her hair, from roots to tips. She applied a little to her eyebrows, as well, and hoped that no one would look too closely at her eyelashes.
When Maeve had washed the stinking bleach away, she inspected the results in the mirror. The dark blonde she achieved was not quite the golden color that marked the rest of her race, but it would have to do. Her natural color was tenacious. At least the bleaching effectively hid her royal blood. Maeve stared at the reflection. How her mother would have frowned to see her daughter wash away the mark of her heritage.
Maeve sneered at the woman in the mirror. What did it matter what her mother would have thought? Princess Beltain was dead. Gone. Not bothering to wrap a towel around herself, Maeve left the showers and made her way back through the corridors of the Blue Phoenix to her quarters. Tiberius passed her in the hall, yawning and carrying Orphia on his arm.
"Good God, girl! How many times have I told you not to prance around my bird without clothes on?" he hollered at her.
"More times than the sky has stars."
She brushed past Tiberius and keyed open the door to her room. The Arcadian was fairly sure she saw him blush a bit, but it was difficult to tell through his stubble and ruddy skin.
There was a quarter-full bottle of narcohol partially hidden under the bunk. Maeve picked it up and drained the contents in a couple of swallows, then dropped it unceremoniously onto her unmade bed. She prodded at the clothes littering the floor with her toe, wrinkling her nose in disgust at her own mess. None of her usual garb was clean enough to serve.
Maeve went to the tiny closet and picked gingerly through the contents. Some of the clothes hanging inside had not been worn for longer than anyone else on the ship had been alive. Her half-formed plan hinged on convincing the Nihilists that she was wealthy and powerful enough to be of help to them. She hoped that the promise of a beneficial alliance would loosen a tongue or two enough to tell her what the Church of Nihil was up to.
Maeve passed up a gauzy gown of red and gold with an intricately laced bodice. While parading through Gharib as a princess, albeit of a lost kingdom, might have convinced the Nihilists of her wealth, it also stood a perilous chance of being utterly unbelievable. The entire Cavainna family was reputed to have died on Illisem, defending the Arcadian Waygates as their people fled. No, the title of princess would invite more meticulous inspection than her flimsy faade of alliance could endure.
Just the illusion of wealth would be a delicate balance to strike. Arcadians were regarded the worlds over as pathetic refugees. They had fled their world with little but their lives. Maeve ran her fingers through the crimson ribbons of another dress, also in Cavainna red and gold. How many Arcadians had left their homeworlds with nothing? Worse than nothing? Even after their flight from the White Kingdom, thousands died of their wounds or strange alien diseases. How could it be right that Maeve stood at her closet now and contemplated dresses?
She settled on a simple but elegant dress of emerald green silk. It had been a gift from a pair of young dryads on Maeve's thirtieth birthday. A thin blue cloak, cut into three long panels to allow her wings free movement, would keep her consistently dressed with the robed and hooded populace of Stray. She clasped the long, hooded cape across her chest. Maeve selected a few changes of clothes and threw them into an empty satchel.
Who knew how long her task would take? A lady of station could not be seen wearing the same dress twice. Maeve grumbled and forced herself to pull the crumpled gowns back out of the bag. She folded each one meticulously and replaced it in the satchel. She had never been skilled at or cared for courtly games. Maeve stood and picked her way across the cluttered room to the door. She grabbed a handful of cenmarks from a table beside the door and stuffed the chips into her satchel.
Her glass-bladed spear, adorned with its skirt of quest and tourney ribbons, was leaning against the wall. Maeve paused, contemplating the weapon. After a moment's thought, she decided to leave it behind. A spear was the weapon of a knight, not a genteel lady.
When she could think of nothing else to pack, Maeve went down to the hold. There were other airlocks exiting the Blue Phoenix, but those were built for orbital docking and were well above ground level when the ship landed. Since no one but the winged Arcadian princess could use them easily while grounded, Tiberius left them sealed.
Kessa was waiting for her at the airlock, leaning heavily on Duaal's arm. The young mage watched Maeve with an expression of studied neutrality, but Kessa smiled broadly at her. The pregnant Dailon waddled a few ungainly steps and threw her arms around Maeve.
"Oh, I don't even know how to begin thanking you for all this," she said, embracing the fairy tightly. "On Axis, I really thought my baby and I were dead. But you brought me back to this ship and all of your friends! Thank you!"
"They are not my friends, but colleagues only," Maeve objected stiffly.
Kessa giggled as though Maeve had made some wonderfully subtle joke and tightened her hug. "You've all helped me so much. I have a doctor for my baby. I'm not hungry for the first time in in longer than I can even remember. I'll have my Vyron back and then we'll be able to live here. It's kind of hot and sandy, but it's still much nicer than Level Seven."
"We do not yet know if Stray is safe for you," Maeve pointed out.
Kessa finally let go, her embrace not returned by the Arcadian, but ebony eyes still sparkling with joyful tears of gratitude. "But you're going to find out if it is. I know it's dangerous, what you're doing, spying on the Nihilists. I I just wanted to thank you," Kessa said. Her blue cheeks were peaked with color. She took Maeve's hands in hers. "Thank you."
"I neither want nor need your gratitude," the fairy spat. She jerked her hands out of Kessa's. The Dailon took a startled step back from Maeve, looking stricken. "I am no angelic savior, child. My hands run red with the blood of those I have killed, enough to drown you and your baby both. I am a monster."
"Then then why are you helping me?" Kessa asked.
"I owe you no answers," Maeve snarled.
Kessa turned away, crying. She stumbled awkwardly up the steps out of the hold and vanished into the Blue Phoenix. Duaal crossed his arms. Instead of his usual sword, the young Hyzaari wore a glass dagger on his belt, the hilt crisscrossed with woven ribbons of blue and silver. Calloren colors.
He rolled his eyes at Maeve. "Nice, Maeve. I can see why Tiberius chose you to be his first mate. Such a delicate, gentle touch! Do you have to be such a little witch?"
"Discuss your complaint with Tiberius, if you take offense at my conduct," Maeve replied.
Without answering, Duaal glared at Maeve and then turned on his heels to stalk off in search of the distressed Kessa. Maeve was well aware of the young human's dislike. He lacked the steel or spite to kill her or even properly torment her, so she did not spare the time to cultivate his hatred. Better to spend her time honing a more effective blade, like Logan Coldhand.
Maeve turned over the mage's insult in her mind. He was right, of course. She made no attempt to temper her words. Maeve was not a kind or gentle woman, she reminded herself. Perhaps that should have made Duaal's words sting all the more, but she could feel only a brittle sort of regret that he could find nothing worse to condemn her for than a few hurtful words.
The sun was barely above Stray's flat horizon, but the day was already hot. Maeve stepped out of the airlock into a wall of heat. She shook out her wings and vaulted into the air, soaring east to the black cathedral.

Chapter 16:
Pillars of Light

"The faces of God are as many as the faces of his children scattered among the stars. The demons of the hells, too, wear a multitude of faces. Open your heart to your fellow children of God, but be wary of the too-sweet smile."
- The Books of Light (23 PA)

Compared to the great megatropolises of the core worlds, Gharib was barely worthy of note. It was a small city, devoid of a single starscraper or even a building that rose over twelve stories tall. From the air, Gharib was a crude circle, a great blemish against the uniform yellow-brown of the surrounding desert.
A dusty highway circled the central marketplace, alive with vehicles whose individual styles were invisible from Maeve's altitude. It was spanned by several wide, simple footbridges, all constructed of the dun-colored siltstone that seemed to make up most of Stray. The stone was cheap and plentiful, found all over the planet. It was the perfect building material for the often poor beings who came to Stray for a new start. The dark cathedral of the Nihilists shimmered on the eastern horizon, wavering and dancing in the hot air like a sickly black flame. Maeve curled her wings into the wind and spiraled down towards the church.
A Mirran woman of middle years met Maeve at the door and led her into the cathedral. She had dark skin and a curl to her deep green-brown hair that hinted at one or two Hadrians somewhere in her ancestry. A hood and veil of the same dark, rough cloth as her robes, concealed most of her olive-striped face but for her downcast eyes. She asked Maeve to wait, loitered for a moment for an admiring glance at the fairy's clothes and then vanished off into the long, gray shadows
It was swelteringly hot inside the Nihilist cathedral. Maeve could hear a few hushed conversations and several fits of coughing, even the thick, wet sound of someone being noisily sick, but no hum of a cooling system. Sunlight filtered down through the windows of the spires and holes in the roof, creating amber pillars of light out of the dusty air.
The church was a single vast room, as far as Maeve could tell. Rusted ladders hung from the uneven ceiling like bones thrust up from the softened flesh of a rotting corpse, leading up into each of the steeples. Ropes dangled from chipped and cracked bells, barely within arm's reach of the crown of the ladders. For anyone without wings, simply ringing the church bells was dangerous.
Not that the Church of Nihil lacked for wings. The wide, high-ceilinged room was filled with people. Maeve could not make an accurate count from where she stood, but she could take a guess. There must have been nearly two hundred people huddled around small, makeshift tables of stones and sheets of metal, sharing small meals or draped across piles of fallen masonry, sleeping or perhaps simply too weary to move. Most wore the simple, coarse black robes that seemed to be the Nihilist uniform. She caught sight of a Nihilist whose robes had been dyed a brilliant, ember red, but the man vanished into the crowd before Maeve could study them further.
At least half of those sprawled in the church were Arcadians, their pale skins muddy with sweat and dirt. Many of the gathered fairies cradled wings that would not bear them. Maeve was revolted. They were scabrous and sickly-looking, great patches of feathers fallen out from malnutrition. A few raised hands or wings to Maeve in limp greeting, but none of the fairies made any further effort to welcome her.
A man approached her. He was quiet, perhaps out of respect for those sleeping inside the Nihilist cathedral, but more likely out of habit. None of the Nihilists seemed very excitable. They lay quietly, waiting for their deaths. The man was a human of indeterminate lineage. He could not have been much past thirty, but his brown hair was retreating across his scalp and his face was prematurely lined.
He moved with a sort of drunken, dreamy sway, weaving between piles of refuse and recumbent bodies. His eyes had a distinct glaze to them. She guessed that the Nihilist could barely even see her. He could have been looking at any wanderer who happened to find their way into the cathedral, it did not matter which one.
"Welcome to the Godless House," he greeted her, smiling vacantly. "How may we serve you, child?"
"I am looking for the man who leads this church. Was it you who spoke so movingly?" Maeve asked. She knew perfectly well that this blank-eyed man could not have been the one she had listened to the night before, but a little flattery couldn't hurt.
The Nihilist shook his head. "No. That was Gavriel. He's taught so many of us the true emptiness of being."
"Who is he?"
The man smiled at her again. He was missing several of his teeth. The empty gaps stared like the blank eye-holes of some dead thing lying beside the road, left to rot in the sun. "Gavriel is the founder and master of the Church of Nihil. His wisdom has brought comfort to many," he told Maeve. "He travels across all of Stray to spread his message."
"His words opened my eyes," Maeve said. Convincingly, she hoped. "I would thank him myself for his words."
"Unfortunately, Gavriel left early this morning for Kharnig," the Nihilist said. "He won't be back for a few days."
Maeve swore inwardly. She had already missed him. Whatever the church's agenda was, it was surely the plan of their master, this man Gavriel. The princess made herself smile at the gape-toothed man.
"No matter," she said. "It is not for pleasant company that I have come. I will thank Gavriel when next he is here."
"You're welcome to join the rest of the Arcadians here. You and your kind have known so much pain. We can help you find your death."
"I long for such an ending," Maeve said. The words came easily, naturally.
The Nihilist, who introduced himself as Bren, found Maeve a corner where a piece of fallen siding was propped up against a heap of trash and sand. He left her, pleading some other errand, but assured her that he would be back immediately if she needed anything. Anything at all.
Maeve folded her wings against her back to protect her against heat and leaned back against the sheet of steel. She needed time to gather her thoughts. Gavriel was the one she needed. At least, he was the one she knew could answer her questions. Could Bren? Maeve did not think so, not to guess by his glazed eyes. Even if the man had been trusted with important knowledge, there was no promise that he could recall it.
The other Nihilists? Maeve peered about the cathedral. How long had any of them been here? Gavriel gave open invitations in his speeches, welcoming new converts freely. Who knew how long any of them had been here, what they might or might not know?
Gavriel was gone, but with only a few hours' head start. She contemplated flying after the Nihilist leader, chasing the man down and wresting his secrets from him. She discarded the idea as useless. Maeve was not a skilled tracker. Even a century ago, when she was still an honored knight of a flourishing kingdom, her brother had led their hunts. Caith's eyes had been as sharp as his mind. There was almost nothing her clever, sweet brother could not do.
Almost.
Her eyes were dry in the cloying, close heat inside the cathedral. She was half certain that they would shrivel up in their sockets like raisins before long. Maeve rubbed her face. She had to think, figure out what to do next, but memories  supposed to be more than a century in their graves  would not leave her alone.
"Highness, please. Listen to me!" Orthain said. He took Maeve by the shoulder and spun her to face him.
They were on one of the broad green tourney fields, Aes' brilliant light glittering off their glass armor. Maeve's plate mail was intricately wrought as lace, covered in delicate scrollwork of deep red and glittering gold. She clasped her spear in white-knuckled fingers.
"Your words are treason, Sir Fyre!" the princess answered. Her cheeks were pricked with a dark flush and her voice was shaking.
"Treason? Maeve, I want only to protect you and your brother!"
Orthain, lovely and honorable Sir Orthain Fyre, never lost his temper! Yet he dared to seize her in anger, to make her listen. Orthain's beautiful golden hair was unbound, falling over his shoulders in wild curls that hearkened back to the Arcadians' ancient days as free creatures of the skies. His eyes blazed and his fine fingers clenched in tightly on Maeve's shoulders. The glass of his glass armor clinked lightly against hers.
"Highness, Erris sings a unique song for each of us. Your song, and mine, is that of a knight. But Caith's is not! His mind is sharp as a blade and he has a keen eye, but he is too gentle of heart and too fragile of body. Your royal brother cannot wield a spear without harming himself and endangering those around him. He cannot be a knight, even for you!"
"Be silent!" Maeve screamed. "Caith will be a knight! He will fly and fight and live always at my side! You seek only to take my brother away from me, Sir Fyre! You would have me to yourself alone. You think only of yourself!"
The princess raised her hand to strike Orthain, but he caught her wrist. He held it firmly but gently as a baby bird that he worried would injure itself in its panicked thrashing. Maeve dropped her spear and tried to lash out again. The blond knight deflected her second blow as easily as the first. It was not for his beauty that Orthain had been knighted.
"I would never have you further than wing's reach, princess," he told her. His voice was thick. "For years, I have trained you in the arts of knighthood. The king himself granted you your spear, but you never ceased returning to me for lessons. It has been my privilege and joy to serve you, Highness."
He pulled her against him. Their crystalline breastplates rang at the contact and Orthain wrapped his wings around Maeve. Even through her rage, she felt a sweet panic speed her already racing heart. She had longed for Sir Fyre since she was a little girl, watching the handsome young knight in training with her father, Arlinn. The decades training under him had often been almost more than she could bear.
"Your heart means far too much to me to ever hurt you, Highness," Orthain told her. "And far too much for me to be silent. I know that you wish to be near Caith and that he would never be separated from you. But his is not the way of Anslin the Sky-Knight, and if he chooses a dance to which he is ill suited, it may cost Caith his life. I would not see you so wounded!"
Maeve sagged against Orthain, suddenly boneless and tired. She rested her cheek against the cool glass of his armor. His feathers tickled the back of her neck and the sun was warm against her skin. She could not imagine why she had been so angry with Orthain in the first place. He had been a good friend and mentor since she was old enough to lift a spear. He only wanted to help her. He only wanted her.
"Thank you for your candor, Sir Fyre," she sighed, leaning against the other knight. "You are a good and brave knight to endure my wrath to give me sage advice. I will speak to Caith. As knights, we might have been able to serve together, but it seems that our paths will part"
"There may be another way for you and Caith to remain together." He carefully released Maeve's hands and began to stroke her long raven hair as he spoke. "I will tell you my idea if you will please call me by my given name."
The princess looked up at Orthain. The angry red flush faded to a delicate rosy blush. Was she dreaming? No knights called one another by their first name, not unless their relationship was one of other than professional peers.
"I will call you Orthain," she said, "if you will call me yours."
He smiled and hooked his finger under Maeve's chin, lifting her face to his and kissing her tenderly.
"Until the Nameless takes me, Maeve," he whispered.
______

By that afternoon, Maeve still had not decided what to do. When it grew too hot, she rose from her resting spot and wandered aimlessly around the church, pondering her next step.
Bren did not seem to be the only priest in the black cathedral. Perhaps half a dozen other men and women moved about the church with a purposeful stride. For the most part, they spent their time with the sickest of their congregation. They did not administer any kind of treatment. They only sat beside the dying, offering smiling encouragement as though illness were some great achievement worthy of congratulations.
The others clustered inside the cathedral were friendly, in their own way. They shared stories of misery, abuse and hopelessness with the heedless, tired cheer of the terminally ill. Most were sick, wracked by disease or chemical abuse. Many of them were dying. A group of other Arcadians invited her to join them around a dented aluminum bowl. Something inside was burning, filling and overflowing the dish with sweet-smelling, green-tinged smoke. Maeve considered for a moment, then declined and moved on.
As the day plodded on, more converts trickled through the doors. Each was greeted by one of the priests and shown to a squalid patch of their own. Some left once they realized that last night's persuasive speaker was gone, but most remained and joined the sickly congregation, as Maeve had. Bren visited each who stayed, chatting with the newcomers for a minute or two before wandering away again.
Maeve watched and listened. The priest's eyes were not quite as glassy and distant as she had first thought. Bren did not seem wholly devoted to the task of welcoming the new Nihilists, but the princess suspected that his mind was not gone, just elsewhere. Bren was looking at the new converts, but not into their eyes. He was staring at their bodies.
Hours passed and the pillars of dusty light began their slanting westward march. Maeve perched on a pile of crumbled siltstone, studying Bren. He spent mere moments with a plump Lyran woman who held a bundle of ragged puppy's clothes to her breast, but lingered with a gaunt Dailon with a blood-stained bandage around his head, tangled in his ragged black hair. A Hyzaari man with wide, sad green eyes merited scarcely a glance, while he stared at a jittery skeleton of an Arcadian woman for almost an hour. Bren eyed the open red sores on her exposed skin and the thin crust of yellow foam at the corners of her mouth with frank admiration.
He was gauging their health. Bren wanted to know who was dying and who was merely ill. Those closest to their final breath were guided to places in the middle of the open cathedral floor, laid down on dirty beds and pillows in plain view of the congregation. Was it some kind of worship? Gavriel had spoken so lovingly of death it would follow that his church would put it on reverent display.
Maeve did not know how to feel. Since the fall of the White Kingdom, she had longed for death herself for a hundred years. Why should the practices of the Church of Nihil bother her? The Arcadian waved the question away for the moment. She was here to perform a duty, one of vital importance to Kessa and her unborn child. Maeve returned her attentions to Bren.
He knelt beside a reclining woman, an Ixthian whose silver skin was so fragile that it bruised and bled at the priest's lightest touch. Radiation sickness? Her eyes burned with a feverish ember light. The Nihilist priest brandished his bloody fingers to the small crowd gathered around the dying woman. He was saying something, but his voice did not carry to Maeve's pointed ears. The circle of watchers seemed to agree, nodding to one another and murmuring.
Maeve turned at a noise. Footsteps. It was the same Mirran woman who had brought her into the cathedral earlier that day. She had removed her hood and veil to reveal dry, cracked lips and a crooked nose, broken at some point in the past. She held a basin covered with a relatively clean towel and carried it with painstaking care across the church's uneven floor. Maeve beckoned to her. The woman approached slowly, not raising her eyes from the ground.
"Do you need something?" she asked.
"Just a moment's conversation and perhaps answers to idle curiosity," Maeve said. "Might I ask your name?"
"Elsa," the Mirran answered quietly.
There was a moment of uncomfortable silence and then Maeve realized she was expecting a name in return. No one else in the cathedral had asked.
"I am Shae," Maeve told her.
It was a common name in the White Kingdom. In Aver, one of the things it meant was "night," though it had many other translations. Shae was the reverent form of the word, used usually when demurring to use Cavain's name. He was said to have been of divine blood, from the womb of Aes Sky-Dancer herself. Cavain and his progeny alone were born with black hair in the midst of the golden-maned Arcadians, marking them as heirs to his kingdom.
Legend held that, faced with the glory of Cavain's divinity and power, the early courtiers of the White Kingdom could not bring themselves to call their king by his birth name, like a mere aerad. So, for his midnight hair, they called him Shae. In the millennia since those days, the title had become a common name in the noble houses of the White Kingdom. The name portended great things for any child it was given to.
"Shae?" Elsa asked. Her eyes crept up Maeve's green silk dress. By the covetous hunger in her brown eyes, the gown was probably the single most expensive thing she had ever seen in her life. "Isn't that name from the rich fairy family?"
"You are well versed in Arcadian culture," Maeve said with very real surprise. "Most beings of the core appear to have some difficulty telling us apart, much less remembering our naming traditions."
"Lots of fairies come here," the other woman replied. "I like them."
"Do you?" Maeve asked, even more shocked. No one liked the Arcadians.
There was something wrong with how Elsa spoke, something slow and childish. "They have pretty, sad stories to tell. Your kingdom was beautiful, but now it's all gone. All torn apart, all eaten. Now the fairies have no home. So sad." Elsa looked curiously at Maeve. "When you left your place, you went to all the old human worlds, right? Why didn't the fairies all go to the same place?"
"We feared that the Devourers would follow us through the Waygates. If we fled into the arms of the waiting human populace, we hoped to divide the pursuing invasion force in order to weaken them. We used the same strategy on the planets of the White Kingdom but it was not enough to save us."
Elsa considered that for a moment. "I guess that's good," she replied slowly. "I like fairies. Some of them let us sleep under their wings when it gets cold at night. There aren't enough blankets for everyone, unless a lot more people die. Some fairies came here with pretty clothes like yours, but I think your world was very warm because their dresses were thin. They had to get robes like the rest of us. Some of the nice ones gave me their pretty clothes. Lord Gavriel says I'm not allowed to wear them here, but I like looking at them."
"I hoped to ask you of that priest over there," Maeve said, trying to get Elsa back on track. She pointed across the cathedral floor to Bren. The Mirran nodded.
"That's Doctor Bren," Elsa told her proudly. "He's very smart. Bren runs things when Lord Gavriel's gone. He watches the sick and hurt ones, reminds them that the end is good and helps them die."
"How does he help? Does he administer medicines to ease their pain?"
Elsa's eyes went wide and shook her head emphatically, as though Maeve suggested something far more terrible. "Oh, no. Nothing like that! Covering the pain of death would be bad. Death is a good thing and pain is the gateway, Lord Gavriel says. We don't drug the dying ones here. We honor them."
She paused, almost visibly rewinding the conversation in her mind to recall Maeve's original question. Elsa smiled when she finally remembered.
"Bren helps some of us die if we're impatient, helps us with our suicide when we're ready," she said, setting down her covered bowl and gesturing around them. "It's hard for some of us to let go of living. It takes time, but when we're ready, Bren is very good at helping us die. He was a doctor in one of the big colonies on Quarrus until he came here."
"Quarrus is on the other side of the core, far from Stray. How did one of their healers come to be here?" Maeve asked.
Elsa shrugged. "I think Lord Gavriel knows. Maybe Bren is sick, too His teeth fall out sometimes. I don't ask. I just carry things sometimes. I think I should be doing that again."
The green-haired woman picked up her bowl with a shy, sheepish smile. She held it carefully in her hands and turned to leave. Maeve hesitated, then called Elsa's name. The Mirran turned back.
"Elsa, why are you in this place?" Maeve asked quietly.
Timid and kind as she was, Elsa did not seem like a death worshiper. She still burned with life. With joys, even ones as simple as listening to an Arcadian's stories. Elsa thought for a long, ponderous moment before answering.
"I lived on Giadeen for a long time. I grew up there and met a man. He was a traveler and I thought he was beautiful, so we were married. He brought me with him on his ship and we left Giadeen. I found out that he wasn't as nice as I thought," Elsa said. She pushed back her thick, wavy hair. Beneath, at her temple, was a huge, knotted scar.
"My husband didn't love me very much. He hit me a lot when he was mad," she went on. There was no anger in her voice, just the placid regret of someone remembering something lost long ago and almost forgotten since. "Sometimes with his hands, sometimes with things on the ship. Once he hit me on the head with a welder and everything went all dark red. He broke my skull and hurt my brain, I think. I had a harder time with things after that.
"We flew here, to Stray. When my husband landed and went into the city to buy things, I ran away. I didn't know where to go, but I thought that sleeping in the sand was better than being hit again. Some fairies helped me. They didn't grant wishes, like the stories about the Fair Ones that my mama told me, but they were nice. They gave me food and a warm sleeping place, then they brought me here. They're dead now. Bren helped them die. I miss them sometimes."
"Did your husband ever come here in search of you?" Maeve asked.
"I think so," Elsa said. "I heard him at the door once, late at night, yelling to see me. So loud! I was hiding, but I heard Lord Gavriel talking to him. Gavriel said some strange things in words I didn't know. Arcadian words. Then more yelling and then nothing. Lord Gavriel came back inside with a pretty silver knife, but it was all bloody. He looked very angry, but he promised that my husband would never hurt me again."
"Gavriel killed him?"
Elsa shrugged again and fiddled with the corner of the towel draped over the bowl. "I think so," she said with a shrug. "Now, I really need to get to work."
"I beg your pardon and thank you for your time, Elsa," Maeve apologized. The Mirran smiled and scurried off.
Stray's ancient red sun was setting again. The slanting pillars of light had turned a deep ruby color and were quickly fading as the holes in the cathedral's ceiling went dim. Maeve pulled her wings around her shoulders against the cold creeping into the Nihilist church. She shivered. The stars were beginning to show themselves, remote specks of silver light, through the chinks in the roof. They were pale and far fewer than in the night sky of Axis. Almost like the boundless black skies of her home in Arcadia, so far away from the billions of suns of the galactic core.
What now? Elsa's comment about clothing concerned her. Not because she was worried about the skittish Mirran trying to steal from her, but because Gavriel had forbidden Elsa to wear her gifts. If the Nihilist renounced luxuries like fine clothes, what good was Maeve's deception? Obviously, they had no need for money and probably not for anything Maeve could tempt them with.
She spread her wings and glided to a jagged outcropping of corrugated metal. What was there to spend Alliance color on, anyway? The cathedral seemed to be built of cast off blocks of stone and ship siding. It was rough and unfinished, but the Nihilists didn't seem to care. Why should they? Death was the only thing of importance to them. They could die on the side of the road just as well as in a lavishly appointed citadel. Her faade as a wealthy but morose Arcadian philanthropist would get her nowhere.
Maeve had no intentions of leaving empty handed. If Stray was not a safe world for Kessa, it would take time and effort to find another safe one. The willingness of this new religion to kill was unconvincing, to say the least. The Church of Nihil seemed lackadaisical, focused merely on watching or helping their own fade from being and taking troubles in hand only when they came to the cathedral's doorstep. It was difficult to imagine them as a war party or lynch mob.
But what of their shadowy and eloquent leader, Gavriel? Another part of Elsa's story did not sit well with Maeve. The Mirran said she heard Gavriel speaking Arcadian. Why? Her husband was not an Arcadian and the fairy language was not well known. After a century in the core, even Maeve spoke Arcadian very little. She spoke her native tongue only when the Aver word simply would not do. Or when singing a spell, of course.
Why use a knife at all? Even the machine-honed nanoblades were fairly archaic weapons by coreworld standards. Maeve scowled. Few coreworlders had the proper respect for a close, intimate death! No one, not even the worst criminals, deserved to die by surprise. In fact, those most despicable deserved even more to see their death coming, to know fear and horror that would drag them down into oblivion.
Yes.
So why not a gun? Noise, perhaps? Null-inertia weapons made almost no sound except a small snapping from the ignition of the powder, and a muffled thump of displaced air as the bullet left the gun and the NI field. Laserfire was silent, Maeve recalled, but Alliance law required gun manufacturers to install at least minimal sound generators. Most models, like Logan's Talon, made a high-pitched whine or shriek. Tiberius had told Maeve once that the noise was chosen because for centuries, the ancient literature of the core worlds had propagated the myth of such sounds for laser weaponry.
The generators could be programmed with other sounds, sometimes intended to make the weapon more or less frightening. She had heard gossip of brigands or bounty hunters remodeling their lasers to emit anything from the mew of a kitten to agonized screams. But Gavriel had engaged Elsa's mate in a shouting fight. Clearly, noise was not the issue at stake.
Maeve would have liked to ask Bren about the incident, but she did not want to arouse suspicion. A devout Nihilist would not question death, only celebrate another life passed into unbeing. The princess recalled the scar hidden under Elsa's curly hair and admitted to herself that she was not weeping for the loss of her husband.
The evening was sharp and chilly as Gavriel's purported silver blade. The staggered beat of coughing redoubled. The Nihilists were sick. How many would die tonight, of starvation and illness hastened by the cold? Their icy corpses were the altars of the Nihilist's twisted faith, Maeve thought sourly as she lay down on the cathedral's hard dirt floor. She pulled her wings around her and fell into uneasy sleep.

Chapter 17:
Bare Necessities

"The real beauty in chaos is the opportunity to create order."
- General Cierra, CWAAF 12th fleet (62 PA)

Vyron's hands were bound in steel handcuffs. Coldhand kept his Talon free and powered up, but no longer against Vyron's temple. Such obvious force would attract attention from the gangs and other criminal elements of the lower levels. The Dailon was terrified and did not need reminding that he was one untimely twitch away from death. As they had exited the lift to Level Three, Coldhand finally put the gun away.
The CWAAF testing and collection station was a simple, tidy white building on Level Three made of a sturdy, functional plastic. Wood was a hard-to-grow luxury, available only to the very wealthy of the city-world, and fibersteel was generally reserved for spacecraft. Microwoven steel was durable but flexible, making it uniquely suited to the constantly changing pressures and stresses of interstellar travel. For most cheap buildings, plastic and ceramic sufficed. Low, uniformly shaped marsona bushes skirted the station. To judge by the sparse sprinkling of lavender bell-shaped flowers, Axis' summer was drawing to a close.
Thick doors hissed open at the two men's approach and Coldhand marched his bounty through. There was a brushed aluminum sign just inside with black letters etched into it.

Identity Testing and Bounty Collection Center
CAID #45K93-288D-5VS
Please have your license and identification ready

The reception and waiting area was small and currently empty, with a gray plastic floor scuffed by escape attempts. The center was stamped with the auroch emblem of the CWA. Another set of sliding double doors sat closed at the far end of the room. There were no handles on this side of the entry. They could only be opened from inside.
A fat, bored-looking human sat behind a square window next to the vault-like doors. He wore the dark green uniform of the CWA Armed Forces, which he filled almost to overflowing. The bars on his collar identified him as a first lieutenant and a nametag affixed to his lapel read P. Darson. He looked up from his computer as Coldhand and Vyron entered.
"License, please," Darson said. His voice was rendered hollow by the speaker set into the window.
Vyron stared around the room with wide, frightened black eyes.
"I don't have it," Coldhand replied. It was stowed on the Raptor with the rest of his gear.
The lieutenant sighed and rolled his eyes at the obvious incompetence of any bounty hunter who could not keep track of their license. "Print scan, then."
Darson flipped open a thin door at the bottom of his window and out slid a flat scanner with the outline of a hand on it, the thumb pointing off to the right. Coldhand held up his cybernetic left hand to Darson. Despite the thick window between them, the officer blanched and recoiled.
"Oh." He seemed unable to tear his eyes from the illonium hand, morbidly fascinated. "Oh, my God! We'll have to to take a retinal scan, Coldhand, sir. For the records."
Coldhand heard a few soft beeps as Darson entered an access code into a keypad somewhere out of sight. With a low clank, the heavy doors unlocked and slid open. Vyron whimpered as the Prian hunter grabbed him and shoved him roughly through the doors, into the rest of the collection center. Coldhand propelled Vyron down a short hallway that opened up into a much larger room lined down one side with scanning stalls and a bank of computer terminals on the other.
A pair of Ixthians in green scrubs sat at a table, a tall female and smaller male gossiping over plastic coffee cups. The man's antennae twitched in his white hair and he turned to see Coldhand pushing Vyron into the room. The Ixthian stood quickly, dropping his drink. The cup bounced off the tabletop and fell to the floor, spilling lukewarm coffee in a brown puddle at his feet. The woman gave her counterpart an annoyed look, but then followed his whirling red eyes to Coldhand. She raised her multitude of fingers to her mouth. Darson jogged around the corner after the hunter, his pudgy face quite pink. He skidded to a stop.
"It's Coldhand," he explained unnecessarily. Anyone who worked in an identity center knew Coldhand's name.
Darson approached the pale-haired hunter gingerly, cringing as though expecting a blow. His fingers twitched nervously against the automatic laser pistol holstered under his arm. "I'll scan you in," he said, pointing to one of the booths along the side of the room.
Coldhand nodded. He shoved the cringing Vyron into the arms of the waiting Ixthian technicians. "Get his ID confirmed," he instructed. "I've got verbal only."
They took the Dailon by the arm and pulled him toward a stall. Coldhand turned and followed the CWAAF lieutenant to another one. A collection of scanning equipment, each attached to a central core by folding metal arms, hung from the ceiling like an immense mechanical spider.
Darson hesitantly asked the hunter to sit on a narrow bench jutting from the wall. He pulled down a mechanical arm that terminated in a fist-sized box and lined up a circular lens with Coldhand's icy eyes. Darson pressed a button and a network image of the nerves and blood vessels flashed up onto the screen behind Darson. The computer high-lighted key points and accessed the CWA database, blanked and then brought up a name. Darson turned to look.

Centra, Logan A.

"What the hells? Sorry, Coldhand, sir. I'll get another one," he said, frowning nervously. A cursor blinked at the bottom of the screen.
"Don't bother. It's correct," Coldhand said. He tapped a key on the computer console. The cursor flashed and the screen changed again.

Centra, Logan A.
Known aliases: Coldhand, Logan
Bounty hunter: License class E3 (full exemption)
Species: Human
POB: Prianus, New Empyrean, district C
Age: 26.23 CSYs

"You didn't think my mother named me Coldhand, did you?" he asked without the faintest trace of a smile. The hunter tapped another key and the screen blanked again.
"Class E3?" Darson said. "Full exemption You don't see many of those outside the Alliance forces."
"And you won't tell anyone that you ran across one, certainly not one named Logan Centra," Coldhand suggested in a frosty voice.
The flush drained from the other man's face and his fleshy jowls bobbed as he nodded vigorously. "Yes, of course. I absolutely understand. Discretion. Let me get you the datawork."
Coldhand doubted that he did, but he did not press the officer. Logan Centra was another man, a stupid young police officer back on Prianus that vanished six years ago. His marks knew Coldhand only as a ruthless killer, remorseless and inhuman. Some story floating around the worlds about a one-time cop turned to bounty hunting would undermine his reputation. Police officers respected the laws. They protected people. Coldhand did not.
It was not a part of his life he wanted advertised. Or to think about.
Darson led him out of the scanning booth to the table where the Ixthians had been seated a few minutes before. He motioned for Coldhand to sit and vanished back to his office to retrieve a few forms. There was an indignant yelp from another stall. The privacy curtain was drawn, but behind it, Vyron was objecting to a full-body scan. Advanced though Alliance equipment was, it could not take an accurate image through clothing.
Lieutenant Darson returned a moment later with a slender silver datadex and handed it to Coldhand. "Just the standard forms. Mark identity confirmation and autonomous authority. Uh, these ones here. I need your signature on the last line of each one," he said, and held out a stylus. "In the event that you apprehend or execute a person found to be innocent, you will be held responsible for criminal acts including, but not limited to harassment, assault and unlawful death in the second degree under CWA law."
"This is a privately posted bounty."
"Oh, right," Darson said. He pressed key at the bottom of the datadex. "Then please sign the PP-19 on page seventeen. Both you and the party responsible for posting the bounty will be subject to investigation if the CWAAF receives any complaints."
Coldhand signed his adopted name to the forms and then handed them back. Darson keyed through the screens to check over the datawork, nodded to Coldhand and went to one of the computers on the opposite wall to file it.
A few minutes later, Vyron was led out of the scanning stall. His sleek black hair was disheveled and his angular blue face was contorted by embarrassed fear. The handcuffs had been replaced after dressing. The tall female Ixthian was holding Vyron by the shoulders.
"Are we keeping him?" the male asked from the booth, holding back the curtain with a silver hand.
"No, it's a private bounty," Darson called from where he sat. "Xed, send me the confirmation."
"Sure." There were a few soft tones from the Ixthian's computer. "Got it?"
"Yeah. Thanks."
Xed waved at the lieutenant and hesitated in the doorframe of the scanning stall. He stared at Coldhand for an uncomfortable moment, then stepped back into the booth and let the curtain drop. Darson returned to where Coldhand was waiting.
"The bounty's been transferred to the account we have on file," he told the hunter.
"Good."
The bounty hunter held out his cybernetic hand for the receipt. Darson shuddered and pressed the plastic strip into his metal palm. Coldhand scanned it for a moment, reading, frowned thoughtfully and dropped it into his pocket. He took Vyron by the shoulder as the Ixthian released him and led him out of the building.
The Dailon man had not uttered a word since Coldhand captured him. He stared sullenly at the ground, not meeting the many curious stares of the beings in the streets of Axis, as he was led to a lift and pushed inside. Once the curved doors slid shut and the machinery of the lift whirred to life, Vyron hesitantly lifted his eyes to the bounty hunter's.
"Private bounty? Did I hear that right?" he asked. "Who would pay for me?"
Coldhand could understand why Vyron was the front man for his gang. Even nervous and dispirited, he spoke in a musical tenor and his words were crisp, far more educated than a typical lower level thug. By his accent, Coldhand guessed that he was from Tynerion, one of the older colony worlds of the CWA. Tynerion had a reputation for being a world of great culture, a cradle of art and literature.
"You're wanted in connection with drug trafficking, kidnapping and murder," Coldhand said.
"What?" Vyron shook his head and sagged hopelessly against the wall of the large lift. "Oh, God. I should've guessed. They think I'll break and incriminate the other Steelskins, don't they?"
Coldhand did not answer.
The lift chimed to let the occupants know that they had reached their destination and the doors hissed open. Coldhand and Vyron stepped out onto Level One. It was midmorning and bright light poured over the city from Axis' brilliant white sun. Even during the day, the stars remained visible. There were too many, too close to Axis for the sun's radiance to blot them all out. The pale, cloudless sky blazed with millions of twinkling silver lights.
The lift was clustered together with three others into a clover shape and let out in the center of an expansive plaza. Space was bought at a premium price on Level One, but this was the capitol world of the Alliance and even the public works had enough money to build beautifully. The courtyard was paved in a mosaic of blue, green and white; the colors of the CWA. A fountain rained endlessly glittering water over a brightly enameled Alliance crest. The plaque at the base thanked some local patron who had the money to donate to such a purely aesthetic use of precious space.
Best advertising in the galaxy, Coldhand thought.
A great crown of starscrapers encircled the plaza, majestic spires of ceramic girders and tempered glass. Their points soared up so many hundreds of stories that the summits were lost in the silvery brightness of the sky; monuments to the power of Axis, the center of the galactic Alliance, thrusting up towards the sun and stars with possessive, crystalline grandeur. Whatever masterful minds could afford such grand displays of architecture remained hidden behind the polarized glass.
Pale-paved roads spoked out into the rest of the city, packed with all manner of vehicles, from archaic bearing cars, ironically collected as a status symbol by the wealthy elite of Axis, to wide bulk transports, humming on their NI fields, all pushing bumper to bumper through their daily business. The sidewalks were no less crowded, alive with pedestrians of all races. On this megalithic altar to commerce and progress, personal space was sacrificed as men and women pushed past one another.
Many years accustomed to the dark lower levels of Axis, Vyron's eyes watered in the bright light of Level One. Even Coldhand had to squint a little until his vision adjusted. He prodded his prisoner into motion and they began making their way down the shining, busy streets.
They walked for more than an hour. Corporate starscrapers and manicured business parks gave way to high-rise residential spires and expensive department stores that sold only the best. At least, each boasted so in elegantly designed holographics.
Vyron stared. In stark contrast to the lower levels, everything here was fastidiously clean. Despite the heavy traffic on the streets, even the air was cool and clear. Coldhand knew that it was recycled, cleaned and pumped back into use by massive industrial machinery somewhere in the bowels of the massive city-world. Booming population and development at the dawn of the CWA had choked out the plant life that would naturally have done the job. There wasn't so much as a stray blade of grass or sprout of moss in sight. Nothing that wasn't part of a garden or sculpted topiary.
Vyron fidgeted, trying in vain to find a comfortable way to walk with his hands bound in front of him. The passing denizens of the Axis' upper crust stared in frank curiosity and Vyron could not seem to meet their gaze. Coldhand ignored the looks shot his way with noncommittal bleakness.
The apartment towers faded into the distance. Small private airfields and communications towers that rose into the silver sky like twisted steel trees dominated this part of Level One.
"Where are we going?" Vyron asked at last. "Did someone up here put the bounty on me? Alive only, right?"
"I'm picking up my Raptor. My bird," Coldhand said. He looked at the Dailon, who gave him only a blank stare. "My ship."
"You keep a ship up here?" gasped Vyron. "That's got to be expensive. Does bounty hunting pay that well?"
"Sometimes. The bounty on the woman I'm hunting now is twenty thousand cenmarks dead. Thirty-five if I can take her alive," he replied.
Vyron's eyes bulged. "You could live for ten years on that! What did she do to be worth that much?"
Coldhand just shrugged and offered no comment. He didn't really feel like discussing Cavainna's crimes with the petty gangster. A private party wanted the fairy for sixteen counts of premeditated murder, all verified with the CWA Armed Forces records office. Most of them had been committed before he was even born, but it was not for those crimes that Coldhand hunted her.
Every one of her victims had themselves been wanted beings. Those Maeve killed had been guilty of murders and rapes so terrible that the details were never released to the news networks. Even ANN  the Alliance News Network  the largest and most powerful news agency in the core, lacked the finer bloody points of the acts. Had Cavainna not killed them, Coldhand would have taken each bounty himself. They must have been worth thousands of colour, he thought. But the Arcadian princess had never collected their bounties.
Far more interesting was the final charge on Cavainna's list, all on its own, with no explanation. Since finding the posting a year prior, Coldhand had searched no further and hunted Cavainna without cease. With the exception of Vyron Fethru, he had taken no other bounties. It was not a charge Coldhand had ever seen on a bounty listing before and it was for that final crime that he had taken up the hunt: genocide.
Surely a woman who had committed genocide would provide an interesting hunt. She had to.
After long minutes of silence, broken only by their footsteps and the occasional boom of spacecraft overhead, Vyron cleared his throat.
"So, what am I worth?" he asked.
"Eight hundred cen."
The Dailon looked a little crestfallen. "Then I guess it's not from up here. Anyone who can afford to live on Level One could afford a lot more."
"I'm delivering you to Stray," Coldhand said.
Vyron jerked to a stop. The hunter halted, too, and eyed the sapphire-skinned man with chilly curiosity. A human woman in an exquisitely tailored burgundy suit brushed past, glaring at the men in rushed irritation.
"Wait, what? Stray? No, you can't take me there!" Vyron cried.
"You live on Level Nine, Fethru, and run with a gang known for brutality."
"That's different! Don't you know the kind of people who live out on Stray? I'm not an idiot, Coldhand! They're all renegades of the worst sort out there. God only knows who wants me out there!"
The bounty hunter shrugged and told Vyron to keep walking. It was none of his concern what the man wanted. Vyron turned and plodded forward again. He was clearly upset but arguing with Coldhand was useless.
"So why do you keep your ship up here? It's got to cost a fistful of color. It'd be cheaper a level or two down," Vyron said after a moment. He did not seem terribly interested in hearing the answer, but perhaps talking soothed the Dailon's frayed nerves.
"Level One aerofields take priority for takeoffs and landings. Any bird leaving from a lower level port may have to wait several hours before they can fly, but I can be off the ground in under five minutes. That's worth the extra colour."
Vyron did not speculate about what kind of business might require the Prian to leave planet on such short notice. Not out loud, anyway. He stumbled down the busy sidewalk, looking frequently back over his shoulder at Coldhand. His mouth worked, trying to find another question to fill the silence, to distract him from the frowning beings that passed them along the road, but finding none. Coldhand didn't offer one.
The hunter finally directed Vyron down a side street and up to an arched iron gate. It was set into a gray wall high enough to cramp the neck of the tallest Hadrian. An elegantly austere etched silver plate affixed to the left post of the gate read Haven Field. The wall's shiny surface was an almost impenetrable ceramic layer of armor that covered the entire barrier, painted with a graceful geometric pattern that might convince a casual observer that they looked at something more welcoming than an airfield that bordered on being a fortress.
A panel just below the Haven Field nameplate slid back to reveal a screen. On the other end of the video was a sleek young Lyran woman with glossy white fur and golden eyes. She smiled warmly, if toothily, at them.
"Good afternoon, sirs, and welcome to the Haven Field airbase. My name is Arianna. How can I help you?" she asked. Her voice was pleasant and transmitted with almost no mechanical buzz over expensive fiber optics from wherever she was.
"I'm here to pick up my Raptor," Coldhand said. Arianna tapped a few keys off screen and turned back to the human.
"Mister Coldhand?" she questioned. He nodded. "You have a balance due of two hundred eighty-four point three cenmarks before we can release your vessel."
"I have it," he said.
"Will you be paying the balance in cash?"
"No, the money is in one of my accounts."
"Then please enter your account information, Mister Coldhand, and I'll see about releasing your craft."
At Arianna's command, a glossy black keyboard slid out from under the screen. Coldhand typed in the account number and the keyboard withdrew. The Lyran receptionist looked at her computer again.
"Thank you, sir. Your funds have been verified and your Raptor has been released for takeoff. Will you be requiring any additional assistance?"
"Yes. I'll need some grade five illonium shielding and the use of one of your mechanics for about fifteen minutes."
"The cost will be billed to your account and I'll have a technician report to your hangar immediately. Will that be all, sir?"
"Yes."
"Thank you for your continued patronage, Mister Coldhand. Haven Field looks forward to serving your needs in the future. Safe flying and have a nice day," Arianna said.
The screen went dark and the panel slid back down. With a buzz like the release of a prison cell, the heavy gates unlocked and swung open smoothly on mechanized hinges. Coldhand pushed Vyron ahead and then followed the Dailon through. The gate clanged shut behind them.
______

Vyron stared around his latest prison. Hangars and repair bays were arranged in straight lines that ended at the northern wall, all of similar stark, functional military design. A more corporate building sat in the southeast corner, sided with the polarized glass popular over the rest of Level One. A pair of blastphalt runstrips  both vacant for the moment  dominated the rest of Haven Field. Coldhand took Vyron towards one of the hangars.
The doors were equipped with a massive computerized lock, but true to her word, the Lyran receptionist had released it. The entry was wide open by the time the two men reached the hangar. Inside, taking up less than a quarter of the available space, was the Raptor. Afterward, Vyron certainly would not have said that Coldhand relaxed when he saw his ship, but some of the steely tension seemed to bleed away and his glacial eyes softened infinitesimally.
Raptors were not the most beautiful, fast or deadly fighters in the galaxy, but they were well built and tough. Much like the Prians who made them, some said. It had the standard conical body with long, backswept wings and short tail fins, all covered by a layer of scarred panels of armor. Coldhand's nameless Raptor bristled with weapons: missile launchers slung under the wings, an NI chain gun mounted on the right side of the cockpit and a double-barreled laser in the nose of the stout fighter. Vyron swallowed hard.
There was a sort of thick, elongated pod fitted over each of the Raptor's wings, connected over the ship's body by an arch of fibersteel. They were fitted with additional engines. Long Wings was stenciled on the side in flowing blue script and a serial number underneath the connecting curve: PPFC LWAP 2144-23VA.
Coldhand unlatched the canopy and flipped a switch, powering up the Raptor's computer and beginning a prelaunch diagnostic. The computer chirped at him and began scrolling rapidly through amber text and numbers. Vyron noted with bemusement that amidst the computer, sensor panels and controls, there was barely room in the Raptor for a pilot, much less a passenger.
Another Lyran trotted into the hangar wearing a mechanic's jumpsuit. He waited a polite  and safe  distance away until Coldhand looked up from his computer and gestured him over. The canine man produced a plastic case, filled with small sheets of silver-white illonium.
"Is this what you need, sir?" he asked.
The bounty hunter looked at the metal. "Yes. Now I need you to install it."
The Lyran looked at the Raptor, his whiskers and eyebrows peaked in curiosity. "Grade five isn't used on hulls, sir. Do you have some system repairs to make?"
"It's not for the ship."
Coldhand extended his cybernetic hand. The mechanic inspected the metal and probed the welded joints. "I can fit and fix replacements in about twenty minutes, sir," he said.
"Do it." The blond human looked over to Vyron. "Don't run. This place is completely enclosed. There's nowhere to go."
"I wasn't thinking about it," Vyron said forlornly. It was the truth, but now the idea was lying in his mind like the discarded corpse of hope. He wished Coldhand had said nothing at all.
Just under twenty minutes later, the Lyran mechanic pronounced his task complete. Coldhand flexed his cybernetic fingers and curled them into a fist. A faint mechanical whirring came from the servos. Vyron flinched. Why didn't he get a real hand?
Apparently satisfied, Coldhand dismissed the mechanic and pulled his worn black half-gloves back on. He opened up a small cargo area in the side of the Raptor and pulled out a flight suit of police navy, rolled up around the helmet. It looked heavy in his hands. Vyron guessed that like his cybernetics and his ship, the hunter's suit was armored, meant to keep him alive when someone else wanted to make him otherwise. Unabashedly, Coldhand stripped down to his skin and pulled on the suit. His pale flesh prickled in Axis' artificially brisk air. Vyron could make out scars across his chest, most pale and old, but overlaid with a few fresh, livid ones.
Each of the new stripes was nearly as long as his arm, stretching from shoulder to navel. Whatever had made them was a long weapon, to judge by the straight length of the scars. A sword or dagger would waver on such a long swipe when they hit bone. Probably a spear or something like that. Vyron turned away, sickened as much by his own knowledge of such wounds as by the marks of violence. Coldhand tossed his discarded clothes back into the small cargo hatch.
"Get in," he said, pointing to the Raptor.
"Are you taking me all the way to Stray in this thing? It's just a fighter," Vyron said, even as he obeyed and pulled himself into the tiny seat behind the pilot's chair.
"The Long Wings pods have superluminal engines," Coldhand said, gesturing to the augmentations fitted over his fighter's wings. "They're just as fast as the larger birds. We should be there in four or five days."
"Five days? In this?" Vyron was horrified. Coldhand leaned in as he situated himself and handed him a pair of slender hoses that attached to the side of the cockpit. Vyron stared at the hunter. "You're kidding!"
"Put them in."
"No! You can't be serious," the Dailon objected. He held the catheter and waste tube in his cuffed hands as though they were live snakes.
"I won't have you pissing yourself inside my bird. Either put them in yourself or I will."
Vyron flushed darkly and did as Coldhand instructed. The human pulled himself up into the pilot's seat, affixed another pair of hoses to his blue flight suit and set his helmet on the instrument panel. The Raptor thrummed as he powered up the engines and pulled the fighter out onto the runstrip. He called Axis control, requesting permission to take off. Just as the hunter had described, he was granted authorization almost before he finished asking.
A short thrust down the strip pressed Vyron back into his tiny seat and made it hard to breath. Coldhand pulled back on the control yoke, lifting the Raptor into the sky. Through his blurred vision, Vyron almost thought he saw the bounty hunter smile.

Chapter 18:
Blind Eyes

"No matter who you try to take with you, death will always remain a cold and lonely bed."
- Nomusa Udo, Mirran writer (230 MA)

Orthain sang to Maeve among the slanting golden rays of afternoon light. The younger knight lay with her head pillowed in his lap, her ink-black hair spilling over his thighs. Her silver eyes were closed as she listened to his song. The garden was full of sounds. Orthain's song, an ancient ballad of her family, filled the warm spring air with the subtle orchestra of the Morningfire Court garden. It wove seamlessly with nightingales trilling greetings to one another in the apple tree, the velvety drone of sable and gold bees humming from flower to flower, and the whisper of the salted breeze sweeping in from the sea.
 
"Time lay in its cradle quietly
Once upon a day long ago
Not the song of Erris is heard
Yet voices carried on the wind faintly
 
Laughing spring winds come whispering
To find that Aes lays no longer
In her high, heavenly bower
But in a mortal wing's embrace so loving
 
Two hundred eighty-eight days of light
Will be desired by a Night
If you would dare lay claim to the right
To ask a gift of the White"
 
Orthain brushed a strand of the princess' hair back as the ocean zephyr blew it across her pale cheek. Maeve opened her eyes, a warm flush crawling up into her face. Even after seven years of such gentle caresses from Orthain, her once-teacher, the faintest brush of his fingers still made her burn with desire and flighty, girlish fear. The knight, of course, had pushed the bounds of their new romance no further. He would bide his time, of course. One did not rush the courtship of a princess, after all, even one as far removed from the throne as Maeve Cavainna.
His green eyes sparkled in Aes' bright light and Maeve's heart skipped a fluttering beat. Orthain returned to the song's chorus, the tale of Cavain's birth, his victory over the fiery pyrads and the founding of the White Kingdom.
"You have respected me far more than the promised year, enarri," Maeve said, interrupting the song. "We have shared three Oathsongs. You are well within your rights to make at least one request of me!"
Orthain smiled at her. The beautiful blond knight did not wear his glass armor. They were resting, at love-play in the gardens of Morningfire Court. It was not yet time to attend to business and duty, only to one another. Instead, Orthain dressed only in a flowing skirt of the sunset-colors of Fyre house red and lilac, leaving his chest and feet bare. His wings and long curls of fair hair were damp from bathing, drying slowly in the sun.
"There are only a small number of things I would have from you that we do not already share, Maeve," he replied. "Those few I would never ask. I will wait until you offer them."
Orthain's eyes lingered on the princess. She, too, had shed her armor in favor of a gossamer wrap that scooped under her wings and tied behind her neck. The sheer lavender cloth shimmered like a dragonfly wing. By Arcadian sensibilities, it was quite modest, though all but the most intimate details of her body were visible through the cloth. Maeve blushed under Orthain's scrutiny.
"Will you accompany me to Caith's initiation tomorrow evening?" she asked.
"Of course, enarri," answered Orthain. He politely declined to comment on Maeve's less than masterful change of subject. "It was my urgings that sent him to study at the Ivory Spire instead of taking up Anslin's war-craft. The least I could do is be there to applaud him when he dons the white robes. Besides, your father would never forgive me for missing it! It has been half a century since I was Sir Arlinn's squire, and I still fear the man's spear!"
"What of my mother? Do you fear her reprisals? She does not wield a spear, but she is a woman of power, the beloved sister to the king himself," Maeve countered.
Orthain chuckled. He plucked a small blue flower from a nearby bush and trailed the star-shaped bloom over Maeve's lips. "Princess Beltain is a standard of grace and delicacy the worlds over, enarri. I have faith that she would not raise a finger to me. She is too great and grand a lady for that."
"I see," Maeve smirked. She took the flower from his fingers and tucked it behind one of her pointed ears. "What about me, my enarri? You have such confidence that you can yet best me in a test of wings that you have no fear that I would send your bedraggled remains to the Nameless?"
"None at all," the knight laughed, but sobered quickly.
He sighed softly. Maeve sat up and looked at him. Orthain's fine features were drawn in sadness. He reached for the black-haired girl, brushing his fingers across her cheek. Maeve looked away, regarding a stand of scarlet and lavender foxglove rather than meeting Orthain's eye.
"You will be leaving soon," he said thickly. "When Caith graduates and takes up his duties at the Waygates, you will go with him. I have known since you were my squire that you would leave my side to go with your brother. I remember the love in your eyes when you learned that Caith had been born, before you even saw him."
"All we have done since that day has been in seeking to remain near," she told him. "I love Caith."
Maeve braved turning back to Orthain, but it was his turn to look away. "And I love you, Maeve. You love me, I know, but not as you love your own brother."
"Orthain!"
"I know the truth of it, enarri. There are times when I have wished that I could resow the seeds of time! Had I but held my tongue, you would have had your way and Caith might have become a knight! He would have wounded himself, but I could have comforted you in my arms. Then you would not go." Orthain's emerald eyes returned to her and he smiled, but tears trembled in his lashes. "Then the thought passes. I am glad you are happy, Maeve. You and Caith will be together."
She could think of nothing to say.
Maeve woke with a groan, brushing away the clinging threads of her dreamed memories. The past could never stay quiet, even a century gone. It was no enemy that she could fight or flee.
She unfurled her sweat-sticky wings and arched her back. Her spine cracked in loud protest of a night spent on the ground. By the dim light filtering through the glassless window, Maeve guessed that it was not long after dawn, but it was already swelteringly hot inside the black cathedral.
Perhaps more accustomed to the cloying heat, the rest of the Church of Nihil's congregation still slept. A few others were awake, milling aimlessly about the cathedral. Elsa was up, too, carrying servings of thin porridge on a tray. The Mirran woman offered one of the bowls to Maeve. Though her stomach rumbled, Maeve declined. She needed to think.
Her com was still aboard the Blue Phoenix. It was programmed with the ship's frequency, as well as the crew's personal channels and those of some of her more often frequented chem dealers. If Maeve's fraud was uncovered, she did not think it wise to give the potentially violent Church of Nihil such an easy way to find her co-conspirators, so she had left it behind.
She could not call back to the Phoenix to report her few findings or request help. Maeve looked surreptitiously around at the other Arcadians. She could go back to the ship to ask in person, but she might be followed, even through the air. The princess doubted that she had attracted such attention. Still, she had asked a lot of questions the day before and it was best not to risk it. For the time being, Maeve was on her own.
Bren was also awake, checking on those who lay too still and smiling when he found an old man who would never rise again. Maeve picked her way across the church to stand beside the Nihilist doctor. He smiled at the fairy as she approached and gestured towards the body of the dead man, already stiffening in the morning heat. She had to resist the urge to cover her mouth and nose. In death, the man had messily emptied his bowels and bladder in the dirt. The stinking mud oozed across the cathedral floor.
"All that remains is a husk," Bren said. "Empty and perfect."
Maeve had to disagree. The corpse was dressed in the same robes as everyone else in this place, but in his final convulsions, the man had raised his hands, perhaps in supplication or merely the misfiring of his failing nervous system. His formless black sleeves had fallen back to reveal sores, cold and crusted with blood, and dark veins extending down his forearms. He looked terrible and sickly, a twisted testament to a wasted life. Maeve looked reflexively at her own arms, at the sleeves that covered similar discolorations.
"He is blessed to be beyond pain and sorrows," she said reluctantly.
Bren took her hand and pressed it to the dead human's chest. Maeve's skin crawled and she wanted to shriek in disgust. She tried to slip her hand from Bren's but the doctor held her fast.
"Feel the perfect stillness, like an effigy of cold stone," he told her. The Nihilist was close, his body pressed against hers. He smelled of sweat and something else, heavy and sickeningly sweet that she could just make out over the rancid scent of the body. Something chemical. Bren laced his fingers with hers. "Listen to the perfect silence of death. Have you ever heard anything more beautiful, child?"
A thousand things, Maeve thought. The songs of the nyads as they beckoned men to them from the water's edge. The crystal bells rung at golden dawn. The ballads that Orthain sang to her in the gardens of her home. Caith's laughter when she told him a joke.
But Maeve shook her head at Bren. She gagged on the stench of excrement, felt the Nihilist holding her to him, towering over her and holding her hand to a dead man. But she deserved this, she remembered. The core races believed in a multitude of hells, but not a one of them was deep enough for her sins.
"We are lucky to have such an avid believer with us For however long that may be." Bren stepped back, finally releasing Maeve. The Nihilist's gaze swept over Maeve, looking deeply disappointed at her apparent health. He sketched a mocking little bow, turned and left, continuing about his morning's work. The fairy stood beside the corpse, not knowing what else to do.
Not much later, the rest of the congregation had roused themselves. Most of the Nihilists did not seem any busier than Maeve, simply sitting or laying wherever they had slept the night before. There was a polite cough behind her. The fairy turned and looked up to see Elsa behind her, a bundle of folded cloth in her arms.
"To wind him," the Mirran explained, hefting the fabric and pointing to the body before Maeve.
Elsa found a relatively clean patch of dirt in which to kneel and began her task. She worked with surprising speed and care, winding the corpse in three long sheets that covered him from head to toe. Kneeling on the earthen floor, she was about eye level with Maeve.
"You help me take him out back, yeah?" she asked.
Out back? The Nihilist church was on the very outskirts of Gharib. Maeve did not know that there was anything outside the cathedral but sand. She nodded and took the dead man's cloth-swaddled feet. Elsa grabbed his shoulders and together, the two women dragged the corpse off the stone and to the back of the cathedral. The congregation in the crowded church made way for them, standing aside and watching the tiny mortuary procession pass.
One by one, then in an entire huddled group, the Nihilists followed. Many prayed aloud. Some of the voices were raised in final prayers of the Union of Light, others were murmuring to themselves in other languages, grasping at the forgotten psalms of religions that predated Aver. The Arcadians fell in behind the procession, most on foot, since most of them were too ill or weak to fly, and sang a hymn to the Nameless.
The fairies always sang. Even as the Devourers ripped their wings off and split bone in their fanged maws, the Arcadians sang.
By the time Maeve and Elsa reached the back of the cathedral, about half of the Nihilists, easily numbering in the hundreds, had fallen in behind them. Though most eyes were on the body they carried, Elsa seemed to enjoy the attention. Maeve kept her head bowed behind a curtain of bleached blonde hair, hoping that no one studied her too closely. The Mirran paused, set down her burden and peeled aside a sheet of fibersteel.
If Maeve expected to see a door cunningly concealed behind the metal, she was disappointed. The jagged piece of fibersteel was the door, bolted inelegantly above a roughly rectangular hole in the cathedral wall. Elsa lifted the limp weight of the dead man's shoulders once more and they carried him through. No one else had come forward to take up the burden.
At first, the princess thought that the Nihilist congregation intended to heave the body into the desert dunes that forever lapped at the edge of the city like the waves of a dry, hungry ocean. The ground behind the Church of Nihil was a rocky, flat expanse that must have covered at least an acre. Gavriel must have chosen the stoniest ground in all of Gharib on which to build his ramshackle cathedral, Maeve reflected sourly. Dust had blown up over the rocks, obscuring them from sight. With a start, she realized that they were laid out in ordered rows.
Tombstones.
There had to be five hundred or more, but it was almost impossible to count the close-packed, sandy bulges. Rows of dusty graves stretched off in every direction. The wind whipped up clouds of cinnamon-colored dust, unhindered by the windbreaks surrounding Gharib. Maeve's eyes stung. Each marker was close to its neighbors, barely an arm's span away from the next. The Nihilists must have buried their prolific dead upright to conserve space.
According to Xia, Anthem said the church was not very old, or at least had not been in Gharib for long. Where did so many graves come from in so little time? Surely one or two deaths a night could not have filled such a vast graveyard. Who else lay buried by Nihilist hand in the dry earth? The Sisterhood? Surely not Unless the Sisterhood was far larger on Stray than the vast city-world of Axis, their gang wouldn't have filled more than a corner of the sprawling graveyard. How many, like the Sisterhood and Elsa's husband, were dead in the sand?
The entourage of Nihilists poured out of the church, pushing through the crude door like maggots from a corpse. At Elsa's instruction, they found a tiny plot of unmarked ground and began to dig. None of the Nihilists had shovels or even cruder digging implements. With bare hands, they tore into the loose dust, then the hard-packed, rock-strewn ground beneath. Narrow as the grave was to be, it was not long before they could drop into the hole only one at a time and scrabble in the dirt until his hands were bloody, then be pulled out to make room for the next digger.
Everyone who took a turn in the ground did so with religious zeal. What was this to them? Tearing away at the last bonds of life with fingers bruised and bleeding? Punishment? Worship?
Not to be thought to be lacking in dedication to the Nihilists' endeavors, Maeve squeezed down into the hole. The other death-worshipers had been at their business for hours. The grave was deep enough now for the crumbling lip to rise a foot or two over her bleached-blonde head. The fairy curled her long wings close to her back, but there simply was not enough room. Stones jutting out from the wall of the narrow grave caught at her long feathers, breaking and bending them. The close air stank of blood and sweat.
Time stretched like the spun sugar that Maeve had loved so much as a child. The prayers and songs of those outside of the hole above were muted and echoed in the narrow grave. She could not see the dim red sun as it measured out minutes and hours. Despite the scores of Nihilists less than ten feet away, Maeve felt strangely alone.
She squeezed herself awkwardly into the bottom of the fresh grave. It was close as a coffin, hot and dark. There was not room to dig properly. Bent and hunched as she was, wedged into the pit, Maeve could scrabble at the packed sand at her feet only with the very tips of her fingers. It was back-breaking work. Her hair, her eyes, her mouth were full of choking dust.
Caith had been less fond of candy Perhaps he had liked it as much as his sister, the princess thought as she crouched and dug her fingers into the hard earth, but he had always given up the larger portion to Maeve. She had to dig her fingernails into the ground to pull up even thin handfuls of dry dirt, which she flung up and out of the hole. It was not long before her nails were torn raggedly and blood oozed from beneath them.
Surrounded by the dead, Maeve kept digging. Only thin walls of brittle earth separated her from their empty, staring eyes and slack jaws, open to ask horrid, idiot questions.
What happened?
Why am I so cold on this hot planet?
I can see the sun, but it doesn't shine on me.
Maeve dug faster. Sweat poured from her brow and where her wings were coiled against her back. It dripped down to mix with the thick sludge already forming at the bottom of the hole. Maeve's hands were coated in mud. She swore as the slick stuff slid between her fingers. She could hear the bodies whispering impossibly to her from their graves, breathless voices hanging dead and still in the hot air.
Who are you?
You're alive Warm.
What is one of the living doing down here?
Die. Don't fight. Just die.
She should be down here, too. Eight million other Arcadians lay dead in the broken remains of the White Kingdom. Of the other two fairy races, three times that number had been consumed, eaten raw, like carrion. Every life in the White Kingdom was gutted and torn apart by the Devourers. All dead Maeve hurled fistfuls of salty mud from the grave with wordless, sobbing cries of rage.
Just die.
"Maeve! Enarri, listen to me! You have to get through!"
Orthain was shouting over the whine of laserfire and screams of dying fairies. The Devourers made no sound as they died, or even left bodies. When they fell, brought low by twenty or more times their number in knights, they faded to shadows of shifting black dust within heartbeats and were gone. Like something out of a dream.
Orthain was flying close enough to Maeve that she could feel the brush of his wings against hers. Her lover's fine blond hair was tangled by wind, sweat and blood. His left eye was darkly bruised. Both knights' armor was smeared with gore, some once belonging to Devourers and some to fae, and the glass was webbed with fine cracks. The rainbow of tourney and questing ribbons hanging from their spears were stained red and black by battle.
Maeve and Orthain circled the westernmost Waygate plaza. The mosaic below was laid out in the crimson likeness of a setting sun, but the crowd of frightened Arcadians, all pushing and shoving as they poured through the Waygate in a throng of fearfully flapping white wings. The gate blazed with blue light, flickering like a dying fire. It was failing, mere hours from collapse, Maeve knew.
"Orthain, we cannot maintain this!" she cried. "The gates will fail before we can get everyone out. We must find another way!"
"I know," he shouted back. Maeve could barely hear him over the terrified chaos below. "All the more reason for you to flee now, before the Devourers break through our lines. Those who survive this will need a queen, Maeve! Go with them. Do not throw your life away here in a futile fight! Think of your people. They need you!"
"I am not their queen!"
Orthain wheeled and caught the raven-haired young knight in his free arm, beating his long wings hard to keep them airborne. "You are all that remains, Maeve! The king and all the rest of Cavain's line have fallen, my enarri. Weep later for that sad truth, but know it now! You are no longer simply another knight, but queen of our people!"
There was a low cloud on the horizon, a dangerous stormy black that moved with unnatural speed towards the walls of Arcadia. The Devourers were coming, their exact numbers concealed by the misty blending of their strange, smoky armor. The dirty smear on the plain below was as large as an entire district of the city.
"There is no more time," Orthain said.
Maeve nodded. Her gray eyes brimmed with tears, but they were hard and defiant. Orthain tightened his arm around Maeve and kissed her with tears streaming down his cheeks. "I cannot be a queen to them, but there is yet more I can do. Orthain, we must get to Orindell! I know what to do. I can close the Devourers' Waygate!"
"Maeve, are you certain? You" Orthain objected, screaming into the smoky wind.
"I can do this, Orthain, but not without you!"
"No! I will not let you die, Maeve. Flee now!"
"If I am your queen, then I command this of you!" Maeve shouted.
Orthain paused, beating his long white wings slowly, then nodded his assent. Maeve's heart shattered in her breast. He would die in this act, but there was no other way.

Chapter 19:
Worth of a Stone

"Killing time poisons eternity."
- Arcadian proverb

"Shae?"
For a potentially fatal moment, Maeve did not recognize the false name. Elsa leaned over the rim of the grave and touched her wing.
"Shae, you can stop now! The hole is deep enough."
The princess stood and looked down. Sure enough, her frenzied digging had deepened the grave by almost a foot. How long had she been digging? A slender Arcadian man reached her, helping Maeve scramble up out of the grave. Elsa took the princess' hands, squinting critically at the shallow, bloody scrapes.
The swollen Stray sun was already dipping down towards the eastern horizon. How long had it taken to bury the dead man? It had been morning not so long ago. Maeve frowned at another day almost gone and not enough information to take back to the Blue Phoenix.
"You need cold water and bandages on these or else you'll get infections," Elsa said.
"Is that not a desirable outcome? It would kill me, would it not?"
The taller woman shook her curly green tresses and led Maeve back towards the church. "No, dirt here is full of little tiny bugs. Will make your fingers black and fall off. Plop! But they won't kill you. Bren is busy with other sick people. Come inside now. I'll clean them."
Four large men  three humans and a Lyran with matted calico fur  lifted the cloth-wrapped corpse and lowered it, feet first, into the grave. It thumped and then sagged against the walls. The gathered Nihilists picked up heaping handfuls of dirt and threw them back into the hole, quickly refilling it. The Lyran trotted off into the desert in search of a new headstone.
Grave digging was such a waste of effort, Maeve reflected morosely as she watched. Most of the dirt ended up right where it was to begin with and the body would just crumble into dust to make up for the rest. Gods, why did anyone even bother? Elsa gestured for the princess to follow and Maeve turned away.
Back inside the church, Elsa sat Maeve down on a bench made up of cracked gray siltstone propped up on a pair of stout cargo canisters. The other Nihilists gave her as wide a berth as they could, perhaps respectful for her recent endeavors, or perhaps just trying to evade the stink of the dead man still clinging to her. Elsa left for a few minutes and then returned with a cup of water, some precious cubes of ice floating in it and a strip of clean cloth. Elsa wetted the fabric in the chilly water and dabbed at Maeve's fingers.
"Why do you not use hot water?" she asked.
A knight's training involved a little field medicine, not much more than splinting broken bones and patching up wounded wings. Maeve seemed to recall Orthain telling her to use water as hot as possible to wash out open wounds, preferably steeped with willow bark for the pain and starkroot to help clean out any potential infections.
"Not for things that grow in the ground here," Elsa said. She fanned herself somewhat theatrically with her hand and smiled at the fairy. "Bugs on Stray like the heat, yeah? They stay warm at night in the ground because the cold kills them."
Maeve was not a doctor. She accepted Elsa's explanation with a shrug. It seemed reasonable enough. It was hard to reconcile the woman who daubed her injured fingers and seemed to speak so openly to Maeve with the silent creature who had left her only the day before in Bren's care. Despite the foreboding church that had become her home, Elsa was a gentle and fragile thing, as quick to trust as to fear. Her thoughtless devotion to Gavriel seemed a waste.
She deserved better. Elsa's open innocence had cost her dearly. Maeve remembered the terrible scar hidden by the Mirran's dirty jade hair. Only the most foul, honorless beings took advantage of such simple purity to further their own ends. It was a pity there were so many of them. Maeve was helpless to return Elsa's smile.
"The Church of Nihil keeps an extensive graveyard. I confess to being rather shocked," she said. "I am humbled by the sheer number of those in this sacred place."
Maeve worried that she might have overdone the saccharine servility just a bit, but Elsa was bobbling her head in agreement.
"Yes, there are many, many in the ground here," she replied. "I've buried many myself, yeah? Some die here at night, some die from being sick, some die from fighting."
"Fighting? Like Gavriel's battle with your husband?"
"Yeah."
"Do the police of Gharib do nothing?"
"No," said Elsa. "Lord Gavriel says they're just another problem. They're scared and lazy and don't clean up the city, so we have to do it."
"Cleansing the city?" Maeve said. "Were any of those hunted by the Nihilists of the Sisterhood?"
"Sisterhood?" Elsa looked at the fairy blankly.
"Were they all women? They would have worn armbands marked by an elongated red triangle, symbol of their faith."
Elsa was still confused. Maeve traced the shape on her arm with a finger, the mark she had seen back on Level Nine of Axis.
The Mirran woman nodded at last. "Yes, that was their sign."
"When did this happen?"
"When I first came to Stray. So two or three or five years, yeah?"
So the Nihilists had gone after the Sisterhood. The Sisters fought back and lost. How did one fight against those who had no fear of pain or death? Battling these Nihilists would be like warring against a legion of Logan Coldhands. A chilly shiver worked its way down Maeve's spine. The story was probably much the same all over Stray. Anthem had told Xia that the Sisterhood was gone from all of the major cities.
"How many of the Sisters did Gavriel have killed?" asked Maeve.
"Not many. There weren't a lot. Maybe twenty?"
Not nearly enough to fill the graveyard behind the black cathedral. Unhindered by lazy and corrupt police, Gavriel and his Nihilists had killed hundreds more. Gavriel had no qualms about killing anyone and everyone. This world was not safe for Kessa and her child. Even if the Nihilists believed the Sisterhood extinct on their world and did not hunt them any longer, the slightest perceived transgression against the Church of Nihil would put her in mortal danger. These people worshipped death in all its forms
"Thank you, Elsa," Maeve said. "You have helped me more than you can know."
She took the Mirran's hands in hers and squeezed gently. Elsa gave her a grateful  if slightly confused  smile, then gathered up the water and unused bandages. She hurried off to find other tasks in service to the Church of Nihil.
Two days of work had paid off and Maeve finally had her answer. The Church of Nihil was a twisted cult, too dangerous to Kessa. Maeve looked up through chinks in the cathedral ceiling. She wanted to return to the Blue Phoenix and report the news to Tiberius. They would begin the search again.
The sky had darkened and the air was rapidly cooling to a dangerous, icy cold that made Maeve think of Logan. She would slip out once full night had fallen, she decided, while the Nihilists slept, and return to her ship.
______

Xartasia had condescended to walk beside Gavriel instead of spreading her snowy wings and flying back to the Gharib cathedral. She wore her cloak and veil once again. For some reason that she had never shared with the Nihilist leader, Xartasia refrained from ever uncovering her long raven hair in public. She walked gracefully beside him, floating like cotton-down on a breeze. One of her perfect white hands rested delicately on Gavriel's arm. He was walking slowly and could not support much of the fairy's diminutive weight. The years had robbed him of so much! How had such a powerful man become so frail?
Gavriel had covered himself, too, layered in the robes of his order with the hood pulled up. His age-withered body could not withstand the cold of the desert night. Xartasia leaned close to the old man, deceptively intimate for the benefit of the few who still roamed the streets at such a late hour.
"You must learn greater patience," she told him softy. Her voice was gentle, but most creatures in the galaxy would have wept uncontrollably at the soft reproach in her words.
"I'm an old man, princess. I don't have time to be patient anymore," Gavriel said with stiff disgust in his rich voice. "I'm not really interested in keeping my enemies alive. I want them dead. I want everyone dead."
"Death holds a place of high honor and divine purpose for both of us, old friend, but there are moments in which life can better serve our needs. If you seek the end, then you must learn when to kill and when to stay your hand, Gavriel. You ought not to have slain those men so quickly, for we might have been able to make use of them."
"I don't need anything from anyone, Xartasia."
The Arcadian princess laughed. It was a lovely, chiming sound like a delicate crystal bell. It made every other being within earshot, no matter how discreet their evening task, turn and stare at the radiant white beauty. Many turned quickly away once more, muttering about the be-damned seductions of the interloping fairies, but most silently despaired when her laugh fell silent.
"Do not be foolish, Gavriel. You have for many years needed me. I was your teacher not so long ago"
"And I paid my respects for a full year, just as your foolish traditions demanded, Princess Xartasia. You've given me no charity. What I had, I earned. You are here because you still have an undischarged debt to me! I've taught those crafts to students of my own since those days," Gavriel snarled, his words hot with fury that she would make light of the matter.
Xartasia dismissed his objection with an airy flip of her soft wings. "You have taught but one, my old friend, and that boy was not a student. He was an accident. He learned from you only because he was a part of your charms. That boy felt every spell you had to pour through him," she said. Her intense violet eyes caught Gavriel's sunken gaze. They burned with a nearly palpable flame. "He felt everything you did and finally learned how to wield your spells for himself. We were short sighted to use a living vessel. You very nearly lost everything when the boy ran away. What was the child's name? The human names all sound alike."
"Duaal Sinnay."
He peered at her suspiciously. So little of her face showed that he could not read her expression, and her twilight eyes were always mysterious. Of course, even if she were standing naked before him, Gavriel was not at all certain he could discern the winged woman's mind. For a princess of her people, Xartasia seemed to have many enemies and hid herself well from them.
"If I was as stupid to use a living tool as you claim, then why are you chiding me for not keeping those streetwalking trash alive?" he asked.
"I am chastising you only for killing them too soon," Xartasia reminded him. She might have been smiling behind her white veil; it was impossible to tell. No expression reached her violet eyes. They burned with an unknowable passion that was hers alone. "There are ways to retrieve the power you lost when that Sinnay child left you, Gavriel. But taking it will require the dedication of time and effort."
"What're you babbling about, princess?" Gavriel asked. "Speak plain."
Her tone was clipped, annoyed, but Gavriel didn't care. The damnable fairy spoke better Aver than most university professors, yet she persisted in that annoying, circuitous manner that Arcadians so loved.
"Taking your power from one place, even such a wellspring of energies as Duaal, is inherently weaker," Xartasia said. "Do not raise a tower on a field when the foundation was poured elsewhere. You must hold your power within yourself, else it will be taken from you once again. I will teach you to take what you need."
They were nearing the black cathedral. The quiet marketplace was behind them and even the scant shops and homes at the edge of Gharib were becoming fewer and far between. Against the darkness of the night sky, the deeper blackness of the cathedral rose just ahead, reaching up towards the stars like a skeletal hand.
Xartasia seemed about to say more, but she stared instead up into the sky. Gavriel followed her gaze just in time to see a white-winged shape soaring overhead, away from the Church of Nihil. He squinted at what had to be an Arcadian. There was no bird on Stray with a wingspan like that.
Why was Xartasia staring so? There were Arcadians without number on the dustball planet. She looked after the departing shadow long after the night had swallowed even the faintest trace of white feathers.
"Eru nai'i Shae" she murmured. When she turned back to Gavriel, she was smiling. He could see it in her sparkling eyes. Her fingers tightened again on his frail arm. She continued on as though there had been no interruption. "Patience. Remember the worth of a stone."
"A boulder will wait millennia without complaint until the landslide comes, sweeping it down the mountainside to crush all in its wake," Gavriel replied, nodding. Decades ago, he had told the Arcadian princess that story himself, a parable of his own gray homeworld. "Damn it, princess. All right. Show me what to do and I will have the patience to do it."
They walked in silence as Xartasia gathered her thoughts.
Bren roused himself from his sleeping pad beside the door when Gavriel and Xartasia entered the rough-built cathedral. He bowed deeply to the pair.
"Are you thirsty, Holy One?" Bren asked.
Gavriel nodded, but Xartasia was carefully removing her white veil and was paying no attention to the glassy-eyed Nihilist doctor. She eyed the slumbering shapes scattered around the cathedral, but none of them approached. Most of the others in the church slept fitfully in the cold, ragged blankets pulled up around them as they shivered. A few remained awake, but there were no lamps lit and they did not realize that one of the deep shadows near the door was the cathedral's master, returned early from his task across the planet.
Bren called for Elsa to bring them something to drink. She brought three glasses of water, balanced on a chipped tray. Bren handed one each to Gavriel and Xartasia, then took the last for himself. The Mirran woman bowed and retreated into the darkness.
"What brings you back to us so soon, my lord?" Bren asked Gavriel.
"Have any other Arcadians come to the cathedral in the time we have been gone?" Xartasia interrupted.
Bren jumped, startled at the sudden attention from the striking fairy woman. He thought for a moment before answering. "Yes, Lady Xartasia. Twelve have joined us in the past two days."
"Did any of them wear black hair?"
Bren blinked, confused by the question and clearly afraid to tell Xartasia anything she did not want to hear. "No, my lady. All were as blonde. Except for you, of course, Lady Xartasia."
"Are you certain of that?" she asked in a deceptively light, casual voice.
"Yes, Lady Xartasia." Bren answered her strange question uncertainly.
Gavriel knew from long experience with that voice that there was deadly importance in her question, but did not know what it was.
______

Elsa crouched in the darkness. Her head was cocked, listening. Lady Xartasia was a new arrival to the Church of Nihil, but was second only to Lord Gavriel in authority. Still, she did not quite trust the pretty Arcadian. Most of the fairies Elsa had met were sad. It made her sad, too, but nothing she did or said ever seemed to help. But Lady Xartasia wasn't sad. She was angry. She burned cold rage and standing too close made Elsa feel singed.
Even Lord Gavriel had been different since the Arcadian had arrived. Elsa had always been frightened of him, but at least he ignored her. He had given her freedom from her husband, but that did nothing to make her less frightened of the intense, mighty old man. She loved him  all of the Nihilists did  but figured it was better if she admired him from far, far away. Lord Gavriel had big plans, she knew.
When Lady Xartasia looked at her, there was something frightening in those purple eyes. It was a sort of dismissal, casual and thoughtless, as though Elsa was some small, disgusting thing on a floor she was scrubbing. Something that, while annoying and inconvenient, was easily overlooked because it would soon be gone. Not that Lady Xartasia would ever clean a floor! Just thinking of it made Elsa giggle. She put her hands over her mouth to keep quiet. Not that she was doing anything bad, not really. No one had ever expressly forbidden her to listen to church business, but it was probably better if Lord Gavriel and Lady Xartasia didn't know.
The scary fairy woman must have been asking about the new girl, Shae, who had come in yesterday morning. Elsa remembered that her hair was not as golden as the other fairies. Some of the parts closest to her head were still black, as though Shae had been in a hurry coloring her hair yellow. Sometimes, back on her husband's ship, she had done that, too. He had not liked her green hair and threatened to cut her whole head off if she didn't get rid of it!
Elsa did not know why Lady Xartasia was looking for Shae, but it was a bad idea to make the great lady wait. It would be best if Shae went to her now instead of waiting until morning. Elsa tiptoed through the cold, restless darkness to where the new fairy had lain down for the night. She would wake up Shae and tell her to go introduce herself to Lady Xartasia.
But when Elsa reached Shae's flat slab of gray siltstone, it was empty. The Mirran searched for a little while around the church, wondering if Shae had moved. There was no sign of her anywhere. Elsa contemplated telling Lady Xartasia, but she didn't want to make the fairy princess mad.
Instead, Elsa slipped off quietly to get some sleep. Shae seemed smart. She would know what to do when Xartasia finally found her, yeah?

Chapter 20:
Aerie

"After seeing the worlds and all their blessings and gifts, I can only say that I love Prianus all the more for what we have given ourselves."
- Marcus Vera, Prian Consul (35 PA)

There was little in the way of conversation in the Raptor. The speed shift turned each star into a streak of dazzling rainbow, scattered spars of color with violet tips tapering off into invisible spectra. Vyron did not seem inclined to strike up conversation with Coldhand. The Dailon man spent most of the four-day journey staring out of the canopy as he gnawed miserably at the tasteless nutrition rations that his captor provided.
When he was tired or simply too bored to stay awake, Vyron slept. He shifted uncomfortably as he slumbered, sitting upright in the small, cramped seat in the back of the Raptor's cockpit. By the third day, all sense of night and day were erased by days of star-striped monotony. Vyron's neat black braid had long since come undone and with no external ears to tuck the loose strands behind, his hair hung over his face as he slept.
Now he was asleep again, leaning his azure forehead against the inside of the encircling canopy and leaving Coldhand alone with his thoughts. Memories, really, that so often came unbidden in the blackness, either behind closed eyes or between the stars. Waking or sleeping, they would not leave him alone.
"Sorry I'm late, dove," he said, kissing Jess on the head as he came into the room.
Her light hair was still damp from the shower and smelled of her favorite shampoo. Jess sat in a worn armchair that dominated an entire corner of their tiny apartment in her short red robe. Their copy of The Still Wind with the cracked binding lay open in her lap. She frowned at Logan with mock seriousness, but her eyes sparkled mischievously in the lamplight.
"Comes with the territory," Jess sighed theatrically.
She stood, closing the book and setting it aside, and put her arms around his waist. Logan had not taken the time to change out of his police uniform. His badge reflected the light from its scratched, worn surface. He brushed the fingers of his left hand, still warm flesh in those days, over it reverently.
"Prianus needs us, dove," Logan said. "Illius died yesterday, did you know? We all have to take turns covering his beat."
"Not that territory, hawk. Being engaged to a musician," Jess corrected. She pointed at the guitar case her lover carried in his right hand. Logan blushed and tried unsuccessfully to hide the long case behind his back. "The best musician in New Empyrean has its burdens, too. You stayed late playing, didn't you?"
"A little," he confessed. "They wanted to hear Bristler's Call again. It was Illius' favorite. Reginald made me play it three times before he'd let me go."
Jess grinned at Logan and kissed him soundly, letting her hands roam over parts of him that made the young police officer blush even harder. "I don't know if I believe you, my hawk. I don't think you even know Stickler's Call"
"Bristler's," he corrected mildly.
"so I better make sure that's what you were really doing. For all I know, you might have been picking up on some tail that thinks getting her talons into a police officer will get her some prestige at the next dance. Play it for me."
"You never believe me," Logan chuckled as he sat down in the chair Jess had vacated. He pulled the guitar case open. She curled up at his feet, resting her cheek against his knee as he laid the guitar across his lap and began to strum softly. She smiled as he sang.
 
"Caught in the lowlands in the dry season
Flying on fire's wings
Found what I'm looking for
For years scoffed, I searched beyond reason
 
The aerie, in stone's clasp
After climbing for days a score
Gambling for my quest a life, a love, a treason
Searching under sea's shadow
At long last, to seek never more
 
On his mountain, Bristler waited with unblinking eye
Waited until, by wind's tempest
I came to the old one's claim
'For a summer, I have searched,' cried I
 
'To find through soul's desire
'A sire to match my true-blood dame'"
 
Logan didn't even get through the second verse before Jess was pulling the guitar out of his hands. She yanked him to his feet and toward the bedroom, nimble fingers already working at the fastenings of his uniform. Logan fell into her ready embrace, returning her youthful passion in kind.
Vyron was mumbling unhappily in his sleep, his eyes screwed tightly shut. Coldhand ignored him until the nightmare that pursued Vyron seemed to catch him. The Dailon cried out, thrashing and kicking hard to escape. The bounty hunter easily ducked a flailing fist and Vyron's sleep-weakened blow bounced harmlessly off of the pilot's chair.
"Fethru, wake up. You're just dreaming," he said, loud enough to wake the other man, but not angrily. Coldhand cared nothing for his mark's comfort or peace of mind, but neither did he bear the Dailon any particular malice for disrupting the quiet journey. He was a prisoner. A certain level of disquiet was to be expected.
Vyron woke with a start, cracking his head against the rear wall of the cockpit. "And now I'm having a nightmare," he groaned. Vyron rubbed his aching head and looked around the Raptor with bemusement. "I'm dying of thirst."
Coldhand wordlessly tossed a sealed packet of tepid water into Vyron's lap. The Dailon thanked him and tore the corner off the envelope. He sucked down the contents gratefully and then handed the empty package back to Coldhand, who pushed it into a small waste receptacle.
"Do you ever have nightmares?" Vyron asked after a moment.
"No," Coldhand lied.
"I do. I dreamed that I was back with the Sisters. A lot of the other guys I know just laughed at me when I told them about what those women did to me. Of course, they said that it didn't sound so bad, that it must've been like a vacation to one of the entertainment districts but I didn't have to pay."
"You're male. You were bound to be mistreated."
Vyron shuddered and combed trembling blue fingers through his hair. He pushed the sweaty locks out of his eyes and blinked. "It was horrible. It made me feel so dirty, you know? No, I guess you don't. No one would ever try to rape you. I mean, what would be the point? They wouldn't get anything out of it and you'd just kill them for trying."
Coldhand thought back to the Level Seven alleyway, pressed up against the dirty walls with Cavainna pointing his own gun at him. It seemed so long ago, but only a few weeks had passed. It had not been a true rape, but it would not have mattered if it were. Maeve would not have been able to arouse even a fearful reaction from him. No man or woman had been able to stir his interest since Jess, when he had still been Logan Centra.
His first bounty after leaving Prianus had been an Ixthian surgeon with the unsavory habit of taking things out of his patients while they were under anesthesia. Bringing the man down had earned Coldhand enough color to visit the entertainment districts of Level Three. A few high-marked chips of color had bought him two women for the entire night. Less than an hour after his purchase, the exotically striped Mirran had stormed out in frustration at Coldhand's lack of response. She had kept his money in her plastihide purse as she stalked out of the rented room, he remembered.
Coldhand had been certain that the second woman would be able to seduce him. She had been a stunning Arcadian woman  bought significantly cheaper than the human prostitute  with golden hair that fell in perfect ringlets nearly to her waist and wide green eyes that reminded him of Jess. Logan had been so sure that her long, silky white wings would catch his Prian fancy. He never asked the fairy her name, but she had tried all night to please him, never complaining at unresponsiveness. She even sang a few bedroom charms in a sweet voice, but nothing could rouse Coldhand's unfeeling body. At dawn, the Arcadian departed, leaving the bounty hunter lying naked on a cheap bed, staring at the ceiling and wondering why he could not even feel ashamed of his failure.
Twenty percent.
"Whoever you're taking me to must be better than the Sisterhood was. It makes me feel a little better, but not by much. I wouldn't go back to the Sisters for anything, even if they would protect me from whoever is waiting for me on Stray." He paused looking out at the elongated stars. "I guess that's not true, really," he added, voice softening a little.
"Why?"
"It was horrible, don't get me wrong, but I guess I did get one thing out of the hells with the Sisterhood. When I was with them, I met this girl. I don't know what she was doing running with the Sisters. She was pretty, very gentle and very kind. I don't think I would have survived without her, and I don't just mean the food and water she brought me. She was the only thing that reminded me that men and women could touch each other without violence or violation. I wonder what happened to her sometimes."
"You don't know?" Coldhand asked with sterile curiosity.
"No," Vyron said, shaking his head and immediately regretting it. Artificial gravity played havoc with the equilibrium of those unaccustomed to it. He looked nauseous, but swallowed and went on. "The Steelskins broke me out of the warehouse where the Sisterhood had been holding me. I really wanted to bring her with me, but it wasn't a good idea. My gang didn't really have anything more to offer her than she already had and there was a damned good chance she would've been shot or stabbed for being from a rival gang. I wanted her to be safe. But I really miss her sometimes. I hope she's all right."
Coldhand said nothing.
______

In the hold of the Blue Phoenix, Duaal paced. It was the middle of the night, but no one on the Blue Phoenix slept. Tiberius sat in the corner, atop an empty cargo canister and stared up at the hydroponic garden suspended from the ceiling with a stunned, vacant expression. Gripper was not far away, hanging from one of the planters and distractedly munching on a red-skinned somato. Another moaning shriek echoed from deeper inside the ship, making the Arboran flinch. Red juice dripped down his rough-boned, brutal-looking face and he looked like he might faint.
Why now? Kessa wasn't supposed to go into labor for at least another three days, not until whatever hunter finally found Maeve's bounty had returned Vyron to her and the fairy had come back to make her report. Duaal seethed silently. He would have ferreted out the secrets of the Church of Nihil by now, returning triumphant to tell Tiberius that Stray was a perfectly safe place for Kessa and her burgeoning family. The Arcadian princess had probably forgotten what she was even supposed to do, passed out in a dusty alleyway from one drug or another.
The charms dangling from the hem of Duaal's gold and black vest chimed as he turned and paced back across the cargo hold. Over dinner, the Dailon girl's face had gone a pale sky blue as her water broke. The menfolk panicked, of course, overturning chairs and nearly the table in their terrified haste to give Kessa space. Tiberius had been even more bloodless than Kessa, looking frightened for the first time since Duaal had met him four years go. With an effort, Xia restored order, ordering the men to wait in the hold while she led Kessa to the medical bay. Duaal did not have to be told twice.
That had been at least five hours ago. Tiberius still had not said a word, but Gripper said enough for them all. He jumped at every feminine wail from the medical bay, wringing his claws  huge enough to crush a human skull to splinters  like a fretting grandmother.
"Do you think everything's all right?"
"Xia told us to stay out of her way," said Duaal. "And we're going to do just that."
"I know, I know But what if Silver needs help? Maybe I should go ask. I mean, she doesn't have anyone to send out here to fetch us, right? I should go help her."
"Xia will call us if something happens and she needs us," the mage reminded him.
"Oh, right."
Gripper seemed far more worried about Xia than he was about the Dailon actually giving birth. Duaal didn't wonder at that. Gripper was not skilled at subtlety. His crush on the Ixthian doctor was no secret aboard the Blue Phoenix. The only one who had never seemed to notice was Xia herself.
Interspecies romances were not expressly forbidden, but they were scarce among her race. The Ixthians prized genetic purity and pursued it with racial zeal. They could not successfully breed with any of the other species of the galaxy and couplings that could not produce offspring were generally regarded as a waste of time. As a result, Ixthians were largely unconcerned with the mating rituals of other races and ignored romantic overtures by anyone with less than six fingers on each hand. It was bad luck that Gripper was falling for Xia, Duaal thought. He was bound to get his heart broken.
The Arboran engineer swung to the next planter on his long arms. He looked down at Tiberius and opened his mouth to ask a question, but a tone from the airlock interrupted him. All three men jumped as the seal indicator cycled and the door hissed open. Duaal chanted up some elemental lightning between his fingers. What if it was Coldhand? They were expecting a bounty hunter, after all. Duaal would prove his effectiveness against him
He was disappointed to see Maeve plodding wearily through the door. She looked around the hold and blinked her gray eyes in surprise at finding everyone awake and apparently waiting for her. She was alive, but looked like hells. The Arcadian's bleached hair was even filthier than usual, despite being washed only days ago and her expensive gown was stained darkly. Her eyes had dark rings underneath them and she looked like she could be sick at any moment. The airlock slid shut behind her and sealed. Duaal waved away the crackling lightning and put his hand over his nose and mouth. Maeve reeked of something unclean.
"By God, did you come back through a sewer?" he asked.
Tiberius was on his feet, striding in a few long steps to Maeve. The fairy ignored Duaal's question and strangely saluted the captain; a half-bow as she swept her right wing across her chest and touched the feathered crest to her other shoulder.
"Report," Tiberius ordered.
"This world is unsafe," she replied promptly in a crisp voice. "The Church of Nihil is zealous and murderous."
"Damn it. Are you sure?"
Tiberius seemed far more comfortable now, with something to do that befitted a retired police officer rather than a midwife. There was another cry from the medical bay. Maeve's head snapped in the direction of the sound.
"What is happening?" she asked.
"Kessa's gone into labour," Tiberius said.
"Silver is with her. She told everyone to stay out here," Gripper was saying, but Maeve was already in the air. She ignored the stairs entirely as she vaulted up onto the catwalk that led to the rest of the ship. The Arcadian vanished down the hall towards the medical bay.
Duaal leaned against the wall, crossing his arms. It was hot in his brocade and velvet  the cold Stray nighttime air was safely on the other side of the airlock  but what else was new? Nothing. He was uncomfortable and Maeve was taking off on her own personal errand while he sat idle. Tiberius looked frustrated and Duaal could not blame him. He should have made the mage first mate of the ship, not Maeve.
"She should have finished her report," he commented. "She might have misinterpreted something. She could be wrong."
"I trust Maeve's judgment," Tiberius said. He paused then added: "On this."
Gripper dropped to the floor with a resounding clang. "Yeah. Smoke has her problems not that she ever talks about them, really, though that's beside the point but she doesn't let them interfere with work. You know, most of the time"
"Have you already forgotten that she brought Kessa in the first place? And when she did, she dragged Coldhand along for the ride!" Duaal protested.
"I haven't forgotten," Tiberius said stonily. "Do you think we should have left Kessa to the Sisterhood? Left her child fatherless?"
"Well, no. Of course not, but"
"Maeve made the right choice bringing her here. Coldhand followed and that wasn't her fault. He wouldn't have let her leave him behind without a fight and that would have put Kessa at risk. Maeve may have made some questionable choices in the past and she is at least as unpredictable as the rest of this crew, but I have never regretted making her my first mate."
How could Tiberius actually defend the little harlot? Even if he was right about Kessa  which Duaal inwardly admitted he probably was  did that excuse Maeve's past sins? The Blue Phoenix had to flee a salvage operation in the Hadra system only weeks before because Maeve's pet bounty hunter had found them again. Before that, a shipment to Jormaan was days late because they had to detour into a nebula to shake Coldhand.
Aside from the many dangers of being constantly chased by a hunter, Maeve was often too drunk or low to perform her duties on the ship. She barely bothered to show up to meals on time, much less report for duty to Tiberius in the mornings. Duaal balled his fists at his side, so tight his brown knuckles were turning a bloodless white. The fairy was the worst thing ever to happen to the Blue Phoenix and second to the worst in his entire life!
"But" Duaal's eyes stung, but he refused to cry. He was a man now, not a frightened little boy to run away and hide when he was hurt. "She's horrible, Tiberius! She's dangerous and doesn't do anything right!"
"Are you questioning me?" Tiberius rumbled ominously.
"No, sir," Duaal mumbled.
He wanted the old Prian to kick the despot Arcadian off the ship, but he would not be a child about this. He would be better than she was. He would not throw a temper tantrum and he would not cry. Duaal stood in the corner and sulked.
"Still, it'd have been nice of Smoke to tell us the rest of the story before she took off. I guess we could follow her and pry the rest of the story out of her," Gripper said hopefully.
Another loud moan echoed through the bay. The men looked at each other.
"It can wait," Tiberius said.
Gripper whimpered.

Chapter 21:
Release

"Love is the strangest alchemy. Even the most leaden heart it can make light as air."
- Xie, Ixthian chemist (856 MA)

It was just as well that she didn't keep strong pain medications stocked in the Phoenix's medical bay, Xia thought. The baby was coming early and Kessa screamed with the effort. The Ixthian doctor was well aware of her own soft heart; if she kept any chemicals more potent than the large bottle of capsules that Tiberius frequently pilfered, she would probably have given them to the moaning girl hours ago. They were not good for the baby, but it was hard to watch Kessa suffer.
She was propped up on the examination table, her borrowed denims and blouse replaced by a pale green surgical sheet and her legs braced open. For now, the sheet simply preserved Kessa's modesty, but Xia feared that she would have to use the sheet for its original purpose if the child did not come soon. She had not performed a surgical birth in years, not since her intern days. She held Kessa's sweaty hand in her smooth silver one and mopped the Dailon's blue brow with a sponge.
"Push," Xia urged.
"I can't! It hurts!" Kessa wailed. She flopped back on the table. "Oh, God. It's too soon. I'm not ready! I can't do it, Xia."
Xia let go of Kessa's hand and dropped the sponge into a tray of cold water. With both hands free, she levered her groaning patient back into a half-sitting position. She rubbed Kessa's bare back encouragingly.
"It'll all be over soon," she said in what she hoped was a soothing voice. "We'll have Vyron back to you soon, too. He's going to be so proud of you, Kessa. You've borne his child. Imagine how he's going to smile."
"Vyron didn't know! What if he's angry?"
"He won't be, dear," Xia said. What man would not be thrilled to learn his genetics had been propagated? "Now push! This child won't be born on its own. He needs your help."
"He? Is it a boy?" Kessa gasped.
"Sure as God made stars," Xia told her. "You did the right thing running from the Sisterhood. This little fellow wouldn't have been safe with them."
The other woman smiled weakly. "I did something right. Just once."
Xia had not thought to close the door behind her after all but carrying Kessa to the medical bay. Through the open hatchway, she heard footsteps rapidly approaching. Xia drew one of the light laser pistols from her hip, weapons left over from her days on the pirate ship Caitiff. Xia had not stopped wearing them since Coldhand's incarceration on board the Blue Phoenix. Kessa still leaned heavily against her and she needed at least one hand to hold the girl up. The Dailon woman had heard the footsteps, too, and was holding breathlessly still.
"Breathe, girl!" Xia hissed. Depriving the baby of oxygen would only put him in further danger. Her eyes whirled an angry, fearful red. "I'll take care of you. You just breathe and push."
Xia very nearly shot Maeve as the fairy ran through the door. Xia barely recognized the princess. Duaal had told her about the blonde hair, but she had no idea the change would be so drastic. Kessa let out an explosive breath and sobbed with relief. Maeve did not even seem to notice the weapon drawn on her. She dropped to one knee at Kessa's side with her head bowed and took the girl's sapphire hand in her tiny white ones. Xia watched the strange scene, stunned. She had never seen Maeve act like this.
"I humbly beg your permission to be present at this sacred moment," Maeve said. Oddly, she sounded as though she meant it. If Kessa refused, Xia had little doubt that the Arcadian would actually leave without another word.
Kessa hesitated, probably thinking back to the horrible things Maeve had said to her. But she smiled and nodded.
"Of course. If it weren't for you, I would still be back on Axis with the Sisterhood. I I'm really glad you're here."
"You're going to have to clean up first, Maeve," Xia said. She wrinkled her nose at the smell the fairy carried in with her and her dirty clothing. It was unsanitary. "I won't have you dragging infections in here."
Maeve looked as though she would have liked to argue with both women, but she nodded curtly. She rose, already stepping out of her ruined dress, wadding it up and shoving it down a disposal chute. Maeve strode out the door, presumably to the showers. Kessa stared, wide-eyed and startled at the Arcadian's immodesty. Xia only chuckled, long since accustomed to it.
She put her gun away in the holster at her hip. So Maeve wanted to help? That was a first. But it seemed to soothe Kessa, so how could Xia refuse? Finally, something was going smoothly.
______

The Raptor dropped out of superluminal flight at the edge of the Bannon system, just outside the orbit of the fourteenth planet. The blue-white little ball of ice was on the near side of the system's aged sun, represented by a green sphere of glowing lines on the navigational computer's screen.
Coldhand had flipped a pair of switches to engage the sublight engines. Alerted by the change in the SL drive humming through the hull from the Long Wings, Vyron stirred from his sleep as the higher-pitched Raptor engines fired. He blinked his almond-shaped black eyes and yawned.
"So this is it," he said. The Dailon's voice was still raspy and thick from slumber. "Stray system."
"Bannon system," Coldhand told him. "Stray is just the third planet."
"Great. Bannon, Stray whatever. It's all a graveyard to me. God, I don't want to die yet!" Vyron leaned forward, his handcuffs clinking. He was looking at the navigation computer readout. "Third planet? We're still a ways off, then. Maybe I can pray for a comet to smash into us or something."
"Unlikely."
Vyron looked up from the display at Coldhand. The blond human was not watching him. His mismatched hands were on the yoke of the fighter as he guided the Raptor past the outermost planetary orbit of the Bannon system. Maybe Vyron could use the hand-cuffs to choke Coldhand out and fly away to whatever world he wished. He sighed and sat back, slumping in the cramped confines of the cockpit. There was no way he was going to be able to fight a famed bounty hunter like his captor. The Prian had made short work of the other Steelskins back on Axis. The single glance Vyron had stolen over his shoulder as he had bolted from the scene  a snapshot of carnage  had haunted his dreams.
A twitch. That's all it would take for Coldhand to kill him. He had gotten half of his bounty, after all. If Vyron tried anything, the hunter might well just kill him and just forget the rest. Even if, by some unlikely God-given chance, he somehow incapacitated the Raptor's pilot, Vyron would only condemn himself to a slow death, suffocating when the air ran out. He had no idea how to fly a ship. It was all pointless speculation, anyway. He could not escape Coldhand; no one ever had. It was impossible.
"So, how long until we land?" Vyron asked.
"A few hours."
"Where on that dirtball am I going? Are you dropping me in a city or just the middle of the desert so whoever it is that wants me can kill me away from prying eyes?"
"I'm delivering you to Gharib."
There was a subtle edge to Coldhand's voice at that. If Vyron had been Lyran, his ears would have visibly pricked, but his black Dailon eyes only widened nervously. What was going on? Was Coldhand actually annoyed about something?
"What's wrong with Gharib? Is that a city or what?"
The bounty hunter said nothing, leaving his prisoner to worry. The two men flew on in silence.
Vyron was not sure how long he had been staring out the canopy at a tiny speck of orange. It radiated no light, but was distinctly visible. It had to be close. A planet. Other than the icy outer planet of the Bannon system, none of the worlds had been visible, hurtling around their orbits far out of sight. It was growing rapidly larger as the Raptor approached. The planet was not actually the amber color it had first appeared. On closer inspection, it was a uniform sandy yellow. Even the red light of the sun could not disguise the dismal, drab beige of the planet. It could only be Stray, Vyron thought gloomily.
What an ugly little place to end my ugly little life.
They were approaching rapidly, the planet filling the canopy. Coldhand adjusted his grip on the controls and skimmed the fighter a few miles above the thin film of atmosphere wrapped around the planet. The ground below darkened to a chocolate color, then into black as the hunter circled to the night side of Stray. He pulled up another map on the navigational computer and verified his coordinates. Coldhand swiped another few switches, firing the reverse thrusters to slow the fighter. Entering the atmosphere at the speeds needed to travel in the solar system would rip his ship apart.
A green light blinked on, accompanied by an insistent chirp. Coldhand pressed a few buttons and a previously blank monitor lit up. It displayed the staticky image of a frowning Ixthian woman surrounded by instrument panels much like those in the Raptor, but far more modern and expensive-looking. She had to be young, not long into maturity. Her face was still rounded and had a distinctive white sheen to it, not yet having assumed the sharp features and darker silver-gray skin tone of older Ixthians. Despite her apparent youth, one of her short antennae was gone, leaving only a puckered scar above her right eye. The other pale stalk thrust up through long white hair pulled tightly back away from her face.
"Coldhand?" Her voice was firm and ringing. Whether she was asking a question or just confirming his identity was not clear. "I've got my guns trained on your ship. Power down and prepare to hand over Fethru."
"What? Who is that?" Vyron cried.
Apparently the Ixthian heard him. "My name is Xoe. I'm a bounty hunter, too. You've probably heard the name," she said.
"No," Coldhand replied.
She looked a little crestfallen. "I'm taking Fethru from you, Coldhand." Xoe's multi-faceted eyes were a determined aqua.
"Why? I've already collected half the bounty. He's only worth four hundred. Hardly worth dying for."
"Half the bounty for less than half the work. Four hundred cen will keep me going for weeks. Well worth fighting for, I think," Xoe said with a smirk. Vyron knew that over-confident smile. He practiced it in the mirror every morning.
"A few weeks?" Coldhand asked flatly. "Four hundred cenmarks should be enough to keep a bird in the air for months."
"I must be used to a more lavish lifestyle than you, Coldhand. It comes with success, I suppose."
For which she hardly seemed to qualify, Vyron thought. He had worked the streets of Axis long enough to recognize the verbal swagger of someone just trying to make a name for herself. He had watched the other Steelskins do that often enough. Pick a fight with some other street tough that already had a reputation. If you can win, suddenly have one of your own. Xoe had probably cut off her antenna herself to put forth the impression of a battle-hardened veteran.
Great, I'm in the middle of two bounty hunters' pissing match.
Coldhand looked away from the Ixthian huntress and tapped at the keyboard of another panel. Sensors, Vyron guessed, when a grid of the nearby planet came up. It was too dark in Stray's shadow for him to see anything, but the Raptor's sensors were not so impaired. Coldhand highlighted a blip on the screen and the view magnified, showing a sleek, top-of-the-line fighter with hooked wings that bristled with all of the latest weaponry. Coldhand glanced at a list of figures and abbreviations that scrolled up on the screen beside the image.
"A Starstalker, model C. Expensive," he said. "Your registry is still out of Narsus Shipyards."
Xoe flushed. "It's new. I haven't had a chance to change it yet. But you should be worrying about the missiles I've got trained on you, not reading my data."
Vyron almost leaned into Coldhand as he stared at the nearly incomprehensible jumble of instruments. She had to be bluffing. His captor's entire demeanor was coolly uncaring, casually dismissive. Surely even Coldhand would be panicking  or at least mildly worried  if some hotshot hopeful had a weapons lock on the Raptor. The human brought up another screen, replacing the scan of Xoe's ship. It was alive with blinking red warnings. Vyron stared in horror.
"God, she's serious?" he gasped.
Coldhand was ignoring Vyron entirely, but the Ixthian was still listening.
"Very," Xoe said. "Hand over Fethru or hand over your life. I'll burn you out of the sky, Coldhand."
The ultimatum sounded like something out of a bad show. Had the circumstances been less dire, Vyron would have laughed. He wondered how she would turn in the bounty if she shot the Raptor down and killed both pilot and passenger, but the color was probably secondary to making a name for herself. If she could kill Coldhand, or at least bloody his nose, she would certainly have that.
The hunter turned back to Xoe. His eyes were like ice. Vyron was glad that look was not leveled at him. "Are you threatening my bird?" he asked frostily.
Anyone can threaten your mark, Vyron thought wildly, but not your ship. Did that mean that Coldhand was going to give him to Xoe? He felt like a color chip, traded from hand to hand at a whim, with no control over his own fate. At least he was a high mark one, expensive enough to buy off her missile locks. Vyron was worth a career move for the Ixthian huntress, if only because of the infamous hunter who had caught him first. But what was he worth to Coldhand?
Probably not much.
______

Xia did not waste time on exasperated guesses on how and when Maeve had gotten her hands on a set of her scrubs. They were thin, disposable and the same antiseptic green as the surgical sheet draped across Kessa. It was tied above her wings, leaving her entire back immodestly exposed. The pants were so loose that they threatened to fall off the fairy's narrow hips at any moment. Maeve had picked up and mastered the skills of a thief some time in the century since her homeworld's fall. Xia did not want to reflect on her friend's less savory pastimes.
Maeve's currently blonde hair was damp from the shower, her skin scrubbed pink. Xia was surprised. The Arcadian almost never worried about her personal hygiene. Xia had expected Maeve to wash her hands, maybe her face. Two showers in as many days were practically unheard of.
The fairy stood at the head of the examination table, her hands clasped with Kessa's. The Dailon was clinging to her with the iron grip of someone drowning. Her short, raggedly gasping breaths did nothing to dispel the illusion.
"Pain is only a messenger," Maeve said in a soothing tone that Xia had never heard from her before. "It is only your body reminding your spirit that something of great importance is happening. Let the pain rise through you, scream its message, but then let it pass. Let it finish its task so that we may move on with ours."
Xia wished that the fairy would not encourage Kessa to scream. Her ears already ached. But when Kessa did cry out, her nails biting hard enough into Maeve's hand to draw tiny crescents of blood, there was release in the scream. Kessa sagged against the winged woman, panting, but some of the tightness had drained from her face. If it helped, Xia could not find it in herself to fault Maeve's methods.
"Push, Kessa," Xia reminded the girl.
The Dailon girl nodded, gritted her teeth and obeyed. She wailed again. She was still in pain. Maeve bowed her head close to hers and sang softly.
"Aes eru nai'i illitha vernae isha,
Cerra nai esha arae ilvae loe,
Shie'i junno sen."
The short song seemed to cut away whatever cord bound Kessa to her pain. She relaxed visibly and stared down between her legs with an expression of wonderment.
"There's so much blood," Kessa said. There was worry in her voice, but no pain.
"You have toiled to create a child. Carrying life to your baby has been the task of your blood for months now," Maeve told her. "But now it is time for him to live beside you, instead of within. You are in no danger, Kessa. This dance is sacred and natural, and you pass through with grace. Xia will preserve you and your baby."
Xia could hardly believe she was hearing Maeve offer anything but caustic commentary, but she didn't have time to wonder about it. "Push, Kessa. I can see his head. It won't be much longer now. Push!"
Kessa pushed.
______

Coldhand cut the transmission. Vyron caught a glimpse of rage on Xoe's face before the screen went black. The bounty hunter ran his cybernetic fingers over a row of switches. Each one clacked loudly as he toggled them up and the panel lit up with blinking red indicators. He reached up and grabbed a brightly painted handle marked LWAP Release, yanking down hard. The entire Raptor shuddered. Vyron's stomach rose into his throat.
"What are you doing?" he choked.
For a horrible moment, Vyron wondered if the label on the lever somehow meant that it would release him into space for the other bounty hunter to pick up at her leisure. It was impossible, of course, but the realization did little to dispel his fear.
Coldhand was paying no attention to his prisoner. His eyes were fixed on half a dozen displays, each flashing between readouts in urgent-looking red and orange. Vyron craned his neck to look around and got his answer. The Long Wings engine pod had detached, a rapidly dwindling saddle-shaped silhouette against the stars. Coldhand flicked a toggle next to the release handle and a green light flared next to it. Vyron could just make out a matching emerald spark on the Long Wings; a transponder to find the pod again when this was all over.
In the emptiness of space, there was no sound as Xoe's fighter descended on the Raptor. Vyron was staring back at the Long Wings when the silver ship, shaped like some kind of deadly deep-seas predator, eclipsed the view. He barely had time to suck in a breath for a startled gasp before Coldhand slammed the Raptor into motion. The air came wheezing right back out of his chest, unused. The artificial gravity, localized in the flooring of the Raptor, lessened the sickening sense of motion, but the inertia of his own mass hurled Vyron back into his small seat. Coldhand shot the fighter forward, skimming the nebulous haze of Stray's outer atmosphere. Behind them, Xoe responded almost too slowly, vanishing momentarily from sight. She gunned her engines once and hurtled after the Raptor.
Coldhand was pulling back on the controls with a feather light touch, firing reverse thrusters so gently that they barely glowed. He was subtly slowing, letting her catch up. Xoe swooped in on the Prian fighter's tail, taking the bait. But the Prian's cybernetic hand slipped and jerked too hard. The Raptor rolled dizzyingly in response. With his lips pressed together into a tight, bloodless line, Coldhand wrestled his ship back under control. He flipped the Raptor onto its back, abruptly reversing directions. For a hammering heartbeat, Vyron could stare through the canopy of the Raptor and into Starstalker as it slipped past. The Ixthian huntress was staring back, her eyes an angry ruby as she struggled with her controls, fighting to react.
She wasn't fast enough. Coldhand fired the maneuvering jets again, dropping in on Xoe's tail. He flipped up the cover atop the control stick on his right and depressed the circular red button underneath. Molten light bloomed from the nose of the Raptor as the twin-barreled lasers fired, scoring deep black burns along the Starstalker's shiny hull. One of Xoe's tail engines sparked and went dark. The silver fighter dipped towards Stray, wavered and recovered. She wheeled the Starstalker sharply, zigzagging wildly as she tried to shake Coldhand. He tightened his cybernetic hand on the yoke and matched her move for frenzied move.
Vyron groaned and closed his eyes, fighting the urge to vomit all over the cockpit. The press of a body's own inertia was hard on all races  one of many reasons for the great popularity of NI fields  but when the generators were in use, a single bullet or meteor was capable of tearing a ship to pieces. They were simply infeasible for use inside a solar system or in combat.
How was Coldhand keeping his protein paste lunch down? Xoe was probably in better shape. The Ixthians' insect heritage did not quite give them an exoskeleton, but silvery skin that was reinforced with a rigid protein mesh. The same stiff fibers ran through their entire bodies, strengthening organs and blood vessels, making the Ixthians more resilient fighter pilots than any other race, capable of executing maneuvers that would cause hemorrhaging in humans, Lyrans or Dailons.
When Vyron cracked open his eyes, Xoe had stopped fishtailing wildly. Her Starstalker climbed out, away from Stray. Coldhand was still close behind her. He fired a volley of the Raptor's missiles. The four long bullet-shapes spiraled towards the other fighter, their stabilized acylium propellant freezing instantly in the vacuum and leaving an icy vapor trail in their wake.
Xoe pulled her Starstalker up, nosing at a sharp right angle that would have been impossible in atmosphere, but the missiles stayed on her tail. She fired off a spray of flares from small bays on either side of the darkened engine that Coldhand had shot out moments before. They erupted into yellow and white light, then balls of crimson and orange fire as the missiles homed in on the decoys and impacted. With no fuel to consume, the flames vanished as quickly as they had kindled.
Coldhand was already moving in again. He had lagged momentarily back in anticipation of his missiles explosive radius, but now he fired the Raptor's engines to close in on the Ixthian huntress' tail once again. Xoe was ready, armed with the best and most expensive armaments offered by the exclusive Narsus Shipyards.
The flare bays closed, but an under-wing carrier opened, dropping a scattering of hemispherical metallic objects. Coldhand grunted and pulled back on the control yoke. The hunter's blond hair was plastered to his forehead with sweat and the knuckles of his right hand were bloodless and pale. He shot up and over most of them, but one of the things clipped the Raptor's wing. Watching in horrified fascination, Vyron saw it flash with sickly green light. It was a mine, he realized, and cringed as he waited for the explosion.
It never came. The light died silently, though the Raptor shuddered around him. Vyron looked over Coldhand's shoulder. The controls flickered, went black, then flared back to life. Xoe's weapon must have been an electromagnetic mine, designed to take out an enemy's electrical systems. The pulse should have shut down everything in the Raptor.
"Good God, do you have a phenno system?" Vyron gasped. The black market protein coating  favored by pirates and smugglers the galaxy over  was the only thing he knew of that could protect against an EM pulse, but it was very expensive and illegal.
Coldhand focused, not bothering to answer the Dailon's question. Xoe's Starstalker was far enough away to fire her engines, spin and charge back towards them, sharp needle-nose first. No longer forced to use her few rear-mounted defenses, Xoe's superior weaponry gave her a clear advantage over the worn old Raptor. Like badges and uniforms, the Prian police fighters were passed down from one officer to the next in a long and honored tradition. Coldhand tried to get back onto the Ixthian's tail, but had to jerk out of the way to avoid a heavy scatter of laserfire from the Starstalker.
He spun the Raptor at the same time Xoe came around for another pass. She was firing again, but it was not the glowing red of laser. Coldhand consulted his instruments in a split second. He gripped the controls with his cybernetic hand, tensed to swerve out of the way, but seemed to reconsider. Instead, the human bounty hunter turned his tail to Starstalker. Coldhand was stiff and still, waiting. A short cannon fired a mute pulse of dim green light that seemed almost to ooze into the Raptor's hull. Another EMP, much like those carried by Axis police vessels.
Once again, the Raptor's phenno-protected controls guttered and then surged, but Coldhand made no move to evade Xoe's next move. Vyron watched in stunned horror as he swiftly powered down the Prian fighter. Vyron felt sick again, not from the push and pull of fighter combat, but with defeat.
"What are you doing? She's going to get us!" he shouted.
"Shove up," Coldhand panted.
Sure enough, the Raptor shook as Xoe launched a pair of grappling harpoons, attached by long metal cables back to her ship. The spars buried themselves deeply in the fighter's illonium plating and began to pull them in towards the Starstalker.
"Do something!" Vyron screeched in terror.
Coldhand powered the Raptor back to life and gunned the engines. The harpoons squealed and grated in the hull, but did not release. With the Starstalker in tow, the Raptor ship leapt forward, racing into motion. Xoe fought against him, but with only one remaining engine, could not match the Raptor's pull. Coldhand scanned the black void until he found what he needed. He was dragging her towards a patch of faint stars.
Not stars, Vyron realized, but something much closer: Xoe's EMP mines, the one that had failed to disable the Raptor. As they closed, the mines flared with a flash of jade-colored light. Coldhand turned his fighter, slicing between most of them. One or two bounced off of the illonium shielding, making the cockpit displays waver. Towed by her own cables, Xoe slammed full into the minefield. The Starstalker's fashionable silver hull sizzled and sparked with green light, then the whole thing went dark.
Coldhand regained control of the Raptor, reversed to create a little slack in the harpoon cables and turned. A pair of laser bolts sheered through the tethers and left Xoe spinning slowly, helplessly alone among the spent remains of her mines. Coldhand wheeled the Raptor back toward Stray and resumed his journey.
"How did you know that she wouldn't be able to fly right through those mines? Just like you did?" Vyron asked, shaky but curious.
Coldhand pushed his damp hair out of his eyes and ran a diagnostic to gauge the damage done to his ship in the fight. "Just as Xoe said, that Starstalker is brand new. If she'd ever stopped at a shop for phenno, she would have changed the registry."
"Oh," said Vyron. He guessed it made sense, but seemed like a long leap. It was not much more than a hunch and Coldhand had risked both of their lives on it. Still, they were alive. How long would Xoe remain the same way? "Are you just going to leave her out there?"
"Yes."
"Will someone come up from Stray to find her?"
"Probably not."
"But she'll die! She'll run out of food or water or air! Or she'll burn down in the atmosphere!"
Vyron did not care for the huntress, but he did not really want her to die. She was just trying to make a living, like he had been back on Axis. In the pilot's chair, Coldhand shrugged, unconcerned.
"No one is going to cry themselves to sleep over a dead bounty hunter," was all he said.
Coldhand doubled back to retrieve his Long Wings. Vyron sat back and wondered if he was really better off with Coldhand than he would have been with Xoe. The bounty hunter was a monster. Inhuman.
______

Kessa collapsed back into Maeve's arms, pale and sweating, and Xia lifted the wet, crying baby for her to see. The new mother smiled and sobbed as she reached out to hold her child. Xia swiftly cut and tied his umbilicus, then deposited the baby boy into Kessa's waiting arms. She and Maeve were nearly as bloody and sweaty as Kessa, but both women wore satisfied smiles. Xia pulled the Arcadian into a corner of the medical bay as Kessa and her son fell almost instantly asleep together.
"Thank you for the help, Maeve," she said. "What was that song you sang? It seemed to take away the pain."
"It was a simple battlefield charm that Orthain taught me when I was a squire."
"Magic, hm? I won't even ask how that works, then," Xia replied with a quiet chuckle. "I'd never understand."
Maeve gave her a strange look. "You are a doctor. It functions merely to stimulate the production of endorphins. There are charms to deaden the nerves entirely, but they are beyond my skill. I was a knight and taught only the rudiments of science."
"What?" Xia asked, blinking. The fairy's explanation seemed so ordinary. There were thousands of medications that did exactly the same thing. "I thought it was just magic. You just chant a spell and it just happens."
"What the core worlds have termed magic is only another manner in which to manipulate forces and matter. The laws of the universe cannot be broken by any science," Maeve said simply.
Xia shook her head. She did not understand. Both women fell silent, letting Kessa sleep in peace.

Chapter 22:
Reunions

"I love not the earth less, but the skies more."
- Prian proverb

Dawn was smoldering on the western horizon by the time Xia finally told the men that they could emerge from the hold and come see the new baby. Gripper stirred from sleep when he heard the Ixthian doctor's voice on the intercom. He followed Tiberius and Duaal up the stairs and back through the close corridors to the medical bay, groggy but grinning.
Kessa was propped up on pillows and covered with a warm, fluffy blanket scavenged from Xia's quarters. Xia was always trying to help, Gripper thought proudly. The Dailon looked tired but happy and cradled a wrapped bundle in her arms. Xia and Maeve stood protectively to either side of the new mother. Tiberius hung back by the door, looking uncertain, and Duaal remained near his captain, but the big Arboran knuckle-walked carefully closer. Swaddled in the cloth was a tiny cerulean-skinned baby with huge, curious black eyes and a shock of startling un-Dailon white hair.
Xia caught his look. "His hair will darken in a few weeks," she explained.
He was so tiny, Gripper marveled. No larger than one of his own fingers! "What's his name?" he asked Kessa.
She blushed and caressed her son's blue cheek with a tired, trembling finger. "I'd like to name him Baliend if it's okay," she confessed shyly. "It means fire bird in old Dailois. After this ship."
Tears shone in Xia's faceted white eyes. Gripper's eyes were tearing up and he sniffled. Even Duaal  well-groomed and self-respecting Duaal  was giddy and grinning proudly. Tiberius was looking rather red in the face, but he smiled and nodded to Kessa. Even Maeve, who never, ever looked happy, was pleased! Kessa beamed and hugged her infant son to her.
"My little Baliend," she crooned to the baby. He cooed in reply, reaching for his mother with short, chubby blue arms.
"I think it's a great name," Gripper said, wiping his eyes with his huge claws. "You think his dad will like it, too? If he does, he's got good taste!"
Kessa laughed.
______

When Coldhand put the Raptor down on a dusty landing pad, Gharib was stirring to life after the long, cold desert night. The bounty hunter popped the canopy, climbed out and stripped off his flight suit.
"Get out," he told Vyron as he swiftly pulled on his pants and buckled his gun belt.
Still handcuffed, the Dailon took longer to clamber out of the Raptor. Coldhand did not offer to help.
"Where are the ones who want me? I didn't hear you call anyone," asked Vyron.
Without an answer, Coldhand motioned for him to follow. Vyron sighed and did so with shoulders hopelessly slumped. The hunter led him north through the landing crescent, past other fighters, small cargo haulers.
Coldhand paused momentarily as he led his mark to regard an extravagant silver ship painted with swooping red and gold designs. It was another Narsus model, far larger and even more expensive than Xoe's Starstalker. Oslain'ii was painted onto the yacht's shiny flank. In the year chasing Maeve, Coldhand had managed to pick up a little of the Arcadian language.
Vengeance.
Despite a certain curiosity, he did not linger. A fairy with enough money to buy any ship  much less one so expensive  was unheard of. Maybe the Oslain'ii belonged to someone who was simply enamored with the fallen White Kingdom, but Coldhand doubted it. The Arcadians were generally viewed as vermin, frail and sickly things that swarmed uninvited into the core worlds. It was a mystery, but not one interesting enough to stop Coldhand from finishing today's business.
In the stifling heat, Vyron had ignorantly opened his shirt to the waist in a vain attempt to cool himself. The sun would burn the Dailon's exposed blue skin within the hour. Coldhand made his way to an empty landing pad not far from the lovely Oslain'ii. As he neared, the hunter reached for his Talon-9. Vyron jumped back, holding his cuffed hands up.
"Wait, no! I didn't do anything!" he cried, eyeing the laser warily.
"This isn't for you."
Coldhand pulled the pistol free and carried it at the ready, the safety off and his finger on the trigger. He circled the dusty square of blastphalt, his glacial blue eyes frequently flickering up to the sky.
Satisfied that the landing pad was safe, he reholstered his Talon-9. Coldhand knelt and touched his fingers to the blastphalt. It was already warm under Stray's fat red sun. The landing pad had been empty for a while. Without a ship to shade it, the pad was just as hot as the surrounding ground. Vyron watched him curiously, but he seemed to have finally given up on asking questions.
Coldhand stood. "I'll need to find a computer, one connected to the mainstream. They've moved their ship."
He took Vyron by the shoulder and propelled him back out into the street. A veiled Hadrian man in the white garb of a Union priest averted his filmed eyes from hunter and mark as he passed.
"What're you talking about? The ones who want me? I thought you were supposed to call them. Is this where they said to deliver me?"
"No."
______

Xartasia seemed preoccupied. Gavriel rested his tired body on one of very few chairs in the black cathedral. It was a high-backed mahogany seat that had doubtlessly been expensive many years ago, but was now so grooved, splintered and worn that it had been thrown out. The beautiful black-haired princess paced restlessly.
At least it looked like pacing. Xartasia flew from one wall to the other, perching delicately on a piece of jagged stone jutting from the church wall, peering about with her violet eyes and then fluttered to another perch. In years of association with the Arcadian, first as her student and then as an ally, Gavriel had never seen her so agitated.
"Princess, get down here," he snapped. Even aged and angry, his rich voice was smooth as cream.
Xartasia turned, her eyes bright and almost feverish. She said nothing and soared down from her most recent roost on silent white wings. She bowed gracefully to Gavriel and knelt. "You are lord of this house and so I will pay to you the proper respects, my old friend."
"Tell me what I need to reclaim the power Duaal took from me."
The Nihilists were waking, but maintained a respectful distance from their master and his guest. Two more had died during the night: a human woman in the prime of her life who had gladly declined blankets and let the cold night kill her and an Arcadian man who looked young, but was probably at least twice the age of the dead woman. A mottled red and black infection had finally spread to some vital organ and finally taken the fairy's life.
Gavriel watched his followers lift up the corpses and begin the near daily ritual of burial, singing hymns of praise and gratitude. Xartasia was watching as well, some unreadable, unknowable rage blazing in her glorious twilight eyes. They waited in silence until the two bodies were carried away.
"You will find that which you seek in the mind unmade," Xartasia said at last.
"Damned riddle. Very well. Unmade? That's why you want me to use the dying, isn't it? When the brain is coming apart and unraveling."
Xartasia nodded and smiled, her perfect white teeth flashing in the pale morning light. She took Gavriel's liver-spotted hands.
"Very good," Xartasia said as though to a child. She stroked his papery skin. "There shall be a death. But what you require is the blooming of a new mind, like the boy Duaal when you began your work through him."
"A child."
"Yes, Gavriel, a child. As fresh from the womb as can be had, a mind unformed and malleable as fire-called glass. From such a beginning can you reforge all that you have lost. Bring me such a baby and I shall show you what must be done. When our task is completed, you shall have what you seek. You shall regain the power you lost when the boy fled."
Gavriel stood, towering over the slender, black-haired Arcadian princess, who remained kneeling. He clenched his withered hands into fists. "It will take work. I've forbidden my congregation to breed. There is no greater sin than creating life here. But one will be found. Bren!"
The doctor appeared instantly when his master called. "Yes, Holiness? How may I serve?" he asked.
Gavriel told him. Bren bowed again and hurried off with bright, feverish zeal burning in his eyes.
______

Late that afternoon, Tiberius leaned against the railing of the catwalk that ran high across the cargo hold. Orphia was perched on his arm, preening her fading feathers. Below, Gripper and Xia had drawn a pair of semicircles onto the floor in chalk for a game of pounceball.
They had tried to coax their crewmates into the game. Duaal stiffly declined, Maeve just stared blankly and no one had even tried to invite Tiberius. The game was not made for one-on-one competition, to judge by the frequent breaks in play for spirited bouts of friendly argument between the medic and engineer.
At the foot of the stairs, Kessa leaned on Maeve's arm, cradling tiny Baliend against her breast and watching the game. Maeve had not left the Dailon mother's side since the birth and still had not given a full report on the Church of Nihil. The small Arcadian used her spear as a stave to keep upright under Kessa's weight. Maeve had changed into a short, thin dress of shimmering sunset orange, belted at the waist with a sash of pale gold. No one seemed inclined to press Maeve for uncomfortable details of her time with the Nihilists. They knew what they needed to. As soon as Vyron was delivered, they would move on to find Kessa and her new family a safe home. But until then, all they could do was wait.
The pounceball game seemed to be an even pairing. Gripper's superior size and reach were undermined by his tendency to stumble and blush any time Xia  stripped down to shorts and a sleeveless top that exposed a great deal of silvery skin  drew close. The score, kept with tic marks around the edge of their respective circles, was nine to five in the Ixthian's favor.
At the insistence of the two athletes, the cargo door was closed against the hot Gharib afternoon. Gripper and Xia had stopped to argue again, the latter defending her tenth and winning goal. She was punctuating her points with wild sweeps of her long-fingered hands while the Arboran tried not to stutter his responses. Kessa giggled at the wild exchange.
Tiberius watched his crew. He was too old and too damned tired from decades of dedication to the Prian police to play silly games, but he had to admit that it was good to see them unwind. The Blue Phoenix crew had been on edge ever since Kessa's arrival. They were hands on a cargo ship, not heroes from one of Gripper's holographics.
Once someone finally caught Vyron and showed up with Kessa's mate, they would be moving again. It was not going to be easy. Tiberius did not even know where to look next. Let them rest for now.
He stroked Orphia. She nipped his fingers and Tiberius rapped her on the beak. The hawk stared at him with gleaming black eyes, then flipped her wings and decided that it wasn't worth the effort to draw her master's blood.
There was muffled laughter behind Tiberius. The captain turned to see Duaal standing in the hatchway, leaning out just far enough to watch the squabbling game below but not be seen himself. He was giggling boyishly at the silly argument. Duaal felt Tiberius' gaze on him and looked up, sobering instantly. The young Hyzaari turned on his booted heel to leave.
Duaal was always so unhappy, Tiberius mourned privately. He was just a boy, far too young to have picked up the worries of an old hawk like Tiberius. He should have been down in the hold, playing games and flirting. But then, life had been hard on Duaal even before the mage had stowed away on Tiberius' newly salvaged ship.
"Please, don't hurt me," the boy sobbed, words almost unrecognizable through his tears. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I won't hurt anyone. I won't, I swear!"
Tiberius held the scrawny boy up by the scruff of his neck, staring in horror. He was just a child, and a half-starved one at that. The little thing didn't look capable of strangling a stonemouse, much less harming the huge, battle scarred Prian cop. Retired cop, Tiberius reminded himself.
"What're you doing on my bird?" he demanded, tightening his grip on the child. No matter how skinny and weak he seemed to be, it was no reason to let his guard down.
"Hiding," the boy whimpered. "Please don't send me back to Gavriel! I don't want to do it anymore. No more singing! Please!"
A loud clang interrupted Tiberius' memory. The thick hatch of the airlock beeped and slammed open, crashing noisily against the wall. The door was filled with ruddy light. Xia and Gripper backed away even before they could see who or what was stepping through.
It was Coldhand. His Talon was drawn and ready, winging the gun in a low, searching arc. Maeve pushed Kessa and the baby behind her. She spread her wings to shield them and whirled her glass-bladed spear, leveling it at the hunter in the door. Xia lunged past the cowering Gripper for her guns, hanging in their holsters from the corner of an empty cargo container. Coldhand aimed the laser at her.
"Don't touch them. Hands up and back off," he said. Xia froze with her fingers a breath away from the slick plastic grips and then turned slowly away. Coldhand pointed his Talon-9 at Maeve, the only one left armed.
Tiberius was hot with fury. Orphia shifted uneasily on his gauntlet as the captain pounded his fist on the catwalk railing. Damn him! Damn Maeve! Of all the bounty hunters in the galaxy, why was Coldhand here? How had he known? Maeve had assured him that the chances of Coldhand taking Vyron's bounty were remote, too small to even guess at! He was not supposed to come here, not yet. Not ever! The bounty hunter was supposed to call them once he landed on Stray! He wasn't even supposed to know who he was working for! Coldhand was supposed to meet them on Tiberius' terms, not like this.
"Where's the boy?" Tiberius growled.
Duaal was frozen in the doorway behind his captain, out of sight of anyone in the hold below. Coldhand looked up at Tiberius. He reached into the airlock behind him with his monstrous metal hand and yanked another man into the light.
"Vyron!" With a cry, Kessa pushed past Maeve and ran to her lover.
Vyron stared, black eyes wide and disbelieving. "Kessa? Oh my God, Kes" He trailed off with a strangled cry. Coldhand let go of Vyron and he stumbled forward, awkwardly putting his handcuffed arms around Kessa and holding her to him. Their cheeks were wet with tears. "Kes, I never thought I'd see you again!"
Vyron kissed Kessa and inhaled her scent, sobbing half-formed apologies and confessions of love into her tousled black hair. She answered his kisses with her own and assured her harried mate that all was well, that everything would be better now that they were together.
"We have a son, Vyron." Kessa told him. She nodded down to the little blanket-wrapped bundle cradled between them. Baliend burbled happily and sucked on his stubby fingers, staring at his father. Vyron burst into fresh tears and kissed mother and child.

Chapter 23:
Sowing Salt

"It's easy to speak well of war when you're not choked by the blood and tears."
- Illma Mujambi, Mirran journalist (119 MA)

Elsa didn't want to be there. She had not been out of the Nihilist cathedral in years. So far outside the cracked black walls, she felt naked, exposed.
"Bren told us to keep to the edges of Gharib," Seon growled quietly. "Gavriel wants to avoid entanglements."
"The knights of this city are stretched thin, Burning One," Alainna said with a dismissive flip of her wings. "They are motivated only by their lust for money. They will do nothing."
"Even a half-dead bitch will get up and tear your throat if you piss in her den," Seon shot back. "We're not risking it. End of argument. And they're called police here, not knights. Pay attention, bird-back."
Alainna shrugged her narrow shoulders and followed Seon as he led them back out towards the edge of Gharib. Elsa thought the gesture looked strange, but she remembered Bren telling her once that Arcadians had two pairs of shoulder blades  one set for their arms and one for their wings  and that changed the way the fairies moved. Bren had pointed to the bones of which he spoke, almost visible through the thin, waxy skin of an Arcadian who had recently starved to death.
Elsa walked behind the other two Nihilists down a dingy residential street that led out of the city. She smiled secretly. Both were shorter than she was and it made Elsa feel powerful for just a moment. A few shadowy figures moved in the windows, but most of the curtains had been drawn. Seon pricked his furry gray ears. There was a high, keening wail that wafted out through one of the windows. He shook his head, growling.
"No."
Alainna was a willowy Arcadian woman with long blonde hair that she kept in a braid that fell between her wings nearly to her waist. Before joining Lord Gavriel, she sold her body on the streets of Gharib, using the profits to drown her old pain in narcohol. The fairy was sick, coughing and sneezing. Her eyes and nose were red, always running. When Alainna had first arrived at the cathedral, Elsa had helped her splint a wing broken by her final customer. It was healed now and still a little crooked, but Alainna could fly well enough. The man who had snapped the delicate bones now quietly slept in the stony field behind the Church of Nihil.
Seon was a bristly Lyran with stiff, steely gray fur over numerous scars and bulging knots of muscles. Elsa did not know much about him, but instead of the rough black worn by his female companions, Seon was dressed in robes of angry scarlet. They marked him as someone special in the Church of Nihil. The red-robed sect had a name, but Elsa could not remember it. She knew only that the crimson cloth was warning enough not to ask too many questions. Seon's brilliant, flowing robes almost hid a curved nanosword on one hip, a well-worn NI gun on the other.
Almost.
"Too old," Seon said, pointing towards a window with his blunt, grizzled snout.
Elsa was impressed that Seon could tell how old that baby was just by hearing it cry. She wondered what else the Lyran could hear with his big, fuzzy ears.
The street ended abruptly as the small, single-story houses stopped. Dry desert dust drifted in over the low curb, filling the cracks between homes and spilling out in miniature dunes over the sidewalk. Alainna spread her wings and leapt into the air. She wheeled overhead, vanishing from sight occasionally as she spiraled outward into the pale sky. The streets were busy, filled with men and women coming home at the end of a long, hot day. But no one paid any attention to them.
Elsa thought about saying something, if only to remind Seon that she was there, but she decided to be quiet. She was only there to take care of the baby that her companions were looking for, not to contribute plans or tactics. Elsa wondered what Gavriel needed a baby for. Whatever the reason, she would be glad for a chance to hold one, a little life that she and her brutal husband had never been able to make.
Seon leaned against one of the houses as they waited for Alainna to finish her circuit. Despite the close heat of the day, he fished a short, fat cigar from somewhere in his red robes and lit it. The acrid smoke made Elsa wrinkle her nose. It was not the husky, organic scent of tobacco. Whatever the Lyran was smoking, it smelled poisonous and probably was.
When they had waited for a while, Alainna landed with a soft thud beside Seon. A pile of dust puffed out from her bare feet as she landed, making the Arcadian sneeze. She wiped her red nose on the back of her hand and blinked her bloodshot eyes. Seon snuffed out his cigar on one of the thick black pads on his palm. Elsa flinched. That probably hurt, but if it did, Seon really did not seem to care. He regarded Alainna with gleaming yellow eyes.
"These squalid residences mark the end of their district, Burning One," she said in thickly accented Aver. "Beyond, I found some few older homes, but all were cold and empty. To the west of those begins the the place in which starships land."
"The landing crescent," Seon growled.
"What chance have we of finding a child there?" asked Alainna, careful to make her arched question respectful.
"Not bleeding much," the Lyran told her. "But Lord Gavriel told us to cover this part of the city. All of it. The others are searching the rest of Gharib. You're not questioning him, bird-back."
"I would never dream of such impropriety, Burning One."
"Let's go, then."
______

"You owe me four hundred cenmarks," Coldhand said.
"Why did you bring him here? How did you know we wanted him?" Xia asked. Gripper was still cowering, but even he looked curious.
"When I was paid on Axis, I recognized the account number," he said shortly.
He knows my account numbers? Tiberius was furious.
Vyron looked up from where he was tearfully embracing Kessa and his newborn son. "What? You mean you knew about this? And you didn't tell me? You just let me spend the last four days worrying that I was about to die!"
Coldhand shrugged. "I didn't know exactly what they wanted you for. And I don't care."
Vyron was turning purple with rage and apparently did not trust himself to say more. Kessa stroked his cheek and murmured something soothing. He turned back to her, fury in his dark almond eyes.
Coldhand did not even spare a glance towards Vyron. He kept his gun trained on Maeve. "I don't work for free," he reminded them.
Tiberius' jaw clenched so tightly that his teeth ground painfully together. The impertinent traitor was standing in his bird demanding money in return for reuniting a man with his family. Even a mechanical heart couldn't be that unfeeling! How had such a monster ever managed to become a Prian police officer in the first place?
He was locked in some kind of endless nightmare, but Coldhand had brought Vyron. Whatever the hunter might be, Tiberius was a man of honor and would pay the bounty, as promised. He would have to get the color from the small safe in his quarters, but Maeve was already pulling four redmarks from somewhere in the folds of her gold sash. She threw them at Coldhand's feet. They clacked loudly on the fibersteel floor of the hold in the sudden silence. Where had she gotten that kind of money? One of those red chips was half a year of her pay.
Not taking his eyes from Maeve, Coldhand crouched and scooped up the money in his cybernetic hand. The plastic slid through his artificial fingers, but he tightened his grip. He threatened to crush the color in his metallic claw, but quickly stood and slipped the chips into a pocket. In return, he tossed the stubby key to Vyron's handcuffs to the floor.
"You've got your damned money," Tiberius snarled. "Now get off my bird!"
He pointed to the open airlock. It was rapidly growing quite hot in the hold as the sweltering air of Gharib wafted through, but no one was paying attention. Every brow was beaded with sweat, but it had nothing to do with the blistering late-day heat.
"Not yet," Coldhand said. "There's one more thing here that I need. We're leaving, Cavainna."
"Only carried by my dying breath will you take me, Logan," Maeve answered.
There was no anger, no resignation or even defiance in her voice. It sounded like a long practiced ritual. Maeve hefted her spear and settled into a ready stance, half crouching and wings spread out behind her. The bounty hunter's attention flickered to her blonde hair, her clean body and garb. It was a wonder he even recognized her. Duaal was still hidden in the hallway, taut and ready for a fight. The captain leaned over the railing.
"Get away from her!" he thundered. "I'm not letting you take anything or anyone, Coldhand. You've been paid. Now get your traitorous tail off of my ship!"
"Cavainna's a criminal and I'm taking her in, Myles."
Maeve was circling her hunter slowly, her spear held ready. The rainbow of streamers rippled in a searing breeze coming through the airlock. Her flame-colored dress, barely long enough to preserve any sense of modesty, clung to her sweat-damp white skin and failed to hide the lines of her too-lean, athletic body. Bathed and groomed for the first time in years, the Arcadian was a beautiful spectacle, graceful as a hunting hawk. The sight would have driven most Prian men wild, Tiberius thought, but Coldhand was all business.
"Maeve, stop! Let him go!" Tiberius growled, but she continued her side-stepping prowl. Her gray eyes were bright with anticipation.
"Listen to Claws," Gripper whimpered. "Smoke, please! Come on, what about Kessa and the baby? We need to get them out of here, away from the Nihilists, remember?"
Gripper's words seemed to rouse Maeve from her deadly reverie. She turned to Vyron, who still held Kessa and his son awkwardly in his arms. The baby's round blue face was unhappy, bunching up in preparation to cry. With one bare foot, Maeve sought out and found the key Coldhand had dropped. She kicked it across the floor of the hold towards the Dailons.
"Unbind your hands," she said to Vyron. "Take your bride and child into the ship. Look to Tiberius for your safety and you shall be well. He is a good man and worthy of your trust. Go."
"Damn it, Maeve! Stand down this instant, girl!" Tiberius boomed, banging his fist on the catwalk. Orphia squawked indignantly at him.
Coldhand took advantage of Maeve's inattention to slip behind her. The Talon shrieked in his hand as he pulled the trigger and a ruby bolt of laserfire hurled through the air, aimed at the fairy's feathered wings. She cocked a pointed ear at the sound of his footsteps and leapt aside. The laser scorched several of her long white feathers and burned a molten hole through a large cargo canister.
Kessa ducked out of Vyron's arms and snatched up the key. With one arm clutching Baliend to her breast, she fumbled, dropping the key once before she managed to unlock his manacles. Vyron gathered his family to him and hurried them up the stairs, away from Maeve and Logan.
Frightened, Baliend began to wail.
______

As the three Nihilists stalked between landed ships, Seon's ears suddenly pricked and twitched. The red-robed Lyran had stopped in front of a small cargo vessel. It was coated in yellow dust, stuck to a layer of damp-looking lacquer painted over the hull.
Blue Phoenix, Elsa read under the dirt, and wondered what a phoenix was. At the top of a lowered cargo ramp, the airlock was open. Elsa caught only a flash of glittering glass and the angry glow of a laser weapon being fired. There was shouting coming from inside the ship, and the sound of laserfire. But over it all, she could hear the thin wail of a crying baby.
"He's the one we need. There's a battle in there. Find me another way in," Seon rasped. He gestured with a sharp claw to Alainna. She nodded and leapt into the air, searching. "Elsa, stay here."
______

Pressed up against the doorway and invisible to the combatants below, Duaal held his breath. It was one thing to chase Coldhand's tracks through Gharib Hunting the Prian after his escape from the Phoenix had been exhilarating. But now, knowing that the hunter was less than a hundred feet away, his knees felt like water.
Duaal studied the fury written all over Tiberius' face. In spite of his fear, he wanted to help. He didn't like Maeve, but he had to admit that he did not really want to see her killed. But more importantly, the loss would wound his captain deeply.
The little Dailon family fled from the hunter and his mark, running towards Tiberius. Xia and Gripper were close on their heels, the latter wearing an expression of absolute, almost comical terror on his wide face. Tiberius ushered all five into the hall where Duaal waited. Duaal stood aside, waving them past, and turned to Tiberius.
"I can stop this," the mage said. "Coldhand won't even know what hit him."
His heart pounded deafeningly, echoing a heavy crash below that he hoped wasn't Maeve's body tumbling into the empty cargo canisters. Tiberius grabbed the front of Duaal's shirt in a fist almost as big as the young Hyzaari's head.
"No! You'll do nothing of the sort!" he snapped. "You stay away from those two, Duaal! I'll call for you when it's safe."
Duaal's hammering heart sank. Tiberius' had said the same thing to him when Coldhand escaped their ship before. Why would the old man never let him help? Duaal was a mage, one of only two that existed in the entire core! He was better suited to breaking up the deadly fight raging below than anyone else on the ship. Maybe better than anyone in the entire galaxy!
Still, the great mage had to admit that he felt very young and very small. He cringed as Coldhand's Talon whined again, answered by a screech of glass on metal. Tiberius released Duaal and shoved him bodily after the others, retreating into the Blue Phoenix.
"Stay with Kessa and Vyron," the captain ordered. Something in his voice made the Prian's accent thick and heavy. "Please, Duaal."
Duaal wanted to protest, but he only nodded weakly. "What about you? What are you going to do?" he asked.
Tiberius stroked Orphia, his face set in a grim mask. "I'm going to protect my bird."
He had no idea if Tiberius meant the Blue Phoenix, his pet hawk or perhaps his winged first mate. Duaal ran after Xia, Gripper and the Dailons. He looked back once at Tiberius, the blunt old man who was the only father he had ever known. With the rest of his crew and passengers safely out of the way, the old Prian untethered Orphia and freed his gun.
______

The dim, hot sun was setting behind her as Alainna bounded up onto the small freighter's broad wing. Elsa squinted at Seon, jumping after the Arcadian in a pair of powerful bounds on his reverse-jointed legs. She could make out only a pair of silhouettes against the blood-red sunset.
Seon and Alainna flew and climbed along the glistening hull of the ship, slithering along a ledge between sensor and communications spars. They paused, like hunting beasts just before pouncing, and then slipped out of sight into some unseen opening. Elsa waited across the street, wringing her dark hands and tugging on the sleeves of her homespun robe.
______

Maeve clung to the edge of a planter swinging from the supports. Coldhand dashed across the floor of the hold to get a better angle on her. The fairy was favoring one wing, her feathers ruffled and scorched, blackened by his opening shot. One of her forearms oozed blood from a deep burn. It dripped from her hand, clutching tightly at the haft of her spear, and splattered messily on the floor many feet below.
The glass spear, too, had tasted blood. Coldhand sported a deep slash across his left hip. Blood pouring down his leg painted every other footstep in red, but Maeve had hit nothing vital. The pain was remote, as distant and dull as ever, a regular throb like someone playing music far away. He could not even feel the other cut, a flaying wound across his lower back. Pain or pleasure, the bladed ministrations of the princess or the failed seduction of the Arcadian whore none of it meant anything to him.
Maeve tracked him closely, carefully. Something was wrong with this, Coldhand thought as his boots pounded across the fibersteel floor. She dove from her perch, compensating for her wounded wing with a long, flat arc. The spear whistled over his head as the hunter tucked his legs, dropping and rolling under the stairs that led down from the catwalk. Butterfly-bright pennons fell across his face, caressing his cheek as the blade slid past. The fairy caught the railing with her bare toes, spun and was back in the air. Coldhand crouched, aimed and waited.
What was wrong? Perhaps it was Cavainna herself. After over a year of chasing the Arcadian princess, Coldhand was accustomed to finding a dirty woman, wired and alert to his presence only because of addictive chemicals injected into her veins. Now, she looked different. The needle runs in her arms were fading. The Vanora White purchased on Axis had never been used except as a weapon. When was her last hit?
Despite the dark rings under her eyes, artificially blonde hair and shadows of every bone visible in her underfed frame, the Arcadian woman was actually quite lovely. Her silver eyes were bright with a fire he could only dimly recall, and framed by long, dark lashes. But that could not have been what bothered Coldhand. Beauty meant nothing to him. No, it was something else.
Maeve landed, forced to the ground by the confines under the stairs where Coldhand had retreated. As soon as she came into sight, the bounty hunter dropped his aim and fired. The laser lanced out and found its mark, burning deep and hot into the flesh of her right leg.
The shot was painful but not fatal, meant only to cripple. He wanted the Arcadian princess alive, after all. Maeve dropped to one knee with a pained cry, but she was close enough to sweep her spear at him in a tight arc. The crystal blade cut through the air and bit into the cargo canisters behind which Coldhand had taken cover. It sliced effortlessly through the plastic, crumpling the empty container and forcing the hunter back out into the open.
Coldhand darted in a wide circle around Maeve, out of spear reach. Blood ran down her leg, but the fairy made no move to staunch the flow. If he could hobble either her other wing or leg, the fight would be over. She took to the air again, whirling her spear at her adversary. The Arcadian glass could shear through even the illonium shielding, if he wasn't careful. Coldhand fell back and brought his cybernetic forearm down across the flat of the blade to parry aside the swipe. Maeve recovered, spun the spear and slashed a shallow, bloody line across his shoulder.
It could easily have been a deadly blow, he knew. The fairy was far more dangerous with a spear in her hands than a needle of White. Had Maeve adjusted her aim only a few inches, she could have slashed open the arteries that carried the blood from his computerized heart to his brain. He would have been dead in less than a minute. She wasn't fighting to kill him. She was letting him live. Why? Why fight Coldhand at all, if not to kill?
She's trying to provoke me. Provoke me?
He took advantage of his superior size, kicking at the haft of the spear to deflect the blade. Colorful ribbons tangled around his boot, but Coldhand turned his hips into the kick, wrenching the spear from Maeve's hands. The glass chimed off of the floor plating as it spun away. Maeve offered the human hunter a mysterious smile.
"Do not ask for my surrender, Logan," she said, drawing her long white wings close around her. "You know that I will not. You may only take my life when it is broken. Too many good men have fought in my unworthy defense for me to give up my final breath willingly."
What did she mean? Coldhand brought up the Talon, drawing a line on her uninjured wing. Perhaps there was remorse somewhere in the fairy's heart for her crimes. She wasn't killing him because she wanted him to kill her. He had no intention of granting her suicidal wish, but could not help wondering why the deception, why the chase? Genocide, murder Any one of the crimes she was accused of would earn her a death sentence under CWA law. She could take her own life just as easily. What was she doing?
What did it matter? What the fairy girl wanted was no concern of his. He would take her in for the bounty on her head. Maeve crouched, ready to leap on him and Coldhand tightened his finger on the trigger.
Why? What does she want from me?
A brown blur struck Coldhand's arm. A dim ember of pain flared on his right as talons dug into his natural arm. His shot went wild, blackening a foot-long section of the support overhead. Coldhand lashed out with his illonium hand, connecting solidly against his attacker. Orphia screamed piteously and wheeled back up out of his reach.
Tiberius was on the catwalk overhead, his NI pistol in hand and directed at the younger Prian, but he had not fired. Maeve stared at Tiberius with her lips pressed together in a tight, bloodless white line.
"Your aid comes unasked and unwelcome, Tiberius!" she cried. "Leave us! You have no right to stop this!"
Tiberius was not listening to his raging first mate. He glowered at Coldhand from under bushy pewter brows. "Get the hells off my bird, traitor, or I swear by the First Feathers that I will burn you down where you stand." The old pagan oath rumbled like an approaching storm.
The man hated Coldhand, hated him with a blazing passion that the bounty hunter could not even cheaply imitate with stimulants and exotic chems. Coldhand could not say that he blamed Tiberius. The hunter had brought disgrace and dishonor to the gun he carried. His uniform and badge were probably gathering dust in some back closet, too soiled to even pass on to a new officer. He should have felt shame, pain, or anger to know his name was slandered on his homeworld. Something. Anything. But Coldhand felt nothing.
Even in his fury, Tiberius would not shoot Coldhand in the back. The graying fool still honored the Prian code of chivalry, but the hunter was not so bound.
"If you're so intent on carrying out justice, Myles, you might want to clean up your own nest before flying further afield. Cavainna is a criminal," Coldhand reminded Tiberius flatly.
"This isn't about her. This is about you, traitor!"
The hunter swung his Talon around to fire off a quick shot at Tiberius, forcing the older man back behind cover. Coldhand brought the long-chambered laser back down, ready to fend off Maeve, but she had not moved, not even to retrieve her fallen spear.
Tiberius dashed out again, sprinting down the stairs at a pace his joints would surely protest later. His NI gun popped quietly, almost silently, but hurled a slug as thick as a Lyran's claw from the barrel. Coldhand whirled again and fired at Tiberius' feet. The retired cop jerked to a halt, a smoking hole in the floor not a foot from his boots.
"Stand down, you stiff-necked fool," Maeve shouted in a strained, strangled voice. "He will kill you if you interfere!"
She seemed rooted to the spot, her hands curled into impotent fists at her side, and Coldhand could see terror in her silvery eyes. What did she have to fear? Cavainna wanted to die  that much was clear  so she surely was not afraid for her own life. For Tiberius? No, that made no more sense. How could a woman guilty of wiping out an entire race, a genocide, worry about one outdated, idealistic fool of a police officer? Coldhand tried to push the questions from his mind. It didn't matter. None of it was important.
"I was a cop back home for fifty years," Myles huffed, still barely sparing a glance for the distraught fairy. He was not listening to her pleas at all. He bolted behind a flat of stacked canisters. "You left Prianus, Coldhand. Why? She needs every officer and you abandoned her! For what? To become a bounty hunter? Whoring justice for Alliance cenmarks?"
"You're out here, too," Coldhand said. He circled a pallet of canisters on sure, quiet feet.
"Tiberius, do not do this!" Maeve called to her captain. "This is justice served. Let us be!"
"I'm not about to let a traitor like him bring you in! If someone does it, he'll be a proper police officer! Not hunter trash who does it just for the colour!"
Coldhand wondered if that was supposed to comfort the Arcadian. He was darting in towards Maeve. She was still unarmed and made no move to defend herself, too busy arguing with her captain. Coldhand pulled a pair of handcuffs from his belt. Metal on metal, they slipped in his cybernetic fingers, but he held tight and flicked them open.
"True justice knows nothing of uniforms or mutable law! My blood is justice served, no matter who spills it," Maeve cried.
She caught sight of Coldhand advancing on her and leapt back, beating her wings furiously and spraying a thin mist of blood into the air from her injured wing and leg. Maeve's bare foot cracked across the blond human's jaw. He recovered quickly, dropping the cuffs to catch the Arcadian by the ankle. Unbalanced, Cavainna tumbled out of the air. Her breath whooshed out painfully as she landed heavily on her wounded wing.
"Get out of here, dove!" Tiberius snapped as he came around the stack of cargo containers towards Maeve, firing a series of rapid shots that forced Coldhand back away from his mark. He reached to help the fairy stand, but she swatted his hand aside and pushed herself to her feet.
"I have chosen my end! Leave me to face it!"
"You'll follow my be-damned orders, Maeve! Get the hells out of the way so I can get this filth off my bird," he shouted, gesturing with his stout NI pistol at Coldhand.
"This choice is mine to make!"
"Wrong," Coldhand corrected flatly. "The decision is mine."
A scream ripped through the air, drowning out Maeve's reply.

Chapter 24:
Reaping Tears

"It's young hearts that pound the drumbeat of revolution."
- Lyran proverb

Gripper's heart hammered away inside his ribs so hard that he worried that it thought he was moving too slow and was trying to break out to run on ahead. Xia, Vyron and Kessa, clutching her infant son in her arms, were racing ahead of him through the cramped corridors of the Blue Phoenix. Gripper had to duck and squeeze through tiny doorways, leaving scraped skin and tufts of painfully tugged fur behind as he struggled to keep up.
Duaal ran behind him, swearing hotly. Gripper could imagine Coldhand on their tail, that huge gun of his drawn He ran faster, grabbing onto bulkheads and swinging on long arms where he could. The bounty hunter was on the Blue Phoenix, unbound and armed! He was going to kill them all
When they reached the mess, Xia turned and signaled a stop. The kitchen sink was still full of dishes left over from lunch. Vyron and Kessa crouched behind the table, huddled together protectively around Baliend. There were large doors at either end of the room. One led back the way they had come, past the engine room and crew quarters. The other opened up onto a hallway that led up to the little antechamber of acceleration couches and the cockpit. Gripper stood nervously beside Xia as Duaal sprinted into the room, his gleaming charms ringing off one another.
"Tiberius and Maeve will try not to let their fight spill over into the rest of the ship, but Coldhand has the superior firepower. They might have to fall back," Xia said.
She sounded like she knew what she was talking about. Tiberius said once that Xia had worked on a pirate ship, a long time ago and not by choice.
"There's enough room to move in here, if it comes to a fight," she was saying. "If we go much further, we're going to run out of room."
There was something wrong that a doctor  especially a pretty one like Xia  had to know anything about fighting. Duaal was positioning himself near the door.
"I'll take care of Coldhand if he makes it this far," he announced.
Xia nodded. She took Gripper aside. "Duaal can take care of himself, whatever Tiberius says. So can I," she told him. "Let us do the fighting. Just keep an eye on Kessa and Vyron, all right? That's your job."
"I'll really try, Silver," he said. Gripper was not sure how he was supposed to keep the Dailons out of trouble. "I'll do my best."
"I know you will."
Xia smiled at him and patted his huge, furry arm. Gripper beamed. There was no way in the Great Green that he would let her down.
They waited in tense silence. Gripper had to exercise every last ounce of self-control not to swing nervously from the ceiling. Angry voices drifted up from the cargo bay, shouting and arguing, but he could not make out the words. Duaal and Xia were closest to the door, almost leaning through as they strained to hear. Gripper hung back, the fearfully whimpering Dailon family cowering behind him. The top of his head and points of his ears brushed the ceiling.
The waiting was wearing at Gripper's already frayed nerves, weakening even the resolve of Xia's bright smile. He felt sick and prayed that, if Coldhand came barreling through that door, his knocking knees would not betray him and send him falling to the floor. The Arboran pricked his ears. Gripper could still make out the scream of laser and raised voices, but there was something else.
"Hey, what's that?" he asked.
Duaal shot him an angry look and Xia shushed him absently, but the noise continued; a shrill, tearing sound. Gripper strained his ears. It was sharper, more high-pitched than he had first thought, but the upper registers were almost completely washed out by the ruckus from the hold. The source of the sound was not far away, he realized, just muted by layers of starship hull. It reminded him of that time, a few months before, when the ISR junction had fused shut. None of his drills or microsaws had been resilient enough to cut through the melted metal, so the Arboran had been forced to simply rip through the plating and tear off the fibersteel covers. Whatever he was hearing, it was similar to that buckling of metal. And it was getting louder.
"Um" Gripper began.
No one was looking at him. All attention was on the corridor that led out to the hold, everyone poised and waiting for trouble to come tumbling through the door. Suddenly, the grating sound stopped. Gripper sighed in relief. So it was nothing after all.
He didn't realize that they were not alone in the room until Xia was stumbling back, reaching for her pistols. She swore hoarsely, invoking the names of several demons Gripper did not recognize. Baliend was crying again, screaming with lungs that seemed far more developed than the rest of his tiny blue body.
Coldhand! Was it Coldhand? And Maeve was in the mess, flinging herself at Xia in a furious whirlwind of feathers. But why? Gripper realized a heartbeat later that the Arcadian was not Maeve. This fairy was a little shorter than his friend, with butter-yellow hair swinging in a long braid. Her face was sharper and looked older than the princess, too. Only the sad, red-rimmed eyes were anything alike.
Something furry hit Gripper in the stomach, painfully knocking the wind out of his lungs and sending him reeling back into Kessa and Vyron. The Dailons stumbled and fell under him.
A snarling Lyran in bright red robes stood over them, a drawn nanosword in one paw, curved like a great fang and running with shifting colors like oil on water. The blade whistled over their heads as Gripper and the Dailons fell in a tangle of limbs to the floor. Much taller than the blue-skinned parents, Gripper did not escape the blow unscathed. The molecule-thin edge sheered through the tip of his long left ear. He howled in pain and clapped his huge claw to the bloody wound.
The Lyran spun the nanosword effortlessly in his clawed hand. He smiled as Gripper screamed. The blade flicked out again, quick as a striking snake, cutting deep, bloody gashes in the Arboran's thick mottled brown and green hide.
How did they get onto the ship? Every lash of the sword cut another burning line of pain into his flesh, over his knotted shoulders, thick arms and wide chest. Gripper tried to wriggle away, but Vyron and his little family were too close and he was just too big. His pained thrashing could kill them almost as easily as the nanosword. Stinging blood dripped into his eyes from his wounded ear. The Arboran brought up his huge hands, trying feebly to fend off the blows, but each stinging slash danced easily past his guard and cut free another howl of agony.
The mess was abruptly alive with crackling energy. The crimson-clad Lyran went stiff, his exposed gray fur bristling. Curling fingers of lightning leapt from the empty air, encircling him with burning energy. A heartbeat later, they were gone, leaving smoking black burns snaking through his fur and robes in their wake.
"Hey, puppy! Dance with someone who knows the steps!"
Duaal stood behind the Lyran, sweeping his fingers through the air and singing alien words. Scorched red robes billowing, the Lyran leapt at the mage, snarling and swiping his nanoblade. Duaal stepped back, snapped a word and released his spell. The air sizzled for a split second, and then burst into flame all around the Lyran.
Quickly as the lightning had, the fire died away, but his robes and fur had caught fire, blazing brightly and filling the mess with the stomach churning smell of burning fur and flesh. But the flashed inferno was not enough to stop the Lyran. He pounced on Duaal, bowling him over so that both combatants thumped to the floor. The smaller, more muscular lupine slashed his nanosword, still clutched in his steaming paw, down across the mage's unprotected face.
Duaal gasped a word and splayed his gloved fingers. The sword rang as though it had impacted steel, crashing off of the apparently empty air inches away from the human's dark cheek. Despite the protection offered by his spell, the force of the blow shoved Duaal down, cracking the back of his head painfully on the ground. He blinked slowly, eyes glazed.
"A mage!" the Lyran growled softly. There was something in his voice; a respectful, even reverent tone, but he did not get off of Duaal.
Where was Xia? Gripper hauled himself back to his feet, trying not to crush Kessa and her family. He bled from a dozen painful wounds, and the blood running down into his ear made it hard to hear.
Xia was struggling to disarm the Arcadian of a dirty, discolored dagger that the fairy had pulled from somewhere in her rough black robes, but not faring well. Xia sported fewer cuts than Gripper, but not by much. Her silvery skin was slick with blood and her jeweled eyes whirled red with fear. Her attacker had Xia pinned in a corner and was bearing her blade inexorably down on the Ixthian. The Blue Phoenix's medic had one of her six-fingered hands around the Arcadian's slim wrists, warding off the dagger, but she was tiring quickly.
"Silver!" Gripper cried.
He jumped at the Arcadian, grabbing her wings in his huge claws. Delicate bones snapped like twigs in his hands as he bodily yanked the fairy away from Xia. She screeched sharply in agony. Xia sagged wearily against the wall. The Arcadian dropped the knife and she fell back as Gripper shattered her wings. She twisted treacherously in his grasp, lashing out behind her with a slender leg and kicking Gripper in the fork of the legs. Tears sprang to his eyes. He dropped her and fell to his knees with a groan.
______

Alainna staggered, but kept her feet, though her broken wings trailed uselessly behind her on the floor. Seon straddled the pretty blond man, who was shaking his head. She stooped to retrieve her fallen dagger and made an off-balance dash at the great ugly ogre that had destroyed her wings.
"Get the baby and return it to the cathedral," Seon growled.
Gritting her teeth, Alainna aborted her attack. One did not lightly disobey orders from the Emberguard. Seon regarded the human boy, who was struggling to clamber to his feet.
"What of these life-clingers?" she asked.
She did not like the idea of leaving anyone living. What right did these flightless wretches have to breathe when the White Kingdom was gone? There were practical considerations, as well. Survivors now might make enemies later.
"I'll finish them," Seon answered.
His yellow eyes smoldered with a banked flame, a mad spark of burning need. Blackened fur around his muzzle and ears still oozed rancid smoke. The Emberguard rested the flat of his nanosword against the human boy's cheek. Alainna could not tell which of the worlds the human came from. They looked the same to her: hulking, wingless things with no grace and less kindness.
"Except for this one," Seon replied thoughtfully. "Master Gavriel will want him. I think he's a mage. I'll kill the rest, but I will bring the human prize to our master myself."
"You wish all of the glory for yourself, Emberguard."
"I gave you an order and you'll obey it, bird-back. Take the baby and go back to the cathedral!"
Under the bristling Emberguard's crushing weight, the one he had called a mage was whimpering like a beaten dog, his sea-green eyes wide with terror.
"Gavriel?" he was moaning in a low, terrified voice. "Not him!"
He raised his hands, a spell on his lips. Alainna recognized the focus-words of a lightning call, but Seon struck the boy across the mouth hard with the hilt of his nanosword, shattering the caster's attention. His head thumped back to the floor, red blood dribbling from the corner of his mouth.
They were all dead, whether they knew it or not. And when Seon was done with his bloodbath, he would take the mage back to Gavriel himself. The huge ogre-thing was getting back to his feet, but the Dailons were still cowering in the corner of the mess, cradling their baby protectively between them. Alainna stalked across the room, her useless wings dragging on the floor.
"Give me the baby," she demanded.
The Dailon woman hugged her child to her ample blue chest, cringing away from Alainna and weeping in fear. Her man stood shakily between the two women, his arms held out to create an utterly useless barrier. His black eyes were wide with fear. A pair of handcuffs dangled from his right wrist.
"Leave us alone, please! I just found my son. You can't take him," he said bravely, but his voice cracked.
Alainna smiled thinly. How the living clung to their pointless little lives and their empty loves. She brought the still-bloody knife down on the Dailon man, cutting a wide gash from collarbone to navel that gushed blood down his torso. He fell bonelessly to the ground. The woman screamed in horror as red splashed across the floor. Alainna sheathed her blade, stepping over him and snatched the crying baby from his mother's arms.

Chapter 25:
Scream

"Even the greatest mountain is made up of mere pebbles."
- Hadrian proverb

Bounding up the stairs, Coldhand shoved his way past Tiberius and chased Maeve deeper into the Blue Phoenix. Fibersteel mesh clanged under Coldhand's heavy boots. Cavainna had snatched up her fallen spear and soared somewhat unsteadily into the air on her injured wings, landed on the catwalk and raced toward the scream. Coldhand gave chase. He was not done with her yet. Chest heaving like a smith's bellows, Tiberius brought up the rear, laboring to keep up with the younger Prian and light-footed fairy.
Even before he followed Maeve into the mess, Coldhand smelled the metallic tang of blood, much more than had been shed in their battle in the Blue Phoenix's hold. The air was tight with violence, pulled taut as a drumhead. Up ahead, Maeve vanished through the door. Her white wings eclipsed his view until Coldhand sprinted after her.
Mess hall was a generous term for the small room. There was barely enough space for a countertop kitchen, much less the table, assorted chairs and couch that shared the space. There was even less room now. The table was overturned, shoved back against a wall and chairs scattered in every direction.
The floor was sticky with red. Gore clung to Coldhand's boots and painted Cavainna's bare feet red. Gripper was pulling back from a storm of movement in the center of the room, Duaal limp in his thick arms. The mage whimpered, weeping to himself and curling inward around the wet stain at the crotch of his pants. Xia crawled laboriously over towards Vyron, who lay crumpled in a spreading lake of blood. Kessa was on her knees a few feet away, her mouth gaping open in the unending scream that had drawn Maeve. Something was missing from the scene, but Coldhand could not immediately figure out what is was.
"Vaeli'i la!" Maeve cried hoarsely.
Honorless one. He knew what the insult meant. She was leaping on the figure in the center of the mess, lunging with her spear.
Coldhand stopped dead in the doorway when he saw what she was fighting. A Lyran man robed all in red, his sword flashing in one paw, raised to fend off Cavainna's blow, a pistol clenched in the other. The stiff, burnt gray fur was different than the olive Mirran stripes, the curved nanosword borne of a different culture and different tastes than the sickly gleaming longsword. But there was no mistaking the red robes or the way the Lyran fought: mad, zealous, with no thought to anything but pain and death. Icy sweat beaded on Coldhand's brow. The hunter staggered and clutched at his chest.
No. Not here.
How could one of them be here?
"Put up your weapon and stand down!" Reginald demanded. The cloaked Mirran smiled, a flash of teeth barely visible in the dark Prian night. Logan shivered. Never in his life had he seen such a cold smile, like a sliver of white ice. He prayed that his partner would be careful.
"Who are you to deny me?" the Mirran laughed. "I am an Emberguard! I am the hand of nothingness itself. I am the last cinder of destruction before the blaze that will be true oblivion. I fear no man, no pain, no death!"
"Take him down," Reginald ordered.
Logan raised his Talon. Backup was on the way. They only had to hold him off for a few minutes. The Mirran shrugged out of his coat and raised his sword. His red robes were like a bloody wound in the very fabric of the night. He held the nanoblade almost casually, waving it in light, lazy circles, like a conductor striking up the orchestra. Reginald braced himself and fired his ancient Talon-5 at the Mirran, the wide bolt momentarily lighting up the alleyway, but his target was already darting towards the two police officers, so fast that he was nothing more than a blur of scarlet. Logan never knew if Reginald's shot landed. If it had, the man, this Emberguard, showed no sign of pain or injury.
"I am the ember that burns in the darkness before the final night, the last smoldering fire of destruction before my master puts all to right," he laughed in almost childlike delight. "Do not fear the coming pain. It is a gift, a passing gift that will deliver you into blessed nothingness."
He was lover-close to Reginald before the cop could squeeze off another shot. The lights of the squad car illuminated the killer's delicate, almost feline, stripes and the excited flush in his cheeks. The Mirran assassin gracefully swept his long nanosword in a swift, deadly arc, beheading Reginald in a single blow. Just like that, Logan's partner was dead.
"No!" Logan screamed.
His friend's body fell limply to the cracked cement. The young cop's vision was blurred with angry tears as he opened fire. What kind of man laughed as he killed? What kind of monster? Could any man be that heartless? It would be a dead man! Logan fired, and again. Again and again, but the robed Mirran slapped aside the Talon-9 with the flat of his blade.
"A gift," he whispered like a benediction. A flick of his wrist brought the nanosword down on Logan's left arm, sheering through the limb just below the elbow. Blood spurted from the severed limb. The young officer dropped his gun, staring in dumb horror at where his arm used to be. A scream welled up in his chest.
The striped assassin brought the blade up again, flashing in the thin starlight. It looked just like his smile. Cold. Pale. And then he thrust the sword into Logan's chest, running him through the heart. The glistening nanoblade trapped the scream in place, pinned like a brightfly to a card.
Logan fell, dying in silence.
Wheezing, Tiberius ran in behind Coldhand, who stood stunned in the door. Tiberius did not pause to take in the sight of the sweating, pale bounty hunter. He pushed Coldhand out of the way. Orphia swooped in behind her master.
The Emberguard jammed the barrel of his laser into Maeve's stomach. Accustomed to a year of fighting against Coldhand, she twisted away. The shot burned through empty air.
"Who are you? What the hells are you doing on my bird?" Tiberius shouted.
The Lyran did not answer, but Maeve panted a reply as she twisted out of his grasp. "Nihilists," she gasped. "From the cathedral!"
Nihilists? Coldhand heard the word, but it made no sense. The Church of Nihil was a small-time cult on Stray with power in a handful of cities and perhaps half a dozen ragged cathedrals scattered over the entire planet. There was no way that this bloody-robed Lyran could be of the same sect as the assassin who had taken Logan's arm and heart his life. But the thin shreds of evidence screamed to him that it was true: the way this Lyran dressed and fought, the ideal of the Church of Nihil and the Mirran's mad words on Logan's final night as a whole man. They were the same.
They were here. He hadn't escaped them.
"What the hells is he doing on my bird?" Tiberius roared. Kessa's monotonous wail made it hard to hear even the captain's booming voice. Maeve said something, but it was lost in the din. Tiberius was still holding his NI pistol. "Stand down, Nihilist! Put up your gun and get off my ship!"
His words eerily echoed Reginald's. This Emberguard seemed less interested in talking and laughing than the one on Prianus and answered Tiberius with blood instead of words. He kicked at Maeve, who recoiled, but she grabbed a handful of his fur and managed to cling close. She slammed a small, sharp elbow into his chest, taking his breath.
Tiberius waved his gun menacingly at the Nihilist, but seemed to think better of firing it in such close quarters. He was just as likely to hit one of his crew as his opponent. He dropped the weapon and brought up his fists.
Coldhand could not move. Was it fear? No, he told himself. It couldn't be. Fear was a feeling, like passion or happiness. Such things required a heart to quail in terror or leap in joy. All he had was a computerized pump. Coldhand was a machine. He could not feel, he could not fear. If he was not afraid, then why was he still standing in the doorway, gaping at the Nihilist and shivering?
Logan opened his eyes and immediately closed them again. He was in a place of blinding whiteness, lying on something soft. The air was hot but sterile and thick with the smell of chemicals. A hospital. Logan tried to open his eyes again.
"He's awake."
The silhouette of a man blocked out the bright light. His shadow fell dark and cool over the young officer. What? Logan wanted to ask a question, but his lips were dry and stiff. He could not move them.
"Welcome back, Lieutenant Centra," the doctor-shadow said. Logan squinted, but saw only blackness haloed by scrubbed, too-clean light. "You had us all pretty worried for a while there, but you pulled through. With a little help, of course."
The shadow's gentle laugh hurt his ears, grating on his raw nerves. Logan tried to sit, but only his right arm would obey him as he tried to push himself upright. The left was heavy, unresponsive, unfeeling. There was a weight in his chest, bearing down on him. He fell back into the scratchy, clean white sheets.
"Why?" The question was only a whisper on his cracked lips. Logan could not see the expression on the doctor's backlit face.
"The nearest Ixthian cloning facility is on Kynfarr. We put in a request for help, but another but replacements would have taken more than a week to arrive. We didn't have that kind of time. We had to use what we had here. Both your left arm and heart have been replaced with cybernetic equivalents, Lieutenant Centra," the shadow told him. "I'm sorry to say that, though we gave you the best computerized replacements available, they are able to reproduce only twenty percent of your natural nerve sensitivity."
"Twenty percent feeling? My hand. My heart. I only have twenty percent left," Logan whispered. "Twenty percent."
The darkness nodded. He closed his eyes and waited for tears, but none came.
______

What's wrong with Coldhand?
The traitor was just standing there, unmoving. Tiberius dismissed him for the moment and leapt on the Nihilist, grabbing fistfuls of blackened fur and red robes, trying to pull him off of Maeve. The Lyran stumbled for a heartbeat under the added weight, but he was a canny fighter and powerful athlete. He twisted out of Tiberius' grasp, giving up his hold on Maeve. Tiberius shook clumps of sooty fur from his sweaty fingers and lunged again. There was no room for Orphia to fly. She was perched on the leg of a toppled chair, watching intently and flipping her wings in agitation.
There was something satisfying about it all, about fighting the good fight after years of retirement. His broken ribs creaked in protest, but Tiberius didn't care. Age may have dulled his eyes and slowed his body, but the blood thundering in his ears was just as glorious a song as ever. There were innocents to fight for, to protect, and to avenge. Vyron was dying. Kessa was crying. His clenched fist connected solidly with the Nihilist's ribs. Gripper and Xia were bleeding. He lashed out again, harder. Duaal was hurt. He slammed again at the joint of the Nihilist's arm and the gun tumbled from the dark paw. Another punch, a lashing kick to the Lyran's backwards knee.
The Nihilist spun on Tiberius, lips peeled back from his long, yellowing teeth in a feral snarl. With pads hardened from years of battle, he swatted aside most of the of the human's blows, returning with his own claw swipes. The gun was too far away to recover, but the Nihilist scrambled for his nanosword, seizing it before Tiberius could stop him. He circled behind the Lyran and wrapped one of his thick arms around the shorter man's shoulders, trying to pin his arms. The Nihilist tried to pull away, but Tiberius was ready this time and used his superior size to keep hold. The writhing Lyran had greater use of his arms than he would have liked, but at least he had a grip on the be-damned creature.
Snarling and spitting like a demon, the singed, red-clad Nihilist twisted in his grasp. But he no longer seemed to be trying to escape, Tiberius thought. What was he up to? Tiberius tightened his grip to ready himself for anything the madman might try. Tiberius' determination very nearly killed him.
These Nihilists feared nothing, death least of all. Unable to strike the Prian behind him with claw or weapon, he reversed his grip on the curved nanosword. Without hesitation, he drove the long blade through his own belly until the point sliced through his back, through the robes he wore and stabbed deeply into Tiberius, just above his hip and into his entrails. The old Prian stumbled back, releasing the Nihilist. He thumped against the kitchen counter and sank to the floor, grunting. Tiberius' whole body seared with agony and he clutched at the wound, sinking unsteadily to the floor.
Coldhand was still and silent, frozen in place. Orphia hopped across the floor, over scarlet puddles and splintered chairs, to clamber onto the toe of Tiberius' boots and chirp sharply at him. Her razor talons bit into his boots and she clung to her master.
A stain of deeper red bloomed across the Nihilist's robes. He was bleeding badly, but unlike Tiberius, he was not flagging. His maneuver had doubtlessly been painful, but the Lyran had probably not cut anything immediately vital. His knowledge of anatomy was flawless. Without care, the Nihilist would die, but not before killing his enemies.
Maeve cried an angry note and rushed in once again. She swept her long wings, one dappled with blood from her fight with Coldhand, around the Lyran, blinding him in a storm of feathers. Her spear was gone, useless and forgotten in the close quarters. The Arcadian princess reached to gouge at his eyes with her small fingers.
Tiberius stood and staggered a step toward the combatants, thinking to somehow help Maeve. His hands were slick with red and his vision was getting gray at the edges. He fell to the floor again. Orphia hopped around him, keening in worry. Damn his old body!
Howling, the Lyran threw Maeve off him. With satisfaction, Tiberius noted that the Arcadian's hooked fingers dripped with something thick and viscous. Maeve beat her wings as she fell, trying to fly, but there was no room. She crashed into the wall beside the door with a loud thump.
Robes billowing around him like a crimson cloud, the Nihilist stalked over to Maeve, holding his curved nanosword high. His left eye was a mess of oozing viscera and blood, dripping down his muzzle and soaking into his burnt fur. The Arcadian struggled to rise, but her wounded leg  another gift from her bounty hunter  buckled and would not hold her weight. Tiberius sat in a rapidly growing puddle of blood, trying to make his heavy, cold limbs obey him.
Maeve lashed out with wings and fists, but could not keep the powerful Lyran at bay. His one good eye smoldered as he brought the nanosword down on her unprotected head. The fairy did not scream. Her silver eyes were wide and bright as death came for her.
"Smoke!" Gripper cried from where he stood, cradling Duaal, but there was nothing he could do to help her.
The sword fell, and then metal rang on metal. Howling in fury at being denied his kill, the Nihilist tugged on his nanosword to wrench it back, but Coldhand grasped the blade with grim determination. The edge sliced through his leather glove and bit deeply into the illonium hand beneath.
"Get away from her," the bounty hunter said. "Cavainna's my mark."
Coldhand tightened his metal fingers around the sword blade and kicked the Lyran in his bleeding chest. The Nihilist stumbled back, releasing his weapon. Coldhand dropped it to the floor with a clang. A deep groove was cut into his cybernetic palm, but the illonium shielding was intact.
His Talon was reholstered at his hip. Not much point in saving Maeve only to accidentally shoot her in the close brawling, Tiberius mused fuzzily. Dimly, he heard Gripper cheer. Dirty dishwater was dripping down onto his shoulder. The wetness was cold and smelled of eggs.
Maeve was back on her feet, limping heavily. She and Coldhand circled the Nihilist together, swooping in to lay down a flurry of blows that bowed the Lyran nearly double. He retaliated with a swipe of short, bloody claws across Maeve's already injured forearm. She bit off a high, keening note of pain, recoiling and holding her wound close.
The Nihilist spun, aiming the same blow at Coldhand, who sported several deep gashes across his right arm from Orphia's talons during his fight in the Blue Phoenix's hold. The Lyran's claws landed in much the same place, biting deeply into the already torn flesh. A muscle in Coldhand's jaw twitched as the other man ripped the wounds deeper. But Coldhand took advantage of the Nihilist's proximity to grab a fistful of robes and seizing his furry wrist. The hunter twisted and yanked his arm up painfully behind him. Popping his shoulder loudly, the Nihilist writhed to get away as Maeve closed and rammed her foot into the Nihilist's chest, pushing him heavily back into his human captor.
There was no way the pair could keep him restrained, Tiberius saw. Coldhand alone was not strong enough to hold back the frenzied Lyran. Maeve was a skilled and savvy fighter, but she was so small. She just did not have enough mass to control the man. They would have to kill the Nihilist, but then they would never find out why he had broken into the Blue Phoenix.
Where was Xia when Tiberius needed her? She could have the damnable hole in his hide stitched up in a minute. The Ixthian was bent over Vyron and seemed to be ignoring everything else. She had rolled the Dailon over onto his back and now straddled his chest, looking worried. Kessa had at last fallen quiet, sobbing and trying to follow some kind of instructions that Xia was giving her.
Tiberius waved Orphia off, who was still watching him with avian concern. He pulled the damp dishtowel down off of the counter and stuffed it into the hole in his stomach. It hurt like mad, but it seemed to slow the bleeding.
Tiberius surged to his feet, tottered a step and lunged forward to grab the Nihilist's free arm and pulled it up behind his back much the same way as Coldhand had. Tiberius leaned heavily on the Nihilist, using his bulk to maintain his hold, but more to keep himself standing. Coldhand shot him a look that might have been surprised or grateful, but Tiberius was concentrating too hard on merely standing to worry about it much. Together, the Prians swept the Nihilist's paws out from under him and pulled him to his knees. The Lyran finally pitched forward onto the floor, both men still on top of him.
"What are you doing on my bird?" Tiberius panted.
"I'm executing Lord Gavriel's will."
"Who's Gavriel?" Coldhand asked.
"And why the hells did he send you to my God-damned bird?" Tiberius snapped at the same time.
The Lyran smirked wolfishly at both men, but said nothing.
"Tell me!" the tired captain demanded, leaning heavily on him.
"I am an Emberguard," the Nihilist spat. "I answer to no one but Lord Gavriel. Not to you, not to your impotent god. I've performed my commanded task and now claim my reward!"
With that, the Emberguard lifted his head as high as he could in his awkward position and smashed it down onto the floor plating. There was a sharp crunch. Tiberius and Coldhand moved quickly to stop him, but the Nihilist raised his head again and slammed down a second time. The sound was softer, a sickening squelch, and then he lay still.

Chapter 26:
Prayers Unanswered

"We only live that the gods may enjoy from us all manner of songs, from the most comical to the most tragic."
- Arcadian proverb

There was a moment of stunned silence as everyone in the mess stared at the body of the Lyran Emberguard. And then chaos erupted once again. Maeve closed her eyes, but could not block out the sound. In the midst of such horror, she lived. Again. How could the gods be so cruel?
"Anslin, will you never hear my prayers?" she asked quietly. She opened her gray eyes and surveyed the shambles of the ruined mess hall.
"He killed himself!" Gripper was shouting, hopping from one huge foot to the other and clutching Duaal to his wide chest like a child. "Look, he just bashed his brains out on the floor!"
"Kessa, I need you to go down to the medbay and get me my kit. It's in the blue locker with the cross and circle on it," Xia said.
"But" Kessa objected.
"Go get the kit or Vyron is going to die!" Xia snapped.
The Dailon girl nodded, hot tears streaming down her cheeks, and rose unsteadily to her feet. She stepped fearfully over the Nihilist's body, as though afraid it would sit up and bite her, then vanished down the corridor toward the medbay. Tiberius staggered over to Gripper, staring at Duaal in his arms.
"What happened?" the old Prian asked in a cracking voice. "Is he all right?"
"I think so," Gripper answered. "Just passed out, I think."
Gently, he laid Duaal on the floor and wiped his claws on his shirt. Tiberius sat down heavily beside the boy and took his cold hand. "Damn them," he said in a voice choked with fury. "Damn them all. What did they want?"
"New one. Power," Duaal whimpered. His eyes fluttered open. They were haunted and terrified, drained of the bravado Maeve was so accustomed to. "He wants another one to replace me."
"What?" Tiberius leaned close to catch the mage's words. "Power? Find out if they took anything, Anandrou."
"Yeah, I'm on it," Gripper said.
The engineer limped over to a computer terminal, grimacing in pain. Xia looked up from where she was holding together the halves of the great rent in Vyron's chest. "That can wait, damn it!" she clicked angrily. "You all need medical attention first."
Gripper looked uncertainly between Xia and Tiberius. Kessa ran back into the room with a large plastic case tucked under her arm. She handed it to the Ixthian doctor, who opened it and hurriedly pulled out a hypodermic needle almost as long as Maeve's arm. "Hold here," she instructed. Tears still streaming down her sapphire cheeks, Kessa obeyed, replacing Xia's hands with her own.
The Ixthian doctor tore the cap of the syringe off with her teeth, reversed it and plunged the needle directly into Vyron's wounded chest. Kessa closed her eyes and sobbed, but she did not recoil and kept steady pressure on her mate's severed blood vessels. Xia jammed the plunger down and the Dailon man jerked convulsively.
"Hold him!" she told Kessa.
The young mother leaned all of her weight on Vyron. Xia peeled back his eyelids and inspected his glassy black eyes. Apparently satisfied, she nodded to Kessa and went to work swiftly suturing up the long cut.
"He'll live," she pronounced. "Which is more than I can say for the rest of you, if you tear yourselves open any more. There's a lot of blood on the floor and not all of it is from that man there," she said, pointing her sharp chin at the body of the dead Nihilist. "Sit still until I can get to you."
There was a cold touch on Maeve's bare arm. Coldhand had his cybernetic fingers around her bicep. The fairy tried to pull away, but it was like trying to break free of a vice and she was so tired. Blood dripped from her numerous wounds, joining the slippery, sticky mess covering the floor.
"I've got what I came for," Coldhand said and pulled her towards the door.
"Not so fast."
It was not Tiberius who had spoken, but Xia. The bounty hunter stopped, looking back at her. She had finished stitching up Vyron and was regarding Coldhand with determined aqua eyes, hands on her hips. "You're bleeding as bad as anyone else here," she said. "You won't get fifty yards before you black out from blood loss. Maybe less."
"I don't feel it," Coldhand responded evenly.
"Feel it or not, even a mechanical heart needs blood to pump and it can't do that if you've bled it all out on the ground. Sit down before you fall down."
The bounty hunter slowly released Maeve's arm. He pulled his Talon-9 from his hip as he leaned against the wall, ready to burn any member of the Blue Phoenix crew who dared try to take advantage of his wounds. Maeve sagged beside him as the room fell silent but for the sound of supplies shifting in Xia's case. Neither one looked at the other.
Xia hurried away from Vyron's recumbent, quiet form to go to Tiberius. She made a noise of disgust. "A towel, Tiberius? Do you know what kind of infections you could have picked up?"
"Better than bleeding to death," the captain retorted.
"Not by much."
Gingerly, she pulled the dishrag from the hole in Tiberius' stomach and went to work washing it out. He grunted in pain. She pulled a can from the supplies, shook it and filled the wound with disinfectant foam, then began stitching Tiberius closed.
Maeve was disappointed to see Coldhand succumb to something so simple as injury and fatigue. The man was reputed to be as unstoppable as time and just as ruthless. They had fought hard, first against one another, then against the powerful Emberguard, Maeve admitted to herself.
Yet her eyes stung. Why did the gods see fit to torment her with life? All she wanted was death, a chance to stare into the blank darkness and unfairness of unbeing, and then slip away into the Nameless' chill embrace. Was that so very much to ask? Maeve supposed it was, since the gods had never seen fit to grant her wish. She had no place to ask for anything, not anymore.
"Genocide?"
Maeve's head jerked up.
"How can one woman commit genocide?" Coldhand asked. She pulled her wings around her. The feathers were stiff and clammy with drying blood.
"I have seen death beyond your understanding," Maeve said quietly. "Crimes are only the breaking of laws and what I have seen, what I have done, is beyond the word of law."
______

Coldhand pondered Maeve's answer. They certainly implied guilt. Her voice and her silver eyes were full with self-loathing and horror. Still, the question nagged at him. She was only one woman. A skilled fighter, to be certain Coldhand probed none too gently at the deep, clean gash left by her glass spear, so close to a killing blow, but one she had restrained. Blood welled up around his prodding finger, but still he felt only the most distant, dull throb of pain.
After doing what she could for Gripper, Xia made her way over to them. She looked between Maeve and Coldhand. Deciding either that the fairy was in more dire need of care or that the hunter was expendable, Xia began applying a sticky yellow bandaging spray to Maeve's many cuts and burns.
Gripper made his way over to the computer terminal set into the wall and called up the internal sensors. "Engine room checks out, Claws. Everything is still there," he told Tiberius. "Fore starboard airlock is blown, though. I can't get any response. I guess they jacked it to get in."
Tiberius nodded absently, still watching Duaal. The boy had his eyes squeezed shut as he lay shivering on the floor of the impromptu medical ward.
It was not his job to determine guilt or innocence, Coldhand reminded himself sternly. He was just a bounty hunter and Maeve Cavainna was worth high color to someone. He would let nothing stop him from taking her in, not even an Emberguard bent on destruction.
The Emberguard If what the Lyran had snarled before he killed himself was true, they were a sect of the Church of Nihil, subject only to the ruling of their leader. Gavriel, Coldhand gathered from the splintered information available, was someone the boy Duaal knew. It was not an acquaintance that the young Hyzaari seemed eager to renew.
What had Gavriel's Emberguard been doing on Prianus five years ago? Selling chems? Maybe. The death-worshipers certainly did not care much about quality of life. Maybe they took some kind of pleasure in selling drugs. But Prianus was far off the beaten path for something that frivolous. Coldhand did not dwell on the question. Not because he was afraid, he knew. It was just just a useless line of inquiry. There were more important things to consider. Coldhand shuddered as he pushed away memories of the Emberguard.
Maeve was still close, closer than she had ever been in the past year. Close enough that he could smell the sweat beaded on her white skin. Her scent was salty as a human's would have been, but mingled with something sweet, like honey or vanilla. Close enough to see the imperfections of her bleaching job. There were shadows of inky hair close to the skin, black as a Prian night. Close enough to touch, to reach out and seize her again or press his Talon to her temple.
But Coldhand was wounded and needed Xia's attention. She was right about that much, at least. But once she had administered her care, what was to stop him from simply grabbing the tired, pale little fairy princess and leaving?
Nothing.
Maeve watched Xia disinfect and stitch the laser-burned line across her leg. She was not looking at Coldhand, but none of the tautness had left her body. The Arcadian would still fight, despite her injuries. For all of her dove-white feathers, she was like a raptor, bred and blooded to fly and kill. Much like him. Conscience was for wide-eyed children and fools, weapons to take their own lives. Logan had lost his arm and heart to juvenile sentiment. He knew better now. Hawks didn't feel. They flew and they killed.
Maeve's head suddenly snapped up. "Kessa, where is the child?" she cried in startled panic. "Where is Baliend?"
Xia blinked, startled. An acutely embarrassed expression crept across her face. Kessa had been following the Ixthian around the impromptu medical ward, handing her supplies as asked for. The new mother's fragile composure shattered and she wailed again.
"She took him! That bird-back stole my baby!" Kessa cried. "She tried to kill Vyron!"
"It was another Nihilist, I think. She was in those black robes," Xia clarified. "An Arcadian. She stole Baliend and ran off while the one in red stayed to fight."
Tiberius bellowed in rage, though the grip with which he clasped Duaal's hand remained gentle. Gripper winced and clapped his hands over his ears, groaning when he touched the painfully shortened length of the left one. Maeve leapt to her feet, eliciting an objection from Xia. The princess scooped up her spear and bounded towards the exit.
"Sit your tail down this instant, Maeve! You're not going anywhere," Tiberius boomed. Maeve paused at the door leading towards the front of the Blue Phoenix.
"I will go to find Baliend," she snapped. "You have seen the work of Nihilists, Tiberius. Would you leave an innocent life, not yet a full day in this world, in their hands?"
"You know me better than that, dove!"
He had more to say, but Duaal was struggling to sit up. The grizzled old cop closed his mouth and turned his attention back to the boy. Gripper was still at the computer terminal, but like everyone else in the room, had turned to look at Duaal. His ordinarily bronzed Hyzaari skin was waxen and there was none of his usual brazen, youthful vigor. The boy's eyes were riveted on Tiberius as he spoke, ignoring Maeve entirely.
"Don't go," he choked. "You have no idea what he's like! We have to run. We have to get out of here!"
"Who? Gavriel?" Tiberius asked, almost gently. The name was enough to make Duaal recoil violently.
"No!" he screamed, clawing at Tiberius with desperate animal terror. "Don't let him have me again! I won't sing for him, I won't let him inside me again! God, please! I'd die first!"
Tiberius' face was screwed up in a rictus of horror. His mouth was opening and closing, but no words came out. His face was so flushed with fury that he looked as though he might actually explode at any moment.
Xia seemed to understand what he was trying to say. "Do you mean sexually? He abused you?" she questioned carefully. Duaal shot her a withering look.
"No! I wish he had. It would have been better than what what he did," he said in a shaky voice. His ragged hair was plastered to his forehead with sweat. "He used me I don't know how else to describe it. Since as far back as I can remember. He said he needed me for his spells because I was young and he could tell me how to think. I felt them, I sang them for him. He was in me, in my head! Inside I wasn't wasn't" Duaal trailed off in helpless horror.
"I don't understand. Gavriel needed you for what? A component of his spells? Like virgin's blood and unicorn horns? That kind of thing?" Tiberius asked.
"No. Magic does not work like that," Maeve said. She still clutched her spear and was shifting restlessly. "It is science, whatever words you coreworlders use for it. It has laws based in truth. The gestures and symbols Duaal uses mean nothing. They are aids given to children who cannot yet understand the nature of science, like the stories you tell your young ones about thunder and lightning."
"I thought you said you didn't know much about magic," Xia accused.
"I am no student of the Ivory Spire, but I am of the royal line of Cavain," Maeve snapped. "I have been to school! These are concepts that every Arcadian understands. All that matters is the thought! The words, the songs, are used to give structure and meaning, to aid in memory."
Even Duaal was staring. "What? You can't be serious," he gasped, his terror swept aside for the moment. He looked down at the dangling charms, the symbols embroidered into his expensive velvet coat, now ruined with dark stains. His eyes were pleading, denuded of their usual hate for the princess. "Children's toys?"
"It is truth," Maeve said firmly.
"I don't need all of this?" Duaal asked, gesturing with trembling hands.
"Physical foci are the crutch of the most feeble-minded," Maeve said. She smiled cruelly at Duaal. "I do not suggest disposing of yours any time soon."
Hatred flared in his green eyes. For a moment, there had been a chance for peace between the fairy and mage, but she had slammed the door closed once more. "You must have a whole trove of them, then," Duaal retorted.
"That's enough, both of you!" Tiberius growled. "We don't have time to squabble. Gavriel's got Baliend."
The smile fell away and a shadow descended over Maeve's face once more. She swept a dirty wing across her chest and saluted Duaal. "You sing truth, Tiberius. Duaal, I beg forgiveness. Our personal ire must wait until another time to bear its bitter fruits. Time is slipping away. Tell us what you can with all haste."
Coldhand was absorbed by the conversation and almost shot Xia when she tapped him on the shoulder. She took a step back and waited until he had lowered his gun. "You can listen just fine while I patch you up," she said, edging closer again. The case of medical supplies in her six-fingered hands was nearly empty.
______

Duaal took a deep breath and nodded. He churned with disgust for Maeve, but he kept his voice even. Much as he disliked the fairy, he hated Gavriel more. "He needed me for his magic, something about my age or thinking or something. I could feel it in me, coursing through me, every time. He never told me why. After a few years, I stopped asking.
"But he needed me. He needed me to think in ways he couldn't. It's not just words and and symbols. So he always kept me right beside him, even when he was sleeping. Whenever he started a spell, ever since I was little boy, I felt it in my head, every word, though he was never speaking to me, not speaking like we are now. They ran through me and then it happened, whatever he wanted to happen. I understood what was in his head and I said it the right way to make it happen."
"You thought the right way," Maeve corrected.
Duaal nodded. He had been a tool, nothing more. "Eventually, I was more scared of staying, of the things he he made me do than anything he might do to me. So I ran away."
"That's why you were stowed away on my bird!" Tiberius rubbed his wrinkle-wreathed eyes. "What did he want on Prianus? Great God, you could have told me. You've had plenty of time to do it!"
Duaal's face went hot. He had spared the details of his escape in hopes that the others would assume a heroic struggle to get away from Gavriel. Even if it were true, did Tiberius have to say it like that? Trembling with fear and urine drying on the front of his pants, Duaal had little enough pride to preserve. Was that too much to ask? He pulled his knees up to his chest and wrapped his arms around them, not daring to look at the others.
There was a lingering moment of silence. Xia was focused on Coldhand. She swabbed the wounds left by both the Arcadian and Orphia hesitantly, watching the bounty hunter's gun and ready to abandon her work in a heartbeat if he so much as twitched. Coldhand was still.
"I have not the time to share every detail of my time in the Church of Nihil," Maeve said, breaking the silence, "but there is at least one tale which I believe requires at least a perfunctory telling." She paced as she spoke, flipping her wings in tight agitation.
"As I sought answers to those questions we deemed vital for Kessa's safety, but have since proved criminally inadequate, I met a woman who called herself Elsa. She fled to Gavriel's church to escape an abusive husband. When he came seeking his bride, the cathedral's master went forth to greet him. Their exchange was less than peaceful, Elsa sang to me. Gavriel killed the man with a blade of silver perhaps a remnant of the focal symbols he used with you, Duaal. In the shadow of the Church of Nihil, the earth is strewn with gravestones, a field planted with cold seeds, of such murders. Some of those who slumber uneasily in the ground died of their own volition inside the jagged wall of Gavriel's cathedral, but I do not know how many slain Sisters lie there beside other hapless enemies of the Church of Nihil."
"Is there a point to this story, Cavainna?" Coldhand asked icily.
Duaal jumped. He had been so absorbed that he had almost forgotten the bounty hunter was there. Xia was spraying some colorless foam from a sputtering can across a gash in the Prian's back. His shirt was pulled up to keep it clear of the wound. Xia's green-tinged eyes kept wavering from her work to his cybernetic hand. Duaal ignored the metal as best he could, looking instead at the owner of the hand. Coldhand was quite fetching, in a hard-edged and dangerous kind of way. It had been some time since a man had caught Duaal's eye and he needed something to distract him from the terror gnawing at his heart.
"I have indeed. One of potentially vital importance, Logan," Maeve snapped, "if one with the lifespan of a veilwing would learn proper patience and hold his uncivilized tongue."
Logan? Was that Coldhand's forename? Duaal rolled the name over in his mind thoughtfully and decided he liked it.
"Maeve," Tiberius growled warningly, though Coldhand seemed unfazed by the insulting comment.
She regarded Duaal with a glittering gray gaze. "It would seem that Gavriel lost much when you escaped him. I do not understand why No Arcadian relies so heavily upon an artifact that they can no longer sing their spells properly when it is lost."
"If he's really been cut down so bad without Shimmer," Gripper said worriedly, "then I don't think he's going to let it go. Daddy Death didn't strike me as the kind of guy to just sit on a bad situation."
"Are you saying that he's going to try to get Duaal back?" Xia asked. The question was indistinct, mumbled as she held the blue surgical thread taut in her teeth and snipped off the final stitch on Coldhand's back. He pulled his shirt back down, to Duaal's disappointment.
"He'd better not try it," Tiberius said, cracking his thick, gnarled knuckles ominously.
"No, no. That's not what I'm saying," Gripper stammered. "I mean, Gavriel doesn't know about Shimmer, right? That he's here on Stray? At least, he couldn't have before he sent his lackeys here. They were after something else."
"Baliend!" Kessa cried, sitting next to her unconscious mate and stroking his black hair. "He wanted my baby! But but why?"
"To replace what he lost," Maeve answered. "You were but an infant when Gavriel took you, were you not?"
"I don't remember much before him," Duaal confirmed haltingly.
"We can't let him have another child!" Tiberius rumbled. "No one deserves the kind of life Gavriel would give them. We can't just sit here, Duaal."
"We must act swiftly, for we have no knowledge of where Gavriel will take the child once it is brought to him," Maeve agreed.
______

Coldhand flexed and balled his right fist experimentally. Xia did good work. She was at least as skilled as the Temptation's medic had been. Better, probably. The skin pulled tightly, the wounds left from Orphia's gouging talons sewn expertly closed and the blood wiped away. The graying hawk was perched near her master, glaring balefully at the bounty hunter from time to time as if to remind him that, though Tiberius might have been distracted by talk of Kessa's child and Duaal's history, she had not forgotten about Coldhand.
The questions being asked were interesting, to be certain, but they were none of his concern. There was no bounty out on Gavriel, regardless of his crimes. Coldhand's injuries were tended to and Cavainna had not taken advantage of his ill health enough to get away from him. If she and the rest of Myles' crew trusted that he was an honorable man who would not fight those who had healed him, they were very wrong.
"What're we going to do?" Gripper was asking plaintively, wringing his huge claws and worrying at the hem of his shredded Better FMS than FAO! shirt. "I mean, we don't know where they're taking him."
"There are several cathedrals raised to Gavriel's worship of death. They are scattered over the entirety of Stray," Maeve said. "He was not at the Gharib one while I was housed within its fragile walls. However, because his followers have sought a child here instead of Kharnig, the city I was told that Gavriel was visiting, I believe that he has returned."
"We don't know that," Tiberius countered. "We should check the local mainstream and see if this is happening anywhere else on Stray. The Arcadian who took him could be anywhere by now if she had a ship or some other vehicle."
"While time passes, the opportunity to retrieve Baliend slips ever further from our grasp."
"Maeve, we've got to play this one carefully. How many of those Nihilists are there? How many more of them are Amberguards or whatever they are? It took everyone on this bird to take down just one. You won't do the kid any good if they kill you," the captain argued.
"Take whatever inaction you so desire! I will not stand idly by while Gavriel endangers an infant," Maeve spat.
"By God, girl, I'll break your wings myself if you even think to disobey my orders again! I'm not saying that we do nothing, just"
"I don't care what you decide to do whenever you get tired of squabbling amongst yourselves, but you'll be doing it short one princess," Coldhand said, standing and advancing on Maeve.
She was already moving towards the door, probably to fly out on her own, against her captain's orders. Coldhand snared her wrist in an unbreakable grip with his cybernetic hand and hauled her back. She stared at him with shocked silver eyes.
"What're you doing?" Xia cried. "I just stitched you up! How can you just turn on us? You would have died!"
"Your mistake," Coldhand said.
"I would gladly meet my death by your hands, Logan, but I fear that this task will remain undone. Release me and you have my word before the gods that I shall return with Baliend," Maeve gasped, writhing in his grasp.
"You could die out there or you could be lying to me," he said. "Either way, I don't care about the kid and I'm not taking chances."
"Have you no honor?"
"No." Coldhand holstered his gun loosely and pulled another pair of handcuffs from his belt.
Maeve hauled her hand back, rising up onto her toes, but not even reaching his shoulder. Coldhand braced himself. The fairy had not spent the time in a boxing ring that he had  long ago, as a wild young boy on Prianus  but she was a trained knight and Coldhand learned long before not to underestimate her skill. They were both badly injured. Which one would fail first?
Coldhand was shocked to feel her open hand impact his cheek. A slap? It was not even a hard blow, simply a gesture of scorn and reprimand. The crack resounded in the suddenly silent room. Stunned, Coldhand took a step back, releasing Maeve and raising his hand to his face. After a year of battling in deadly earnest, Cavainna slapped him like an unruly boy?
She turned away, her cheeks the same flaming red as the handprint she had left on his face, seized her spear and sprinted out the door. Coldhand jerked the Talon back into his hand and gave chase.

Chapter 27:
Flight

"The finer the point of the spear, the more easily it is broken off."
- Ai'ru Vallain, pyrad rebel (1142 MA)

Coldhand chased Maeve down the hallway, feet hammering on the fibersteel flooring. His computerized heart beat loud and fast in his chest. The hunter had lost a great deal of blood and his body struggled to compensate. There was a sharp tightness in his ribs that Coldhand recognized as pain, muscles cramping from lack of oxygen. Maeve would be just as hobbled, if not more so. The fairy was a creature of passions. She would feel the pain that he did not.
Before Coldhand could take proper aim with his Talon, Maeve turned sharply, bolted down a short side corridor and vanished out a darkened doorway. Almost too late, he saw the ragged, broken locks of a hatch that had been forced open. The darkness beyond was the night sky of Stray. Coldhand jerked to a halt as one foot came down on nothing. The huge, flat pewter disc of the moon did nothing to illuminate the world below. Many feet below.
Maeve soared away on outstretched wings, not looking back at the hunter she left behind. The door was an airlock, located high on the body of the Blue Phoenix for aerial docking. It had been ripped wide open. Work of the Nihilists, Coldhand suspected  the airlock they had jacked, as Gripper put it. Frayed wires dangled from the shattered access panel, but the hotwiring job did not appear to have been successful, so the intruding Emberguard had resorted to brute force to tear his way into the ship. What sort of chems had he been on?
Coldhand's mark was getting away. Maeve was already a rapidly dwindling spark of white vanishing to the east. Coldhand leapt diagonally from the open airlock, landed with a resounding clang on the Blue Phoenix's wing, and jumped again. He rolled with the impact, but the fall was at least ten feet. When the bounty hunter stood again, he had torn free several of Xia's neat blue stitches and was bleeding again. Coldhand raised his glacial eyes back to the sky, but Maeve was gone.
He did not waste energy fuming or swearing. The chase was far from over, so long as he could figure out where Cavainna was going and get her out of there  in his custody  before one of those Emberguard gutted her. Just thinking of the red-robed creatures made Coldhand's stomach clench.
Maeve had talked about several cathedrals raised by the Church of Nihil. She said that the baby was probably being taken to the closest one, at least temporarily. She knew where she was going and was not restricted to the roads of the city. Maeve had flown east, so that was the direction Coldhand would go, too.
Coldhand toyed with the idea of following her on foot. The princess was wounded and would be flying slowly. Perhaps he could catch up. He rejected the notion. Maeve was, as he had noted earlier, a creature of passions that ran hot as solar plasma. Her injuries would not slow her nearly enough. If she was determined to retrieve the Dailons' baby, nothing short of death could stop her.
He would need his Raptor to chase down the errant knight. Coldhand turned north and headed towards the landing pad where his fighter was grounded. He would lose precious minutes making his way back to his ship, but it was a necessary gamble.
______

"Damn that girl! Damn her to the deepest hell!" Tiberius ranted. "Pack up some fire, everyone. We've got to get that little hare-brain before Coldhand does."
He was answered by a chorus of protests. The smell of blood was thick in the mess and the Emberguard's corpse was stiffening on the floor. It was the middle of the night. Couldn't these things ever happen in the civilized light of day?
"What if Vyron doesn't wake up soon? If Xia goes What if he gets worse?" Kessa protested.
"Great Green, she's going to die! They're going to kill her. Unless Freezer catches up first," Gripper whimpered. "Then he'll kill her! Can't we do something? We have to help Smoke!"
"She can't be thinking to go pick another fight in the shape she's in! And with Coldhand right on her heels. My God, I can't believe him." This was from Xia, who was pacing and waving her hands in the air. "Tiberius, we can't go anywhere! We just finished a fight that nearly killed us all. We can't go racing off after Maeve, not like this!"
Tiberius ignored them. In the midst of the shouting, Duaal had taken his hand again. The boy's grip was cold and clammy. His voice was so choked with terror that Tiberius had to lean close to catch the words.
"Don't chase her," Duaal said. "Please, Tiberius. She's going to him, to Gavriel."
"We can't just let Maeve run off to die or let Coldhand grab her."
"No," the mage hissed, hooking his bloodless fingers into Tiberius' shirt. His eyes were wide and wild. "You don't understand. Maeve will die if she tries to go up against Gavriel. You don't know him! All you'll do by chasing after her is die yourself! Please, don't go!"
Tiberius was torn. The sensation was annoyingly disorienting. Disobedient and often suicidal though Maeve was, he could not just leave her to the Nihilists, but he wasn't sure he could bring himself to go against Duaal's whimpered wishes. By all the old gods, birds were easier! They never asked anything but a shred of food and a long leash to fly on. People had demands, strange emotional and psychological needs that could not be ignored.
"Please!" Duaal begged.
Maeve was a capable woman, Tiberius reasoned. Her royal blood had given her access to the finest schooling and training available in the Arcadian system. She had more experience in battle than any of them, himself included. After a career in the Prian police, that was saying something. Maeve's wings afforded her a significant advantage in a fight, maneuverability, altitude and speed that birds alone enjoyed. Even the Prian birds could not match an Arcadian's soft, silent wings for a stealthy approach. If anyone could survive this, it would be Maeve. She would make it back to the Blue Phoenix wouldn't she?
The harder Tiberius tried, the more flimsy his excuses became. Quiet though they might have been, Maeve's wings were terribly fragile. It was a wonder she could fly at all with the wounds she had sustained. And even a cheap gun erased the advantage of flight. The princess was a deadly opponent, but she was still flesh and blood, quite capable of dying. Coldhand had brought her close so many times before. Even if she somehow managed to get into the Nihilist cathedral to rescue Kessa's baby, the bounty hunter was right on her tail.
Tiberius looked down into Duaal's wide eyes, but even the shine of unshed tears could not change his mind. Without help, Maeve would die. Tiberius was not like Coldhand. He could not just walk away from his responsibilities. Something of his decision must have shown in Tiberius' face, because Duaal turned away, weeping hysterically into his trembling hands.
Tiberius disentangled himself from the mage and stood. His back protested loudly. He was too old and too tired to go chasing a crazy dove, but what choice had Maeve left him? Still, getting the rest of the Blue Phoenix crew killed in the process seemed like a stupid way to help her, if Gavriel was as dangerous as Duaal claimed. Tiberius was not the overeager young fool that Maeve was. He would think this thing through.
"Quiet!" he bellowed over the cacophony of questioning, arguing voices. "I'll tell you what we're going to do. We're going to get Maeve and the baby back in one piece. Two pieces. Whatever. Shove up and listen! We can do this, but we will need some help."
The mess hall fell silent but for Duaal's quiet, frightened sobs.
______

"Do we have to run so fast?" Elsa asked. "It's making the baby cry!"
She had bundled up the tiny Dailon child as best she could in her dark robes and held him. Still, he had not stopped crying since Alainna thrust the baby into her arms and commanded her to run. Elsa was of Mirran blood, a world of wide, open plains and numerous sharp-clawed predators. She had long, strong legs quite capable of running for hours without tiring. But the baby did not like it and was screaming loudly.
"Close your mouth and run, foolish woman," the Arcadian Nihilist panted. She was having a harder time running than Elsa. Her slender legs, never built to spend so much time laboring on the ground, strained to haul her weight and that of her broken wings.
The baby boy continued to wail in her ear and Elsa said nothing, but she did not think Alainna would be able to keep up such a pace for long. The hour was late. The sky was dark and bitterly cold, keeping the streets almost empty of travelers. Elsa eyed the occasional passing vehicle, sealed against the nighttime chill, with envy. She might be able to run all night, but she was cold and so was the baby. The Mirran woman patted the child comfortingly with a dark, olive-striped hand as he wailed. Beside her, sweat was running in thin rivulets down Alainna's white skin, washing away the blood until it was only pale pink ribbons. The fairy was panting so hard that Elsa wondered how she managed to keep her lungs from bursting like a corpse in the sun.
What would Gavriel do with the baby? Elsa supposed that the great man was just lonely. He spent a lot of time with the black-haired fairy, Xartasia, but she supposed even her beauty was not quite the same as the tiny warmth of a baby. He would be a good father to the little boy, Elsa told herself. She hoped it was true.
One of the passing vehicles, a low-slung car with peeling paint and moving on an NI field that occasionally sputtered, slowed beside them. The driver blared his horn loudly and made several gestures that Elsa did not understand. He was laughing. One of the sealed windows hissed down and a young human man leaned out. His eyes were bloodshot and he reeked of narcohol. The car easily kept pace with the two women.
"Hey, little 'Lainna. Haven't seen you around here in a while," he slurred condescendingly at Alainna. The fairy kept running, not looking at him. Another man appeared behind him, also leering at her.
"Oh yeah, we've missed your tender attentions," the new fellow jeered. His eyes lingered disapprovingly on the rough robes she wore. "What the hells is that thing you're wearing? Stop running and let us pick you up!"
He made another gesture that Elsa could not interpret. The first man laughed raucously and grinned at his friend. "Looks like someone mangled your wings. They worked you over bad. Poor little bird-back. Well, you won't need wings for us!"
"We'll take good care of you if you take care of us!" the second chimed in. Alainna still did not turn to them.
"Don't ignore me, you bird-back little whore! Make it easy on yourself and come here," the other grunted.
Alainna stopped in her tracks and Elsa stumbled to a stop beside her. The Arcadian's narrow chest heaved and her eyes were narrowed to furious, dangerous slits. The car fishtailed wildly at her sudden halt, spinning around to face the two women. She hissed at Elsa to stay put and strode purposefully to the stopped vehicle. One of the men inside opened the door and beckoned to her. A plastic smile was on her pretty face as she discreetly reached for the knife under her robes.
The baby was still wailing in Elsa's arms. She tried to shush him as the men screamed from inside the car. At least they wouldn't be running the rest of the way to the cathedral.
______

The wind was frigid on Maeve's skin, unprotected by the short, battle-tattered dress she wore, but she was flush with rage and clutched her spear in a tight, angry grip. To think that any man would steal a child, an infant! Baliend was just a baby, not yet of sound enough mind to choose his own fate in the terrible worlds, unknowing that the hands waiting to take him were stained with blood.
Her injured wing cramped painfully in the cold. Maeve did not fight the stab of guilt. She was truly no better than Gavriel, but, by Anslin, she would see Baliend returned to his loving mother and father before Coldhand caught her. Nothing she could do would repay the lives Maeve had taken, but she would at least do this one small thing
The jagged black Church of Nihil loomed up suddenly out of the night. Maeve beat her wings hard and pulled up just before she crashed headfirst into a bowed strip of painted fibersteel. She caught her balance again and wormed her fingers between cracks of siltstone and metal, probed with her toes until she found purchase. The wall was still warm from the blistering Gharib day.
The cathedral was dark and silent. Maeve clung to the wall just below one of the open-faced steeples. She lifted herself just high enough to peer over the uneven sill, down into the cathedral. Not a single light shone below. Maeve squinted in the sparse star-light and could just make out the massive single room of the church. It seemed to be empty of life, filled only by tumbled masonry and sand churned into miniature dunes by the passing of many feet.
Where was everyone? Only a day ago, this cathedral had been filled by hundreds of pathetic, desperate people. Maeve let go of the wall and spread her wings, catching an updraft and spiraling skyward. She flew quietly and landed lightly on a pile of refuse left over from the cathedral's construction. There was a dilapidated gray-painted car of some kind parked crookedly on the ground. It was long and low, with paint peeling off in curling strips. The null-inertia field was powered down and the dented undercarriage rested directly on the jagged rocks. Maeve caught a whiff of something coppery on the rising air.
She soared down and tried the door. To her surprise, it was unlocked. The interior of the vehicle was shoddy at best, stained and ripped in many places. It stank of sex and sweat, but those scents were almost overwhelmed by the smell coming from several large, dark wet patches. In the dim light, it was impossible to tell what the slick liquid was, but Maeve could guess. The fairy dipped her finger in a sizable puddle on the floorboard, brought it to her tongue and spat.
Blood.
Maeve crawled back out of the machine and wiped her hand on the shreds of her dress. She spun her spear in a frustrated circle. Now what? Where were Gavriel and Baliend? Had they already fled Gharib? Maeve closed her eyes and tried to calm herself. Her rage would gain her nothing. Anger sped the hand but slowed the mind, as Caith so often told her. Any skills he lacked with spear, he always more than made up for with words. And love
"Maeve, please!" Caith begged. "If I fail to see her tonight, I swear before Aes herself that I shall die!"
Maeve could not help giggling at her little brother. He looked so comical on his knees in the grass, green stains on his pristine white robes, the mark of his dedication to the Ivory Spire and service to the Waygates. His eyes were so wide and pleading!
"I have been long away from Orthain, too. No one ever died for lack of their lover's embrace," Maeve told him as sternly as she could.
Caith hid a smile of his own. He knew he had already won the argument. His sister's resistance was only a part of the game. Maeve could deny Caith nothing.
"It is sung that the great passions of Cavain's heart could light fires when roused," he replied, folding his fine white hands in the center of his chest. "I am as true a son of his lineage as you are, Maeve! The heart that could set the dryad's wood ablaze can surely break in two when such love is denied."
"Do not speak such blasphemies of Cavain, little brother! He put a cease to the pyrads' burning, not set such blazes himself!"
"Please, I must see Karrian tonight! I swear by the gods my heart will shatter if I do not!"
"A shattered heart is nothing compared to our punishment if we are not at the Tamlin Waygate tonight," Maeve said, mock-sternly. She sat in the emerald green grass beside Caith. "Princess Titania herself is in the blooming fields this month. We are only the king's niece and nephew. She is his daughter. Cavain's blood runs thicker in her veins than ours and she will be well within her right to thrash us if she finds our service to the gates lacking!"
"Titania is only in Tamlin to see Anthem, sister, whatever official title she has granted her visit here. She is not denied the chance to hold her enarri," Caith retorted. He laid his head on her shoulder, his soft black curls brushing Maeve's cheek softly. "Go in my stead, my clever sister!"
"Caith, no!" Maeve protested.
"I would never deny you a chance to see Orthain. Karrian means all to me that the knight does to you!"
"You wield unfair weapons against me," she said, swatting her brother lightly and then sighed. "Very well. Go to your lady love, my brother. I will go alone to the Tamlin Waygate tonight."
Maeve angrily wiped away the tears that always sprang to her eyes at the memory of Caith. Reminiscing about all that she had lost would not help her now. But what would? She perched on the hood of the abandoned vehicle like a gargoyle, brooding and squinting through the darkness at the ground beneath her. It was too rocky to discern any particular prints that might suggest where the occupants of either the cathedral or the car had gone.
She circled the leaning black Nihilist cathedral twice, but found nothing. Maeve stopped in the stony graveyard and wrapped her wings around her against the cold, staring up at the colorless moon and silently demanding answers of the darkness.
______

It was only the work of minutes to fly the Raptor across Gharib. The central hub of the city was brightly lit, but that illumination tapered off as he sped towards east until the ground below was completely dark. Thermal imaging showed nothing but flat black flecked only here and there by the heat signatures of a few huddled families. Coldhand switched over to the spectrum densitometer. He scanned until he found what he was looking for  a large, rectangular patch of higher density than the surrounding rock-strewn earth.
Coldhand looked more closely at the display as he arrowed the Raptor down through the air. A rectangle with a thin black border; that was the wall of the church, lighter in the center where the density dropped as stone gave way to the open room. Coldhand saw no dividing walls inside, just the irregular gray mottling of stone and dirt. Nothing moved inside.
But in the rear of the cathedral, Coldhand could just make out the dark blurs laid out in uneven rows. Something was buried there many somethings. A graveyard? Cavainna had mentioned one and he could think of nothing else to explain what he was seeing. The bounty hunter frowned at the display. There had to be hundreds of graves.
Coldhand looked over the image carefully. There was something else, dim and indistinct, superimposed over the multitude of graves. A network of interlocking lines that crossed one another and turned at strange, sharp angles. A star? One with eight points, but the shape was still recognizable. He had seen that symbol somewhere before, but where?
The question would have to wait. The proximity alarm blared, warning Coldhand that he was perilously close to the ground. He pulled back on the control yoke, bringing up the Raptor's nose and evening out. The fighter's roaring engines churned dust into the air, boiling in low clouds across the earth. The Church of Nihil jutted up out of the murk. It was a towering yet decrepit thing, a massive, graceless piling of dark siltstone and riveted metal that looked as though it would topple at any moment. Coldhand switched back to thermal.
He did not have to look far to find Maeve. The Arcadian princess stood atop an abandoned NI car in front of the Nihilist church, waiting with her spear in hand. Coldhand flipped a switch and a brilliant spotlight bathed his mark in blinding white light. Maeve held her ground and did not run. Her pale hair and shredded dress whipped wildly about her, her wings laid flat behind her to avoid catching the wind churned up by the Raptor's thrusters.
The fairy's chin was raised proudly, silver eyes defiant and her mouth set in a grim line. Coldhand could not help admiring her. Just for a moment. She looked like an angel out of Prian legend  sad, lovely creatures of grace and power that carried out God's will. But such things were only stories. This angel was perfectly capable of killing.
Coldhand brought the pointed nose of the Raptor around to face Maeve. She could not have been more than fifty yards away. He trained his guns on her and turned on his loudspeaker. "There's no one left to help you, Cavainna. Stop flying and give yourself up."
Maeve shouted something in reply, but the hunter could not hear her in the Raptor, over the rumbling of engines and in the cockpit sealed for flight in the vacuum of space. She shielded her eyes against the spotlight and shook her head emphatically.
No.
"If you fly off chasing Vyron's kid, you might well get yourself killed by Duaal's demon mage and I'll lose a very valuable bounty. I'm not going to let you lose me that kind of color by committing suicide. I'll kill you myself and take the smaller bounty before I let you out of my talons again, Cavainna."
It was no idle threat. She had trapped Coldhand and, unless she gave herself up, he could think of little else to do. He had poured too many hours and cenmarks into hunting Cavainna to let someone else kill her.
An impossible hope lit up Maeve's face. How long had she pushed and pulled, trying to manipulate Coldhand into killing her? Now chance and circumstances far outside her control had cornered the bounty hunter the way she never had. Maeve was still for a long moment, and then shook her head again.
No.
No? Coldhand was incredulous. Just when he thought he understood the Arcadian princess He offered her what she wanted most in the worlds, and now she was saying no. Well, Coldhand thought, it wasn't her choice anymore. He thumbed the cover off of the trigger of the Raptor's lasers. Screaming or consenting, he always got his mark. The hunter felt no regret for killing such a lovely creature. No horror at gunning down the tiny winged woman, for killing the one trying to save Vyron's infant son, no terror at the shell of a man he had become, no loss for the death of Logan Centra. All he wanted was Maeve. All he cared about was the bounty.
Twenty percent.
Maeve held her arms up to her nearly bare chest as though cradling something, then pointed imperiously at the darkened Church of Nihil behind her.
The baby. They have Baliend.
Coldhand's mechanical fingers hesitated over the weapon controls. His cold blue eyes darted of their own volition over to the densitometer display. The star-shape he had seen it on Duaal's coat, embroidered in expensive gold thread across his back. A symbol of power. A focus, Cavainna had said. He switched to thermal imaging. Coldhand traced the interlocking lines with his cybernetic hand, unable to feel the smoothness of the screen under his numb metal fingers.
Twenty percent but if Duaal was right, Baliend would live even less of his life if no one rescued him from Gavriel.
______

The Raptor touched down lightly on the rough ground. The canopy clicked and unsealed, then slid back. Logan jumped out, already slipping his Talon-9 from its holster. Maeve fluttered down as he neared. He stopped about fifteen feet away, out of the reach of her spear, but not of his laser. She fidgeted impatiently. The bounty hunter's mouth worked for a moment before words actually came out.
"They're underground. I picked up a network of tunnels on my sensors, running under the graveyard," he said slowly. Each word was a struggle. "I read at least two hundred heat signatures down there."
Maeve gritted her teeth. Underground. It made sense to her now. Where else would death-worshipers feel more at ease and powerful than among the graves of the dead? She had not even thought to look to the earth.
"How do we enter these passages?" she demanded.
"According to the densitometer, one of them comes up inside the church. It's probably hidden, but I know where to look," he answered.
Maeve bounded into the darkened Church of Nihil. Coldhand followed warily.

Chapter 28:
Star and Stone

"Bravery and cowardice are only a single step apart. One towards that which you fear or one step away."
- Serra Duston, Hadrian philosopher (451 MA)

The entrance to the catacombs was hidden amongst piles of rubble and covered with one of the many jagged sheets of fibersteel. Coldhand, with some help from Maeve, pulled it aside. They dragged it slowly to minimize the noise and tensed at every shrill scrape of metal on stone. The hidden passage was less than fifty feet from the slab that Maeve had slept on only a few nights ago. How had she overlooked it?
Beneath the sheet of metal was a rough hole that opened up into darkness. Coldhand unclipped a short flashlight from his belt, switched it on and shined it down into the tunnel. It was a sheer drop, but only five or six feet down. The sides of the entrance were braced with the same stone and metal that made up the rest of the black cathedral.
The bounty hunter motioned towards the hole with his long-chambered Talon-9. Maeve curled her wings tightly against her spine and slipped down through the opening and into the tunnel. Her bare feet came down on earth packed by the passing of countless feet. She stepped back and waited for Coldhand to follow. He dropped in after her and landed softly in a crouch, shining his light down the passage.
They were at the top of a sloping ramp of packed dirt, sand and stone. Maeve and Coldhand followed the incline down, where it opened up into a broad tunnel. It was surprisingly large, twice as tall as a human and just as wide. The walls were lined with rough, uncut stone, uniformly muted russet in color. The rocks had probably been dug up in the process of excavating the tunnels, Maeve thought. The only illumination was the narrow beam offered by Coldhand's flashlight. The still, stale air was secretive and close. Though the tunnel was expansive enough to spread her long wings almost fully, the princess felt cramped. She shuddered.
Coldhand mistook her discomfort for fear. "Let's move," he said in a hushed voice. "We won't be down here long."
Was that reassurance in his voice? Maeve nodded and crept down the tunnel, the bounty hunter close behind. She weighed his tone as she made her way down into the earth. It was ludicrous to think that the machine-hearted hunter might feel fear, but even his voice was tight around the edge. Prians were almost as avian a race as the Arcadians, she reminded herself. Their world was one of open skies and high mountains. Maeve doubted that Logan was any more comfortable down here under the ground than she was.
At the bottom of the sloping ramp, the tunnel split, opening up into one of the sides of the star. Coldhand led them down the left hand side, towards the center. He stalked beside her, his hands full of weapons and light. She kept her spear held loosely in the hand furthest from the bounty hunter. The tunnel angled back towards the graveyard where Maeve had labored to bury a man only a day prior. The floor was strewn with rocks, some fallen from the walls and ceiling, others simply never pulled up in the first place. Footing was difficult, but not impossible. The pair moved on slowly.
Maeve mourned her lost opportunity as they picked their way down the tunnel. What had she done? Logan had finally been pressed into killing her to keep her from dying at the Nihilists' hands. After a hundred years, she finally had a chance to die in battle. Was one child worth losing that opportunity? Gods only knew when it would come again. Perhaps, if Anslin willed it, she would die here in the catacombs of Gavriel's congregation. But if that happened, who would take young Baliend back to his waiting mother and father? Coldhand? Could he be trusted with such a precious obligation?
A soft sound wafted up from the depths. Music, hundreds of voices raised in song. It was discordant, but eerily beautiful. Maeve cocked her head to catch it and gently stopped Coldhand beside her with her uninjured wing.
"Do you hear that?" she whispered.
He listened for a moment and shook his head. Coldhand's sweat-damp blond hair stuck to his pale face. Maeve strained to make out individual voices, but the tunnels distorted the sound, bouncing it back and forth from stone to stone. How many of the Nihilists were singing in the depths under the graveyard? How many were still out in the tunnels, protecting the heart of their strange catacombs from intruders? If Gavriel was as supremely confident as Duaal suggested, would he even bother with such mundane precautions?
"What're they singing?" Coldhand asked under his breath. He was concerned about being overheard, too.
Maeve listened to the words before answering. They were difficult to make out. "The words I cannot hear, but they are not of your tongue," she said at last. "The Nihilists sing in Arcadian."
"Why?"
"I have no idea," Maeve said, shaking her head. There were many Arcadians among the Nihilists, but she heard heavier voices, too.
Maeve pulled her wings back and together to keep them from scraping the walls of the tunnel. The pair continued down into the black shadows. The tunnel was dropping down again. They traveled in silence, but the faint song grew louder as they descended. By the time the tunnel floor had leveled out, even Coldhand could hear it. He listened as he stalked along next to Maeve. The discordant melody was making her ears buzz and there was a dull pain throbbing just behind her eyes. It was hard to concentrate.
"Can you discern the words?" Maeve asked Coldhand softly.
The Prian nodded.
"Tell me."
"Ish-ah shay vah-ree lay mar-na-veh," he repeated slowly. "Ear-ah air-oo en-are-ee."
"Isha shae varii lae Marnavae. Eira eru enarri. In the darkness, the Nameless Lady waits. In the stones lie those she loves," Maeve translated in a shocked hiss. "That song is profane! It is a prayer to the death goddess. Such worship has been forbidden since the days of Cavain."
"Just because it's illegal doesn't mean it hasn't happened. You have no idea how long this has been going on. The Church of Nihil is a death cult, after all, and probably not the first one."
"We have not traveled to this place to understand Gavriel's twisted mind! I do not care what they sing, only that we get Baliend and leave," she fired back.
The look he shot back clearly accused Maeve of starting it, but he said nothing. She was formulating a sharp retort when Coldhand froze. He swiftly flicked the light off and plunged the passage into thick, inky darkness. This time, it was the hunter that barred his companion's way.
Coldhand thrust his cybernetic arm out, catching the princess across the chest and shoved her back against the rocky tunnel wall. She was about to protest, but he clapped his metal hand across her mouth. Since he was still holding the dark flashlight, Maeve mostly ended up with a mouthful of plastic. She could have turned it back on with her tongue.
The hunter pointed silently down the burrow with his Talon. Maeve realized that she could see his hand and followed the gesture. Ruddy, flickering light was coming around a corner far ahead, growing steadily brighter. She had been too busy arguing with Coldhand to notice, but Erris had smiled on her  the bounty hunter was not so easily distracted. Maeve nodded her understanding. Coldhand felt the gesture and released her.
A human man rounded the corner, struggling with an old, dented lighter. The inconstant light illuminated a deeply seamed face, worn black robes and a blocky NI rifle slung over his back. A light had been taped to the top and shined up at the tunnel ceiling. The Nihilist was trying to light a bent cigarette in his teeth. Finally, it caught and the man slipped the lighter back into his pocket. He took a long pull and contentedly exhaled a cloud of acrid smoke.
"God love ya, Lord Gavriel," he rasped hoarsely. "God love ya."
The man continued down the tunnel towards them. Coldhand raised his laser pistol, but Maeve put her hand lightly atop his and shook her head. Since Logan had never had the sound generator disabled, the Talon would be loud. He cast a significant glance at the princess' spear and she nodded. It would be quick and deadly, giving the Nihilist no chance to raise an alarm.
The Arcadian knight bounded through the shadows and leapt on the unprepared human. Too late, he reached for his rifle, but Maeve brought her spear around in a glittering slash. Gurgling and clutching his slit throat, the Nihilist sank to the earthen floor. Blood sprayed from between his fingers for a moment as he thrashed, then he was still.
Maeve and Coldhand continued down the tunnel. The singing grew louder as they made their way towards the center of the catacombs.
______

Kessa was in the medical bay with her mate, watching over him helplessly. In the Blue Phoenix's cockpit, Xia and Gripper squeezed together, peering over Tiberius' shoulder. Duaal sat in the copilot's chair, looking pale, frightened and very young. The grizzled captain leaned over the communications console, trying to stare down a dark-skinned man of middle years on the screen. Tiberius banged his fist on the panel, making Xia jump. His stubbled face had gone purple with rage. The Ixthian doctor worried that his blood pressure would split the hasty stitches in his stomach.
"Look, I'm sorry, Captain Myles, but I'm afraid we can't do anything until CWAAF gets a team mobilized," the other man said placatingly. He adjusted the collar of his sand-colored uniform. "If these Nihil cultists are as dangerous as you say, they're more than the Gharib police department can handle alone. We'll need to wait for military backup."
"Listen here, boy," Tiberius snarled. "Those bastards kidnapped a child. A baby, less than a day old! My first mate is out there with those fanatics trying to get him back. And a bounty hunter is on her tail, trying to grab her! If you don't get her some backup pretty be-damned fast, she is going to die and that baby will be under the care of the Nihilists! Do you have any idea what they'll do to him?"
"Captain, please try to understand," the officer said calmly, sitting back from his screen and spreading his hands, fingers splayed. "The Gharib police budget has been cut again. We've got less than a hundred officers to cover this entire city. There's nothing we can do. Really. The CWAAF can have four squads here from Jharna in two hours. We'll move then, but not before."
"You gutless coward!" Tiberius roared. Gripper gave an audible squeak of fear. "Didn't you hear me? Maeve is out there right now! In two hours, she'll be dead. On Prianus, most cities had less than one cop for every three thousand citizens! And we never  never!  backed down from a fight when civilian lives were at stake!"
The Gharib police officer finally looked annoyed. "In case you hadn't noticed, Captain Myles, this isn't Prianus. This is Stray. We've got our own problem, what with every last piece of rubbish floating our way, including self-righteous old Prian cops! This isn't your backwater little hellworld and I'm not about to send my men out to answer for your primitive sense of honor," he snapped back, so close to the screen that Xia could count the veins throbbing in the man's neck.
Tiberius surged to his feet. Had it not been bolted to the deckplates, he would have bowled over the pilot's chair. He hauled back his fist in preparation to punch the console, but Duaal tugged on his arm. Tiberius grunted and lowered himself slowly back into his seat, holding his stomach and grimacing in pain. The officer on the other end of the video link realized that he had gone too far and spread his hands in a pacifying gesture.
"Look, Captain Myles, I can't do anything to speed up the Alliance army. But if it would make you feel better, in light of your admirable work with the Prian police, I could let you go in with our men once CWAAF arrives. I know you would like to help keep your crewmate safe."
"Please, listen to him," Duaal pleaded in a small voice. He was still holding Tiberius by the arm. "You said yourself that we need to slow down and do this rationally."
"We've seen what those Nihilists are like. We can't just leave Maeve to die!"
Duaal hesitated. For an uncharitable moment, Xia wondered if that was not exactly what the young mage wanted. She was ashamed of the thought. Duaal stared up at the old Prian with nothing but raw fear in his wide green eyes.
"Tiberius, Gavriel's there! Don't go after him," Duaal said. "Please, I don't want to lose you!"
Tiberius was silent, hard-faced and resolved. At last, Duaal let go of him and the old Prian turned back to the impatiently waiting officer on the screen. "Come as soon as you can. You've got the coordinates of the cathedral. I'm going to get Baliend and Maeve back."
"Godspeed. You're going to need all the help He can give you," the other cop said, shaking his head. Then the screen went dark.
"Get to your posts," Tiberius growled to them. "We need to get this bird in the air. That means you, too, Duaal. Light up your controls."
The bleach-blond Hyzaari hesitated. His hands were shaking and Xia could see his pulse racing in the delicate blood vessels of his throat. His eyes were red-rimmed from crying.
"Duaal, not when I'm burning on a pyre! Now!" Tiberius barked.
"Yes, sir!"
Duaal dropped back into the copilot's chair and turned on his instruments. Gripper turned on his heels and hurried down the corridor towards the engine room. Xia followed him as far as the medical bay.
Once inside, she crisply explained to Kessa what was happening as she stepped into the sterile white room. The Dailon nodded and fumbled with the straps affixed to the side of the examination table, pulling them tightly across the unconscious Vyron's chest and legs. Xia began preparing surgical equipment, laying them out on one of the magnetic trays. She doubted that her work was done for the night.
______

"Your time is near," Xartasia hummed in Gavriel's ear. "My debt to you shall be soon paid."
They were standing in the center of an expansive, high-ceilinged underground chamber that threatened to tumble down on their heads at any moment. The entire room stank of carrion. Pale spots speckled the uneven ceiling of the great hollow where the diggers had scraped away the dirt too close to the graves above. Stretches of dry, flaking dead skin and limp, rotting limbs dangled above the Nihilists, swollen and splitting like ghastly, overripe fruit. The air was thick and hot, filled with smoke from the torches carried by the gathered worshipers.
Xartasia stood just behind Gavriel on the earthen dais, robed and hooded in fine ivory silk, stitched in silver. Her luminescent white wings were spread, arcing high over her head in taut anticipation. All around them, supplicants sang the words she had taught them, a song of power from the eldest days of Arcadia.
Before him was a waist-high block of stone that seemed starkly out of place in the rough-hewn chamber. It was smooth, glistening white, polished to a mirrored sheen. Carved into every perfectly flat face was an eight-pointed star, chiseled deeply into the snowy alabaster. It had taken fifteen sweating, grunting Nihilists to carry the altar from the Oslain'ii, Xartasia's ship. One had crushed his leg under the great weight of the stone before it had finally been delivered to the catacombs.
Gavriel marveled at the bleak beauty of his following: a ring of eight red-clad Emberguard around the edge of the dais, a sea of black worshipers beyond. Hundreds of pitiful upturned faces, all watching their master with blind, loving reverence.
"Cavain's wandering found the worlds too wild," Xartasia intoned. Her lips brushed his ear, close as a lover. He knew the words of her song very well. They were newer than the praise to the Nameless Lady chanted by his congregation, but still far older than any prayer of the core races. The song was no spell, but nevertheless held great power, instructions in courting the favor of the Arcadian royalty. The princess' voice was sweet and seductive, warm and inviting.
 
"Cavain's wandering found worlds too wild
Overgrown and torn by the tides
All lives lived in fear of the flame
Only ashes left behind the fae of fire
 
To his side, Cavain called the wild herd
To learn the order of the god
To raise great cities of crystal
But the pyran would not heed his kindest word
 
Two hundred eighty-eight days of light
Will be desired by a Night
If you would dare lay claim to the right
To ask a gift of the White
 
"Years ago, you paid your respects for an Arcadian year, in accordance with the Lay of Cavain," Xartasia said, caressing Gavriel's sunken cheek with her porcelain fingers. "For two hundred eighty-eight days, you came before me with songs and gifts."
"I never begged," he said, his back straight and chin held high on his old, weak neck.
"You never begged," the twilight-eyed fairy agreed. "But when the year was gone, you asked your gift, as was your right. You desired power. I taught you the secrets of our crafts, the magic of the outer worlds."
"I was too old, a grown man who had learned to think for myself," said Gavriel.
"Too set in your ways," whispered Xartasia gently.
"I couldn't call the spells alone! I needed a young mind to do it, one clever enough to understand the different laws, clear of thought but malleable. One who wasn't already set in his own mind. It took me years to find him, more to train him and mold him into a proper tool for my will. And then he ran away! He shouldn't have had that much of his own will left!" Gavriel said harshly.
"My teachings were to blame," Xartasia consoled him. "I did not foresee such trials."
"Yes."
"Until I have taught you the power to stand alone and call upon the physics, to feel the ecstasy as creation itself obeys your will, my debt to you remains, Gavriel."
"Yes!"
"Let all debts tonight be paid," she sang, kissing Gavriel's withered cheek.
He gestured to Elsa, who was kneeling at the foot of the dais. She held a squalling, squirming bundle to her ample bosom. The baby screamed as loudly as his infant lungs could sustain, but the chorus of Nihilists smothered his wails. The scarlet Emberguard parted to let Elsa pass. A short Arcadian woman with a disheveled yellow braid was trying to push forward, as well, but Gavriel's Emberguard shoved her easily back into the crowd.
"Lord Gavriel! I carry news from Seon"
"Be silent, anai'i! Greater words than yours wait to be spoken tonight. Your news shall wait," Xartasia hissed, pointing a perfect white finger at the other fairy.
The blonde Arcadian fell instantly silent, stepped back and melted away into the throng of singing Nihilists. Elsa made her way across the packed earth and held up the Dailon baby to her master.
"You won't hurt him, will you?" she dared to ask.
Gavriel smiled at the Mirran woman. "I will deliver this child into the same blessed fate that I wish on the rest of creation," he assured her.
Elsa beamed trustingly at Gavriel and left to rejoin the other Nihilists. She looked back at him once, hopeful and happy, and then vanished into the crowd. Gavriel laid the crying baby on the white stone altar and Xartasia softly sang instructions into his ear.

Chapter 29:
Rune and Ruin

"Love is the name given to the exquisitely nameless."
- Alander LiSalle, Kahli artist (165 PA)

The tunnel widened again as Maeve and Coldhand turned down one passage and then another. Of the two, only the hunter had seen the layout of the catacombs, hazy and indistinct on his instruments. He wordlessly pointed left, right, and left once more. Maeve's sense of direction had abandoned her as soon as she left the sky behind.
Without Coldhand, Maeve would have been lost. The thought gave him some satisfaction. For a year, she had been playing games with him, taunting him and luring him to her own ends. That he had only realized it tonight almost irritated Coldhand.
Almost.
He should have seen it before. How had he missed it? Easy Because she played on his emotions, insulting him and trying to make him angry enough to act rashly. Such tactics had never worked against him, of course, and so he had never paid any attention to them.
It was always easy to ignore the taunts, pass them off as his mark's last acts of bravado. Before Cavainna, the criminals he hunted had often begged for their lives, insulted him, wept and screamed. The marks he would take after the Arcadian princess would probably do the same. Coldhand had come to expect it from those he hunted, so it had been easy enough to ignore and even to overlook Maeve's passionate ploy. But why, after a year of such exchanges, did he see it now?
The flashlight was off and clipped to his belt again. Orange light illuminated the broad tunnel they stalked down, probably reflected out from the same place as the strange, broken Arcadian song. The chanting had risen to a roar. Whether because they were that close to the source or because the singers were singing louder now, Coldhand didn't know.
Despite the broad tunnel, Maeve was walking close beside him, her wing brushing his shoulder. She was trembling. She was clearly unnerved by the tons of earth and stone pressing down on them from all sides. In spite of the oppressive, close heat, her white skin prickled with goose bumps, clearly visible through the nearly transparent remains of her flame-colored dress.
Coldhand was reminded again of just how small the princess was. Even the crest of her feathered wings only reached his shoulder. The hunter did not doubt that he could snap her slender body in his hands. How could such a tiny woman commit genocide? Not alone, surely. She was a beautiful and eloquent woman, Coldhand could admit without the faintest stir in his heart or groin, but hardly enough to stir an army into drastic action. So how had she done it? Why did he keep asking?
The passageway ended abruptly, opening up into the massive central chamber. Maeve and Coldhand pressed themselves back against the tunnel wall, hiding behind a pile of discarded tailings. They peered together over the jumble of dirt and rocks.
Cut into the dirt a few yards from their feet was a crude set of stairs, leading down from the mouth of the tunnel into the vast chamber. It was filled with people of every race. Hundreds of them, packed shoulder-to-shoulder. A few recent additions to the church still wore more ordinary clothes, but they made up only a tiny fraction of the crowd. Most wore the ankle-length black robes and almost half had white wings furled tightly against their backs in the close quarters.
Peering over their heads, Coldhand could make out a raised dais. His blood ran cold when he saw the ring of red-robed Nihilists gathered at the base. Emberguard, at least eight of them.
With an effort, Coldhand wrenched his gaze up from the Emberguard to the top of the dais. Two figures stood on the top, neither one of which he recognized. One was an Arcadian, swathed in glittering, rich white clothes that could not disguise her slight but distinctly feminine curves.
The other was a thin, ancient-looking human man of indeterminate lineage. Despite his fragile-looking body, he held himself with rigid poise. He had to be Gavriel, founder of the Church of Nihil. His long hair was a yellowed white, like old paper. His skin was sallow and unhealthy-looking. Unlike his fairy companion, Gavriel wore the same faded black robes as the rest of his followers.
"We have gathered here under the graves of those blessed to move on. Under their perfect, blank gaze, unknowing of pain and suffering," Gavriel said in a deep, rich voice. Coldhand was taken aback to hear such a powerful voice issue from such a skeleton of a man. The singing immediately subsided. "We have gathered here to further our noble goal of bringing that peace to the worlds. The peace of death!"
"An end to all suffering," murmured the crowd raptly.
"The stars are alive with the voices of those who would oppose us, speaking to us from Axis, the heartworld of the corrupted Alliance. Their perfumed lies try to cover the stench of decay, of the terrible disease that overwhelms worlds! They don't care about how much you suffer, the pain you are in, only profiting off the sweat and blood of your labors! The devils of the Lyceum would have you writhe in endless agony for their expensive entertainments, but I want something better for my children."
"Deliver us from suffering!" the Nihilists begged together in one ragged cry.
"Help us!" cried another, raising imploring hands to his master that were covered in cracked, oozing sores.
"I'm only one man. An old man, bent with age, unable to raise more than a single feeble voice against them," Gavriel told them sadly. His voice did not sound very feeble to Coldhand. "Until this moment, I have had little to offer you, my beloved children, but my love and the scant hospitality of my church. Tonight, that will change!"
He held up the tiny, naked blue shape of Vyron's infant son in his bony, age-spotted hands, showing him to the gathered Nihilists. Everyone in the room was breathlessly still. The only sound was Baliend's wailing. Beside Coldhand, Maeve tensed. He could almost feel the hot waves of rage pouring off of her. She was like a fire. The princess half lunged out from behind the tailings pile, but he restrained her.
"Why do we wait?" she hissed.
"Because everyone in this entire place is watching that baby, including those Emberguard. They won't let us get anywhere near him," Coldhand said quietly. "We have to wait until we have a clean shot to grab the kid. Besides, don't you want to know what they're doing?"
"I don't care! Why do you?"
Coldhand was saved from having to answer that by Gavriel's booming voice.
"Behold the instrument of our dreams," the old man announced. He looked at the crying child squirming in his grasp with something that looked almost like gratitude  but was something much worse, Coldhand thought  on his emaciated face. "In the days before I raised the Church of Nihil, I was a magus of great power, the only human ever to master the magics of the rim kingdoms. But my magic relied on a tool, a boy that was taken from me!"
"Stop talking, old man. Take the baby and go. Why's he showing off?" Coldhand muttered. Perhaps they could catch him leaving in one of the outer tunnels and take Baliend then. But what if he brought his Emberguard? Cold sweat pricked on the back of Coldhand's neck.
______

"Is this it?" Tiberius asked.
The Blue Phoenix was flying over the Church of Nihil, a brilliant spotlight illuminating the frayed cathedral. Duaal checked his displays. "According to Gripper and Xia, yes," he confirmed.
"Where is she? Where is Coldhand? Where are those be-damned Nihilists? Damn you, Maeve!" Tiberius shouted. He banged his fist on the console, winced and held his hand to the stitched-up hole in his guts. "Find that girl!"
______

"Xartasia has come at my summoning to discharge her debt to me. She will take what I need from this child and leave only a dead shell behind," Gavriel boomed. Behind him, the pristine angelic creature, Xartasia, nodded her hooded head in agreement. There were a handful of angry cries from the gathering, but the roar of approval drowned them out. The few who objected quickly realized they were vastly outnumbered and fell silent.
Maeve choked and spat bile on the dusty ground. "Xartasia!"
"What?"
"It is not a name. It is an oath, and a terrible one. The Dream of Death. Logan, you heard Gavriel's words! We cannot wait! They will kill Baliend!"
Gavriel placed the squirming blue baby on the altar and held his thin hands out to Xartasia. Maeve grabbed Coldhand by the left wrist, not recoiling from the touch of metal under her fingers. Xartasia was pressing a slim glass knife into Gavriel's hand. Cavainna was right: they had run out of time. All chance of catching the Nihilist master away from his followers was gone. By the time they managed to corner him, Baliend would be dead. But they were badly outnumbered. It was suicide.
"Flying out there without any idea of what we're doing isn't going to save Baliend," the hunter snapped. He could barely hear himself over the Nihilists.
"There is no time!" Maeve cried.
She released Coldhand and sprinted to the mouth of the tunnel. Several of Gavriel's devotees turned to see the princess leap into the air, spreading her long white wings and soaring toward the center of the room. She beat them twice, rising until the tips of her feathers brushed the grisly, rotten ceiling of the chamber. The cacophony from the gathering changed tone, rising in rage.
"Give me the child, Gavriel!" Maeve cried, barely audible in the chaos.
Damn her! All she was going to do was get herself killed. How did Tiberius ever manage to keep the fairy under control? The shadows filling the chamber danced and wavered sickeningly in the torchlight. Coldhand inched silently to the top of the stairs leading down into the catacomb's central room. All eyes were on Maeve as she folded her wings and dove at the central dais.
The Emberguard were moving. A thick-bodied Hadrian flung himself between the descending fairy and his master, drawing an angular nanosword from under his robes. Another scarlet-robed Nihilist, a Dailon with a ragged pit in the place of her right eye, placed herself between Xartasia and Maeve. The rest formed up around the platform, braced for battle. Down in the crowd, not everyone was stunned. Several of the Nihilists were freeing weapons from their robes. Knives flashed, ordinary steel and the oily gleam of nanoblades, all manner of guns rising up to take aim.
Maeve was not going to get to Baliend if some cultist shot her out of the air first. She had leapt in too soon. Coldhand yanked his Talon from its holster and fired, not at one of the gun-wielding Nihilists, but at a skeletally gaunt woman holding her torch high and screaming shrilly at Maeve. The wide red laser bolt cut a wide, black-edged bite out of her wrist. She screamed and dropped the torch, clutching her wounded arm.
Her torch tumbled to the dirt floor, but not before smearing burning oil down the arm of the cultist beside her. The fire caught quickly in the tight-packed room. Those not burning were falling as their companions flung themselves to the ground, trying to smother the flames. Some of Gavriel's followers stood still, their eyes glazed even as they steamed in their sockets, and let the flames consume them. The chamber was filled with screams, prayers and thick, stinking black smoke.
______

"I've got something on thermals," Duaal said, pointing at a screen. The image was hazy and distorted, but Tiberius could make out a red bloom of heat. He jabbed his own instrument panel.
"It's behind the church," the captain agreed triumphantly. "What's that interference we've got? I don't see anything down there."
"It's underground. That's why it's so fuzzy," Duaal told him. "There must be something hot down there for us to be picking up anything at all."
"Underground?" Tiberius grumbled. "I hate caves. This is coming out of Maeve's pay! How do we get down there?"
"I have no idea."
______

Gavriel had grabbed the glass dagger from Xartasia's hand and brandished it at Maeve. "I don't know or care who you are, girl, but you'll not take what is mine!" he said.
She was only a few feet away, wings folded back for speed, but a Mirran Emberguard leapt at her with long, powerful legs and bowled the princess out of the air. Both of them tumbled to the ground. Coldhand lost sight of them for the moment in the sea of Nihilists.
The congregation had not overlooked the bounty hunter. A large group was splitting off from the crowd and closing in on Coldhand. At least seven held knives and swords high, half again that number leveling laser weapons and NI guns at him. He ducked a few badly aimed shots, returned a few of his own that dropped three of the death-worshipers, and fell back towards the pile of rubble that had been his hiding spot not long before.
Coldhand waited until the first few Nihilists were running up the stairs, and then kicked a pair of large, heavy rocks off of the tailings mound. The bulky stones rolled down the steps, tripping and chasing the black-robed Nihilists back down the stairs. Coldhand pressed his back against the wall as return fire filled the tunnel mouth with flying laser bolts and bullets.
All around the chamber, the Nihilists were in chaos. Many were screaming in terror, fleeing the still-burning fire and unknown assailants, bolting down the tunnels that spoked out from the central chamber. But a dangerously high number surged forward to protect Gavriel. Several of the Emberguard were fighting back the overzealous throng, spilling at least as much blood as Maeve and Coldhand.
Xartasia slipped around the one-eyed Emberguard, smooth and easy as flowing water. In white-gloved hands, she snatched Baliend from the star-scribed altar and wrapped the squirming baby in her flowing white robes. From the edge of the crowd, there was a burst of white feathers and Maeve came streaking out of the sea of red and black robes towards the dais. She landed in a splay-winged crouch on top of the alabaster block, bloody spear in hand and her lips skinned back from small, white teeth in a furious snarl. The Mirran who had brought her down was chasing her through the congregation, but the Nihilists were packed together into a wall of flesh. Blood glinted dully as the Emberguard cut his way through fellow cultists.
"Give me the child, vaeli'i lai!" Maeve sang piercingly.
"The baby is mine! I'll give you death instead! Which is more than you deserve, interloper," Gavriel thundered. He pointed to her with a long, bony finger. "Kill her!"
The massively muscular Hadrian and smaller Dailon Emberguard advanced on Maeve. From the tunnel, Coldhand swore. It had taken the entire crew of the Blue Phoenix and the hunter to kill one of them. Now Cavainna faced two, a third tearing its way towards her, in addition to the master of the Nihilists and his fairy companion. If he did not help her quickly, Maeve would die.
Coldhand dug the toe of his boot into the earth and kicked the dirt into the faces of three Nihilists charging up the steps. A shot from his Talon into the chest of each one as they recoiled, pawing at their eyes, ensured that they would not rise again. He leapt forward, and grabbed one of the fallen torches before the churned earth could snuff it out. Burning oil seeped down unnoticed onto his cybernetic hand. The bounty hunter ran in a tight zig-zag down the crooked stairs to confound the Nihilists as they shot at him. Coldhand charged at them, swinging the torch like a club and catching one across the temple. The Nihilist, an Ixthian woman whose silvery skin was darkened with disease, fell to the ground with blank eyes. Her white hair sizzled and smoldered in the dirt.
Coldhand swung again as a pair of Lyrans tried to grab for his arms. One fell away, howling as his fur caught fire, but the torch tangled in his robes. Tattered black cloth went up in flames and the canine man lurched away, jerking the brand out of the hunter's hand. Coldhand whirled on the other Lyran and grabbed him by the front of his dirty robes. Another knot of Nihilists was screaming for blood, pointing at Coldhand.
"Catch the life-clinger! Kill him! For Lord Gavriel!"
The bounty hunter shattered the Lyran's knee with a single hard kick and flung the crippled Nihilist aside, skidding and rolling across the dirt, coming to rest groaning at his companions' feet. In their zeal, the charging cultists trampled him underfoot until he laid still, blood turning the dirt floor to dark, sticky mud. In the moments before the Nihilists reached him, Coldhand looked around for Maeve.
On the central stage, she was faring badly. The Dailon Emberguard held her off the ground, blue arms wrapped around the fairy's tiny waist. The Hadrian was swinging his nanosword and there was blood swimming on the mottled edge. Maeve was beating and feinting with her wings and spear, barely managing to keep the huge Emberguard from a fatal cut. Her feathers were flecked with blood and every time the sword rang off her glass spear, she raised it a little slower to fend off the next blow.
Maeve was tiring quickly, already wounded and weary from battling Coldhand, and when her guard slipped, she would die. Coldhand brought up his Talon, aiming just above the Dailon Emberguard's aural hole, where the ear would have been on most other races. Icy sweat dripped from his damp blond hair, stinging in his eye. The gang of Nihilists was a breath away. He did not have a lot of time. Logan pulled on the trigger of the laser. It whined in his ear and a bolt of red light burned across the chamber. The Emberguard dropped to the ground like an empty sack.
Maeve stumbled away from the dead woman, shaking her long bleached hair out of her eyes, but did not have long to recover. The Hadrian stepped over the body without even sparing a glance for his fallen comrade and thrust his nanosword at Maeve's exposed belly. She leapt back over the carved white altar, narrowly avoiding the molecule-fine point, but her legs were tired and trembling with the effort.
Coldhand watched, in a terrible sort of slow motion, as Maeve's heel caught on the corner of the stone and she fell, sprawling on the sandy ground at Gavriel's feet. The ancient mage brandished his wicked glass dagger and smiled grimly at the princess as she struggled to rise. Maeve tried to kick the glittering blade from his hand, but a near-forgotten Mirran Emberguard pounced from the edge of the dais and grabbed her ankles before the Arcadian's strike could connect. Gavriel brought the knife down, burying it to the hilt between the fairy's ribs. He twisted the blade in her chest.
Maeve screamed.

Chapter 30:
Shared Blood

"In honor of Cavain's divine call
Of Aes the cloud-veiled Sky-Dancer
White Kingdom was named the new land
To Cavain was given lordship over all."
- The Lay of Cavain (9,333 MA)

"No!"
The cry rang across the high-ceilinged chamber, freezing everyone in place. Coldhand thought for a moment that it was he who had shouted, but the voice was high, clear and feminine. Xartasia took Gavriel by the shoulder. He shoved her pale hand away. The lovely, white-clad Arcadian would not be so easily dismissed.
"No," she said, almost pleadingly.
Every eye in the expansive room was riveted on the dais. Curiosity on his face, Gavriel stepped back, but did not remove the blade. It jutted from Maeve's pale skin like a slender tombstone. Blood welled up around the blade and ran down her side. Xartasia turned back, looking down.
"Maeve?" Xartasia said in a soft, musical voice that carried across the hushed room. Even Baliend, all but forgotten in her arms, was silent. "By the gods, are you here before me? Your hair I do not understand why you would shed and cover Cavain's divine mark. Yet for that strangeness, I know you."
"I traveled much of the White Kingdom. Many knew me," Maeve gasped. She coughed and blood trickled from the corner of her mouth. "Give me the child!"
Xartasia took a step toward the prone fairy, graceful as a dancer. She slowly lifted one porcelain hand and pushed back her deep hood, revealing her face. Long raven black hair was pinned atop her head in an elegant swirl and her violet eyes shined like amethysts. Coldhand started.
The Arcadian Nihilist was nearly the mirror of the princess that lay bleeding on the earth. Though by no means aged, she looked older. Every soft, youthful line of Maeve's face was stark, sharp and refined in Xartasia's. There was a murmur through the crowd as the Arcadian Nihilists took in the strange sight. Maeve fell back to the earth, her gray eyes wide.
"Titania?" she choked. "Cousin You live? But the royal family was killed when the White Kingdom fell! All except except me"
"Not all, blood of my blood," Xartasia said.
The older princess stood over Maeve, regal and poised in a way his mark had never been in the year Coldhand had known her.
"While you flew north to close the Waygate, I fled with the rest of our race to the human worlds," Xartasia told her cousin.
"Fled? But Titania, our house was commanded by the king himself  your own father!  to stand until the end."
"Our people needed leadership. I could not leave them alone in the barbaric core worlds," Titania snapped, her twilight eyes flashing. "You, too, defied my father's will! You remained in the White City no more than I did, Maeve. The knights would have followed you to the blackened gate, had you not ordered them to stay behind."
"They had to protect the Waygates until our people were gone!"
"Orthain flew by your side, little cousin, to his death," Xartasia said, but it did not sound like an accusation. Her tone was quite conversational, despite the sharp bite of her words. "Our people have ever loved you, Maeve. A princess who became a knight, who pledged herself to the service of the White Kingdom But you flew away to throw your life away in a vain attempt to banish the Devourers from our worlds. You abandoned me. You abandoned our people to chase a futile final hope. Our world was already broken, our people dead and their very bones a meal for the Devourers."
Maeve flinched, pulling away as though the older princess' words were physical blows. Her skin was chalky white, her lips pale and bloodless as she spoke.
"There were whispers that you had survived," Xartasia said gently. "You and Orthain must have somehow banished the Devourers, else you too would have died."
"I have no place to ask forgiveness, Titania. Orthain, my love, died defending me as I sang the spells but I had to go, I had to banish the monsters. It was my doing that brought the Devourers to Arcadia!" Maeve said. Her voice was thin and fragile. The blood still ran down in thick red lines over her sides. "When Caith remained behind to see his love, I opened the Waygate in his stead. In my ignorance, I sang broken spells and called forth the Devourers I brought them into our world. I destroyed the White Kingdom!"
Her gasped words echoed in the still chamber. Coldhand's mouth fell open, at last shocked into understanding. Genocide Two entire races of fairies dead in the rubble of the White Kingdom, nine out of ten Arcadians dead in the battle and Maeve claimed responsibility for it all. Every one of nearly thirty million deaths All because of a single botched spell?
A strange sound filled the room, rising in pitch and volume until the rotted, white-mottled ceiling seemed to shake with it. Titania was laughing at Maeve.
"You? You destroyed the kingdom of my father, Maeve? One knight with one song? You are entirely too arrogant, my very young cousin," she sang in that lovely, sweet voice. "The Devourers killed our people! A cold and uncaring universe let the beauty of Arcadia fall to decay and dust. Unloving and ignorant worlds turned blind eyes to our suffering, casting us down into their gutters to become beggars and whores!"
"The stars are cold," Maeve agreed faintly, plucking weakly at the knife in her stomach. There was a bloody froth on her lips. She blinked her silver eyes and held out an imploring hand to her cousin. "Titania, why why are you here, slandering the ancient spells? What have you done here? How can you be Xartasia?"
"Because the songs of our people have fallen silent, eaten away by the Devourers! I shall have my vengeance for the songless void! I shall give Gavriel power, a path to bring ruin to those who have forsaken us! I will return the universe to beauty, Maeve. I will restore the Great Dance!"
Xartasia held her hand out to Maeve, perfect and white. The younger princess strained, trying to reach for her.
"Take my hand, cousin," Titania offered gently. "Together, we shall stand by Gavriel as he visits death and destruction on the galaxy that has so wronged our beautiful kingdom, killed so many innocent fae, that has tormented you with pain and guilt. The fall of the White Kingdom was not your doing, Maeve. You are forgiven. Come with me and leave your pain behind. You can have peace at last. There shall be justice for all that has befallen our people, and it shall cost so little"
Maeve brushed her shaking, bloodless fingers against her cousin's. She stared up into Titania's inviting, breath-taking purple eyes, but then her gaze fell to Baliend, cradled in the princess' other arm. Maeve wrenched the dagger from her ribs, whimpering with pain, and lurched to her feet.
"I shall take part in no justice that is claimed at such a cost! I have not yet fallen so far that I shall watch an innocent child die!" she cried defiantly. She dropped the dagger to the ground. Brilliant scarlet blood poured from the wound.
Xartasia recoiled, but Maeve was already lunging forward, snatching Baliend from her arms.
"You abandon your people yet again! But this time, your sins shall not go unpunished," Xartasia sang furiously, then turned to Gavriel and took his arm. "Destroy her!"
"Your debt to me will deepen for this," Gavriel said. Xartasia turned away from Maeve, her violet eyes dry and unrepentant.
At some unspoken signal, the Emberguard advanced on Maeve again. She backed away, clutching the baby to her breast, but stumbling badly. There was more of her blood on the ground than left in her body. She was dying, and quickly. The bounty hunter looked up at the brittle, rotted ceiling.
"Maeve! To me!" he shouted.
Cavainna was too confusing now that there were two of the princesses. Maeve turned toward Coldhand, spread her long white wings and heaved herself into the air, gliding falteringly in his direction. Her spear lay discarded on the raised earth behind her. He did not know if Maeve trusted him in her injured state  or at all  but she had no other choice. Maeve landed and stumbled heavily against Coldhand. He put his cybernetic arm around the fairy to support her. She was barely clinging to the baby. Little Baliend was oddly quiescent in her arms, silent despite the rising cries for violence.
Coldhand pointed his Talon-9 up at the rotting ceiling of the chamber, pulled the trigger and held it down. The laser fired, lancing up, but he did not stop. Coldhand raked the beam across the roof, over the dais. A few stones came pattering down, but nothing else happened. The Emberguard and other Nihilists swarmed towards them, murder in their eyes. Maeve was barely standing, supported only by Coldhand's illonium arm. He carved the beam back across the ceiling, angling across his first cleaving burn, cutting through stone and rotting flesh, earth and brittle bone. This time, the room shuddered and gave a low, grumbling groan. Stone grated on stone, screaming as earth gave way and rotten flesh tore apart.
"Move!" Coldhand shouted.
He heaved Maeve up and shoved her towards the closest tunnel. She barely managed to get her feet beneath her. The stream of blood pumping from the deep stab in her side was growing weaker by the second. They were running out of time. Maeve staggered along beside Coldhand as quickly as she could manage. She tripped with every other step, but her grip on Baliend was sure.
They bolted up the stairs just as the chamber lurched and grated with another deafening roar. Earth and decaying corpses rained down on the Nihilists, pouring down from the collapsing ceiling. Jagged chunks of stone boomed as they fell, crushing bodies beneath them and throwing up great clouds of choking dust. The Nihilists wailed in a chorus of rage and panic as they flooded out into the star of tunnels, fleeing the destruction.
"You will live for this!" Gavriel thundered as the earth fell in on him. Xartasia said nothing, only watching her cousin stumble beside Coldhand with unreadable violet eyes.
Coldhand did not stay to listen to Gavriel's threats. The ceiling was coming down, burying the Nihilists alive, but not as quickly as he had hoped. Behind them, pouring out of the crumbling chamber, the cultists were filling the tunnels in every direction. Some thought only of getting away, but many were bent on vengeance. The quarters were too close and they were running too fast to allow the Nihilists to make any effective use of their few guns. They fired off a few shots, but most only burned or buried themselves in the sides of the tunnel. Coldhand ducked them easily and Maeve came away with only a few singed feathers, but the cultists were closing fast on the hunter and his quickly fading mark.
"If you don't move faster, Maeve, you won't have to try to trick me into killing you. They'll do it for me," Coldhand grunted, pulling the fairy along as quickly as he could. But her legs trembled and her knees were like water. She felt so fragile, so tiny and light against him. It was a wonder that this slip of a woman had ever managed to become a knight. A faint, furious blaze kindled in Maeve's eyes, but faded quickly. She hugged Baliend to her and nodded mutely.
They ran through the tunnels, the crowd of Nihilists on their heels. A hurled stone whistled through the air towards Maeve's head. Coldhand swiped the rock out of the air. It shattered against the illonium and fell to the tunnel floor in pieces. He grabbed Maeve as she began to collapse and they ran again.
"Faster, Maeve! They're almost on us."
There, the tunnel bent around one of the angles of the star. They were almost out, not far from the offshoot ramp that led back into the cathedral. Coldhand turned his head to point this out to Maeve, but the fairy was nearly unconscious. The blood leaking from her wound had slowed to a trickle: a bad sign, he knew. She didn't have enough blood left to keep up the pressure. Her heart would be skipping before long, the last spasms before death. He remembered the feeling well.
Coldhand rounded the sharp bend in the passage, supporting Maeve's negligible weight with his left arm. He could just make out the long ramp opening up on the right, but his flashlight was still clipped securely to his belt and the falling sand obscured the Nihilists' torchlight. How could he see? Light was filling the tunnel, flooding from the hole that opened up into the Church of Nihil. What was going on up there?
Distracted by the light, Coldhand almost missed the three crimson shadows moving like ghosts from the other end of the passage. He barely managed to turn aside a falling nanosword on his metal arm, dropping Maeve in the process. She landed in a heap on the ground, arms and wings curled protectively around the baby.
"Titania" she whispered. "A dream"
A pair of humans and an Ixthian loomed up from the darkness, dirt and drying blood streaking their scarlet robes in darkness. Coldhand stood protectively over Maeve, firing off rapid shots, but the power warning was flashing on the side of the Talon. The weapon was not meant for the kind of sustained fire he had used to bring down the ceiling in the central chamber. With a low whine, the laser went dead and dark in his hand.
The Emberguard lost no time leaping on their prey. Hissing and spitting in fury, the Ixthian pounced on Maeve. On the ground, the fairy cracked open her dim eyes and raised her wings to ward off the heavy club the Emberguard wielded. The weapon cracked hard against them and feathers flew into the air. Maeve groaned weakly. She was managing to defend herself and the baby, but she would not be able to keep it up for more than a second or two.
Somewhat more composed than their rabid companion, the two human Emberguard circled Coldhand. He shoved the Talon back into its holster. It would do him no good now. Back the way Maeve and Coldhand had come, the rest of the Nihilists ran up the tunnel, catching up easily now that the Emberguard had halted their progress. Coldhand was trying to keep one of his assailants between himself and the other, but the confines of the passage made it difficult. A woman in black robes leapt at him, a chunk of stone held high. He grabbed her, twisted her arm behind her until she screeched and pitched her at the advancing Emberguard. Without pausing, the scarlet Nihilist cut her down and continued closing on him.
There was no way they could win against such odds, Coldhand thought. Already, another Nihilist was throwing himself at the hunter. There were too many of them, and Maeve could barely defend herself, much less help him dispatch what had to be a hundred cultists descending on them, bent on killing. All he could do was run.
Coldhand dove at the princess, lashing out with his legs. His boot smashed the Ixthian Emberguard in the shoulder, not really hurting her, but pushing her away from Maeve. He scooped up the Arcadian, cradling her against his chest in much the same fashion as she held the infant Baliend. The child lay quietly in her arms, his black eyes huge and trusting. He cooed at the bounty hunter and giggled as one of Maeve's small down feathers drifted down to land on his tiny blue chest. Coldhand heaved to his feet and dashed towards the light.
______

"I've got a tunnel that leads to the surface, captain, but it's full of people," Duaal said, frowning at the computer. The Blue Phoenix's spotlight turned the Church of Nihil into a slab of blinding yellow radiance.
"Is one of them Maeve?" Tiberius asked.
Duaal made a noise of irritation. "I have no idea. There are a few Arcadians down there, but I don't know if any one of them is Maeve. You know our sensors aren't that accurate." He pointed to the Raptor, grounded not far from where the Phoenix hovered. "At least we know where Logan is."
"Who?"
"Coldhand. By God, Tiberius, don't you ever listen? Maeve told us his name."
But Tiberius was not listening. "I hope they kill that honorless son of a cat! I swear, if I ever see Coldhand again, I'll"
Duaal stood suddenly, pointing through the canopy at the ground. Someone was bolting out from the cathedral. He cradled something against his chest, something with long, drooping white wings. "There he is! He's running. The church is swarming with them!"
"He's got Maeve!" Tiberius snarled. Nihilists were pouring out behind the hunter, garbed mostly in black, but pricked here and there with blood red.
"We don't have the time to land," Duaal cried. "They'll be all over him in a second!"
"That church looks rickety, hells of a lot less robust than my bird! We can stop anyone else from coming after them." Tiberius flicked on the internal com. "Everyone get strapped down! We're making an unscheduled landing and it's going to be a rough one."
"Why? Is Shimmer flying?" Gripper said, his voice sounding very small and scared from the speakers.
"No. If something is going to happen to my bird, I want to be the one flying her when it happens," Tiberius growled.
"What's going to?" Gripper began, but the captain turned off the sound.
"What are you doing? We don't have any weapons!" Duaal cried.
In answer, Tiberius reached up and flipped the ignition switches. He looked at Duaal, a bright gleam in his eye. "I told everyone to get strapped in. That means you, too," he said. "I'm taking the old lady down and the church is coming with us!"
He pushed the nose of the ship down, hit the throttle and gunned the engines. Duaal shouted as the cathedral rushed up at them and scrambled for his safety harness. He snapped the buckles in place just as the piled black stone eclipsed his vision and filled the world with thunder.
The Blue Phoenix crashed into the base of one of the steeples with a deafening noise. The nose crumpled with a shriek of metal, but wreaked equal destruction on the spire. Stone and fibersteel crumbled and fell over the ship and through the ceiling of the cathedral. All over the Phoenix, lights blinked, warnings flaring in bright reds and oranges.
Tiberius' head had cracked against one of the panels on impact and a shallow cut was dripping blood down his nose. He cut the engines. The ship creaked and the scream of tearing metal reverberated through the Blue Phoenix as it fell. The wide  and heavy  aft end was abruptly unsupported by the engines. It smashed through the ceiling of the black cathedral, sending tons of rock and steel tumbling down to the ground and sealing the tunnels for now. Duaal was certain he could hear Gripper howling in terror from the engine room in the tail of the ship. Everything was tumbling, falling: the Blue Phoenix, the cathedral The entire world was tumbling in on itself! Duaal closed his eyes and prayed for it to end.
Finally, it did. Tiberius was grunting and unbuckling his harness, turning on the radio again before the Blue Phoenix had even grated to a full stop. "Everyone who can still fight, get down into the hold! We've got to get Maeve back on this bird and she'll probably be bringing uninvited guests."
Tiberius made sure his NI pistol was still in its rig and turned to leave the cockpit. Duaal rose to follow him to the hold. In the doorway, the old Prian stopped and frowned at him. "Where do you think you're going?"
"What? But you said!" Duaal protested.
"Forget that. Listen to what I'm saying to you! I need you up here, Duaal. Once we get Maeve on board, we have to get out of here. Stay here and keep the engines hot."
"Like this? Tiberius, we just crashed into a building! Wasn't that the point? I don't know if we can even fly!" Duaal shouted. "Let me help, let me take out a few of those bastards!"
"All of the sensors are slag now. You'll be flying blind, but I trust you. You stay here, boy! That's an order!" Tiberius said.
With that, he was gone. Duaal slumped in the copilot's chair. Nothing ever changed.

Chapter 31:
Integrity

"Death is the end to all roads."
- Corrien Markav, professor of Dailon Studies, AUM (212 PA)

Tiberius rushed down the stairs and down into the cargo hold. Xia was there, retrieving her pair of light pistols from where they had been hanging since Coldhand delivered Vyron. Had it only been a few hours ago? It seemed like days.
Grimly, the doctor belted her weapons. Kessa was up on the catwalk, cringing and favoring one of her legs, probably banged in the crash. To Tiberius' amazement, Gripper was not up with Kessa, but waiting, trembling by the airlock. He had a long-necked welder clutched in his shaking claws. It was not much of a weapon, but it was all he had.
"So, are we are we going to do this thing or what?" Gripper asked with an impressive display of quavering bravado. "I mean, the airlock is still working fine. I already checked. Let's get out there and do whatever it is we're going to do!"
Xia stood beside Gripper. She smiled at him reassuringly. "How many are out there, Tiberius? I sure hope that crash took out a lot of them. It's going to be expensive to repair."
"I'd guess there's about a hundred of them left out there," Tiberius said, nodding. "The rest are trapped in the cathedral or tunnels. Coldhand's out there and he's got Maeve She wasn't walking on her own. Let's get her on the bird and off the ground. Let the Gharib police and CWAAF mop up here. We're just here for Maeve."
"Got it," Gripper squeaked.
Xia nodded. Tiberius punched the release on the airlock. The inner door hissed open, but the outer one creaked and grated for a moment, straining against tumbled stone and metal. Finally, it too, slid open. The three made their way outside, weapons held at the ready. The scene that greeted them outside could have been taken from one of the popular shows about the end of the worlds.
Everything was tumbled, broken black stone. The spotlight, mounted on the underside of the Blue Phoenix, was smashed and dark. Only the gray moon and a salt-sprinkling of stars lit the ruined cathedral. It looked like an overturned cemetery. Still bodies lay between cracked slabs of stone, both broken and shattered. Far worse were those who had not died, pulling themselves from the ruins of their church with screams and wails of pain. Their eyes burned with fury and a frightening, unknowable kind of bliss to see so many of their comrades lying eternally still.
Two of the walls had tumbled outward in the collision, leaving only one corner of the cathedral still standing. It towered over the wasted scene like a cruel alien god. For a moment, Tiberius feared that Maeve had been caught under the toppled walls.
New shapes appeared, silhouetted against the bloody scarlet sunrise. It was Coldhand, his monstrous metal hand glinting red. He ran toward them, Maeve limp in his arms. There was a broad, dark stain at her breast. Tiberius charged forward, howling in rage.
"You killed her, you bastard! There isn't a hell deep enough for you!" he roared.
Coldhand did not flinch. Tiberius ripped his NI pistol free and pointed it at the younger Prian, but saw that the dark blur was not blood, as he had first assumed, though there was plenty of that smeared over Maeve's ivory skin. It was Kessa's baby, cradled safely against his first mate's chest, somehow fast asleep.
"Why didn't Freezer just take his fighter and run?" Gripper wondered aloud to Xia as Coldhand ran towards them.
"Because your little trick buried it under an entire desert's worth of sand and rock," Coldhand answered, handing Maeve to Gripper. The Arboran dropped his welder and took her, fearfully taking in her colorless skin and shallow breathing.
"She's not dead, Tiberius, but she's close," Xia said.
"Oh, Smoke What happened to you?" Gripper whimpered.
"Same thing that's going to happen to the rest of us if we don't get up in the air," Coldhand said.
Sure enough, the confusion of the crash had bought them a finite reprieve. Not far behind Coldhand, his pursuers were pouring over the rubble. At least two  humans by the look of them  wore the same bright red robes of the Lyran Emberguard that still lay dead in the Blue Phoenix mess. More were finding their way out of the ruins of the church and advancing on them. Tiberius' initial estimate fell well short. A thin line of white laser scorched the stone at their feet, followed by half a dozen NI-thrown slugs that shattered stone and sprayed the Blue Phoenix crew with gravel. There had to be at least sixty Nihilists charging towards them. Only distance saved them and that distance was quickly dwindling.
"Get back!" Tiberius yelled, gesturing over his shoulder to the open airlock. "Get on the Phoenix!"
Gripper and Xia were already pelting back into the ship, the two Prian men close on their tails. Tiberius yanked out his radio. "Duaal! Duaal, get the bird ready to take off!"
"I can't," replied the mage. His voice popped over the com. "I've been trying to get her going since you left. I told you, nothing is working! There's no way to get off the ground!"
"Damn it!"
Tiberius ran through the outer door of the airlock as swiftly as his old, aching hips would allow, turned and slammed it shut. The light beside it cycled from green to red. Sealed. The rest of the crew was already inside. So was Coldhand, he noted ruefully. Xia already had Maeve laid out on the floor, snapping her long fingers impatiently while Kessa ran to get her kit.
"We've damaged my bird bad in the landing," Tiberius said as calmly as he could manage. His deep voice cracked. "We've got the Phoenix sealed and the CWAAF is on their way. We should be safe enough until they get here."
Everyone jumped as a sharp hiss issued from the airlock. A burning smell filled the tense air and the lock began to glow faintly.
"My torch!" Gripper cried.
"They're cutting down the hatch," said Coldhand.
"How long until the Alliance gets here?" asked Xia.
No one could answer. Kessa came down the stairs, taking them two at a time and threw the medical kit into Xia's waiting hands. Duaal was close on the Dailon's heels, studiously ignoring a furious look from Tiberius. Xia flipped open the kit and began spraying the deep wound in Maeve's ribs with antiseptic. The canister hissed, sputtered and died. Xia shook it angrily and tried again, but the can remained stubbornly empty. She frowned and filled a syringe with some sort of drug.
Kessa tenderly lifted her baby from Maeve's limp arms, weeping openly. Baliend yawned and opened his large black eyes to regard his mother. He burbled happily and held out his chubby little blue arms.
"My baby, my boy," she whispered between kisses. "Thank you," she told the unconscious Arcadian.
"Tiberius, it's bad. She's lost a lot of blood and she's losing more. I can't close up the wound or the air will collapse her lung. If we don't get her to a proper hospital in the next half hour, she's going to die," Xia announced.
"No!" Coldhand said. Everyone stared at the hunter, but said nothing.
"I've radioed the Gharib police," said Duaal, breaking the silence. "But they won't be here for at least another hour. They're waiting on the CWAAF and griping about budget cuts."
"Won't anyone come to see what's going on?" Gripper asked. "I mean, there's been a crash! Surely half the city's heard it."
"This is Stray! Half the world is filled with people on the run from something  either criminals or those hiding from them. Trouble here usually means whatever is chasing you finally caught up. No one else interferes. Getting involved means risking getting caught, too," Xia said, not looking up from Maeve. "No one is going to help us unless there's something in it for them."
"So we're on our own until the CWAAF shows up?"
"Yes," she answered.
The airlock sparked and smoke began to curl up from the burning fibersteel. Tiberius closed the inner airlock door. It would buy them only minutes, but he was not ready to die so easily. Kessa was holding her son to her tightly and stroking his tiny thatch of white hair.
"What do we do now?" she asked. Tiberius blinked. The girl did not speak often.
"We can't get this bird off the ground. So we sit tight and defend ourselves until the CWAAF comes to bail us out," he said, sounding as displeased about relying on the Alliance forces as the possibility of fighting off the Nihilists.
"Why can't we fly?" Gripper wondered. He frowned and rubbed his shortened ear, winced and stopped. "I mean, all of the damage should be to the front of the ship, right? All of the engines are in back. There are only sensors and stabilizers in the front. We should be fine to fly, if kind of wobbly and blind."
"Nothing is working. The computer said something about a field integrity compromise and shut everything down," Duaal told him.
Gripper raised his claws. "Why didn't you say that in the first place?" he cried.
"Does it matter?" Duaal asked skeptically.
"Does it matter? By the Green, yeah, it does! It means that something's happened somewhere in the NI feed lines."
"But those fields don't engage unless we're in SL," Duaal argued. "They shouldn't be stopping us now!"
"Anandrou's right. Trying to fire up the SL drives when the NI fields aren't working would tear a bird apart. The computer systems are designed to keep you grounded until they're working," said Coldhand.
Gripper did not look comforted by the bounty hunter's agreement. "Yeah, pretty much what Freezer said."
"So can't you root around in the computer and stop it? I don't intend to fly back to Axis, just out of here! Tell the computer that!" Tiberius demanded.
"Claws, it's just not that easy! It's a major priority, not even in the computer command. It's hardwired into the system. It'd take forever for me to dig down and change it, if I even could! It's designed so it's not easy, so people don't die when they're impatient for NI repairs," Gripper protested.
"But the NI lines don't run to the beak of the ship," Coldhand commented. "They shouldn't be damaged."
"Yeah, I know. But like I said, the computer core and sensors are all up there. One of them is probably damaged or broken and reading the data from the NI generators wrong."
Tiberius stared at the airlock. The air was growing rank with burning metal. The Nihilist must have gotten through the outer doors and were working on the inner ones.
"Can you fix it?" Duaal asked.
"I I guess I might be able to," Gripper replied. "There's an access hatch on the outside of the nose. If I can get it open, I can probably repair the sensors enough to convince the computer to let us go. If it's even a sensor problem If the computer itself is damaged, it's going to be weeks of repair."
"How're you going to get out?" Kessa asked.
"I'll go out the hatch that old Red-and-Dead broke in through. That Emberguard guy," Gripper explained. "I I need someone to cover me. I'm not sure I can do it quiet enough to keep the guys outside from noticing and I really don't want to die."
Coldhand and Tiberius looked at each other.
"I don't trust you, boy," the captain growled. "You're staying right next to me."
"Fine," Coldhand answered with a shrug. He looked at Maeve lying still and pale on the floor. "I'm not letting her out of my sight, anyway."
"Well, someone's got to cover Anandrou. You're coming with me, Coldhand," Tiberius said.
"No. I'm staying right here, with Maeve."
"We don't have time to argue about this," Duaal interjected before the older Prian could snarl a response. "I'm going with Gripper. You two should be here, with Kessa and Vyron and the baby. And Maeve. Better to keep more of our warriors here where there are more lives to defend."
Coldhand narrowed his eyes, but didn't argue. Tiberius did. "Not a chance in the hells, Duaal! You're staying right here. Xia can go!"
"She's the only doctor we've got! She needs to stay here with Maeve. I'm going!"
"I'm ordering you to stay!" Tiberius thundered.
Duaal turned away and gestured to Gripper. "Let's go," the mage said.
With an apologetic look back at the angry captain, Gripper followed Duaal up the stairs and out of the hold.
______

"That boy! Why do I have a bird full of hard-headed young chicks?" Tiberius railed, shaking his fist after the departed Duaal.
"You hired them," Coldhand reminded him coolly. The old cop was getting himself entirely too worked up over one stupid boy. If Sinnay was as overconfident and foolish as he seemed, he would die. It would be his own fault. "Get that gun ready, they're almost through the airlock."
"I didn't hire Duaal," Tiberius said, but drew his NI pistol. "Let's make this good and loud. I can only pray they'll be paying more attention to us than Duaal and Anandrou."
"Pray all you want, but no one is listening."
"How can you say that, Coldhand?" The question came from Kessa, standing behind the two men. She was looking at the hunter accusingly and holding her tired baby to her. "I prayed for Him to help me on Axis. And He gave me a miracle. I met you and Maeve there. It's even more of a miracle, I'm learning, that you two didn't carry on merrily with killing each other instead of bringing me to this ship. You brought my Vyron back to me. I thank God every day for you and for Maeve and for what you've done for me. In spite of yourselves."
Coldhand narrowed his eyes at Kessa. "I'm starting to regret that choice," he said frostily.
Kessa stared back defiantly. There was a resounding clang as a blackened scrap of fibersteel fell to the floor, the edges red and glowing with heat. It would be only moments before the Nihilists were inside. Kessa and Xia jumped.
"Shouldn't we move Maeve?" asked Kessa.
Xia shook her head. "No. She's already in bad shape. There's air in her chest and it's putting pressure on her lungs. She shouldn't have been running around with that knife wound, but I guess there wasn't anything else to do. If we move her, we risk tearing the wound wider or getting more air in there. Her lung will collapse."
"But what if someone you know, steps on her? Or hurts her?"
Xia wiped a bloody bubble from Maeve's lips with a folded piece of gauze. She closed her case and stood, resting her six-fingered hands on the handles of her guns. They were shaking, Coldhand saw, but none of the quaver made it to the Ixthian healer's voice. "We'll just have to keep that from happening," she said calmly.
"We?"
"Xia and I. And that traitor over there, I guess," Tiberius answered, pointing to Coldhand with his out-thrust jaw.
"I need a new cell for the Talon," he said, ignoring the insult. "Mine's dry."
"I don't keep cells for those. I passed my Talon on when I retired," Tiberius retorted. "Like any proper officer would."
The hunter nodded once, but his eyes were on the airlock. There was a spit of blazing white as the Nihilists finally cut through the lock, followed by a heavy thunk as the bolt was pulled back. Kessa squeaked in fear.
"Why don't you take Baliend and go back to the medbay with Vyron?" Xia suggested. "Close the door and lock it. Hurry, go!"
"I want to help," Kessa said.
"You'll help best by getting out of here."
Kessa turned and ran up the stairs, clutching her son to her, and vanished into the ship. Xia turned to Coldhand, flipped one of her laser pistols in her hand so that she was grasping it by the slender reflection chamber. She held it out to the hunter and he took the offered weapon. It was a light weapon, but it was better than nothing. Xia nodded at him once. Coldhand stood protectively over Maeve as the door grated in its tracks and then ground open.
______

"Come on, hurry!" Duaal hissed.
"I thought you said to be quiet," Gripper said despairingly.
"Hurry and be quiet."
The Arboran was walking gingerly along a narrow ridge leading up to the nose of the crashed Phoenix. The ledge was only a few inches wide and it was at least twenty feet to the ground below.
It was not the drop that frightened Gripper. He was born on a world of trees that towered starscraper-high above the earth, and had he not fallen from the utmost branches to find the strange gate that brought him to the Alliance worlds? But the Nihilists swarmed beneath them, charging through the jaggedly broken walls of the cathedral to claim vengeance from those hiding inside. They were yelling to one another, screaming that their master was dead, others that he was still alive and calling for the heads of his enemies. Worst of all were the ones who laughed and smiled, pointing to the cooling bodies of those dead in the crash and telling one another how much they looked forward to joining them. Gripper held tightly to the hull of the Blue Phoenix, willing himself to move silently. Tiberius would be furious when he saw the new claw marks.
Just ahead, Duaal edged around the ship slowly, as well. Everything was slippery with the new coat of phenno and even the nimble Hyzaari boy was having difficulties traversing it. He was carrying Gripper's tools in a scuffed box that balanced on his shoulder and struggling to maintain his balance. How long before one of the Nihilists looked up and saw them?
The footing grew more treacherous as they neared the front of the Phoenix. The nose was crumpled and smashed like paper. Gripper and Duaal had to walk in between long sensor spars, many broken or badly bent. Their walkway was torn away in several places, requiring the mage and engineer to leap the gaps. After what seemed like hours, Gripper crouched beside a rumpled fibersteel panel and gestured for Duaal to stop.
"Here it is."
"Doesn't look too good," Duaal commented.
"Neither does the rest of the ship, Shimmer," said Gripper.
The metal was cracked and crumpled alarmingly. He tugged on the handle of the access hatch. It groaned, but did not open. The two young men froze, but the Nihilists below had taken no notice. There was no way the panel was opening in a civil manner. Gripper took a steadying breath, sank his thick fingers into the fibersteel and tore the panel off. He winced as it shrieked in metallic protest, but he still heard no change in the commotion below to indicate that the Nihilists might be swarming up to kill them.
Duaal balanced the tool case on a flattened sensor spar and leaned over the ledge, staring down at the Nihilists below. "Gripper, hurry! They've cut the airlock open! There isn't much time," he said.
The Arboran risked a glance downward and gasped. "By the Green There are so many," he said despairingly. How could they possibly survive this? Even if he did get the NI lines straightened out, Tiberius would be taking off with a ship full of Nihilists who outnumbered them at least ten to one.
Duaal must have been reading his mind. "Gripper, come on! Logan and Tiberius might be able to keep too many of them from getting inside, but they won't be able to keep it up for long!" he urged.
"Right," Gripper said and turned back to the now open panel.
______

"Aim for their legs," Coldhand said as the airlock slammed open to reveal a sea of wild eyes and black robes. "Make them climb over each other to get in. It'll buy us some time."
Xia winced at his brutal advice, but said nothing. Tiberius only nodded in assent. Most every being in the worlds was ready to throw principles to the wind to survive, Coldhand noted with chilly satisfaction. The doctor and the honorably retired officer were just as willing to maim the oncoming Nihilists as the loathed bounty hunter was. They had dropped their ship on top of hundreds of them. Honor was dead, like the countless men and women who had fallen defending it.
He looked down at the pretty, fragile fairy at his feet. Was it really just survival? Was honor truly dead? They would fight to the death to protect Maeve. Was there honor in that?
Maeve herself had gone into the belly of the earth to bring back a baby that wasn't even Arcadian when all she wanted in the worlds was to die for her crimes against her people. Why? Love drove her to open a Waygate with spells she did not understand. Honor drove her back to Tamlin while the rest of her race fled. Honor had dedicated her to her own destruction, a suicide she believed was the only justice for her perceived crimes. Honor drove her beneath the graves of madmen to bring back a single child. Coldhand brushed his unfeeling cybernetic hand against her cheek. The princess was cold. Her breathing was heavy and labored. For the sake of honor, Maeve lay dying.
Coldhand straightened as the swarm of Nihilists screamed for blood and charged into the bay. It had been a strange day.
______

"No! I don't believe it!" Gripper wailed.
"What is it?" Duaal asked.
The mechanic pointed to a line of carefully bundled red and white wires. They ran through a bracket fixed to one of the supports. A small light set into the metal glowed a contented green.
"The lines are perfectly fine! They're clear, Shimmer. It's the computer that's broken. Either the computer core is busted or the cables aren't reaching the engines," Gripper howled. Suddenly, it didn't seem to matter if the Nihilists heard him. They were all dead!
"So fix it!" Duaal snapped.
"Weren't you listening before? I can't, Shimmer. I can't fix the entire computer. It'll take days of work to find the problem and more to fix it. There's nothing I can do! Nothing!"
Gripper leaned against the hull of the Blue Phoenix and covered his eyes. It was all over. Over. In spite of everything they had tried, it was over.
______

Kessa tiptoed quietly up to the cockpit. Shouts and screams and the roar of weapons' fire echoed up from below. She wanted to cry.
Xia thought that Kessa was going back to the medical bay to spend her last moments with Vyron, but the Dailon just couldn't do it. These people had given so much, worked so hard for a total stranger. Kessa could not bring herself to just abandon them. Even more than she wanted to weep, she wanted to help. Besides, her baby's and her mate's best chance for survival was getting them somehow away from the mad cultists that were even now swarming into the Blue Phoenix.
No one is going to help us unless there's something in it for them.
She sat down in the big pilot's chair. Tiberius was a large man and Kessa felt engulfed by his seat. Baliend seemed to sense her worry. He cried quietly in tiny, hiccuping sobs. Kessa rocked him absently and crooned assurances. Everything would soon be better, if she had anything to say about it! The copilot's screen was still flashing a red message:
 
NI field integrity compromise
Action aborted

Kessa searched around the maze of controls and sensors, readouts and displays, biting her lip until she found what she was looking for. She turned on the radio and saw with some relief that it was still set to the frequency for the Gharib police. She turned it on. The video was turned off, but she still had sound.
"Hello? My name is Kessa. I'm aboard Captain Myles' ship, the Blue Phoenix," she said.
"An hour at least and that's the best we can do! Don't you get it? We just don't have the resources to expend on this!" said a harried-sounding male voice on the other end.
Kessa swallowed hard and hoped Maeve would not be too angry with her when this was all over. If she lived. "I know. Look, I want to help you. There's someone here on this ship. Her name is Maeve Cavainna. Look up her bounty."
She gave the man on the other end a moment. She was rewarded with a gasp and an exclamation. "Thirty-five thousand? Oh, my God. And you say she's on your ship? And she's alive?"
"But she'll be dead in twenty minutes. If you want the full bounty, you'll have to hurry," Kessa barked with all the maternal authority she could summon.
"That's that's a lot of money. This is a private posting. But why would you turn in someone on your own ship? I don't get it."
"You don't have to. Just do it!"

Chapter 32:
Paid

"Freedom isn't the things we can do, but the things we must do."
- Lyran proverb

"Titania was right. It was not your doing, sister," the dream-Caith said, smiling at Maeve.
They sat together in the west garden of the Blooming House. Delicately perfumed roses in blushing pink hemmed the grassy paths to either side. Gold- and ebony-striped bees hummed as they danced between the blooms, harvesting pollen with gentle precision. In the fall, the dryads would visit their hives and gather the rich amber honey to make the mead for the Snowmelt Festival. There was no sweeter drink in all the worlds than those brewed by the fairies of the White Kingdom.
"You cannot take the fault on yourself any more than I can, Maeve," Caith told her. He put his soft white wings around his sister. "You opened the Waygate out of love for me. I should never have asked you to go in my stead, to do my duty for me. We both made mistakes but they do not make us monsters."
Caith was fading like the silvery morning mist. Maeve reached for him, but her questing fingers closed on nothing.
"I love you, Caith. Please, do not go!" she cried.
"Sister, I am already gone."
Maeve wept.
______

There were two shadows beside her bed, leaning over her protectively. Maeve tried to speak, but there was something in her throat  a ribbed tube. The shades stared at one another across her bed. The room seethed with violent potential.
"She's going to live, but it was damnably close," said the one on the right.
The other shadow nodded.
"You got her out alive. That's hells of a lot more than most would've done in your place. You could have died yourself. Why did you do it?" the first asked.
"She was my mark."
The shadows were quiet for a long time. The tube in her throat pushed scrubbed air into Maeve's lungs. Needles pumped liquefied nutrients into her veins. One of the dark, indistinct silhouettes spoke again in a voice thick with barely restrained rage.
"If I ever see you again, there's going to be blood, Coldhand. Saving Maeve once will never make up for everything you've done."
The Logan-shadow said nothing.
The oxygen pump hissed and pushed another lungful of sterile air. The bags on the stands beside her bed gurgled quietly as they emptied their dissolved contents into her blood. Maeve's eyes felt heavy. She fell back into uneasy sleep and let the machines live for her.
______

"I was arrogant," she said. Maeve's eyes were dry now, but the sandy feeling behind her eyelids told her that they had not been that way for long. "I thought that I could open the Waygate without the proper training. I killed them all."
The grass was gone. She and Orthain stood atop one of the tall crystal spires overlooking the city, a jigsaw of ivory and silver that glittered in Aes' bright light. The citadel, hereditary home of Cavain's line and the heart of the entire White Kingdom, burned with blinding golden radiance in the distance. Maeve slitted her eyes against the brilliant glare. Something was wrong There was a dark stain on the city, like a bruise upon the perfectly wrought glass of her home. It was spreading.
"Titania was right, enarri," Orthain gently reprimanded her. "We still do not understand how the Devourers came to our world, not truly. You know that the Waygates lead only one way. Nothing should have been able to come through the gate. The world cannot fault itself when a star comes crashing from the heavens onto him."
"You know it is not the same," Maeve sighed. She leaned against the cool, unyielding glass of Orthain's armor.
"No, but it is close. All of this, all of the death and smoke It was not your doing, enarri."
"I love you, Orthain."
"As I love you, Maeve. But I am not the only one who loves you."
______

Gripper's voice was the first thing Maeve heard when she drifted out of the darkness.
"Smoke? Smoke? She's awake! How're you feeling?" he asked.
The huge mechanic was leaning over her, blotting out the light. The tip of his left ear was shortened by a full inch. The blunted tip was shiny and pink, freshly healed.
"Your ear"
"Yeah, I could have gotten it cloned, but I think it makes me look rakish, don't you?" Gripper struck a comically dramatic pose.
Maeve lay in a bed of stiff white linens with her wings wedged in awkwardly beside her. Flexible plastic needles were taped in her forearms, feeding her healing body from hanging bags labeled in Aver. Every inch of her was stiff and sore, swathed in thick bandages under the thin blue hospital gown.
At Gripper's excited announcement, others crowded around her bed. Tiberius was scowling at her, as usual, but there was joy and relief in his eyes. Xia smiled at her, nodding approvingly as though simply waking up was a praiseworthy accomplishment. Maybe it was. Kessa waved from the foot of Maeve's bed and Baliend burbled happily. Vyron leaned on her shoulder. Even Duaal seemed happy to see her.
"What has happened? I recall little after Logan pulled me from beneath the graveyard," Maeve asked. Her voice was thin and raspy from disuse. "How long have I been sleeping? Where are we?"
"The Kharnig Unified Faith Hospital," Tiberius told her. "You're racking up another medical bill for us."
There was something strained in his voice as he said it, but Gripper hastened to explain further.
"When Freezer brought you out, there were about a thousand Nihilists chasing you!" he exaggerated with an excited sweep of his long arms. Duaal ducked just in time to avoid being hit. "We couldn't convince the Gharib police to come without Alliance back up and it was going to take them forever to get out to us. So Claws crashed the Blue Phoenix into the cathedral and brought it all down on the guys chasing you and Freezer."
"Didn't work quite as well as I'd hoped," Tiberius grumped.
"Anyways, he busted the ship pretty good doing it. I went out to try to fix the problem," Gripper went on. He skipped the technical details, knowing that she would not grasp them and sighed. "I couldn't do it, though. I thought we were all dead."
"How did you manage?" Maeve asked with fragile curiosity.
"It was Kessa's doing and yours. At least, it will be yours," Xia told her uncomfortably. The princess gave her a confused look.
"It's your bounty," Tiberius said, arms crossed. "The Gharib police are desperate for money and they came after your bounty. Kessa told them about it."
"Why do I lay now under medical care and surrounded by my companions instead of in an Alliance prison?"
"Well," Kessa spoke up, clearing her throat. "It's a private bounty, isn't it? For your live capture and delivery to the one who posted the bounty. They can't collect that if you're locked up in prison. So much for justice, yeah?"
"And why can it not be paid when I am gone?"
"Because you posted it, Maeve," Kessa said softly.
"No," Maeve retorted roughly. "That is madness!"
"Yeah, but it's your insanity, not mine," she sighed, bouncing Baliend in her arms.
"I told Kes about some of the things Coldhand said when we were flying together," Vyron said. "Coldhand told me you were a private bounty, worth thirty-five thousand if someone could catch you alive. Not a lot of private citizens have that kind of color."
"I remembered you paying Coldhand when he brought Vyron. That was four hundred cenmarks and you didn't even seem to care," Kessa went on. "You're a princess. The White Kingdom might be gone, but it was pretty well off when it was around. I'll bet you're loaded and then Coldhand asked you about genocide after the Emberguard attacked and that Arcadian took Baliend."
"There hasn't been anything like a genocide in thousands of years," Vyron said to Maeve. "Not in the Alliance, at least. So whatever you did, it must have been back in the White Kingdom, at least a hundred years ago. That's pretty old history for most of us, but not for you."
"There wasn't much to put together after that. Everyone knows that the fairy kingdom fell apart, even if we don't quite know why, and almost everyone died," Kessa said sadly. "You were always so angry You seemed to hate yourself a lot, enough to put a bounty out on your own head."
"The fall of the White Kingdom was my doing! I summoned the Devourers when I tried to open the Waygate for my brother!" Maeve cried.
"You?" Xia asked. "In your story you were that knight? But you swore you'd kill her!"
Maeve laughed bitterly. "What else have I been laboring for so long to accomplish? I have sought only my own end for the last century."
"You did this? You brought Coldhand down on yourself and on my crew with that damned bounty? God, I hoped Kessa was just being a twit!" Tiberius asked tightly. His fists were balled at his sides.
"Yes. With all my heart, yes! Gods, all I wanted was to die. You should never have interfered!"
"Damn it, Maeve." But Tiberius did not seem to have the heart to argue further.
Kessa pursed her azure lips and stroked Baliend's hair. Vyron shook his head. "No way. I know what you went through for my son and my mate. You care about them or else you wouldn't have paid Coldhand to get me and you wouldn't have gone after Baliend. I know death isn't the only thing you care about." He put his arms around Kessa. "Thank you. I don't think I've gotten to say that yet."
"Even if what you say is true, none had the time to gather such riches before they fled Arcadia," Maeve snapped.
"You did. You're the only one who had all the time she wanted to leave, because you were the only one left after everything was over," Vyron said. "You closed the Waygates, Maeve. Xia told us that. After they were banished, you were alone on What's the place called? Illisem?"
"Whiteholme, yes."
"You were alone there for God only knows how long, more than enough time to gather up anything you thought you might need from the ruins of your kingdom And alone with your guilt, I guess, until you decided to leave."
One of the instruments monitoring her beeped a warning at Maeve's rising blood pressure. "I will pay my bounty to the Gharib police," she agreed in a brittle voice on the verge of breaking. "What of the Church of Nihil?"
"When the CWAAF found the graveyard, they searched out all of Gavriel's churches. They found a few people left in them, but most everyone has run off. No one seems to know where. The Nihilists are just gone. They've left Stray, as far as anyone can tell," Tiberius told her.
"Gavriel and Xartasia? What was their fate?"
"No sign. The Allied forces excavated that cave-in and found plenty dead, but none of them were Gavriel or your cousin," Xia said. Logan must have told them about the blood she shared with Xartasia. "They tried to check out the rest of the Nihilist cathedrals on Stray, but someone must have given the bastards warning. Like I said, all the Allied forces found were piles of rock and metal."
"They are stopped only for the moment, then," Maeve sighed.
"That's not for us to worry about anymore," Duaal said. "They're gone from Stray and it's safe for Kessa's family now. We did what we set out to do."
"They didn't find Gavriel or Xartasia, or even that altar thing Coldhand described. But they did find this," Tiberius said.
From the table beside her bed, he lifted a curved glass blade almost as long as his forearm. A broken, short length of pale wood jutted from the base of the blade, wound all around with the torn, burnt remains of once-colorful ribbons. Tiberius handed Maeve the blade of her spear. She sat up in the hospital bed, wincing as the tubes in her arms tugged, and took it gently.
Maeve combed her fingers through the ruined ribbons and laid it in her lap. The blade was the weapon of a knight, to be wielded in defense of innocents. How much shameful blood had it spilled over the century since her disgrace? Was her own heart just as unfeeling as Logan's, calloused and hardened by her own pain?
Titania Xartasia had done much the same, fallen to the soul-broken depression that plagued what remained of their people. She had joined the Nihilists in their zealous search for death. How many had suffered and died for the pain of two women?
Shamed tears rolled down Maeve's cheeks and splashed the blade in her lap. She was supposed to be a knight of Arcadia. A princess of her people just like Xartasia. Maeve's heart ached in her chest. The Arcadians needed hope. They needed their queen and their knights.
"Where" She paused to find her voice. "Where is Logan? He had best be ready to fight me when I am free of this place."
"That's one part I never did figure out. This all seems so pointlessly complicated," Kessa said. "If you want to die so badly, why have a bounty hunter do it? Why didn't you just kill yourself? Or at least post a dead-only bounty? You could have been dead years ago."
Maeve covered her face with her hands, tangling her halo of tubes and sensors. "Too many have died for me. My brother flew against the Devourers I summoned and was the first to fall. Orthain died defending me as I sang at the Tamlin Waygate. Gods, I watched so many die. I did not have it in me to die quietly in a gutter with a razor in my hand. If I were to die peacefully, it would spit upon the graves of the millions that fell before me. And it would disgrace those who fought in my defense. I loved them too much for that. It was some years before I could puzzle out an honorable path around such obstacles. But for all its honor, I know now how selfish I was."
There was a long, uncomfortable silence in the clean white hospital room.
"He's gone," Tiberius said. "Coldhand's gone. He left three days ago. He said his mark's been caught and turned in. The hunt's over."
Maeve turned away, tears leaking from her eyes and soaking into the pillow. Her hunter was gone.
______

The repairs to the Raptor had been expensive and he needed to find work. On the second level of Axis, Logan Coldhand sat at his rented terminal, keying through bounties. They flashed up on the screen in rapid sequence, one after another. After only a glance, he dismissed each. Some were worth more than Maeve. Two or three might even be more dangerous than chasing the princess. But none were half as interesting.
Logan brought up another list, reading through and forgetting the bounties absently. Maeve was a skilled warrior, trained as a knight of the White Kingdom for longer than he had been alive. From what Xia had told him about the kingdom's destruction by the Devourers, most of the other knights died defending the remaining Arcadian people. How many had managed to escape the fall of the White Kingdom? Maeve might well have been one of the only surviving knights of her homeworld. Fighting her had been a challenge he would not likely find again outside Gavriel's Emberguard, at least. Logan shuddered.
She had been cunning, too. The bounty hunter had to admire the clever way Maeve had crafted her own bounty, how deftly she had manipulated him. The Alliance may have posted a bounty for the murders she had committed, but there were killers aplenty the worlds over. No, that would never have been enough to catch the attention of an infamous hunter. She needed the genocide charge for that. Logan wasn't certain that Maeve was actually guilty, but it had certainly been an imposing accusation.
It had been a clever ploy on Maeve's part. Only the most dedicated or fearless bounty hunters would brave pursuing a proclaimed genocide. That way, she was sure to lure a deadly tool to commit her elaborate suicide.
Even the rewards were cleverly planned. Governments demanded live-only bounties, so that the criminal could be brought to trial under local or Alliance law. Between that and the amount of money on the line, the bounty certainly looked official. And who would kill her from far away when they could capture her up close and almost double their profit? No one.
Maeve offered enough for her bounty to entice, but not so much that greed would tempt the desperate into a dangerous hunt. Was she trying to protect the weak bounty hunters from a job too difficult for their limited skills? Or just making sure she didn't end up with an inept hunter? She wanted someone who knew perfectly well what they were getting into and who was prepared for a fight.
Hardest to figure out had been why the princess would go to such lengths to trick a bounty hunter into trying to take her alive, only to manipulate him into killing her. Logan remembered the pain in Maeve's silver eyes as she confessed her terrible sin to her cousin. She wanted to see her death, feel it and hold it close. She wanted to punish herself. For a hundred years, she had carried the guilt of her mistake, believing that she alone was to blame for the devouring of her home. Maeve wanted to know the terror and death she blamed herself for giving to her race. She was a princess of her people. She was used to getting exactly what she wanted.
But Maeve threw it all away to fly after Vyron's stolen son. Her impulsive passion had unraveled her long secret endeavors and eventually lost her the chance at the one thing she desired: death in battle. Logan felt the mechanical beating of his computerized heart in his chest and knew he would never entirely understand Maeve Cavainna.
He keyed up another screen of bounties. Maeve had been a lovely mystery: beautiful, eloquent and unfathomable, full of strange contradictions, terrible, deadly skill and inhuman patience. There would never be another mark like her. She was gone. Logan almost managed to convince himself that he didn't care.
Almost.

Epilogue:
Anvil of Tears

"Ichi, Eru, Cavain, Cael
Catch a white hart by the tail
If she is smiling, a wish she will give
But if you harm her, she will not forgive."
- Arcadian rhyme

The darkness pressed in on Elsa like collapsing stone, smothering her. She tried to scream, but the gag stifled her outcry. It tasted of sweat and blood. Elsa gagged. There was dirt under her bare, aching feet.
Red-clad arms reached from the black and grabbed her by the wrists. They pulled her down, arching her back painfully over the cold, flat stone altar. She struggled against them, but the Emberguard's grip was like steel. A dry hand caressed her forehead.
"You have the mind I need, my dear," Gavriel said. His fingers were light and delicate on her skin, heavy and unmovable as lead. "Why take another baby when I have you, already so much like a child?"
No, no, no! Elsa ached to scream. The fear and horror strangled her heart, slowing the frenzied pounding, freezing it into stillness. I don't want to help you, baby-killer! You are bad, like mud and bugs and spoiled food! You tricked me with nice words and sweet wine made of blood! I don't want to give you anything!
All that came out through the gag was a frightened, muffled moan.
Out of the darkness glided another shape, luminously white as an angel. Xartasia's silky wings trailed lightly over Elsa's shoulders and bound arms. In a voice sweet and clear as spring water, she began to sing. Elsa couldn't understand the words, but she felt them crawling over her skin like spiders, pushing and cutting through her very being, sharp as glittering shards of glass.
No, this is bad! Make it stop, make the bad song be quiet! Bad, all bad, all wrong! Bad so bad No!
Elsa writhed wildly against the Emberguard, trying to pull away from Gavriel's icy touch. He seeped into her No, that wasn't it. She was melting, her mind was coming apart and he was drinking it up. She could not think, could not put words to the horror as Xartasia unwove her mind, picking apart already frayed memories and thoughts into threads. Gavriel gathered them up, reweaving them in the deep, dark recesses of his own mind.
"In the mind unmade lies power fallow, waiting only to be harvested," Xartasia said.
Screaming silently, all that was Elsa was fell away into nothingness.
______

Eight million years ago.
He expected darkness. Without the stars to mark out trillions of miles between worlds, the distance should have vanished. But even here, on the edge of the galaxy, there were pale, luminous marks in the black  entire galaxies, so distant that they were single pinprick sparks, indistinguishable from stars. Entire galaxies ready to be devoured.
"We're ready, sir," a feminine voice said from behind him.
"Bring us about," he ordered, not bothering to turn away from the wide viewport.
Ponderously, the huge warship turned. He felt a deep regret as the vessel turned away from the darkness, facing back towards the sea of stars. The captain of the VSS Pioneer had nothing but contempt for that twisted mass of glittering suns and planets. The wan scattering of stars had once made up a great empire, but had been long since stripped of any and all usable resources. Imperial work crews left behind only barren rock, incapable of supporting life.
The old galaxy was a hearth, he decided. Once, it had blazed with brilliant, glorious life, but only dying embers remained now. It was time to leave. There were flames to kindle elsewhere.
A colossal ring floated in the lovely void before the warship, constructed in eight heavy segments, each of a different elemental metal. Some of the older ones were built out of stone, but only these were of sufficient power to move entire starships. The sections of the Waygate began to glow as the VSS Pioneer closed. A hemispherical station floated nearby, swimming all across its face with the same swirling radiance. The Waygate glowed red, faded to green, then a soft, permissive blue.
"They're ready for us, sir."
"What sector have the Guides selected?" he asked, turning to face the woman standing behind him.
"One nineteen by two eighty-eight," she answered, reading the number from a nearby display. "Probability is thirty-nine, sir."
"Thirty-nine?" the captain said.
"Yes, sir."
"We're getting closer, then," he gloated. "Are the ground reinforcements ready?"
"They are, sir."
"This place is useless to us now," he said, turning back to the viewport and gesturing to the stars. He smiled and displayed sharp, predator's teeth. "Those worlds are just shells, broken bones hollow of marrow. This galaxy is a graveyard and we cannot survive on dust alone," the captain said, and gestured to the helmsman.
The VSS Pioneer vanished through the Waygate, leaving the old worlds behind, discarded and forgotten.
______

The End

Appendix:
The Lay of Cavain

Professor Xil:
The Lay of Cavain is the oldest recorded song in the galaxy. Some sociologists suggest that the hive-mind of the Nnyth may harbor an even older one, but they share even less with the CWA than the Arcadians do. Even if that is the case, I further theorized that any of their stories would be unrecognizable as music.
The Lay seems to describe, in loose terms, the rise of an Arcadian monarch, Cavain, and his conquest of the other races of fairies. The historical accuracy of the story is unknown. It was recorded several hundred years after the events it recounts and involves heathen gods known to the Union of Light to be false. Whether or not the historical Cavain even existed is a mystery, though the Arcadians seem convinced that he did and that his direct descendants still lead their kingdom. Of interest, the term "spell" seems to refer to law in this context, not the fairy magic.
Regardless of its accuracy, it is one of the only known examples of alien culture and should be recorded (without corrections) for later study.
- Dr. Ellan Markav, Dean of Outland Studies

Time lay in its cradle quietly
Once upon a day long ago
Not the song of Erris is heard
Yet voices carried on the wind faintly

Laughing spring winds come whispering
To find that Aes lays no longer
In her high, heavenly bower
But in a mortal wing's embrace so loving

[Chorus:]
Two hundred eighty-eight days of light
Will be desired by a Night
If you would dare lay claim to the right
To ask a gift of the White

To every blossom, its season
Autumn caresses laid to rest
The goddess to the sky returned
Yet from Erris, she could not conceal her treason

For when the petals fall from the tree
The wanton branches swell with fruit
Carried she within her a new life
To the halls of the All-Singer with a plea

[Chorus]

Erris, the first god, burned with anger
That his bride had strayed from him
For the innocent she carried
The rage that tore worlds asunder did waver

For the life of her child, Aes pleaded
For the love in his divine heart
Erris agreed with his lady
But his realm never with mortal blood seeded

[Chorus]

In the fullest turning of a year
To Aes was born a baby boy
With hair black as a the deepest night
Cavain, she called the child, in her eye a tear

By the decree of the All-Singer
Cavain descended from the sky
To the ring of wild worlds below
Laden with naught but his long wings and his spear

[Chorus]

For his divine blood, Cavain was blessed
For his mortal blood, cursed to die
In the turning of the ages
For his numbered year, Cavain dared not to rest

Wings, feet and Gates carried him between
The worlds that danced around bright Aes
Found other winged sky-dancers
Sea-eyed nyads, dryads in the forests clean

[Chorus]

Cavain's wandering found worlds too wild
Overgrown and torn by the tides
All lives lived in fear of the flame
Only ashes left behind the fae of fire

To his side, Cavain called the wild herd
To learn the order of the gods
To raise great cities of crystal
But the pyran would not heed his kindest word

[Chorus]

Followers of the flame called for war
Every city reduced to ash
Cavain raised his banner to them
To fight back the flame for all of time, he swore

Before his spear, the fiery fae fell
Destructive blazes laid to rest
Never again to raise a flame
Cavain's kingdom ever under peaceful spell

[Chorus]

In honor of Cavain's divine call
Of Aes the cloud-veiled Sky-Dancer
White Kingdom was named the new land
To Cavain was given lordship over all

Seasons turn, as seasons often do
The Night has passed beyond our sight
But to his royal lineage
The races of fae still pay their given due

For without the gifts of Cavain's line
To stream and spire and hill and sky
Devouring fire would consume all
So sing to the raven-manes and I sing mine

[Chorus]

[Chorus]

More books by Erica Lindquist & Aron Christensen:

The Reforged Trilogy:
Anvil of Tears
Sword of Dreams
Hammer of Time
Forged: 4 Reforged short stories

In the House of Five Dragons

Fireflies (a short story collection)

The Dead Beat (a short story serial)
volumes 1 - 3

Whisperworld

Hangman's Cross (forthcoming)
The Burning Noose (forthcoming)

My Guide to RPG Storytelling (nonfiction)
My Storytelling Guide Companion (nonfiction)
by Aron Christensen
