

Murder Haven: Den of Thieves
Book One

By

Will Molinar

Edited, Produced, and Published by Writers Edge Publishing 2015

All rights reserved.
 2015 Will Molinar
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the publisher.

All characters in this book are fictitious, and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental.
EXCLUSIVE OFFER!
By reading this novel you qualify to receive FREE and Reduced price ebook offers from Writers Edge Publishing directly to your inbox! If that werent enough, every month a winner is chosen at random from our mailing list to win a $200.00 Amazon gift card. To sign up for these exclusive offers, simply follow the link below and enter your name and email address. In less than 15 seconds you are entered to receive exclusive offers and the chance to win our drawing each and every month! Any information received will never be shared with a third party, and emails are periodic and as such will not overcrowd your inbox. 
Sign up now

Other Books by Will Molinar
* * * MURDER HAVEN SERIES* * *
Den of Thieves
Gallows Pole
Deaths Reckoning
Rogues Gallery
Lair of Killers
Prologue
The smell of salt water, brine, and the stink of the ocean wafted from the wharf to a lone man, reaching even to his height so far above the city. From his perch on the cliff, the port looked no further than a stones throw away, but it was a deceptive distance.
A maze-like stretch of switchbacks and trails behind him hampered the ability of any man to make his way to the cliffs edge. Heavy foliage, loose rocks, and broken branches littered the sloping ground. It would take a hardy man, with steady determination, a good two hours to reach the city and its sprawling docks, and thats only with proper knowledge of the terrain.
Goodwin Turners face was thick with a stubby beard. It had been too long since his last shave. Too long to recount; perhaps a week.
The last several days left a hazy film over his mind. Hunger gnawed at his gut. The wilderness spread behind him, yet he lacked the skills to make the best of it. His bloodshot eyes peered through a curtain of fog surrounding the town.
The bay was enormous, stretching to his left. The western sway gave way to dozens of ships, all jostling for position on the dock in order to spill their wares upon the citys inhabitants.
The vestiges of sails, masts taller than most buildings in the civilized world, pushed through the fog like a net. A crows nest on the tip of a galleon poked out through the mist. The familiar creak and grind of ships dropping anchor filtered up, where the unwashed bodies of hundreds of dregs worked there stinking and bemoaning pitiful lives.
To his right, along the further most edge of his vision lay the Southern Docks, its smaller brother.
Signal flares lit up like giant lightning bugs with bright yellows, reds and greens from the line stretching far to the west, a sign that a ship needed to port soon due to technical reasons or a demand of call.
Longing griped Goodwin Turners heart. He was as close to Sea Haven as Turner dared, the city of his birth.
A different smell reached him, and he looked behind him. There was smoke in the forest. A trill of fear raced through him. The trees began fifty paces beyond the edge of the cliff. Tall pines, packed together with heavy cones drooping the branches, spread around him. On the forests carpet lay their needles, overlapped like mounds of hay.
Above, to his right, a plume of smoke wafted, rising and widening as it dissipated into the atmosphere. It twisted and turned in the air like a wayward spirit rejoining natures embrace.
Curiosity overruled his fear, and the man without a home walked towards it. Its smell and potency meant that whoever it was knew how to make a proper fire. Perhaps some lonely traveler had found his site and decided to join the camp. Or it was a band of hunters with fresh game, and willing to share.
Turner patted his chest, feeling nothing but empty bone and threadbare clothes where a knife might be. He picked his way across the forest floor; pine needles crunched and snapped under his leather boots. The old ways of moving, silent and quick, faded from him with the thought of food.
It mattered little, for they knew.
The strong smell of cooked meat grew more intense with each passing step. In between two looming pines was a clearing. His camp was nothing more than a haphazard collection of branches strung together to make a pathetic attempt at a lean-to, covered by a shabby blanket hed found two days ago.
But Turner did not walk into his own camp, for caution held him back. He hid behind a tree and saw a man squatting on the other side of a pulsing fire. By the looks of him, the man appeared to be a physical specimen; heavy, yet athletic and spry. There was something about him that was unnerving. The casual way he sat on his heels, so calm and self-assured, yet underneath lay a coiled spring. The stranger dressed all in black, with heavy boots covered in mud, and studded armor bits adorning his chest and shoulders.
Gnarled fingers reached up and rubbed short stubbles atop his thick head, and then down over harsh features with a permanent scowl. Turner saw the gloves the interloper wore, his heart leapt with hope for a moment, so he revealed himself from the trees. The gloves were of his trade, a pickpockets gloves, cut from the second knuckles down.
The man behind the fire studied him for a moment then grunted and shook his head. He spoke with a voice thick with a northern accent, choppy and guttural. You aint much to look at. They told me you was a skinny bastard. They were right. The stranger pointed at the spit hanging over the fire and gestured for Turner to sit. A slain animal bubbled and cracked as the fire finished its work. Almost ready.
Turner licked his lips but didnt move. The other man was still a stranger. A sword hung at his belt, a one and half handed bastard sword that looked well used. He grabbed the charred meat and cut at its flesh.
The man grunted again and pointed to a spot on the ground in front of the campfire.
Go ahead, fella, have a seat. You need some food by the looks of ya. A man cant think straight when his bellys empty. You listen to that grumbling more than whats said by someone else, yeah?
Turner took a deep breath and acquiesced.
The ground was damp, as it had rained the night before. It felt crunchy with all the needles under his rump. The other man handed over some of the meat from a good sized rabbit, juicy and hot. Melted fat dribbled down his chin as Turner bit into it, and though it stung, he didnt care.
The stranger licked his lips after ripping into his own meal. He wiped the back of his hand across his mouth. Good, that. Feels nice ta have something warm to eat, dont it?
Despite himself and the continued unease dwelling in his thoughts, Turner nodded. His stomach lurched as it took the acquired sustenance, and he realized at that moment how hungry hed been.
The other, rough looking man finished his meal in large bites and dropped the grizzled remains into the sputtering fire. The skin leftover burned and popped from the heat while the bones greyed. The man stared at it for a few moments then looked up, with a different expression on his face. His eyes were hard.
Your names Turner, he said.
Turner felt his throat constrict. He managed to swallow past the lump and nodded, Yes, it is.
The other man sat up, patting his beefy chest. Names Jerrod.
Turner had heard the name, but kept his face neutral. Jerrod narrowed his eyes and searched Turner for some reaction, but none came.
Jerrod shrugged. Well, now that we got that outta the way, we have some business to deal with.
Adrenaline pumped. Turner threw his roasted rabbit in Jerrods face. The larger man grunted and laughed while Turner dashed off for the edge of the tree line. After mere seconds, his breathing was heavy; fear and shock gripped his heart. He ran to the left, sprinting over loose rocks dodging in between the pines, and jumping over several broken branches along the way.
The flash of fresh pines colored his vision. Needles and small branches snapped under foot. The sharp rocks tugged through the bottom of his thin boots. He had no idea where he was or how far away that demon might be.
He slipped on a wet patch of ground and flailed his arms to arrest his fall. His hand struck the side of a tree, and harsh bark ripped into his palm as he hit the ground, flat on his face. Gasping, he held the torn hand to his chest, breathing like an overworked bellows.
The pulse of adrenaline raced through his veins, and it blunted the pain in his hand. He panted and sat up to his knees, looking around. Only the endless expanse of forest watched him.
Nothing.
Turner stood, still holding his throbbing hand and breathed easier. Perhaps he lost him. There was no way the heavier man could have kept close enough to him, for Turner was the quickest thief in town.
But a brawny hand slapped the back of Turners neck and clamped down hard. Wincing and gurgling, Turner struggled in a futile effort, for the grips strength was unbelievable. He twisted and turned, swatting at Jerrods arm, but it was no use.
Jerrod laughed and knocked aside the puny blows. Easy now, son! This wont take long.
His entire body shifted around, and his face smashed into the nearest tree. His nose flattened against his face and crunched. Ears rang as Jerrod jerked him around again. His huge hands gripped the sides of his neck, clamping hard.
Turner gagged and scratched at the arms that held him, but his already depleted strength was fading fast.
Dont you struggle. There, almost finished.
Turners vision blurred as Jerrod bent his shoulders down and lurched over him, planting his feet and gaining leverage. Black spots alighted into Turners eyes, and a humming increased in his ears with every passing second.
The last sound he ever heard was the crack of his own neck.

Chapter One
The ink on his fingers grew thick, yet Muldor kept writing. The deep lines of black along the edges of his callused digits filled in more and more as the days went on. Two fingers on his left hand were crusted with it, and four on his right. He dipped his quill back in his ink pot.
The Merchants Guilds accountant finished another page, dumped salt over it, and placed it on the finished pile with many others. Another sheet posed a different problem, and Muldor realized he needed a different notebook, last months ledger report.
Muldor sighed and made a note to tell Dock Master Lawson to get his reports to The Guild on time.
His desk was large and made of the sturdiest oak, thick and heavy like a battering ram. The edges were worn, smoothed by his constant contact. Down by his elbows it was even warped and bent. Years ago a groove had been creased into the wood by his posture. The surface of the desk was not cluttered.
To his left, the door banged against the jam as a gust of wind struck the outside of his two room office building; a single story structure one half block east of the Western Docks. The tangy rich odor of salt water danced in air, always so pungent and fresh this close to the shore.
The Guild man stopped writing for a moment to glance at the two windows on the side of the door. A few people strolled by, heading away from the pier. One man carried a sack of grain over his shoulder while two others handled a full wheel barrel, stuffed with metal contraptions, including an anvil and other paraphernalia associated with blacksmithing.
Muldor sat back and put his quill down with curiosity. He went outside and watched several other dock workers carry bags of flour, stacks of grain, and other various items no doubt off loaded from the recent ships.
Patrick, he said to one of them, what station were these goods cleared through?
The man, thin and tanned about his scrubby looking face, put his burden down and wiped his forehead with his hat. Eh? Well, they sent us this way, Master Muldor. Pier Two, I think. Master Dollengers. 
Yes, I know who is responsible for Pier Two. Where is your supervisor?
Patrick looked frustrated. He shook his head and put his hat back on. Sir, we got em signed off for, they.
Go along, Patrick. Thats fine. Muldor frowned, but showed the poor dock worker mercy by waving him along.
Patrick hefted the large sack and marched on behind his fellows. The bag covered the majority of his back and looked so absurd on top of his skinny legs, Muldor wondered how he was able to carry it.
The Guilds accountant counted the line of progression as they trudged off to the east. There werent more than twenty dock workers. It shouldnt have been this way. All goods needed to be cleared with the individual Dock Masters, depending on which particular pier the ships docked at. Then they are signed off and handed over to Muldors office.
Muldors attention was arrested by another commotion near the docks. Men on horseback made their way over; it was a ridiculous practice, for the footing was treacherous and space at a premium due to the enormous amount of goods shifted on a day to day basis. It could only be one man. Guild Master Castellan Du Sol.
Castellans aura demanded attention and his guardsmen were of the highest quality. The Guild Master rode the tallest horse, wore the shiniest armor, and carried the best weapons. So complete was his complement of arms, Muldor always assumed the man prepared for war.
His bodyguards rode tall in their saddles surrounding him, though no immediate threat could be seen. There were only dock workers, sorry looking men that gathered in awe at their de facto leader though the dock and The Guild enjoyed a loose affiliation at best in Muldors mind. Castellan smiled and waved, throwing his head back and guffawing in a deep, baritone voice. The greatest bard on the continent could hope for nothing better than those dulcet tones.
A few of the dock workers stood amongst the cavalcade of cavalry, speaking but Muldor could not hear the words. He thought of getting closer, for the magnetism of Castellans presence exerted its power even from a distance away. If the Guild Master was here at the Western Docks, there was a good reason for it.
After a few minutes, Castellan and his entourage made their way towards Muldors building. It was little more than a shack really, and Muldor watched them as still as a statue. Castellan looked like he was riding in a parade waving at the dock workers. He even stopped every few feet to shake hands. The workers were in awe.
Muldor crossed his arms and waited.
The horses hooves clip clopped louder and more distinct. There were at least a dozen armored bodyguards, all wearing chest plates with white highlights on a red tinted metal underneath. Combined with the ornate lances, buckled swords and red plumed helmets, the effect was quite striking. Castellan adorned similar trappings but with much more elaborate designs along his shield and chest plate. He eschewed the practice of wearing a helmet. Muldor knew it was only due to vanity.
Castellans handsome face smiled at Muldor as he neared. The Guild Master rode his barded war stallion to him. The horse snorted and huffed in Muldors face, and the accountant was forced to stand back lest he be covered in snot.
Frowning, Muldor nodded at his superior. Guild Master. Good day to you. What brings you here?
Oh, Muldor, Muldor! Come now. With a smirk and a smooth, athletic hop, Castellan jumped off his mount and landed with feline grace on the ground. His armor didnt make a sound. He smiled and approached Muldor, mischief dancing in his eyes. This is a time for celebration, not questions. I have wonderful news for you. You are being promoted. You are now my second in command.
The first question on Muldors mind died on his tongue. This wasnt the place for it. His heavy grey cloak felt heavier and hot all of a sudden. He forced a smile and indicated his office. Perhaps you would care to join me inside, Master Castellan.
Castellan chuckled and ordered his men to wait, following Muldor inside. Muldor went to his fireplace and stirred a pot. He glanced over at the man standing in the middle of the room.
Would you care for some tea, Master Castellan?
Have a seat, Muldor. His tone was calm, but Muldor heard the sharp undercurrent of command in that melodic voice. He sat.
Castellan stood on the other side and pulled a sheaf of papers out of his satchel. These will be signed by you of course, as the bodies must be processed by the Guild. I think a special ceremony would be in order for both gentlemen. I trust youll take care of the details, Muldor. Your skill in this area exceeds mine.
Muldor kept his eyes on his boss until he finished speaking then glanced down at the papers. The first one was no surprise, considering the news of his promotion; a death certificate signed by the city coroners office, entitled Marshak Donello. Cause of death was listed as industrial accident which Muldor found suspicious.
What happened?
A horrible accident in the shipping yards. You didnt hear, Muldor? That surprises me, what with your network of informants and go-for-thats. I imagined you would know of the exact circumstances of poor Donellos demise.
Muldor knew nothing of the sort. His thick forearms, matted with dark hair, shuffled through the stack. The rest of the papers told him more, something about new procedures of shifting goods from the warehouses to other locations, near the east end of the city.
Castellan kept speaking. It doesnt really matter, does it, Muldor? Master Muldor, second in command of The Merchants Guild. We cant waste time lamenting the past. Rather, we must move forward in strength and in faith. Only thus will we prosper.
There was another death. The other dead man was Goodwin Turner, the head of the Thieves Guild. Horror gave Muldor tremors. Some of his people gossiped the man was missing, but Muldor had tossed those bites of information away as hearsay and unimportant.
Castellan rose while thoughts spun through Muldors mind. The Guild Master went to the fireplace and fed it a spare block of wood. Now, now, we cant have a paltry fire. You need to keep warm, my friend. Youll catch your death. Then who will attend to your duties, eh? This is a very important promotion. For all of us. Do you understand?
Muldor met his gaze. I understand.
Castellan smiled and turned to the fire to warm his hands. Good. It pleases me to have you as a true partner. His demeanor changed again, with the barest of subtlety that few people could recognize. His voice grew passionate, almost manic. Weve worked hard these last years, havent we? Havent we sacrificed for the good of The Guild? This is the hour of our greatness, and we shall not falter.
Muldor didnt know what he was expected to say. He tapped the desk with one of his fingers, thick like a daggers pommel, and sighed. Turners death.
Castellan waved. Is unimportant. Ive spoken with Oberon Cutter. We have in place a new policy for the thieves. One that is more in line with our activities here at the docks. Coordinate with Lawson and Maggur, for I have no time for it. The Southern Docks must adhere with the new mandates as well. You will see to that.
Muldor considered for a moment and nodded. Of course.
Good. Then this meeting is at an end.
Castellan extended his hand, and Muldor hesitated only a moment before shaking.
Congratulations again on your new position. You must keep your records updated and to the letter. This is very important.
Muldor said nothing as Castellan walked to the door. When he reached the threshold and grabbed the handle, he stopped and turned back.
My vision is simple, Castellan said. We will bring the leadership of this city together for the benefit of all.
The wind from the docks banged the door shut.

* * * * *

The sights and sounds of the bustling marketplace never ceased to amaze the short, thin man. He stood hovering in the shadows. Giorgio always stopped to watch the early morning crowd before the market opened. Light had not quite yet fully penetrated the cold dark casting a definitive navy blue atmosphere. Every morning he enjoyed the scene, for people are a spectacle.
The merchants hitched their wares to the back of carts, some large enough to require beasts of burden. Other men used wheel barrels with their goods stacked high. From his stone knave underneath an archway, Giorgio could see the largest amount of visible space leading into the main thoroughfare.
It was a good place to be for a thief.
Cool grey stone met his hand as he crouched down and watched a wine seller stack his casks in the nearest available space, an open venue where any non-guild members were allowed to sell their wares.
The wine seller had two guards with him and a young boy helping him set up. The guards had halberds held at their chests with dark brown chemises and thick leggings that bulged when they moved. The boy wore muddy sandals. Giorgio watched as the seller, a chubby bald man with bad skin, yelled at the youth while the two brutes spoke to one another.
None of them noticed him skulking in the shadows. Giorgio moved on, pulling the cowl of his dark grey cloak over his face. He squeezed his wiry frame through two boxes stacked by the side of the building. It overlooked the market area to the outskirts, near the low wages section, where most of the poor people of the city bought spoiled fruit and rotten vegetables.
The thief walked by a cart where one seller pulled baskets of apples out and placed them on a stall. No one else was a around. Giorgio kicked a small rock on the ground and watched it collide with the stall. The seller bent over to look at what caused the noise, and Giorgio snatched a couple of apples with a casual flick of his hand and put them in his cloak.
Another stall had some drying meat. It was a simple thing to rob and stuff in a pouch.
Dawn came fast, and in this section of the city, the mountains to the north caused the light to stream down, making it the warmest portion of Sea Haven. The marketplace would soon explode with people, both merchants and buyers. The sun crested a building to the left, and he changed direction, cutting through an alley behind large, decrepit living dens. Buildings sagged on their frames; their foundations had been built with efficiency in mind rather than safety or comfort. Giorgio had seen them all his life.
Trash, broken bottles, loose rocks, and scattered junk littered the alley floor, and he winded his way over it, nimble and quick. It was good practice that kept his thieving skills in order.
A loud screech sounded above him. By instinct, Giorgio stepped behind a trash bin and craned his head around. He stood behind a fire escape and had to glance around it towards the sky. A seagull flew in a lazy circle between the two buildings. It screeched again. It was odd and unnatural sounding. The bird circled left and then swooped out of sight.
Giorgio went south. He kept a wary eye on every window he passed. Even this early in the morning, anything could happen. He saw a few people behind shabby, dirty windows, shuffling about their lives, eating, drinking, pissing. One man down the other end of the alley dumped out some garbage from a second storey balcony.
He heard another man speaking with a woman far above him. The woman laughed, but the man said something harsh. She laughed again.
Giorgio turned left at the end of the alley, then right two blocks down, left down another alley, then circled around after back tracking half-way towards the marketplace before reaching his destination. On the left hand side of the street stood a large tavern, four stories tall. It was one of the largest buildings on the east side.
Embossed in the wooden sign were the words, Old Mill Inn painted red but, faded and chipped from disuse. The chains holding it up were rusted. A dog sat just below it, a mutt, brown and scrubby. Its ears perked up as Giorgio approached. He stopped ten paces away and held out a hand. The dog barked and ran over to lick the proffered appendage.
He patted the mongrels head and fed it some dried beef he had stolen. Good boy.
It wagged its tail, gulping down the meat. Giorgio clicked his tongue and walked around the side of the building, the dog following. A crooked door lay slanted there, as if a repair job had gotten interrupted halfway through. The hinges were rusted. He had to pull at an awkward angle, but the door opened, and Giorgio stepped inside.
A small room greeted him. Rusted metal parts, like the throw away pieces of a blacksmiths shop, covered the far corners and shelves lining the wall to his left. He went to the door opposite, knocked twice, then once, then twice again. A young man opened the door an instant later, looked Giorgio in the eye, smirked, and opened the door.
Go on in, Giorgio.
Thanks.
Rafters yawned above him, the dog trotted at his heels, and they were almost lost in the darkness of the ceiling. Crates and barrels made a maze-like barrier on the floor, but Giorgio knew his way through. Dust and neglect hung heavy over everything. Some of the stacked piles went as high as thirty feet.
A group of thieves went by him. Giorgio nodded, and they exchanged greetings. He reached the center of the massive room after seven more turns. In the middle of an open space, like a forest clearing, sat an old man at a desk. He didnt bother to look up until Giorgio stood in front of him.
Ah, Giorgio, the man said. Busy day today. Much work. He coughed, hacked up a large glob of phlegm, and spit it on the ground. The old man sniffed and handed Giorgio a paper with his work assignment. Easel Two this morning, one split. Here, they want you on the southern street this morning, no tipping.
Giorgio took the sheet without looking at it. Thanks, Cutter. I was at the market. Good prospects this morning. I think-
Cutter waved him off. Yes, yes. Thats fine. Get to it, my boy. Time is wasting.
The dog barked and raised its hackles. Giorgio knelt down and rubbed its head. Easy boy. Hush now.
The wizened old man frowned. You should either drown that mutt or feed it to the arena fighters. Put it out of our misery, would you?
Giorgio flicked his eyes up and stayed where he was, squatting down like a coiled spring. The man met his gaze, and there remained a hint of disdain in Cutters eyes. But when he saw the dark gleam in Giorgios brown orbs, the old man quailed for a moment.
Cutter cleared his throat and went back to his writing. Your assignment is set, he said. Get to it.
Giorgio stood and walked away, letting go of the dagger inside his cloak.

* * * * *

The rain continued.
All night the downpour drenched the Western Docks. By the early hours of the morning, every inhabitant, from the Dock Masters all the way down to the common workers slugging it out for coppers, was soaked down to their bones.
The workers clothes were heavy with water as if their pockets were filled with sand. Their shoulders hunched forward as they shuffled cargo from the piers and took them deep into the mammoth warehouses that lined the docks.
The dim lights from within flickered in step with the pulse of the wind, beating like a heart. Several braziers stood in metal sconces near the wide open double doors by the entrance to each warehouse. A few of them snuffed out.
To Sam Carver, a simple man slugging a sack of grain on his back down the gangplank of the ship anchored to Pier Four, the lights were of no help. It made it harder to transition from outside to inside.
Once inside, the braziers blaring near the entrance hurt his eyes. He looked away and stumbled into the man in front of him. Carver muttered an apology, but if the man heard him, he gave no indication.
Other men followed behind, and the line moved forward fast. Several high ranking Guild members stood with ledgers in their hands, watching and counting, always watching and counting. Carver saw dock master Samuel Becket speaking with another man who seemed agitated. He kept shaking his head and cursing. Becket looked unconcerned. Water dripped down from his hat and cheeks and it appeared as if the dock worker were crying.
Carver hoped the line would move faster. His arms burned holding the bag. He tried switching shoulders, but no matter where it went, he was forced to hold one arm up to the keep the bag balanced.
The air was stifling, muggy yet at the edges cold. Groans and curses floated around his head, with the occasional laugh or bit of light conversation. Carver only wanted to drop off his bag and finish his shift.
His turn came, and the official counter, a tall man with thin fingers, eyed Carver and checked something off in his ledger.
Whats inside? he said.
Carver dropped off the bag and rubbed his shoulder. Not sure, sir. I believe its beans. Got it offa Pier Four. The Perrywinkle was the ships name.
I know the ships name. You sure this is what it is? Dont make me waste my time opening to check.
I believe it is, sir.
Someone behind him chuckled. Believe? You believe? You mean you dont know.
Carver stammered and turned to face the speaker and almost smacked into a wall of black leather, studded metal, and muscle. He muttered an apology and backed up, taking his hat off to twist in his hands. No sir, I dont know. They dont tell us whats inside the bags. We jus carry em in is all.
Jerrod crossed his arms and smirked. Then what makes you think theyre beans? What makes you so sure?
Carver shrugged. Dunno. Jus smelled like beans is all. They feel like beans.
Is that right? Smelled like em. You buncha scrubs around here. It better be what you say. We got too much shit to do around here to do everything twice.
Its fine, Jerrod, the counter said. Well take care of it. Ill read the package label. This man has work to do, so let him be.
Jerrod glared at the man, and Carver was glad to no longer be the object of his attention. Jerrod was not someone to upset.
Thank you, sirs. Thank you. He nodded to them both and scooted off.
He wouldnt trade places with that man for anything. He would rather walk across the ocean carrying ten bags than spend another minute in the same room as Jerrod.

Chapter Two
The eastern side of Sea Haven was a wide expanse of open ground, very unlike the rest of the outlying region. To the south lay a marshy forest for some distance. Beyond that rocky hills, difficult to transverse while to the north lay sheer peaks to a mountain range that stretched twenty miles inland.
Thus, the only route out of the city to the east was one large road, a main thoroughfare used for the business of the merchants guild. All the goods invoiced in from the western and southern docks were processed there. Sea Havens position on the coast lent it a great deal of latitude and influence when dealing with foreign powers.
Jerrod hated this side of town. It was too far away from everything. If he was going to be forced away from the action, hed rather do it south of town at his cabin, drinking away the hours alone.
Several wagons trudged over the muddy road. Their wheels dug groves, while a man snapped the reigns and forced the horses onwards. Jerrod watched one wagon tie up off the trail and fall into a ditch. Guards hopped off and attempted to put it back on track.
Jerrod sighed and walked over. You stupid bastards! Get some planks and plug up them wheels underneath, you blasted fools. Cmon!
With his oversight, the blithering idiots pushed the wagon back inline on the roadway.
Thank you, sir, one of the men said, but Jerrod waved him on.
Shut yer face and get a move on. These goods gotta get to their destination. Move out.
When Castellan had hired Jerrod to do what he did best, the assassin hadnt known hed be doing shit work like this. The pay was excellent, but the hours were long.
There had to be better people suited to this, he thought. Those damned lazy dock masters should do it. Scum, every one of them. All they did was sit in their offices by the docks and screw little boys. Jerrod had seen it. Bastard perverts. They should be here. Instead, Jerrod was in charge of a few snotty guild members.
These merchants stood off by themselves. Four of them, clipboards and quills in hand, checking off lists and speaking with themselves in their high lilting fashion like sissy choir boys. Disgusting. They even laughed once and glanced Jerrods way, standing there in their damn finery.
Jerrod glared at them.
They frowned but looked away, fucking cowards. They had their ledgers and writing utensils. Jerrod had his men. One of them, a stocky lad named Marko, stood by the large gate leading into town and coordinated exit visas. Jerrod went over to him.
The bull necked man straightened up at Jerrods approach. Sir!
Yeah, yeah, how much more we got?
Marko looked confused for a moment then grabbed one of the merchants. The merchant looked annoyed when Marko took the ledger from him, but after a glance at Jerrod, he capitulated. Marko looked it over and then gave it back to him.
Four or five hours worth, sir.
Jerrod grumbled under his breath and frowned as he waved them on. Back to it, then. We aint got all day. And Jerrod had some drinking to get to.

* * * * *

The inn was crowded. The smell of stale wine, smoke, and body odor mixed and twisted together. It was nauseating yet so omnipresent that most patrons never noticed the smell any longer.
The floor was a mixture of crumbs and saw dust.
Raucous laughter, spouted from drunken mouths, erupted every so often, and a tense feeling of edginess permeated the air. The clatter of activity penetrated behind the bar and into the kitchen as the cooks worked their trade.
Someone nudged Giorgio in the ribs, and he realized he had lost himself in his thoughts.
Your turn, Gi, the man said. Ante up, you git. Some of us are trying to win our money back.
Laughter followed. Giorgio muttered an apology and tossed a few coppers into the pile.
The man opposite him, Stiles Garner, gave him a dark look, and the game went on. The cards were greasy and stained with spilled liquor and sweat from warm fingers. They were faded, but those that paid attention could read the cards after playing enough games.
Giorgio was such a person. He took a sip of his beer and tore off another piece of flesh from his roasted pork with his fingers, holding his hand down to the side. The dog snapped it away and gulped licked his fingers.
Stiles sat straight across from him. He tapped a finger on the table and eyed Giorgio. A small man, thin and scruffy looking, Stiles looked like hed crawled across the floor before reaching their table.
Good haul then, Stiles said. Youre playing with a big load tonight. Eh?
Giorgio saw a glint in his eye and knew from experience there was more than casual curiosity in the question.
Good enough, Stiles.
Seems like them warehouses is fillin up fast. Where they putting all that stuff? You fellas must be busy at the market, eh? Stiles flashed a crooked grin. Two teeth were missing on top and, one on the bottom.
Giorgio looked around the table. Call, he said and tossed out a silver coin.
One man snickered while Stiles snorted. Another shook his head and put his cards face down. Stiles stared at Giorgio for a moment and then shook his head.
You aint no fun, Stiles said and folded.
No ones in? Giorgio looked around the table and saw deflated faces.
All the lucks your way tonight, another man said.
The other four stared at him, and Giorgio felt uncomfortable as he put his cards down and reached over for his pot. The pile of coppers and silver grew in front of him.
Whose deal is it? Giorgio said.
Yours.
Giorgio won two of the next four hands and added to his winnings for the day. A tidy sum such as it was, considering the paltry amount men like these could lend. The night wore on, and Giorgio gave the men a chance to win their money back, but after three more hands, two of the men left, and the rest decided it wasnt enough for a proper game.
The young thief let it go at that and left the Silver Charger hours later. He spoke to a couple of dock workers he knew outside. They all looked tense, so Girogio kept his conversation short, and bade them goodnight. He walked off towards home with the dog by his heels.
Cold wind ripped through his thin brown cloak, so he pulled the hood up. Giorgio shivered and thought of the warmth of the fire he had left. Being so near the docks, the air suffused with the smell of salt water and the stink of the sewer.
Giorgio had lived in Sea Haven every second of his twenty nine years, but he did not know how many people lived there. It could have been a million. If someone asked him, he might say five thousand, but that would be short a factor of ten.
He headed northeast, towards the marketplace area he knew so well, towards the hovel he lived in. It was a long walk, but it helped to practice moving with stealth. It was the only way to improve.
The professional thief kept close to the buildings, never letting his body get too far out and exposed underneath the moonlight. Early spring lent little heat or comfort, and the harsh wind from the docks pushed through all the way from behind. It dogged his steps and froze his bones.
More fire escapes and balconies met his upward gaze. There was some clattering noise somewhere up ahead, perhaps half a block up and one block over. Giorgio slowed his pace. He saw shuffling bodies and ducked behind the corner of his building. Crouching down and peering around, he kept his hand on the dogs neck. It growled. A group of drunken idiots laughed and stumbled down the street across the way.
The dog growled again.
Easy, boy. Easy.
The group of three men moved off and out of sight between two buildings. One was tall, one fat, the other non-distinct, but all dressed better than the average Sea Haven resident. He took careful note of each man in case he saw them again that night, for it could mean they were following him.
Giorgio waited another two minutes, rose, and snapped his fingers at the dog.
A block and a half later, he smelled something different in the air. There was a familiar tang to it, the unwashed body of someone familiar, along with alcohol.
Cursing, Giorgio ducked, rolled on the dirt road and snatched up a handful of loose rocks with one hand while drawing his dagger with the other. He whipped the rocks behind him, and a man cried out. Giorgio jumped to his feet and squared up face to face with Stiles.
The dog barked and snapped at the drunken imbecile. Stiles rubbed his stinging face and snarled. He stepped forward but backed off from a ready Giorgio, standing light on his feet, dagger in front. Stiles smiled, for two more men came out from the shadows, one on each side.
Giorgio didnt wait for them to move. Instead, he jumped forward and slammed a foot into Stiles mid-section, doubling him over in pain as the air blasted from his lungs. The other men advanced, but Giorgio was already out of their reach. He turned on his heel and headed straight towards one while the other passed by the hurting Stiles to come to bear.
Giorgios direct opponent backed away, but Giorgio pursued. He stabbed at his head, and the assailant blanched and tumbled backwards. He landed flat on his backside, hands up in a protective gesture.
Please! Please, no!
Giorgio frowned. These men werent worth the effort.
The third man stood near wheezing Stiles. The dog growled and barked at their heels. Stiles looked frightened but the booze had griped his head and pushed away the fear.
You you got a a heavy purse, Gi. You took it from us.
Giorgio strode forward. The other man backed away, ever wary of the dog. Giorgio flicked his dagger at him and the man bolted. The dog stood its ground.
Stiles stood up straight. His eyes glazed from drunkenness. Your luck aint gonna last
Giorgio punched him in the mouth. Stiles head snapped back. A cracked tooth dropped from his mouth, and his eyes rolled back before he fell unconscious to the ground. Giorgio sighed and looked at his prone assailant. Near him lay a rusted knife, and Giorgio felt a pang of guilt. These men werent capable of robbing an old lady.
The thief clicked his tongue, and the dog settled to his side. Silence reigned. They were alone on the street.
Better get moving, boy.
He snapped his fingers and trotted in a circuitous route back home. The moon lit their way in a random fashion, obscured as it was by the shifting clouds. The air was chilled. He could see the section of town where the rich merchants lived off to his left in the northeast as he wound his way towards his hovel near the Old Mill Inn.
The rich part of town had street lamps, powered by a phenomenon far beyond Giorgios comprehension. It worked from something deep under the street, some gas someone told him once, a fire made into light. It all seemed impossible.
His neighborhood had none of this abnormal light. Nobody wanted to be seen at night. It made little sense.
It took him an hour to get home, stopping often to wait and watch behind him for pursuers. Waiting underneath the overhang of a derelict building, he saw a group of homeless sleep just a few feet behind him. They shivered in the cold, huddled together like dogs.
His domicile, such as it was, lay in a comfortable section of the lower quarter, near the mountainous region outside of Sea Haven. The only thing separating his three storey building and the wilderness were rusted war machines. Canon, ballistae, and other miscellaneous equipment long out of use.
Giorgio never thought for one moment who left it there and why. It had always been there. He went to a side entrance to the Bowerstone and into a narrow hallway that led to a set of rusted, rickety stairs.
There were perhaps four other people living on his floor. A total of fifteen or so occupied the entire building, and no one even used torches. No one could afford them or candles. If there wasnt a window that allowed moonlight to stream through, there wasnt any light. Giorgio had trained himself to navigate the building without it long ago.
His small room was on the corner of the building, bottom floor which gave him quick access to the outside and a clean escape plan. There was also a window. He let the dog lay down on the meager cot in the center as he checked his tiny traps set in place every morning before he left.
Everything was how he had left it. A large block of stone propped above the window with a leverage system. Should anyone be foolish enough to try and break in, their heads would be crushed. Hed learned it in the Thieves Guild. He thought it possible someone might be able to stop the stone from crushing them if they somehow held it in place from the outside, but he couldnt fathom how anyone could do it without cutting the hair on the jam.
It worked well so far, but it was almost time to change the configuration. Someone might learn it. Someone might have already learned it, and he needed to switch it up.
The dog whimpered from the cot and Giorgio sighed. Im coming, boy. One minute.
He checked the hallway once more before locking and barring his door with a metal rod found in the alleyway years ago. A self-built lock on the floor secured it in place.
He laid on the cot, and the dog licked his arm. Giorgio couldnt help but chuckle. Love you too, boy. Night.
The young thief fell asleep a second after he closed his eyes.

* * * * *

The sunlight poured through the stained glassed windows. The bountiful colors never ceased to amaze and humble Castellan. The breathtaking beauty of Tranquilitys Palace energized him every time he was there. It was Sea Havens largest and most impressive building. Arc Lector Alastair Morlin was its highest ranking official.
The stained glass windows ran from the ground up some thirty paces above ground before ending beneath a vaulted roof. Visible as well from the outside as in. A myriad of colors; red faded to pinks; blues comingled with purples, and the greens on one side morphed into the yellow colors of sunlight. The tableau of pictures was too complex to take in with a single glance, and Castellan found he saw new items every week, from a small woodland scene to the raging tempest representing Asmonds ascension to saint hood.
Nobody alive could witness the miracle of its design and not accept God as an absolute fact. Only soulless madmen would dare still spite. Castellan strolled behind a group entering the building.
In the foyer there were many familiar faces. Men and women that worshiped alongside him every week, sometimes twice a week if the busy duties of the Guild allowed him time away. Castellan dressed in his best clothes: a long red cloak, his shining armor left at home, and in its place a brown leather doublet, and silk vest. His tall boots reflected the sunlight.
Before they entered, Castellan pulled aside the captain of his guard, a young man named Lance Peyton. His helm hid his face, but Castellan could always read his eyes.
I must speak with Lord Cassius this morning, Castellan said. I want you to find his retainers at city hall and ask them for an appointment. I will ask him the same. Do you understand?
I believe so, sir. I will return before the sermon is complete.
Very good.
Castellan turned back to the others, and they went inside. He spotted a few nobles and took a minute to speak with them. One was a distant cousin to the Lord Governor Falston, a heavy set man named Oliver Damour. He had a thick black cloak and was dressed in a frock. Castellan smiled.
And how goes the guild, Castellan? Damour said. He leaned in close and whispered in his ear. I hear this is your busy time of year. I can speak with the Lord Governor about helping with the easement on the tax holdings this year.
Castellan worked hard to keep his smile. I will keep your request in mind, Lord Damour. I appreciate the interest. Thank you.
The Guild Master found Lord Cassius, the head of Sea Havens city council, Lord Governor Falstons personal aide, and most trusted confidant. He talked with several other members of the citys ruling caste. Castellan waited and watched them before approaching.
Most people nearby were eaves dropping. Castellan found it amusing they even pretended to do otherwise. These commoners acted as if they didnt care what the ruling class said or did.
Raul Parkins was the City Watch Commander. A lower level member of the council but important for Castellans plans. Parkins spoke with Manny Stewart, Sea Havens head of commerce. Cassius stood in between them, his pudgy head nodding every so often at what they said.
Castellan felt jealous. He approached them, guards walking behind. Extending his hand, he made a small bow to Lord Cassius.
My lord. Gentlemen. How fare you all? Not speaking politics in this place of holiness I trust?
Cassius gave a wane smile, and the short, pudgy man looked amused. Of course, there are better places to speak of city matters, but we fine our professions are difficult to let go, even here at Tranquilitys Palace. How are you, Master Castellan? It is a fine day.
It is indeed. A fine day for us all here in this house of worship. May I ask, since your topic of conversation is already of such things, have you spoken with Lord Falston of my proposal?
Cassius chuckled. Ah, a week may seem long to a man of ambition. Yes, I have brought it to his attention, but as you know, the Lord Governor is a busy man.
Castellan frowned. There is no greater subject than the Guild gaining membership on the city council. My organization is the life blood of the city. Sea Haven runs because of our hard work and sacrifice.
Cassius put a hand on Castellans shoulder and patted it like a parent admonishing a child. Not an appropriate place for this discussion. Perhaps we could set something up this week?
Castellan bristled but smiled. Of course. Gentlemen.
The service was about to begin. A few acolytes stood by the main entrance into the cathedrals main room. Young men dressed in white silk and red cotton.
A rush of pride struck him as he entered with these men and women. Each dressed in their best finery. These were the upper echelon of Sea Havens population, the rich, the people that changed the world for the betterment of all. They wore thick robes; the women had the most beautiful dresses with rings on their fingers and necklaces that shone in tune with the light streaming through the windows.
Castellan nodded to a few of the wealthier merchants, wishing more of his ilk would show themselves, but they were too busy working to come. He nodded to the acolytes and felt envious. He wished he could be so devoted and feverish in his faith to take up the call to join the Arc Lectors people.
In the inner sanctum, people bustled along to their pews. A beautiful fresco powerfully stained the glass windows rising so high towards the vaulted ceiling. It swirled with images from Sea Havens past, including the War for Retribution fought over four hundred years ago. It was the definitive war where this particular monarchy wrenched control from the men across the sea.
That story inspired Castellan every time he went to service, and he looked up past the wooden rafter. Most never looked; such fools. They were missing a wondrous beauty.
He filed in with the rest of the worshipers and sat on a wooden pew carved of oak. The pew before him was worn with years of leaning. Placing his own arms there to pray, as he had many times, the solidness of the build took his weight, along with many of his burdens. Breath escaped his lips as did the stress of the world.
A stage dominated the front of the room, with a dais about five feet off the ground, so everyone could see the Arc Lector. Light conversation droned around him and Castellan waited with bated breath for his mentor to arrive. His face held the soft expression of the initiated, the true believer.
The conversations around him meant nothing. Most people cannot appreciate the peace and calmness of silence.
only thing now is to deal with.
Why on earth havent you?
Oh, please, thats why I.
 wont tell him again. Not once more I say, if.
It grated his nerves. And Castellan felt his peaceful thoughts slip away into the maelstrom of discontent everyone around him expressed. If only they could just keep quiet!
Castellan was about to open his mouth and demand these fools to shut theirs, but then the Arc Lector appeared. The Guild Master sighed with relief and warmth spread through his being at the sight of the holy man.
Arc Lector Morlin was an older man, near sixty, with slim features; just like a painting Castellen had seen as a child in the former church in town. One long since torn down and replaced with this miraculous building. Castellan always believed the current Arc Lector was the saint reborn, the same spirit of the man he had seen in the painting. He had such a gentle visage; careworn and kind. Morlins eyes, however, were sharp and keen, always looking so deep within the eyes of anyone under their visage.
The Arc Lectors dress was similar to the acolytes but much more elaborate. The red robes were massive, hanging down to spill upon the floor like a broken cask of wine. Patches of white decorated the folds while a pearl vest inlaid with gold covered his chest. He wore little jewelry save a few simple rings.
Morlin carried a staff most of the time. A feathered bunch hung on one end, and tied together with a strip of copper. The Arc Lector leaned the staff against the podium, and began his sermon.
Morlin smiled as he spoke, and Castellan felt warmth spread into his chest as if the speech was directed only to him.
My fellows, my fellow sons and daughters of illumination. He broke off for a moment, and Castellan saw the beautiful old mans eyes water before he continued, bless him. It warms my heart to see you here on this wonderful day. All you beautiful people, bound together to pray and strengthen your faith, our faith. The faith in something greater than ourselves.
The sermon went on. Castellan was lost in space, empowered by the words. He closed his eyes and felt them water at one point, enraptured as he was by the words of wisdom.
There was nothing out of reach.
The next day Castellan arose refreshed and full of energy. The Guild Master awoke before dawn and jumped out of his four post bed like a war horse charging the enemy line. His silken sheets forgotten, he dressed in his military garb, long sleeves with chainmail on top a padded vest with polished plate mail.
Gerald, head of his household staff, assisted him in donning the latter. The balding man had strong hands and was tall enough to place the heavy armor over Castellans shoulders. The heavy armor felt light on him. So strong the confidence in his heart.
Going to the city officials office, is it? Gerald said as he dressed his master.
Yes, I go to ensure the future of the Guild.
Very well, sir. You look splendid.
Thank you, Gerald. Your words inspire me with confidence.
My pleasure. I will inform your guard.
Castellan met them outside. The twelve men on duty sat atop barded war horses and were armored with lances and swords. Captain Peyton wore a red cloak, very similar to those worn by the acolytes but shorter for use in battle. He nodded to Castellan. His face lost behind his silver visor, and off they went.
Their procession drew stares once they left the wealthier quarter. People stopped and gaped at the line of armored men on horseback. They looked as if prepared for war. A woman shrieked in fright as they thundered north, around the bend near the shipping yards, at a fast canter. She ran back inside her hovel, and Castellan couldnt help a grin. He could only hope they had the same effect on Cassius and the other city council members.
A few children played a game of tag in the street on the next block. Castellans lead guard almost ran over one of them. He had to rein his steed back with enough force for the animal to rear up and snort.
Damn child! the man said as the children scampered off. Off with you pitiful urchins. Shoo! Shoo!
Castellan caught up to him. Watch where youre going next time. If you ever run over a child, I will gut you. Then I will hang your remains from the guards quarters. Is that understood?
The man took a deep breath and looked cowed. Yes, sir. Wont happen again, sir. I swear it.
Castellan stared at him for a moment and then ordered them off. They spurred their horses on, kicking up muddy clomps in the ground. The road was little else but cracked dirt and split in places from the sun. The building grew taller after several more blocks as they neared the citys administrative area.
The complex was simple. Made of three or four important structures ranging from two to three stories high. Several support dwellings were only one level high and arranged in a rectangular grid that filled the entire block. The building farthest from Castellans position was the police station. The building nearest them, three stories high, was the government headquarters, office to the city council and Lord Falston with his adjutants.
Royal guards stood by in front. Each man held a large halberd at the ready. Castellan ordered one of his men to announce them.
Bring your horses around to the stables, the Royal Guardsman said. Leave your guards here.
Castellan frowned. He didnt like being ordered around, but didnt argue. There would be time for recompense later for the lack of respect.
The Royal Guardsman led him inside. The initial foyer was a small, utilitarian space, confining for a tall, armored man. Castellan was glad to move beyond it and into the building proper. The guardsman stopped and waved him on.
You know the way, sir?
Yes, thank you. Second floor. I appreciate the help. Peace be with you.
The man nodded and left.
Castellan headed for the outer office of Lord Cassius. A young man sat at a desk and told Castellan to wait on the bench by the door. Several others waited there, and Castellan stared at them; an old man, a young maiden with an older matronly woman, and a family with three young children.
Fuming, he refused to sit on the bench with the others. Perhaps he could charge through into Falstons office and meet face to face with the Lord Governor, etiquette be damned.
But no, that would not do. Castellan should be professional. The Arc Lector would not approve.
After an hour, his patience grew thin. The large family went in, and they were there for a long time. Then came the old woman and her daughter. Guild business was more important than anything these people had to talk about, and therefore should have received top priority.
The next couple of groups went in before him, and then at last, after what must have been two hours, he was shown into Cassius office. It was a large but cluttered room, with papers lying all about, unlike Muldors tidy, well kempt office by the Western Docks. The smallish, round bodied man sat behind his desk and smiled as Castellan came in.
So, Master Castellan, how may I help you this morning?
Castellan smiled. You know good and well how you can help me, he thought and held back angry words. I was hoping we could meet with your superior, Lord Falston. I believe only the Lord Governor has the power to grant my request.
Ah, yes. Your request. The previous motion your organization made about a month ago, is that correct?
Yes, membership on the city council. The Guild is an integral part of this city.
Cassius held up a hand. Yes, I read the proposal, believe it or not. He smiled. Please, Master Castellan, understand these things take time. Granting a boon such as yours must go through the proper political channels and get approval by all parties involved.
You mean voted on and passed by the current city council.
Among other things, yes. One thing to keep in mind hmmm. Listen, this is not without precedence. The City Watch, not two years ago, was granted a temporary chair amongst the council and has passed into law. But they waited, they were patient, and Raul Parkins got his wish.
Castellan felt his stomach churn. The city watch? Let me understand you if I may. The city watch is more important than The Merchants Guild?
It is not a question of importance. What concerns Lord Falston is a measure of functionality within the needs of the city.
And commerce does not function within the city?
We have a head of commerce. Some of us feel the guilds inclusion would be a bit redundant. It is nothing personal. The city appreciates what the guild does for our import and export capital. The merchants bring a lot to Sea Haven.
Yes, we do. Money, supplies, the city could not run without it! Castellan felt a flush of anger and the vehemence as his last statement came out.
Cassius sat back silent, but Castellan didnt care. His faade of calm dissipated, and replaced by frustration.
Can you even comprehend what would happen if the docks shut down? If every member of the Merchants Guild were to turn their attention somewhere else? Or if they moved to another city? Sea Haven would be lost. Our trade and even the very relations we have with other cities up and down the coast are dependent upon the Guild.
Much unlike Castellan, Cassius maintained his demeanor. Then why do you need us, Master Castellan? Why this obsession with becoming part of the city council? You and your colleagues are rich enough, arent you? You have money, influence, and you control the docks, yes. Why not buy your way onto the council? Far be it to me to suggest this, but Ive not heard of any bribes come Lord Falstons way. Or to me. I would see you have enough to go around and make that work. Dont you?
Castellan stared. That would be quite illegal, would it not?
Lord Cassius snorted. Come now. We are both adults. These things work this way at times. It is the way of the world. Your organization must be capable of circumventing the normal channels. You have the means.
Are you looking for something which you should not? I am not the man for that.
Cassius raised his hands. Oh, no, no! Of course not, Master Castellan. I was only suggesting to you that a powerful group like the merchants guild should not be swayed by mere formalities. There are always other ways.
Castellan rose. I believe this conversation is at an end. I will expect you to fulfill your promise and allow me a private visit with Lord Falston. I demand an audience.
I made no such promise, Cassius said.
Castellan stared at the politicians calm features, and it enraged him further. He forced himself to hold still, remembering what the Arc Lector said about patience and virtue. There will come a day when the Guild is looked upon with greater respect. Even fear.
Cassius only smiled.

* * * * *

Journal Entry 1133

Another two full shipments arrived today. Seven boatloads from the first, four from the next. It is interestingand a little distressingthat in my searches for consistency within the ledgers available to me, I see no relatable entries. I have spoken with all Dock Masters involved, from both docks, and none are of any assistance.

Dollenger assures me that he and his Dock Masters, Becket and Crocker, have perfect records of their transactions, yet my personal records do not correspond to their claims. An audit may be in order. I do not relish the idea. It upsets my stomach to think of doing it, but at some point the shipments must be equalized.

The Southern Docks are much the same. Del Muggar sides with Gunnar Lawson on the topic of unequal ledgers, for two very important shipments from Janisberg, the city to the south. They are our most important trading partner. A pox on them both if the numbers stay out of flux.

None of them wished me well on my recent promotion, and I am at a loss as to how I should feel about it. Not the lack of joyful celebration in my colleagues but the position itself. What am I to make of it? The mandate from Castellan is simple: do what I tell you or be killed.

That my predecessor met his fate at the hands of members of the assassins guild is too obvious to ignore. I am no fool. I see Jerrods hand in this. The vile man has been seen in the company of Castellan so often of late, it is clear neither is much too worried over being seen together; or so my informants tell me. I suppose I can trust them to at least report the rumors with accuracy. Whether each bit of gossip is true is not my concern. Only that there exists the possibility.

The thieves will become troublesome, I know it. They are a proud bunch, and once word gets out of the fate of their beloved leader, I foresee a rebellion, one that will have our Guild struggling for purchase in an unforeseeable world, one with pratfalls even a paranoid man such as Castellan cannot predict.

The tide strikes the wharf. It is inevitable. I am a mere man. I can only control my own world of these papers and shipments within my demesne. I can hold them accountable for that at least.

Chapter Three
The boxes seemed to get heavier by the day. Huge wooden boxes, stuffed with blacksmith paraphernalia they told him. Line after line of boxes, on and on with no end. The dock workers didnt complain. They only worked, day by day, hour after hour.
Carver thought his arms would fall off before they finished. He took a few moments respite on the chilly afternoon and wiped his forehead with a small rag. No mans arms should be able to lift such things without being pulled from their sockets. It was impossible. But they were strong lads.
He felt like an old man rather than a middle-aged father of family years. The work had become dull and monotonous the last few weeks. The other workers looked how he felt, exhausted and fret with stress. The perpetuity could not last. Working the docks had never been the most enjoyable job, but this was different. It was hardship beyond belief.
A few of the others finished dropping off their boxes and sat with Carver. There were three of them, young and strong lads with thick builds and dirty faces. One of them, a fair haired man with calloused hands who stank of tobacco, glanced at Carver.
Hey Sam, he said while the other two spoke with one another. You gonna come out this evening with us? We got some fun, uh, activities lined up.
Carver rubbed his neck. It meant gambling, whores, and drinking. Nah, I got some things to do at home. Not feeling like to go out with ya. Got no money anyhow. Sorry, son.
The man scoffed. You got money comin today, we all do. Cmon, Carver, come with us. Lots of fun to be had.
Carver shook his head. Too much work to be doing here. Maybe next time. Thanks, though. And he headed back to his ship assignment.
The air was chilled and saturated with moisture, so much different than the previous day had been, where the sun had beat down on the their backs. Carver breathed in deep the salty air. He never minded it.
The strong smell of fish annoyed his wife when he worked the fishermens boats. His son and daughters begged him to bring home the actual fish but that was not always possible. Of late, however, he was assigned along with most of the other simple workers to new ships and heavier loads.
Up the gangplank, he had to step aside to let two men pass with their crate and then down to the main hold. It was a bottomless jungle with an unending supply of cargo. Carvers balance shifted as a swell hit the ship and rocked back on its mooring. The dock worker steadied himself on the wall. The spot was slick with wetness.
The hold looked very similar to the warehouses. Torches lined the walls while stacked crates covered the floor. This specific collection was unusual, for it carried all the same shaped containers. Most ships carried different goods, even from the same vendor. Casks of wine, bags of grain, whatever they were selling, but this hold seemed special as if the merchant on the other end sold only one item.
Get moving, you, someone said behind him and nudged him forward.
Carver stumbled but nodded. Yes, sir.
Jerrod, like a demon out of nowhere, shoved him again, and Carver hurried on to get in line for pick up. His heart raced being near the man.
Move them boxes up there. Now!
Carver wasted no time in complying. Yes, sir. Sorry sir.
Jerrod snorted and grumbled something about slugs. Carver shuffled forward to the pile of wooden crates. All nailed together like coffins; thick and heavy, with metal casings that locked the contents away from prying crowbars.
Carver noticed a few guards around, most of them Jerrods boys, strong fellows with only black vests covering their torsos and thick arms. They wore simple swords at their waists and black boots. Security but Carver had no clue what for. The normal guards were absent.
He was pushed forward to the next crate. It was much too heavy for him, so he waited until Jenkins, a long time co-worker, came close enough to lend a hand. The room was crowded, and if Jerrod and his boys wanted things moved along, they werent helping matters much by yelling at everyone.
Jenkins grunted and tugged one end of the box, and Carver put his feet down solid before lifting. They struggled and carried it above decks. The air was balmy, and the wind whipped Carvers hair about his face. He felt a lull in his energy. The past several days had been brutal work, and fatigue had long set in this day. His grip loosened.
Jenkins eyed him. Lift it, Carver. Cmon now. Lets get this finished.
It would never be finished.
There were too many men around them, all jostling and struggling with boxes. The whole area brimmed with confusion and chaos. Carvers arms strained with the hold.
Put this down, Carver said. Just a sec. I cant, I cant lift it.
All right, all right, Jenkins said, and they put it down.
The men in front moved on, and then all of a sudden more were behind them, yelling to get moving. Carver groaned, but he and Jenkins picked their brutal burden up again and walked on. On the boardwalk one group of men had dropped their crate and cracked the outer container. Metal innards spilled out, and Carver shook his head. This is what happens when they push us too much, he thought.
Move on, Carver, a man behind him said.
The gangplank had wooden grooves nailed down every foot and a half, but it was also slick with water from the misty morning haze. Carver had the harder portion of the lift because he was in front while Jenkins pushed back from above and behind. Carver carried the box with both hands behind his back, like a criminal in shackles.
Shouts erupted from below where the plank met the pier proper, and the line slowed to a standstill. Men on board yelled back.
Cmon, boys!
Move it on!
Whats this?
Hey now, we gotta get this offa here. Lets go!
Carver felt the strain on his fingers increase. He was not built like the younger lads were. He wasnt one of the bigger men like Jenkins and Billy.
Easy there, Carver, Jenkins said but the words went unheeded. Carver breathed heavy and started lowering the box, his fingers slipping. Easy!
Carver stumbled, and the shift in weight from his end caused Jenkins to slip with his body forward. The box hit the back of Carvers knees and he cried out. Hold on, I aint got it! Wait, son! Wait!
The box went forward and Carvers grip loosened. The box scraped across the back of his legs and ripped into his left calf muscle. Yelling in pain, the crate tumbled to the side. It hit the gangplank, and the wood cracked. Carver found himself on his knees in agony. Jenkins and other men were yelling.
Carver reached for the crate, but the damage was done. Splinters jammed his hands as he grabbed the shattered box, and the metal contents sank into the sea. Jenkins and a few others tried to help, but the confines of the plank were too tight. One man fell over the side and was rescued from the water by another sure hand.
No, no, no! Carver said as snatched up as many of the objects, short swords wrapped in leather, as he could. The weapons cut his hands as they loosened in their wrappings.
He and Jenkins laid there helpless as several of the weapons fell off the plank and splashed into the water. They lost at least a dozen, a fortune in wages the two men would now be responsible for. Carver gave a little whimper when he thought of the consequences. It was money he didnt have. He couldnt have it without a month or two of straight work, and there would be no coin to spare for anything else.
A supervisor came up from the wharf to see to the commotion and eyed the two of them with disdain. Whats this now?
Carver held his injured arm to his chest along with a few of the spilled swords.
He dropped the damn box, Jenkins said. The man was down on his knees as well and looked at Carver with accusation. Stupid weakling.
The supervisor frowned and ordered the men to help them pick up the rest of the weapons scattered across the plank. One of them helped Carver to his feet, an older man, close to his own age, named Mason. He shook his head at Jenkins and stared daggers at the supervisor.
It werent Carvers fault, see? Dammit, this is hard on all of us. Why we gotta move this stuff in so fast? This aint our regular lot. Its too heavy. The guilds got people to do this kinda work. Get them
What the hell is goin on out here?
The question was roared by Jerrod, who came up to the edge of the gang plank and shoved people out of his way. His face was beet red, and he stared at the spilled swords and huffed. Carver felt frightened at the sight of him. Jerrod stood there like an enraged bull as people dispersed around him, pushed back by his awful presence. He stared at Carver and then to Jenkins, committing them to memory for the hopeful moment when he could murder them with his hands. Carver saw a dark future open in front of his eyes.
The poor worker scooted away but too many people stacked behind.
The supervisor started organizing the others. Pick that up, boys. Lets get this cleaned up. Master Jerrod, sir, theres no problem here, just dangerous conditions is all. No problem. Well try to get them pulled from the water, if we can. Not too deep here.
Jerrod didnt listen, he only stared that wicked, dark stare at Carver. The dock worker felt sick.

* * * * *

Giorgio awoke with a start.
Some errant noise had disturbed him, and he sat upright on his cot. The dog already jumped around barking. He pulled a knife from under the mattress and ran to the window, a mere step away.
Peeling back the dirty shade he peered outside. Someone was fighting in the alleyway. It was commonplace in the neighborhood. Giorgio kept his body hidden while a brutal beating took place.
Three men had a fourth down on the ground, taking turns kicking and punching. The three assailants dressed in rags while the beaten man wore nicer clothes, even what could be considered finery. Giorgio shook his head. Pompous clown. Only a fool or a lunatic would dress that way around these parts. Perhaps one of the muggers had drawn him here. Maybe they used some ploy to get at him, some false cry for help from one of their female compatriots, a lure.
They continued kicking him until he stopped moving. Maybe he wasnt so stupid, Giorgio thought. They picked his pockets and took a sizable purse off his waistband, and the three men, whomever they were, ran off in different directions.
Giorgio wondered why they even bothered. There was no one around to care, no lawman dumb enough to be in this neighborhood. He sighed and turned back to his room. While getting dressed, he fed the dog some scrap and ate a little himself.
By the suns angle, it was past mid-day. That might be another reason the man had been mugged with such ease. Most people assumed no one was ever robbed in broad daylight. Most people were wrong. Either way, it was time for him to get moving.
The dog followed him as he went downstairs, jumping over some refuse left by miscreants and homeless that slept some nights in the hallways. They made their way to the Old Mill Inn.
The streets were busy with people running about on superficial errands. Giorgio didnt understand it at all. These people bustled with their normal jobs, working for pennies with no passion. Better to fight on your feet than live on your knees.
Giorgio kept to the side streets with his hood down, walking with a purpose through the alleyways. He never made eye contact with anyone. Even people living near his own social strata never stayed long enough for it to matter.
At the inn, Giorgio saw several members of his guild outside the back door. That surprised him as they never dwelled long after getting their assignments. Of them was Webster, an older thief Giorgio trained with years ago, and Anders, a young thief fresh from certification. Giorgio slowed and tried to hear the ambient conversation before getting too close. Whatever the problem was, it couldnt have included him on a personal level, so he approached without fear.
But here was fear to be had of another kind.
Hey Giorgio, Webster said and grabbed him by the shoulder pulling him close. You hear about this shit? You hear about it? Huh?
Giorgio pried his hand off and looked at the others. They all looked upset.
What is this? Giorgio said.
Hes just a cranky old man, another thief, Carson, said. He shook his head and puffed on a cigarette.
You keep quiet, Webster said and glared at the younger man. You should be as upset as me, you damn fool. If you had half a head, youd
Giorgio grabbed his arm. Tell me what the problem is.
But none of you young fools got any sense at all! Do ya?
Giorgio shook the older man. Talk to me and tell me whats going on!
Webster pushed a piece of twisted paper in his face. Look here, G! Right here on this paper. Go in and see for yourself. Get your assignment if you dont believe me. Go on.
Giorgio took the paper and looked. The assignment, direct from the upper echelon of the Thieves Guild, put Webster on work detail with the docks, slugging it out with the simple dock workers.
Giorgio dropped his arm, and Webster snagged the paper back. You see, Giorgio? You see? This is what its come down to! They letting us go. No more Thieves Guild. This is the end, boys!
Giorgio frowned. The others argued with Webster. Some told him he was overreacting; others said the man was right.
Where is Turner? Giorgio said. We need to speak with him. Hell do something.
Webster scoffed. No ones heard from him. He aint around. Been paid off. Turner doesnt give a damn! Our masters as crooked as the rest of them.
Anders sighed. I heard hes dead. They killed him.
Murmurs erupted from the group.
What? Who killed him?
Youre mad!
They cant kill Turner. Hes too smart for that.
Theyd never kill him. They wouldnt.
Im going inside, Giorgio said. You people get to work. Whatever it is, we need to do what they say for now. This cant be permanent.
Giorgio twisted through the bags of grain, stacked crates, and other items that filled the vast labyrinth of the thieves stash. Voices murmured in a heated discussion as he neared Cutters table. Several other thieves argued with the old man who looked as if he were about to explode.
Cutters wrinkled face was red, and his wispy hair a mess. Ive told you people for the last time! These are your assignments. There have been some changes to the protocol, and you must adhere to the new doctrines. This is your guild. Are you members or are you not?
The men stammered.
Yeah, Cutter, but this aint fair! said a short little man named Carl. I was supposed to work the betting tents this week. This was my chance to become an elite.
Im afraid that individual plans of advancement must be placed on hold for the time being, Cutter said. For the betterment of our Guild.
He glanced at Giorgio as he came within the small oasis amongst the cavernous supplies. His eyes were suspicious.
Good morning, Giorgio.
Giorgio nodded and came up to the table. Cutter. Im here for my assignment.
Cutter handed him one. It was an assignment for common workers, on the docks, working piers one through three. Giorgio took a deep breath and nodded.
Thanks. Im going there now. Have a good day, Cutter.
Cutter smiled as Giorgio walked away. See, gentlemen and ladies, follow the example set by one of your veterans. Do the work, see us through this temporary crisis, and all will be well.
The thieves murmured, but it was less boisterous. Giorgio walked out of the maze and onto the western docks to start his day. It wasnt worth fighting over at the moment. This was how the Thieves Guild survived, through trust and codependency. An individual would have a hard time of it in this city. Still, it always behooved one to check into things a little deeper.
On his way to the docks, he stopped in at a simple structure. A building nestled behind the massive warehouses that dwarfed the surrounding area east of the western docks. There was a light on inside, and Giorgio felt a glimmer of normalcy at the sight. The man within was always accountable.
The thief opened the door without knocking and strode inside. Muldor glanced up from his desk with slight annoyance, scribbling away as always. When he saw Giorgio, he frowned and went back to writing. Giorgio watched him work for a few moments, crossing his arms while leaning against the door.
Is there something I can do for you, Giorgio? Im quite busy.
Youre always busy.
Such is the life of a professional. You should know this as well as I.
Giorgio scoffed. He strolled around the room, eyeing the fireplace and the cold pot there. It was empty of even water. He shook his head. You never were any good at taking care of yourself, Muldor. Such a shame your mother didnt live long enough to raise you. It would have suited you better I think.
At last Muldor put his quill down. He seemed exasperated. Is there a reason for your visit?
Giorgio spun to face him and smiled. Now, now, no need for hostilities. I was only pointing out your lack of personal attention. You should be better to yourself. All this work itll be the death of you.
He walked over to the desk and looked Muldor in the eyes. I think you know why Im here, though. Dont you?
Muldor gave him his normal blank stare that revealed nothing. Having trouble with your laundry I assume. I hear the fishmongers wife is very skilled in that area. I can ask her to give you a good rate. She is fair.
Giorgio put his knuckles down on the table. Dont play coy with me, Muldor. You know me better than that. What is this all about? What does Castellan have planned? Tell me.
Master Castellan has Guild business, and Guild business only, on his mind. To suggest otherwise is both rude and incorrect. Not to mention a slight on my honor.
Dont give me that. The Thieves Guild is part of this now, whatever hes planning. What gives him the right to use us on the docks? You cant find enough hired slugs to get the job done?
If you arent happy in your chosen profession, I suggest a change. Perhaps get a job on one of the sailing vessels. I hear they always need cooks. There are plenty of fishing nets to repair. You might make a fine seamstress. You have skillful fingers, Giorgio.
Giorgio kept his composure. He knew this was how Muldor always was, deflecting serious conversation with attempts at humor. A smart ass.
I dont know what your boss is up to. And I know youre an honest man, Muldor. So Ill save my anger for him. But this wont end well. You know that.
Muldor glanced over, a slight amount of compassion in his eyes, then went back to his writing.
Giorgio went to the door and stared out the window. The docks and harsh work there awaited him, and the thief had no intention of obliging.
See ya around, Muldor, he said without looking back.

Chapter Four
The light of the candle flickered and sputtered. It was too near the window, but he could not summon the time to pull it back. Castellan didnt enjoy reading. He couldnt understand Muldors obsession with books, but here was a valuable document.
Hes sure of it? he said to Lance Peyton, and his captain of the guard nodded.
Yes sir. I got it from one of Jerrods men this afternoon. He says if we want to disrupt the councils uh, enjoyment, this is the place to start. Cassius and Falston in particular uses these supplies.
Castellan smiled a wicked grin. Theyll see how important the Guild is now, wont they? They cant live without these fineries. What a wonderful tool to use against these men.
Lance stood still as Castellan poured over the list, compiled over days of observation and bribes of the governors household staff. Cassius, along with every member of the city council, was watched as well. As Guild Master of the Merchants Guild, Castellan had the power to withhold almost every single item they used day to day. It was a subtle use of his power but an effective one.
He made a few notes on a separate sheet of paper and handed it off to Peyton. Give this to Muldor; inform the Dock Masters I wish to see them. I want every item on that list restricted for each member to which it is assigned. Well see how they like it when their favorite things are kept from them. Then they will understand the importance of the Guild.
Peyton ran off.
Castellan smiled, thinking the Arc Lector would be proud of him. The holy man always said to be peaceful first.

* * * * *

The light from the candle flickered. The little girl passed her hand over again and again. She sucked her teeth when her palm stayed too long, enjoying the sensation of pain it brought her. If her mother caught her, she would chastise the young girl, but Marissa did it anyway.
Her seven year old younger brother Willard, half her age, watched Marissa with morbid fascination as she drew her hand back and forth across the flame. Gertrude, five years old, giggled and squealed when Marissa held it there too long and groaned in pain.
Their mother yelled from the bedroom, the only other room in their modest home. Marissa could hear her infant brother Robert, crying from there.
You children get ready for dinner! Get that fire ready, please darlings. Your father will be home soon, but I have to feed the baby first.
Willard made a face, but he was always the first one to comply with their mothers orders. He went to the fireplace and loaded up another block of wood, struggling to get the large cooking pot into place. Marissa sighed. Willard was such a baby.
Cmon, Gertie. Lets help little Willy. He might burn himself or set the house on fire again.
Gertrude giggled and followed her to the fireplace.
Did not! Willard said. He pushed and heaved and dragged the pot on its crane over in place, but couldnt lift it high enough to hook the metal bar connecting the mantel. Marissa grabbed it and put it in place.
Go grab the vegetables, both of you, Marissa said.
They moaned but did as they were told. Willard took some onions off the counter and carried them over while Gertrude tried to reach some dry looking carrots in the cupboard. Marissa sniffed at them. The onions didnt smell right.
She took them to the sink along with the carrots and carved off enough of the spoiled section to make them worth cooking. There would be less stock, but she thought they had enough to make a decent meal. Either way, it would have to do.
Owww!
Marissa looked over at Willard sucking his finger. He started crying.
What happened? What did you do? she said.
Nothing! I want momma! I want momma!
Marissa shushed him, but he wailed. She tried to cover his mouth, but the young boy was too incensed to be quieted. Not without knocking him over the head, which she considered.
Her mom came running out the bedroom to Willard. She grabbed him and squatted down.
As her mother fawned over her baby, Marissa continued to work on the stew. Little baby, she thought. Cry, cry, cry all you want, you dont matter in this household. I matter. I get things done.
Marissa, honey, get those potatoes and put them in, her mother said. I want it done before father gets here.
Yes, mother.
Her mother ran around, picking up a wooden horse, a single toy they all shared, along with Marissas doll.
Did you set the table, loves?
Not yet, mother.
Oh, please help you mother, dears. Your father will be home soon. Help out your poor mother.
But we are helping, mother, Gertrude said, but she was doing nothing. The young girl hugged their mothers legs, and the woman stopped to pat her on the shoulder. We made the stew.
Wonderful. Now go get the table ready, love. Your father will be home any minute, and I want things ready.
They will be, mother, Marissa said, exasperated.
Fine, Marissa, fine. But I want things nice and ready. Your father is tired these days and doesnt need
Well do it, mother!
Their mother sighed, and Marissa didnt turn around to see her face, but she knew the look there. Marissa stirred the pot, adding the potatoes from the cupboard while the others set the table.
But their father didnt arrive. The children whined about being hungry, but their mother told them to wait. After another hour, the stew still simmering in the pot, she relented and allowed them to eat some stale bread.
Marissa gnawed on the hard bread, wishing she could dip it in the stew and soften it up as she always did. They stared at the lone window by the door but still nothing.
They sat at the table not speaking. Marissas mind wandered. She thought of the night to come, when the others would turn to sleep and the freedom after. Long after the sun set, and their father still absent, her mother served the stew at last. They doled out a helping for their missing father.
It grew cold long before their dock worker father arrived. When he opened the door, their mom ran over and grabbed the bedraggled man.
Sam Carver, where have you been? What happened? Where were you? Dont ever do that!
Carver grabbed her hands and kissed them. Now, now, darling, all is well. He disengaged from her, smiled, and hung his hat by the door on a nail. I jus uh, working some odd shifts is all, trying to make some extra money, love. Thats all. How is my darling Sally?
Sally put her head on his chest and almost whimpered. Carver put a gentle hand on her head and patted it. Hush now, Sally. Hush. All is well. I am here now. He looked around the room at the others. Children, how are you? Have you listened to your mother while I was gone? Have you been good to her?
A chorus of yeses followed while he opened his arms. Come give me a hug, children. Your father has had a long day.
Marissa couldnt help but smile and do as he asked. The man laughed and stumbled back as the three children replaced their mother and grabbed him about the waist.
Carver squeezed them hard. Now, what have we for dinner? I must say, my lovelies, I am famished. Hard at work is hard at eating they say. What have we?
The rest of the evening passed in more similar fashion as all the others. The uneasiness Marissa felt within herself disappeared, replaced by casual familiarity. Their father told them of his day with little Gertrude sitting on his lap.
Marissa feigned interest, giggling when her father described the latest accident at the docks. A man had dropped a crate of lobsters and another man had slipped and fallen onto them, cursing and sputtering all the while fighting with the loosed beasts. Marissa wished she could have seen it.
The night wound down, and they were sent to bed. Mother and father in the lone bedroom with infant Robert, and the three older children slept on a large cot in the front room. The parents never shut their door, and while Marissa and the others lay together, lined up like sardines in a can, she waited to hear the telltale sound of them sleeping.
After a time she heard the slight rumbling snore of her father and her mothers restless feet, kicking every so often against the wall.
Marissa counted to one hundred to make sure and then arose. Gertrude and Willard were still wide awake, staring at her with a mixture of fright and curiosity. The older girl glared at them, and they said nothing.
She got dressed in heavier clothing, for the night was cold, and went to the front door. Since it was prone to creaking, it was with considerable trepidation that Marissa cracked it open a foot. It made no sound. Her brother and sister sat up in the bed, and Marissa shook her head with her best look of intimidation.
Willard slapped his hand over Gertrudes mouth while his hung open. Marissa opened the door farther, almost enough for her to squeeze her body between it and the jam, and waited again. Not a sound. Then it was open enough to fit her head and shoulders. Gertrude and Willard watched her, but being so close to freedom made Marissa brave.
She stepped one foot over the threshold and held her breath. The wind chose at that moment to gust and almost ripped the door from her hands. Sucking in a breath, she held on, lest it bang into the outside of the home. The wind pulsed and died.
Marissa opened the door and snuck outside. There, she didnt care if her parents knew of her escape or not. They had no control over her. She was free. Out here, she was under no ones guidance but her own.
The night air chilled her lungs. A cemetery was located a few blocks from their home; a place that fascinated Marissa since she was a babe.
It had taken years to work up enough courage and skill to leave the house without her parents noticing. She felt drawn to the city, and the first time she felt brave enough to leave her home at night, Marissa had found the cemetery within a few minutes.
The rickety spiked fence rose only to her chest, and twisted thorns had overgrown. Tall grass stuck out from the other side where the gravestones lay. Most of the surrounding land was in a similar state. The neighboring buildings were derelicts used by squatters. Dilapidated structures lined with dry vegetation, some no more than half walls and crumbled bits of shattered masonry. Beyond the graveyard to the east was a refuse pile, where most people in that part of town dumped their garbage. East of that were the beginnings of rolling foothills.
Marissa climbed the fence and walked up a well-worn path through the overgrowth of foliage, which crept over and threatened to cover the path forever. Most of the gravesites had no headstones; only wooden stakes driven down into the hard ground. The few stone blocks that stood were either cracked or had their letterings worn away by time.
Still, some of the blocks could be read. She saw a familiar marking on one headstone. The name said, Miles Kirkson. He died seventy years ago, aged fifteen. Marissa always wondered what the boy looked like, how he had died, and what he might think of her if they could ever meet.
Marissa often daydreamed of this Miles. A boy she never met, could never meet. She often sat in front of his gravestone and smiled at the thought of his life. She wondered about his life, imagined his family, and thought to see if there was a family of Kirksons in Sea Haven. But always the omnipresent pall of sadness lingered in her thoughts as she wondered how he had died at such a young age.
Various objects, dirt, leaves, even a torn branch, had covered the gravestone since her last visit, and Marissa cleared it away. The idea of his name being covered and forgotten pained her.
In the back of the cemetery, near the opposite end of the fence, all alone by itself, was a small mausoleum. It was the tallest structure in the yard, and to Marissa it was gigantic. But in reality it was no more than five feet cubed at the base. With a pointed roof that stretched above her head, the building was simple but austere.
Standing before it, she closed her eyes and concentrated. A chill, born of the supernatural, seized her body. Goose pimples sprung up on her arms, and she shivered. A presence had arrived. Marissa opened her eyes.
There came movement on the right side of the standing crypt. A simple shape, coming closer to her, and distinct in the moonlight. It had the torso of a man, amorphous with a rough outline, and a lower half that trailed off below the waist to nothing more than a wispy tail.
The entire apparition could be called transparent, but it had undeniable solidity. Marissa believed that with every fiber of her being that it was real. She first saw it some weeks ago. It crept around the side of the building, its fingers, little more than tendrils, feeling along the edge. It peered at Marissa, and she felt a trill of pleasure.
Dont be shy, she said and crept closer, holding out her hand. Its me. You remember me, dont you? Come over here.
The apparition came closer, hovering a few feet off the ground. It peered around behind her, at the rest of the cemetery, but its gaze found her eyes and locked like an eagle taking aim on its prey.
Marissa walked closer and held out a hand. The ghost snatched it, and a shocking coldness wafted through her flesh. It almost felt substantial enough to touch her. A tremor shook her frame.
The spirit smiled. The tiny vestiges of humanity took hold of its features. Its eye sockets and nose gaped pits of blackness and the teeth a sliver of space. She saw a depth of sadness beyond her comprehension in the back where his eyes should have been.
Glad you came back. Missed you.
Marissa smiled but felt disconcerted. I missed you, Hodge. Its been hard for me to get away. Why do you look so sad? Im sorry I havent been here in so long.
Hodge brushed his hand across her arm again, and her back quivered. She gasped.
No troubles. No worries. My thoughts are not for young. Or the living. How does your life fare and that of your family? Tell me of them now.
Joy returned as she discussed her recent life with him. Hodge was a good listener. He waited with great patience as she explained how her teacher hated her and how a boy named Jeremy would tease her and pull her hair. She didnt like that. The boy smelled like cabbage, and she hated cabbage.
The teenage girl didnt notice, but there was a deep hunger in the ghosts eyes, one even Hodge would not have known he projected. It grew stronger as she spoke and would grow stronger still.

* * * * *

The tangy salt water, so sufficed as it was in the surrounding air and so integrated into the memories of his youth, could only comfort Muldor as the Guild man walked the docks. The warm glow of nostalgia clung to him as did a sleeting rain, clinging to his clothes and weighing him down like a child on his back,
The dock workers were busy, and Muldor watched the drab men lug cargo from the ships to the warehouses, the ships to the warehouses, on and on per normal. These men were being ground down. They looked like refuges from a war, with dirty faces and clothes wearing away like their bodies. Simple hats protected them from the harsh conditions, and toes poked out of worn out shoes.
Muldor had never liked the working conditions at the docks, and he had fought once or twice for increased their pay and more breaks, but the other Guild members had always voted him down. He hoped that now he was second in command, it might be possible to change that. But that was a consideration for another time.
Samuel Becket, the Dock Master in charge of Piers Four through Six, was in the middle of his warehouse, ordering the distribution of goods. A large shipment of glassware came from Caldihare in the north. Becket was a younger man, well built and handsome, unlike the majority of his ilk. He looked at Muldor with a slight expression and wariness in his eyes.
Yes? Muldor, what brings you here? Were a little busy.
The Dock Master smiled and picked up a glass vase from a crate. He rubbed off the packing materials used to protect it in transport. A rather large example of red glass with smoky white entwined in an artistic pattern lost on Muldors sensibilities.
Beautiful, isnt it? Becket said. I have a few like this from the same artisan. Wonderful work.
Yes, its fantastic. Becket, I have a personal request to bring to your attention.
Becket raised his brow. You? A personal request? Well now, thats new. What is it?
Muldor handed over a sheet with a request to transfer a dock worker to the shipping yards.
Sam Carver, Becket said and read the rest of the sheet. Hes your cousin, isnt he?
Yes. There was an incident a week ago. He and some of his fellow workers have been forced to cover the cost of the lost cargo. This has put a strain on his finances and a strain between the men of his work gang.
Becket looked at him and then looked back at the sheet. Ill see what I can do. But no promises.
Muldor felt an argument form in his mind. It almost made it out to his tongue, but it died there. The Dock Masters, while members of the Guild, had total power when it came to the day-to-day of the docks. There was nothing Muldor could do about changing anyones mind.
Outside there was yelling near another warehouse to his right. Muldor watched as three men, whom he recognized as thieves, crouch down in a casual but ready stance, hands near their hips and daggers. They faced off against a group of merchants, Billy Marwood, Candor Jacobs, and two of their assistants. Men Muldor knew by sight only.
Several dock workers stood in a circle around the confrontation, at least a dozen strong. They said nothing as the argument escalated. The thieves were animated, shouting at the two well-dressed gentlemen. They should have been intimidated, but Muldor knew they were too arrogant to comprehend the threat the thieves represented to their persons. They pointed their fingers at the thieves and scolded them about something Muldor couldnt hear, but the meaning was clear. They werent happy.
Muldor was too far to understand the words and contemplated walking over and settling the dispute, but as he took a step forward someone came out from the other warehouse. The familiar bent figure of Melvin Crocker, the Dock Master for Piers Seven, Eight, and Nine.
The crotchety old man waved his arms at the thieves, and they backed up together in unison like a practiced dance. Their hands were ready on their daggers. Crocker either didnt see the move or was too thick headed to care. He admonished them further, and the thieves argued back.
The crowd gathered strong with more men dropping their boxes and bags of grain to watch the drama unfold. Muldor frowned.
He saw the thick-shouldered Jerrod push his way through the men. He shoved dock workers aside as if they were wayward children. Muldor slid away from the scene; some unbidden desire to not be seen by the man willed his muscles to move.
Jerrod reached the argument, and everyone took notice. He was not a presence to be ignored. He shouted at Crocker first, and even from Muldors position the words could be heard.
I said, get your ass back in your hole, Crocker! Move it!
The old man stammered, and his hands shook as he tried to wave a finger in Jerrods face. But it wasnt happening. He turned away and crawled back to the warehouse, holding his face.
Jerrod turned back to the thieves and said something to them in a lower voice. Whether out of respect or conspiracy Muldor would never know. Hed seen enough. Whatever happened he could trust the block-headed brute to get them back to work. That was all that mattered.
Muldor went back to his office and forgot what he saw.

Chapter Five
Lord Cassius threw down the ledger sheet and looked more frustrated and annoyed than Castellan had ever seen him.
Preposterous, I say, the Deputy Governor said and crossed his arms. There has never been a shortage of these items for as long as I have been receiving them.
Castellan smiled and did his best to look empathetic. It took practice. I know, I know, it is perplexing. We have already spoken with the sellers in question and are looking into it. Would you care for some more wine?
Lord Cassious frowned and waved off the servant. No. No, thank you.
They sat in Castellans home, in his office room where he preferred to discuss business. The Guild Master never understood the need to travel to work when the convenience of home was so enticing. It also put everything he needed a hands breadth away. Not to mention his servants and guards felt more at home, and his visitors did not.
Lord Cassius looked uncomfortable. He kept twitching and straightening his overcoat. The lord had a mousy face, with a large forehead, bland hair that plastered his head, and a paunch for a stomach.
So, is there anything else you wish to bring to my attention, Lord Cassius? I am, of course, a very busy man. If we are to get to the bottom of this mystery, then I need as much of my time spent thus. Im sure you understand.
What is your time frame? Some of the nobles, as you know, rely on various items for day to day needs. Shampoos, soaps, candles, they have become accustomed to.
Yes, of course. It is distressing. We of the Guild understand your quandary and are doing our best to rectify the situation. You believe that, dont you?
Cassius dropped his earlier faade, and his face grew stern. I believe you would use any advantage you have in this little maneuvering posture of yours. Whatever you have planned, this is part of it. Im not stupid, Castellan.
Of course not. And its Guild Master Castellan. I expect to be shown the proper respect, at the very least in my own home.
Lord Cassius inclined his head. Do forgive for the breach in etiquette, Guild Master. I am not myself. Im afraid I am too long in the life of luxury, and the loss of certain items in my life has made me cranky. He smiled. Perhaps when this situation is resolved by your fine organization, you and I can share a cup of the finest Balthursian wine.
Castellan smiled and sat back. I would like nothing better. Now, please, forgive me for being a poor host, but I do indeed have many things to attend to. Gerald will show you out.
The Deputy Governor didnt look happy, but he stood and left.
Castellan smiled as his mind wandered, imaging the next few days and what could be made of this new development. He stood and went to the window, staring out into the city, his city.
Things were looking more like home every day.

* * * * *

The men would not stop following him.
Giorgio had caught sight of them early on. It wasnt easy; they were professionals. Men whose job was not to be seen. Giorgio, however, understood the telltale signs of covert operations; the subtle stares that strangers give and the sudden walking away when he approached one of them.
There were at least two, but the thief suspected another out of sight. It was what he would have done. Chasing people was for street thugs, for men not protected by the Guild, for fools that got thrown in jail and hanged. That happened to independent thieves.
These men tonight were not thieves. The slight glimpses of their faces gave him nothing. They wore black hoods, black cloaks, black gloves so typical. Giorgio wondered why they didnt just print assassin on their backs. It would be more honest.
Standing by the edge of a building in the shipping yard district, he crouched down and heard pounding hammers as workers repaired the ships that came in. In a twist of irony, this was the job for which he had been assigned two days ago by the Guild. The merchants guild was undoubtedly behind it; not his Guild.
Working for the merchants, hammering away like some slug. It was a better assignment than the docks but not by much. Yet some of the thieves worked there, the weak ones.
Giorgio watched one of his pursuers as the man stopped on another corner. The assassin had to know that Giorgio knew. It had become obvious, and yet the charade continued.
And it had worked in their favor, for Giorgio lost the other two. He breathed in and concentrated. They were watching him, and if they knew, he knew, then think blasted fool! Think and save yourself. It occurred to him that perhaps they wanted something other than to kill him.
Giorgio felt confident in his fighting ability, but these men were trained, professional killers, and if even half the rumors were to be believed, much too good for him to handle one on one, let alone against three.
The young thief closed his eyes and steadied his breathing. An old technique taught to him by his mentors at the Thieves Guild. Oftentimes he never needed to go deep into meditation, but here he did. He breathed in slow and felt every muscle in his body, starting from the ground up, moving from his calf muscles to his thighs. He squeezed his hamstrings, and then on to his abdomen where he focused his breathing.
Pushing air up through his lungs and chest, he felt the invigorating pulse of lifes blood push into his arms and up to his head. He opened his eyes and felt calmer. Panic was the worst thing for him now. He had to hold off its insidious pull.
Giorgio glanced back down the street. The man was gone. He didnt breathe a sigh of relief. No time. The thief looked both ways down the street and hopped into a quick run, down the opposite alleyway. The air was cool. Night was closing in fast. The sunlight faded over his right shoulder, yet sweat dripped down his face.
He crossed two blocks in an easy run, trotting and panning back and forth, like a horse in a lone race.
Something rattled a half block away. Giorgio slowed, hugging the wall of a slop house. He could hear the battering and smashing of metal pots through the thin material. It sounded like a blacksmiths shop. Up ahead a dog rummaged through some refuse.
Giorgio had left his own mutt near the Old Mill Inn when he first noticed the trouble. He had hoped it mightve thrown them off. Not only was he wrong, but now the desire to have the dogs companionship was strong. It gave him an extra hand; better than a human partner as some thieves went with.
But if this night represented oblivion, it was far better to save the animal. Down each end of the alley was nothing. The pounding continued behind him. Someone yelled, and it sounded like Balthus. The man was a decent cook but had nothing to work with. Hed been blacklisted at his former restaurant, a nice establishment on the west side of town. He stole some food and was lucky to get away with jail time. Focus.
Focus. Giorgio should find some of his cohorts and band together. Some would be working the docks. In fact, he realized how close to the Southern Docks they were, not more than ten blocks away.
It annoyed him to find thieves working the docks like slaves. They had to get organized, get ready for a war against the merchants. The city couldnt run without the Thieves Guild. Crime would overwhelm the city, everyone would steal. As it was now, the punishment for stealing and not being a member of the Thieves Guild was punishable by hanging. It kept people in line.
Since people would steal anyway, a long time ago the Thieves Guild was created, so it would be controlled and profited. The city cant run without us, Giorgio thought. They cant. The Lord Governor should stop what Castellan doing. It isnt right. We have to do something! We have to fight.
An old woman lay in the middle of the street. She cried, whining about something. Giorgio slowed his steps but stayed wary. No one else was about. He checked in all four directions before getting closer to the bawling woman.
Oh, they hurt me! They hurt me, my darlings! They hurt Momma Goodness. They stole from her! They took my things, my lovely things!
Giorgio stopped and huffed. Momma Goodness was the resident bag lady of Sea Haven. A benevolent old woman everyone knew and gave pennies to. She always wore a bright red shawl faded with age but recognizable by the womans heavy frame and knitted material.
He came closer to her kneeling, wailing form.
She continued yelling. Oh my goodness gracious! Oh, help out Momma Goodness! Help me, someone. Oh my goodness. Mommas hurtin bad, people. Im hurtin bad! Gotta help Momma! Gotta help Momma!
Giorgio forgot his own troubles for a moment, and his heart went out for the stricken woman. She was on her knees, hands on the ground, her shoulders wracked with sobs. He came closer, only a few feet away, and she stopped crying and shook her head.
Easy, Momma, easy, he said. Everythings fine.
He reached out a hand, only inches away, and she starting making a difference noise, deep in her throat. Almost like sobbing but different. It almost sounded like laughter.
Giorgio stopped. Damn it!
The young thief turned, but someone was already behind him. A man took a swipe at his head with some kind of bludgeoning weapon, but Giorgio didnt stick around to find out what kind. He threw his head back and twisted to the side to roll away.
The thief landed with both arms underneath him. His hands slammed hard on the cobblestoned street, and vaulted his body up and over to land feet first back down. They were coming fast on his heels, but he was already running.
Giorgio made it seven paces before a thrown bolas wrapped around his ankles and dropped him crashing to his knee. Damn! Damn, damn, they had him! Stupid prick! He dropped to his hands and rolled to his back, kicking with his encumbered legs.
The ropes were taut and trying to disentangle himself made him realize how tight they were. Breath was hard to come by. His knees stung with pain. One knee cap might have broken.
The struggling stopped when a man put a sword to Giorgios throat. He felt more embarrassed than frightened. They put him down like it was nothing.
At least he was right about there being three. One held the sword with a steady hand, another came up, still wearing the Momma Goodness outfit, and a third strolled up out of nowhere and ordered the others to untie his feet and stand him up.
The assassin with the outfit tossed away the heavy garments and some extra padding, and helped undo the bolas. They got Giorgio to his feet and marched him towards the same direction he had been hoping to get to minutes ago, the Southern Docks.
No one will help you, one the men said, the one giving orders. His face was hidden by a thin, black hood. If you try to run we will catch you again and then kill you.
It was said in a straightforward, matter-of-fact tone that Giorgio didnt doubt for a second. It was obvious he was wanted alive but that reason was not important enough for them to give him any leeway.
So he walked. They didnt even bind his hands together. Why would they? The stupid fool was getting sloppy. Five years ago this could have never happened. But it wasnt five years ago. Giorgio was there in the moment, and they got him because they were better. Stupid, stupid fool.
They reached the outer edge of the southern docks but headed north east, towards the forest at the edge of town. It was a place where most townsfolk avoided. A slight mist fell about their shoulders and clung there. Their cloths were damp within minutes. Giorgio wasnt in the mood to go sightseeing in the woods at the moment, but he had little choice.
His colleagues were nowhere present, and nobody else had seen what happened. He should been more prepared! Never again would he work alone. He would organize the thieves, every single one if he could, any of them with the guts to fight back. If he lived through the night, Giorgio vowed to never rest until they won back their way of life.
Two men stayed behind him while the leader stepped in front, and all four of them traveled upon a well-worn pathway over a grassland section outside the forest. A sparse section of trees looked dead or dying, sick with disease. There wasnt much foliage covering the ground either. All of which looked desolate and bare. Perhaps two miles later they reached a small path that led to a log cabin with a light within.
Two windows lay to either side of a strong wooden door with a simple porch and scrub brush that led to the door. It was a little run down but serviceable.
The air outside was cold, and as he got closer, Giorgio began shivering. Part of it was the damp weather and wet clothes, but most of it was fear for the unknown meeting. He cursed himself for a being a child but felt his doom approach with every step.
The lead assassin went to the door and knocked while the other two stayed behind Giorgio. They were calm and steady. He admired that sort of countenance in a man. In their profession it was essential.
Come on in, fellas, said a voice from inside, Gotta fire waiting for you.
They entered a simple room with a table and two chairs on one side, a cot on the other, and a glowing fireplace off the center from the door. They pushed Giorgio forward, and he saw who sat at the chair. It did not surprise him.
Jerrod looked at him with a crooked smile and then waved the assassins away. Get on out, boys. I dont think hell give me any fuss. Aint that right?
Giorgio nodded, his eyes averted. Yeah, sure.
Good. Thats what I like to hear.
The three killers left, and they were alone in the small cabin. Jerrod indicated the other chair. Why dont ya have a seat, pal. I dont like doing business standing.
Is that what this is? Business?
Jerrod snorted. Guess you aint as cowed as I thought you would be. Those fellas are pretty rough sometimes. Yeah, this is business. He pointed to the fire and the roasting animal bubbling and popping on the spit. Roasted pig. I make it tasty. Believe it. Cmon now. Lets have at it. Im hungry.
Giorgio hesitated, wondering what game Jerrod played. His reputation was fearsome; said to be one of the cruelest men in Sea Haven, which would be quite a feat. It would put him near the devil himself.
Jerrod grew more serious. Have a seat.
Giorgio complied. They stared at each other. The fire popped, and the meat hanging above sputtered. Jerrod eyed him for a few more moments and then went to the fireplace. He took the spit off to a side table, a simple block of wood hanging off the wall, and cut up the meat. Then the master assassin grabbed some bread from a side cupboard and plopped the meal down on the table.
Eat up, son.
Jerrod dove into the food, ripping off slivers of meat from the bone with a huge chunk of bread and then poured some wine. This is quality stuff here, fella. The best. This aint some sludge from the arena. This is from the merchants quarter. You get me?
Giorgio felt numb. But then the food hit his nostrils, and his stomach rumbled. It had been too long since he has eaten, too long to remember.
Dig in, Jerrod said. A man thinks better on a full stomach. I got no time to be repeating myself, see? Eat up.
Giorgio saw no reason not to. The bread was fresh and the meat juicy, a kill of Jerrods own, no doubt. The food did clear Giorgios mind and make him feel more comfortable. There was no more queasy feeling in his stomach.
The thief was still alive if the fool could keep it that way. He would have to agree to whatever Jerrod said. Get out of it alive and fight another day. Jerrod filled his glass, and Giorgio had his fill of wine.
Jerrod cracked open a bottle of harder liquor and sipped at it. An after dinner whiskey perhaps; it smelled very strong. The man sat back, his considerable bulk causing the chair to creak. He was big, very big, but he moved with very smooth intentions, with practiced ease, almost like a dancer or conditioned athlete. He studied Giorgio with narrowing eyes as he scratched the stubble on his chin.
Youre Giorgio, right? Thats your name.
A touch of pride struck Giorgio. It was good he was well known enough among his enemies, but that couldnt keep the sneer from his voice. It is. What of it?
Jerrod snorted. Still got a bit of fight in ya. Good. I like that. He rubbed two fingers together on his right hand. I like that a lot, fella. Makes a man a man, I say.
Why did you bring me here?
Good question. Very straightforward. I like that too. You might make something of yourself in this town. Not just up to me to say. This choice is on you now.
What choice? Tell me what this is all about.
Theres a reason. Always a reason, pal. You know that. Jerrod took another sip of his drink and made a slight face. His fingers were thick, calloused, and dirty. The assassin tapped the table. So lets get to it. Youre a member of the thieves guild, which is now being run by the merchants. Thats just the way it is, pal. Theres no way round that. Accept this fact, and things will go better for you.
Simmering anger boiled up in Giorgios gut and threatened to spill out to his tongue. Jerrod looked in his eyes and saw it. He was amused.
That thing you think of as pride is gonna get you killed someday. Be smart. Play along. We been having some issues down at the docks the last couple weeks. You fellas dont wanna do your jobs. All those thieves down there, messing around, fighting with everyone. He shook his head. Just stupid. Doesnt help any of us. This is the way things are gonna be from now on. Might as well deal with it and make some money.
Money? Like the dock workers? They make scraps. Pennies. I might as well beg on the street like Momma Goodness. At least I could set my own shift hours.
Jerrod snickered. He took another swig of his whiskey, finishing the glass. Yeah, thats true. Those slugs at the dock, they dont make much. But the thieves get special pay. You shoulda realized that. We aint letting you guys starve.
Why dont you just tell me what you want.
Fine then. Look here, bub. We gotta get this shit under control. My boss dont like it when the cargo gets slowed down. We got too much stuff to move. All this nonsense at the docks is slowing things down. I cant have that. We need to work together to get the job done. After a while, maybe we sit down and hash some things out. Till then, get them boys to working right.
Why me? Why not talk to Turner? Hes the Guild Master.
Im talking to you. Right this second. So are you are gonna help me out or will this be your last meal?
Giorgio had already decided it wouldnt be.

* * * * *

Journal Entry 1137

A cold day here and not an auspicious start to the morning. Two more crates spilled, much merchandise damaged. The sellers will not be happy as the vouchers have reached their limit for the quarter. Im afraid the Dock Masters will not be amenable to any suggestion of mine. Even with my newfound rank, they follow their own agenda, regardless of the consequences to The Guild. I wonder why Castellan allows them this disregard.

Two more incidents of flaring tempers yesterday. One erupted into violence. A merchant, Billy Hopps, was injured. He is a foolhardy man with no respect for men tougher than he. Intelligence and money he respects, but not brute or even subtle aggression. It will be the death of him.

As for the thief responsible for the injury, the man has not been seen. I would like to assume the best, that my co-workers are not thieves and killers, but I understand well the workings of this town. Murder Haven. That is what other cities call us. I cant say I blame them, though the moniker irks me. This city has much more to offer than thievery and death. It has been my home all my life. But this is not about my feelings. It is about the future of The Guild. The nobles have been inconvenienced by Castellans silly ploy. Will this push them to play along? Only they know.

I feel confused by it all. What he hopes to gain, what implications hold for The Guild by his actions, what my role will be in any of itthe machinations of war and politics are far beyond my powers to influence. I am a mere observer, privy only to the information that comes my way.

I cannot stop what is coming.

* * * * *

The cathedrals bell tolled three times, then three times again. Service was about to begin. The sound of the tolling for the mid-week service was so beautiful and angelic it made Castellans knees weak.
It was the sound of divinity tolling in a lofty tower, so high above the plebian commoners who couldnt find the time to give thanks. Shame on them. This was what life was all about. To appreciate the many advantages given to them by God.
People filed into the cathedral, less than on the prime day of worship but still a solid crowd that made Castellan proud.
The Arc Lector kept the sermon simple, standing on the podium alone.
Let us be thankful this day, for all our wonderful bounties.
The assemblage bowed and prayed together in silence.
Afterwards, Castellan stood in the anteroom leading to the Arc Lectors private chambers. Paintings covered the walls. One was of a pastoral setting, a very simple farm house with a barn and fields in the background, a tranquil scene. Castellan smiled at the simplicity of the lives of others.
Another painting was one he thought he remembered from his childhood. One he had once gazed at in his hometown church, some hundreds of miles eastward across the continent. It was the picture of an older man wearing the trappings of an arc lector, much like Sea Havens own. In fact, it might be a relative of Alastair Morlin. The resemblance was so similar. But it could not be; the painting was hundreds of years old.
He is ready to see you now, Master Castellan.
Thank you.
The Arc Lectors private chambers were simple and sparse, befitting a man of faith. The carpet was thick and comfortable while the walls adorned with similar paintings from the halls, pictures of simple people and homegrown scenes from the countryside.
Castellan felt calm and serene in the room, as if some external power exerted itself upon him. No doubt the power of the divine which the Arc Lector himself wielded. Arc Lector Morlin came out from behind a small screened area.
The elderly man smiled and took Castellans hands in his own and squeezed. How fare you, my son?
I am well, Arc Lector. You said you wished to speak with me?
I did. Come, sit with me.
They sat on a small couch with no back, similar to an elongated bench. The Arc Lector patted Castellans knee. Youve done well with your life, Guild Master Castellan. Very well. It is said a man with purpose is one who is blessed with divinity. It is inspiring to see such a man as yourself rise from common beginnings and challenge the ruling elite.
A rush of pride embarrassed Castellan. You flatter me, Your Grace. I am a mere cog in the machine of his will. I do what I can.
The Arc Lector smiled and patted his knee again. You do much more than that, my dear boy. Much more.
Castellan was speechless. Here was a man he admired more than any other living being giving him praise beyond belief.
Now, the Arc Lector said, I have something for you.
The holy man went back behind the screen from which he had entered. It was a tall partition. Large enough to cover a well-built mans height and girth and made of translucent material held together by wooden poles. Castellan could see the Arc Lectors outline as he grabbed something off a countertop.
Morlin returned carrying a simple necklace made with a leather strap, holding a thumb sized crystal at the end. He held it in front of Castellans face while Castellan studied it. Tiny pinchers, like a little eagles talon, held the translucent crystal in its grasp. Its shape was irregular and stretched out perhaps three inches long and half that in width.
Here, take it. I wish you to carry this always. It goes with our blessing, that of the church and that of the almighty that we pray. Hold onto this as we hold onto him in our hearts.
Castellan took it, giddy and stunned. It had very little weight to it, and when he put it around his neck, it felt as if it had no weight at all. The Arc Lector sat and gripped his shoulder tight.
You now join an exclusive brotherhood, Castellan. Be proud of what you have done and may your days be long. Now, there is something else I wish to discuss with you.
Of course. What is it?
There is something I wish you do to for me, something very important to the future moral sanctity of this city.
Castellan nodded. Anything that is in my power to do for the church I will do. Name your desire.
There are certain elements in this city, as you well know, that do not coincide with the moral upstanding of this office. I wish you to eliminate them.
Tell me what I must do.

* * * * *

The crowd was getting rowdier.
Men yelled for more wine, more women, and more luck as they played their games. Cards, dice, and games with rules no one understood, all went on with more and more noise and increasing chaos.
In spite of all that had happened in the last few days, Giorgio was calm. He knew what he had to do.
Sea Havens betting tents was not a place he visited often, but one he felt comfortable in. For most thieves this was the place they wanted to be assigned. The place had the most money to steal, the place where the Elite made more in a night than a common thief could in a week at the market.
There was so much money being thrown around, it would land sooner than later, and Giorgios brethren would be there to pick it up. But only the upper echelon of thieves, the Elite, the men chosen by Cutter and Guild Master Turner, could work the tents and make their money.
And make it they did.
Giorgio always felt a tinge of jealousy that he was not worthy of working the betting tents. The fact he was chosen to work the shipping yards, and not the regular docks, meant they considered him better than most, but this still left him feeling inadequate.
Now was the chance to prove his mettle.
He snapped his fingers and the dog followed him to a game of dice in the center of the tented space. A simple but very popular game with ten people standing around a low table with a banister around the edge. Each player would throw a series of dice, adding their total together. Based on that they would either chose to continue to risk more money by matching the other players in line. It was a numbered line one to ten.
Hey, Gi! one of the men playing the game said to him. He grabbed his shoulder and pulled him close. Wanna hand in here. I got seventh in line. Pretty good, eh? Ill slide ya a side bet on corners. Yeah?
Giorgio disengaged his arm. The man was drunk, and thus unpredictable.
No thanks, Gavin. I never play Tossers. Too risky. Good luck.
Gavin scoffed and waved him off.
Giorgio moved on. Towards the sides of the massive tented enclosure were smaller areas blocked off by flaps of heavy materials. More exclusive games played there. Giorgio felt a bit heady by it all. There was so much going on all the time. So many people and smoke and noise and nonsense too much.
Men in armor with short swords strapped to their waists guarded the backroom. The room represented the most elite section of gambling afforded to the people of Sea Haven. Giorgio stopped short and eyed the people coming and going from the room. They separated themselves with a wall of hanging strand of beads. Giorgio hoped to catch sight of someone he knew.
No one could get in without a voucher or riding behind someone who had one. Giorgio frowned and stood off to the side to wait. The air suffused with so much smoke and yelling and bawdy calls, he couldnt understand how people tolerated it for more than five minutes.
Maybe he didnt want to be an Elite if this was their working environment. It wasnt worth it. The dog whimpered, and he hushed it.
A serving girl strolled by him and asked if he wanted a drink.
No thanks, dear, he said. Waiting on a friend.
She smiled, but it was an empty gesture. He watched her leave and felt himself crawl into the wall behind him, nothing more than a flap of tent. There were too many people here, they could all see him.
There was one of them. A man built like Giorgio, but half a hand taller, walked towards a card game at a side table. Giorgio waited for him to get comfortable and then went over to him, the dog close at his side. Standing behind the man for a few minutes, he watched and learned which person opposite was the Elites partner.
They were both good at concealing themselves and their personal signals to one another, but Giorgio knew every man in the Guild along with most nonmembers who helped in situations like this. The older man standing behind the other players at the opposite side of the table looked a little too pleased with himself. Giorgio saw him pull at his collar and wipe under his nose.
The spotter did it again. Giorgio watched his eyes and saw him looking at the other players cards. Such a simple game these two played, yet it was effective. Everyone else was too interested in watching the game to notice. Some of the dealers were in on it as well. A solid practice maintained and approved by the Guild.
After a few hands, Giorgios mark had amassed a pile of coins in front of him. No doubt the thief would be feeling confident but paranoid. The perfect time for Giorgio to make his presence known. He leaned in close and whispered in the mans ear.
Impressive set-up you have here, Coleson. Im glad to see the boys still have some hands in the honey pot.
Coleson stiffened but to his credit didnt turn. He let the game go on for a few moments but after the first call, he folded and indicated he was leaving the table. His partner looked at him askance.
The game continued as Coleson walked away. Giorgio followed right behind him. A few steps later, Coleson reached back and tugged at Giorgios sleeve hard, and he pulled him over to the side near one of the alcoves. They were rooms a lot of whores used for their business. Giorgio wanted to pull his arm away but stayed calm.
Coleson pulled him close and lowered his voice to a hiss. Just what do you think youre doing? I had them people line up and ready to pay out all night. Now Im losing money.
Giorgio plied the other mans hand off his arm. Doin some dirty deeds this evening, is that right? Nice to see some of the boys are still in on the action. Too bad Im not one of the lucky ones.
Colesons demeanor changed. He pursed his lips and sighed. You know how it is, Gi. Everyone respects you. But this is how it is now. They aint gonna mess with what we have here. The market, sure, but not here. You know its too lucrative.
Is that right? You think youre safe. Thats not an assumption you have any reason to feel good about right now. Things have been changing real fast around here.
Coleson smirked, but Giorgio saw uncertainty in his eyes. The man looked around for a moment, checking to see if anyone watched them.
That fella there by the two and ones table, he keeps looking at me. Has all night. Aint got much time. Look, he said and looked back to Giorgio, we gotta survive, and well do what we need to. They need us too much to shut this thing down.
You dont know that, Coleson. I have to speak with the others. In there. He flicked his head to the inner room, the back room where only the haughtiest persons were allowed.
Bah. What for? Tell me what you know, and Ill pass it on.
I need to speak with Marston. The Elites wont move without him. Get me in there to see him.
The dog barked and nuzzled up against Giorgios side. He rubbed its nose. Coleson kept his eyes level. The thief frowned and looked back over his shoulder again at the man he claimed was spooking him. But the man was gone.
Fine but only because youd have a good reason. I know you Gi, and I feel bad what they done to the rest of you. Aint right. Cmon.
They went towards the back room, and after a brief exchange with the guards, Coleson and Giorgio entered. The room was much quieter, and Giorgio was pleased with the less chaotic atmosphere. It calmed his nerves.
The tables spread out at regular intervals around the inside. Low light pervaded everything. Instead of the torchlight like the previous room, lanterns hung from poles. Each was a beautiful masterpiece, forged by an artisan Giorgio had met once when the man visited the city years ago. An entire section of the upper class neighborhood held his lights. Large street lights powered by some kind of natural gas that came from the ground. Giorgio didnt understand it and couldnt remember the mans name, but he had seemed pleasant enough with his long beard and bright eyes.
Cmon, Gi, Coleson said, over here.
Giorgio snapped his attention and followed Coleson to a table set up on the side. Marston was a tall thief, well dressed to fit in with the crowd, but still held an air of menace about his person. He had a tightness in his hips and shoulders that Giorgio recognized. His skin tanned and weathered like a hunter, and he had a faded scar on his left cheek.
The athletic man turned to Coleson and Giorgio approaching before they got within ten feet of him. His eyes narrowed. Coleson told Giorgio to wait, and when the two of them of spoke, Marston kept his eyes on Giorgio the entire time. It was a cold stare that made Giorgio quail.
Maybe he should forget the whole thing. These Elites had earned their position in the Guild from years of service, exceptional skill, and extreme circumstance. Giorgio wasnt in their class. They could eliminate him easier than the assassins could. He should go back to Cutter and beg for another assignment at the shipping yards. It would better than death. Better than fighting this thing.
Giorgio felt like he should work with Jerrod and capitulate. That was the solution. It would be simpler, easier, better for everyone involved.
Whats this about? Marston stood before him, still holding that gaze. He was a head taller than Giorgio. Huh? What the fuck are you doing here?
The dog growled. Giorgio said nothing and steeled himself. This situation wasnt right, none of it.
We got problems, he said and in brief, explained his meeting with Jerrod. Marston and Coleson listened. They seemed surprised then fearful, an inherent quality of every thief Giorgio knew, a built in paranoia. When he finished, they looked at one another.
Why would they talk to you? Marston said, turning back.
I dont know. But they did.
Coleson looked thoughtful and sighed. Damn, ya know, that might explain something.
What? Marston said.
The other day some of the boys down at Pier Two, they was acting funny, telling us all to get along and all that, to accept the situation and deal with it.
And why were you at the pier?
I was meeting your whore of a mother, Marston. What does it matter?
Marston started forward, but Giorgio put his hand up. Hold it, fellas.
You know, Gis right, Coleson said but didnt back up. This aint right. You boys in here, all of us, taking advantage of things while our brothers are out there suffering. It aint right. Were all Guild members. We should work together.
Marston said nothing, but Giorgio stood closer. I think Turners dead. Jerrod must have killed him. I think he got the same speech I got but turned it down to his face. That must be what happened.
Marston scowled. Turner dead? No. They couldnt get to him that easy.
They could have, Coleson said. You know it. No ones heard from him in weeks. Why is that? You think he wouldnt come to us and explain this shit?
Marston didnt have an answer.
Just then, a commotion started behind them. Men shouted at the entrance. The three of them turned and saw men pushing their way inside the room from the other side. They shoved the guards and ran rampant.
People rushed all at once.
Police! Get out!
Whats this?
Its a raid! Run!
People scattered while the three of them gathered themselves. Giorgio looked at Coleson, and they shared a look.
Told you they would shut you down, Giorgio said. This is it. This is only the beginning.
Marston cursed. You led them here, you bastard! Why? Did you think it would change anything?
Coleson stood between them and put a hand on Marstons chest. No, Marston, you know thats not true.
Do I? Seems a bit convenient to me, all this nonsense tonight.
More shouting from the other room pushed its way claiming to be police officers, Sea Havens community force for quelling riots and civil unrest. They wore studded leather armor and used wooden clubs to scatter the guards trying to keep them from the curtained entrance.
They succeeded. They forced the guards back, and all of a sudden the room was smaller and more crowded. Giorgio turned to his cohorts. Marston said something to Coleson, and the other man whispered back in his ear.
We can speak of this somewhere else, Giorgio said. The dog barked, and he snapped his fingers. The mutt stayed by his side though it continued to bark. We need to leave. I dont think Captain Cubbins will understand if we tell him our reason for being here.
No, hell lock us up, Coleson said. Marston, Giorgios right. We gotta get outta here. Quick like.
Marston didnt argue. They ran to the back of the room where others cut through the tent flap. None of them looked back.

Chapter Six
Everyone talked about the betting tents. It was now illegal to go there and place any bets or even to step inside the enclosure. Every man working the docks worried about the ramifications.
Carver couldnt keep his head up long enough to take part in the conversation, for exhaustion dragged him down. He tried to keep attention on the task at hand, packing jars of scented oils into small crates. It was one of Sea Havens most important exports, created by a very wealthy merchant named Vincent Calloway.
Several other workers helped load them for shipment. All of them were thankful for a less physical job. They took the jars from Calloways wagon and wrapped them in strips of soft packing material, a much smaller strain on the back and legs, but no less on the mind.
Calloway oversaw the entire operation, and Carver had to get special permission to take the job.
Be careful with that! Calloway said.
Jules, a heavy set man with a thick forehead, thick eyebrows, and bad breath had knocked two jars together in his box, loud enough to raise the ire of their owner.
Sorry sir. Wont happen again.
It better not, you lout. If so, the cost will be taken from your salary. I expect my wares to get to their destination unharmed.
The weather was calm and cool, with a light breeze coming from the ocean. Sunlight streamed down to the docks. Carver had been transferred to the Southern Docks, a compromise he had his cousin Muldor to thank for. Carver still felt tired though as the hours continued to be brutal, and he worked more than ever before in his life paying off the debt from the lost weapons.
Jules shuffled over to Carver, grabbing more packing material. I dont wanna wind up like your pitiful self, Carver. I aint got the stomach for that kinda work now. You get me?
Been hard it has, Carver said and took off his hat for a resting moment. He rubbed his face and felt the stubble there. Sweat dripped down his neck. After what seemed like a second, the men resumed the packing and finished another box to carry down the pier to load on the ship.
There, the merchants personal workers took the finished crates and carried them to the hold. Then Carver was back down at the wagon with another set laid out on the ground for them. There were six of them, including Jules and another man Carver knew as Mathis. He was young and strong, with long red hair pulled tight in a top knot. He wasnt very handsome but pleasant enough.
Hey, Carver, Jules said. You know, you aint gotta slave away like this. Theres another way.
Carver didnt respond. Mathis looked at Jules, and the larger man grinned as if he were in on a big secret.
Im serious Carver. Something much better than this.
The betting parlors closed, Carver said. They shut it down. Happened the other night, you crazy loon. That what you mean?
No, not what I mean you blasted buffoon. Theres something else, Im tellin ya. Something special.
Just shut up and get your work done.
Jules frowned but kept his mouth shut. Later they found themselves at the Battered Tavern. A sinkhole near the Southern Docks frequented by many of the workers. Carver didnt join the others very often, but that night he felt like having a drink.
The crowd was typical; sailors, dock workers, a few merchants even. Men who liked to mix with the common folk. He also saw several men he hadnt seen before, large men, armed men that looked downright ill-tempered. They yelled at the serving girls, drank a lot, and yelled some more. Carver wondered who they were, but his thoughts drifted to his family.
After finishing one beer, it was time to leave. Think I be heading home, now. Got another shift in the morning.
The others at the table nodded and said their farewells, but Jules held his arm. Hold on, Carver. How bout I buy ya a drink? Maybe you can listen to what I have to say. It might change your life. No more double shifts, no more starving family. Interested?
The devil himself could not have been more convincing to Carver at that moment. Jules had extra coin in his pocket, and no one knew where he got it. Carver thought of his darling children and wonderful wife. The potential of easing their burden was too much to resist.
Carver sat down.
What are you keeping secret, Jules? Mathis said. The young man had his hair down, and the reddish coif was massive hanging about his shoulders like a lions mane. You been floating around the docks like a fairy all week.
Jules belched and shook his finger at Mathis. You young kids. You never give us old timers a chance to splain. Its real simple. He looked around and waved the others to lean forward to hear him as he lowered his voice. No ones spose ta know. No one. See, they got the fightin pit back open now. Have for weeks.
Jules sat back, very satisfied with himself. The others didnt seem to care much, and Carver didnt understand the significance of the fact even if it were true. The other men went back to their drinking while Carver started to get up and leave again.
Jules sputtered. Dont you understand? How do you think I got this? He pulled a small money bag out of his clothes and plopped it down on the table. It made a loud clanking sound and turned some heads. See this, here, plenty to be had, lads. Plenty.
Mathis grabbed his hand and hissed. You trying to get us knifed? Well be floatin in the bay before nightfall you go showing off a load like that. Put it away.
Jules did so but kept smiling. You should believe me. This is a way out of this stink, this filthy work. I know, been doin it for years.
And youll do it for years longer, Mathis said shaking his head. You dont have a way out. You won a hand or two before the tents closed, and now yer showin off. Keep it to yourself or buy us a round. Otherwise shove off the end of a pier.
Jules cracked his considerable knuckles and grew upset. He knocked his fist on the table and eyed each of them in turn. You cowards, every single one of you. You make me sick. He turned and spit on the floor, but no one would notice if he vomited upon it.
The mood went sour. The men spoke little and drank much. Carver settled in. The idea Jules planted took root and spread into his mind. As the next round of beers came, his body grew more inebriated and his mind weaker to suggestion. The thought of having an extra, easier form of income, the burden to his body lifted, his family given more, taken care of it was too tempting.
So, Jules, Carver said. How much can you win?
Jules was sullen and drunk. His eyes were puffy and red. The bloated man chewed the inside of his lip and looked at Carver. Plenty.
Carver looked at the others. Anyone feel like going?
Some did. Most didnt. In total, five of them including Mathis, went with Jules towards the center part of town, where the fighting arena had once been open for business for many years.
Carver had heard the rumors of course. The pit was reopened and pulling in huge crowds every night, but it was said to be a risk. The law forbade it and the penalty was severe. None of the drunken men with Carver seemed to care.
The poor dock worker felt the pull of circumstance tugging him along with every step. Carvers brain was too fogged with fatigue and booze to stop. They reached an open area of street, a wide expanse of ground with a large very unusual constructed square in the center.
It was misshapen like a twisted wreck of a galleon smashed asunder on the beach. Made of planks of wood jutting out at all angles as if an architect had gone mad or someone had frozen a building at the point of explosion. Wood planks gushed outwards and stayed in perfect place to allow functionality. Carver always thought it looked like a beavers dam.
Jules shuffled forward and dragged the others along. Cmon, this way. Only I know how to get inside, understand?
They approached the structure. It was spacious enough for two hundred and fifty men to clasp arms and surround it. Its height was gaudy, but everyone knew the real scope of its size was underneath the street in a deep labyrinth of twisted nailed boards put together in a haphazard fashion. Yet, there was a genius of construction in its build.
The man responsible for its construction had died years ago. Very few people in town remembered his name. The architect had come, built, and left, as if his sole mission was to create this monstrosity.
A notice posted to the front of the building with garish red paint proclaiming the illegality of entering. The act was punishable by death. Mathis and the others hesitated.
You sure about this, Jules? This dont look good. I dont wanna wind up at the gallows. Not worth it for a little extra coin.
Bah! You buncha women. This is how its done.
There was no discernible door, but Jules knew where he was going. The dirty looking man picked his way around the signs and side stepped a section that appeared as any other did. Jules turned back to them and smirked, still very drunk.
Carvers co-worker knelt down, almost fell flat on his face, and tugged at a hidden lever. They heard a pop, and Jules gave a grunt of satisfaction. He rose, beaming, to his unsteady feet. He chuckled and griped the little crack now in the side of the building. Tugging at it yielded nothing.
Hey, you gits, get over here and help me with this. Hurry.
They obliged, though Carver felt a burning premonition. They were taking a step forward that was irrevocable. The tide of events pushed them onwards.
The dock workers found crevices along the proposed doorway and tugged as hard as they could. One more yank, and the door swung outward. A sawdust smell hit them as they entered the cavernous dwelling. They entered single file, following Jules. Once inside, he shut the door.
Momentary darkness struck them and the men stumbled and cursed. Jules yelled to keep them moving. Carver was disorientated and dizzy. It was so hard to breathe and move without light. Hands up and waving, Carver ran into the man in front him to keep from falling. The man cursed. The powerful smell of his rancid breath and unwashed body, stale and stained from fish and salt water was much more pungent in here in.
Jules yelled at them to keep moving. Here, ya damn fools! Lookit this.
Carver heard him scraping about the walls until he found something. Jules sighed with satisfaction, and a series of lights sprung up to the end of a downward sloping hall. The men gasped, and Carver felt a lump in his throat. The interior of the pit was similar in build to the exterior, with odd shaped boards that pieced together to form a solid wall and floor.
How the hell you do that? Mathis said.
Jules chuckled. Wouldnt you like to know.
Sure is irregular, Carver said and took his hat off.
Jules grunted and started walking. They followed. It seemed impossible to be in the same structure as seen from outside. It couldnt have been this massive. But the twists and turns continued, and soon they heard a steady noise creep from below. Carver felt lost, but the pulse of energy and sound pulled them onward.
After several more turns, they came to a sudden stop as a wall of sound struck them with a physical force. The four men, even Jules, pulled up short and stared at the chaotic madness of the fighting arena in full swing.
A bout was already in action.
Two sets of bleachers lined each side with a third on the back end of the opposite wall. It filled to the ceiling, which stretched to the limits of their vision. Lost in a sea of smoky haze from a myriad of torches and tobacco. The crowd had seats, but not a single one sat. On their feet, they stamped and clapped and screamed and yelled for their chosen champion as two men fought for their lives.
Carver stood dumbfounded amazement. The main floor was dirt, roped off by a strand of cord twisting all the way around at waist level. Guards stood by to keep the crowd at bay. Carver had never seen so many people together, nor could he comprehend how so many fit this deep underground. It wasnt possible.
One of the opponents was not human. He was too big, maybe eight feet tall with bestial features and gangly arms that would reach the ground if he bent over too far. The creatures stance was crouched like a gorilla, and his shambling gait was belied by inhuman speed and aggression.
Its hair was long and matted with sweat. It clung to his large scalp in clumps. The skin was ashen, grey like paste, and the muscles were corded and obscene, gnarled like an ancient oak. So powerful they could rip the arms off a full grown man. The beast looked like it could tackle a bull and take it down with ease.
By damn sight, thats an ogre! Mathis said, eyes bulging.
Jules grinned and slapped him on the back. Yeah, ugly sucker, aint he? Won me plenty of coin the last few nights, though. Names Thruck. You couldnt kill him with a barrel full of powder, I tell ya. He tears men apart.
Jules guffawed and slapped his knee, cheering and clapping along with the rest of the crowd. Carver found himself speechless, his jaw slack; disbelieving what he was seeing.
Men talked of ogres though most it was wild rumors. Theyd been birthed by a mountain goddess who left her husband, the father of giants, to make offspring with men instead. Ogres were the uglier, smaller result. The bastard children of her loins, and thus not as regal as true giants.
Some others put their origins across the sea or in some faraway land across a trackless desert, thousands of miles to the south. Carver didnt know what to believe, nor did he pay much attention to it. At the moment, though, he felt pity for Thrucks opponent, whomever the poor sap was.
All one could do against such a fearsome foe was lie down and beg for mercy. Fighting would be a waste of time. How could anyone hope to injure this creature of resentment and death?
However, the other arena fighter was not of the same mindset. Dressed in loose chainmail that covered his torso, shin guards, and plated gauntlets, he fought on. The ogre was tall but very thin for its height, and the man attempted to make the most of the situation. He stayed well out of its considerable reach. The man was quick and agile, using his smaller size to his advantage, dodging and rolling, ducking away before a blow landed.
Thruck bellowed and swiped at him with his long arms. So spindly and awkward, with crust covered claws, they looked like they could cause disease.
But the man ducked and rolled, kicking the ogre in the side, right below his shoulder. If Thruck was harmed by it, he didnt show it. The creature bellowed again. It was like the sound of rocks grinding together, and it launched a kick that connected with air.
The man was on the other side now, landing a blow from behind, kicking him in the ogres loins. The crowd groaned, and Thruck stood up straight. It became a different monster, alert, tense, and pissed off. He stood straight, and the crowd went silent for a moment.
Even his opponent widened his eyes as the ogre growled deep in his throat and stalked forward. Thruck roared, and the crowd roared with him. All eyes forward as the monster charged ahead.
The man dove and rolled away from the advancing ogre, but Thruck ignored the movements. All of a sudden the arena floor was much smaller. The fighter jumped to the side as Thruck charged, and the ogre snatched the mans ankle in one quick grab. It was over all too easy, as if he had been playing with the man the entire time.
The man scratched and clawed at the ground. He yanked and yanked at his trapped limb, but Thruck twisted and lifted the man by his ankle. He snapped the entire body up and down as if shaking out a coat. The man screamed in agony as his bones shattered.
The crowd groaned in sympathy, but they cheered for more. The man went limp as Thruck continued to jerk the body around. The ogre tossed him away, and the man went flopped like a slain deer. Thruck stood where he was. His massive chest heaved and rumbled. Sweat rolled down his body.
The man stirred, regaining consciousness, and pushed his torso up with both hands. Stumbling to his feet, limping bad, he tried to get more distance between himself and his bestial opponent.
Carver almost jumped when a serving girl asked him if he wanted a drink. He had forgotten just where he was. So entranced was he in the spectacle before him. The poor dock worker told her no, and she moved on to his spellbound co-workers.
Jules gloated. This is the horse to pin your money on, Jules said. I aint lost with him yet. You need to pay up tonight.
Mathis remained suspicious, tearing his gaze away from the match and facing Jules. Why do you care? You get some kinda kick back if we pay in, doncha, Jules? You aint doin it cuz you give a damn.
Jules scowled and shook his head. Damn it, this is how you do it! Dont you get it? This is a way out. You do whatever the hell you want, Mathis. I brought you here to help. Believe it or dont.
The crowd roared, and Carver turned back to the match. The ogre had the man in a tight grip, crushing his head with both hands, twisting the man backwards, bending him in half. Thruck looked around and snarled as the crowd cheered. The ogre raised one hand and then smashed it down on the mans chest. The man collapsed and laid still.
The crowd erupted, but the ogre was not finished. He grabbed the man off the ground, gripping tight on both wrists, and stretched out his body, arms to the side. The crowd shouted for him to continue. The man slumped, knocked out, perhaps even dead already.
Thruck stood tall and stretched his arms out wide, pulling his foes arms to their limit. He bellowed in effort and strained hard. A sickening pop sounded, then another as the mans shoulder joints burst within their sockets. The beleaguered arena fighter awoke, for a second. He screamed in agony and passed out again as Thruck ripped his left arm off. The crowd groaned. Thruck ripped the other arm off in a shower of blood.
The mans body slumped to the ground and the floor grew muddy with blood. Thruck used both arms as clubs and beat the prone form with them. The crowd cheered for him, enticed by the brutality, screaming and hollering like madmen.
Carver was numb. Jules slapped him on the back and guffawed. Welcome to the pits, Sam! This is how we make our coin.
Mathis looked more excited than a moment ago. He and the other man agreed to bet with Jules. Carver couldnt fight it any longer. If this was how he could make some extra money for his family, then so be it.
They found some seats on the far end set of bleachers and watched several other matches that night though none of them reached anywhere near the level of brutality of the ogres bout. Jules took their paltry amount of coins and promised to increase their weight by nights end.
They lost some of the matches but won more than enough to clear a profit. Jules drank some more and laughed and cheered like the other maniacs. All Carver thought of was his money. He glanced around the crowd, almost embarrassed to be there, wondering what kind of people would come here.
Some of the dock security men were there, as well as several other regular workers. It was a typical Sea Haven crowd, men he recognized mixed with strangers. Some of the toughs were there too. Brawny men that kept order when the security men couldnt.
Jerrod was with them, and the sight of him made Carver sick to his stomach. The man radiated unease, and the nervousness spread throughout Carvers body like a virulent disease. The man laughed at something but never cheered.
Carver studied the back of his head, wondering what wicked thoughts were going on within that malicious mind. Jerrod yelled at someone in front of him in the bleachers. Then all of a sudden he stopped and stood straight. The large man turned and looked behind him, making eye contact with Carver.
Carver froze for a moment and then tore his gaze away as if a demon from hell had spotted him. The dock workers breath came heavy, like a rabbit chased by wolves. There was more than annoyance in Jerrods eyes.
It was outright hate.

Chapter Seven
The candle light flickered and wavered. Shadows played about the wall behind, dancing in tune with the steady breeze filtering into the single room.
Jerrod set his drink down. The oily liquid swished against the rim of the glass. He stared at it, visions of dancing girls, naked and young swirled against the rim of his mind. Maybe he would go back to Madam Drearys and get another whore. She had some new girls there from what hed heard. Maybe the brutal man would bring one back here to his cabin. That would be a nice change.
A knock at the door made him sit up. There was shuffling around the edge of the door at settled after a moment. The master assassin was not lost when no further knocking sounded. Jerrod contemplated ignoring the summons while he finished his drink, but that wasnt feasible.
If Castellan called him, he must go. There were no exceptions.
On the other side of the door was a note that said, come at once in a hasty scrawl. Outside a little drizzle had began. Perfect timing for when an evening is set the way one wants it.
Jerrod was in the city proper several minutes later, and he moved on towards the better appointed houses in the wealthy quarter, where metal enclosed lights, powered by that mysterious gas. The moonlight poured down and mixed with the drizzle. If Jerrod possessed a more poetic mindset, he might have been awed by the majesty of the night.
Instead, he worked his way through the alleyways to save time. A dog picked through the garbage near the backside of a restaurant. It saw him and growled, barking loud enough to stir the nearby inhabitants out of their sleep. He stopped and half contemplated kicking the piss out of the animal, but he didnt want to waste any more time than he had to. Next time.
Castellans fenced in neighborhood was a guarded section of Sea Havens high society district. It was easy to get to only because he knew the way. There were security measures in place, but Jerrod knew another way in. To him, it proved how stupid people were and how easy it was to fool them into thinking they were safe.
Down near the eastern side of the black iron gate was a little switch by the sewage dump. A flick there, and near the top of the same section of gate swung open. Looking around, up and down the street, he saw nothing. That didnt mean no one watched, but he had learned by habit to do it anyway.
Jerrod opened the gate and entered into the back alley behind Castellans private residence. The grounds sprawled with luscious landscaping and tall trees imported from god knew where. He followed a garden path until he reached the back wall of the main house made of solid stone, three stories high.
A group of bushes grew there. Sighing, he shook his head. Standing there in the darkness, the job was getting tiresome. A man like Jerrod was better suited to busting heads, not skulking about like some petty thief. But Castellan paid well and that was enough.
Jerrod crouched crept through thorns. It was difficult to breath in such an ignoble position, but it was only ten feet before he reached the wall. There he felt his way around and found a square button to press. It opened a wall and crawling down a small entryway.
Standing, the large man felt a stiff tug of pain in his knees. He strolled down a hallway lit by soft glowing orbs hovering near the ceiling. Jerrod was getting angrier by the moment. This had better been damn important.
Jerrod reached the end of the hallway and the door swung open before he touched it, swinging outward towards the inside.
Damn tricks, he said and sighed.
Castellan waited for him, sitting at a richly furnished couch and sipping a cup of steaming tea. The handsome man dressed in informal wear, a thick robe and warm slippers. Jerrod stopped a few feet away and crossed his arms.
Castellan didnt look up for a long while. Instead, he sipped his tea. After several moments, Jerrod wondered if indeed the man even knew he was there. Maybe the loon has lost his mind at last. It had to happen sooner or later.
Jerrod cleared his throat. Castellan looked amused and turned his gaze upwards with a smirked. Id ask you to sit, but I dont think youre in the mood for pleasant conversation. Plus, I fear your tread will muck up my furniture beyond repair. You really should clean up after yourself better, Jerrod. Cleanliness is godliness and all that.
Jerrod sighed, but Castellan held up his hand. Yes, yes, forgive me, Ive interrupted your leisure time. At this late hour and all it is atrocious, my behavior. Now, there are two things I require of you. One, a payoff must be made, and I want your personal attention on the matter.
Who we payin off?
Police Captain Cubbins.
Bout time, that. Shoulda got him on board long time ago.
Castellan sat back and stifled a yawn. These things take time as you know. Tis troubling to interfere with the actions of unpredictable persons. Cubbins always struck me as an honorable man above such vulgar ploys.
Jerrod snorted. Guess not anymore.
Castellan smiled. Everyone has their price. Im sure you understand this concept well. Now, I will have the necessary funds given to you, and you will meet with Cubbins today. Say nothing to him of the details, but I want it clear what is expected of him.
Jerrod grunted. I think that can be arranged. Ill have some of my boys come with and we can
Castellan frowned and waved his hand. No. No thuggish tactics here. Go alone and find him when he is alone. I want no muck up with this transaction. Is that understood?
Sure.
Good. Castellan sat back and his demeanor changed to something more serious. There is one other thing I must bring to your attention. The fighting arena. How well do you know its machinations? I understand you are a willing participant at the scenes of debauchery. Is that right?
Jerrod nodded. I am. Listen, boss, I didnt think youd mind.
Oh, no, no. You misunderstand me. I only wish to ascertain information. I want to control the arena as I now have control of the betting tents. Who are the men that run this arena of death? Do you know them?
Jerrod felt relieved and more confident. This was a surprise. Two men named Derek and Desmond. Funny looking guys, very swarthy and queer I think. They live together, work together, run the arena together. They make a boat load of swag from it all, I know that.
Hmmm, I see. How suggestible to bribery do you think they would be?
Not at all. They have money. A lot of it. People before have tried to edge in on their business and havent succeeded. Dont think this way will work for us.
Well have to shut it down, then. Ill get an edict from the city council. Theyve been much more obliging of late. I believe they understand the power of the Guild. So far.
Jerrod fidgeted. Castellan mumbled to himself for a few seconds, something he often did, thinking out loud.
The master assassin cleared his throat. Look, boss, they wont go for this. The people, the arena, none of it is goin over easy. They run it like a military campaign. Trying to crack that will be tough.
Then well be tougher. Have your toughs round up a brute squad, the nastier the better. Once we have Captain Cubbins under our wing, the denizens of the arena will be more amenable. Well use the police to our advantage. I have plans in place to coordinate with the city watch as well. Well soon have the entire city under our control.
Castellan stopped speaking, and his face held a faraway look. Jerrod didnt feel so confident.
Boss, the people aint gonna like this. The arena gives them somewhere to go and spend their money, somewhere to win money. Now that the betting tents are shut down unrest and all that.
Castellan blinked and frowned. He paced before his couch. Yes, I understand. This filthy city is full of vagrants. Though if they so desired, they could drag themselves up out of the sludge. Pity them. But you are right. Something must be done now to quell any potential civic unrest. The people must know who is in charge here, much as the city council is learning. A demonstration, I think, is in order. A hanging perhaps, something to show that going outside the law will not be tolerated. Go to Cubbins this day and arrange the situation to our mutual benefit. Once his loyalties are in place, we can use the police to our own ends.
A hanging? Jerrod said and smiled. Yeah, think I know just the fellas for that.

* * * * *

The light was dim, and the smoke heavy in the air. A man coughed. A few more thieves shifted in their seats. An uncomfortable jerkiness filled them all. They used crates as chairs scraped on the floor. Several of the boxes were stacked against the main entrance, scant protection against detection, but they had look outs in various locations outside.
Giorgio wanted it that way. The men and women of the Thieves Guild needed to be tense and alert, for they would be at their best in such a state of nervousness. Their location was an old, abandoned warehouse near the docks.
Almost thirty members had arrived, more than half their total strength. Including, he saw with satisfaction, all twelve Elite members of the Guild. Marston had listened to Giorgios urgings. Without the Elites, he couldnt see them fighting back against the merchants with much success.
They waited a while longer, but no more seemed to be forthcoming.
Webster, old and cranky, looked at Giorgio and crossed his arms. The thief had been tapping his foot for the last ten minutes. Well, Gi, what do ya got for us? We gonna sit here all day?
Were finished waiting, Giorgio said. I cant speak for you all, but it burns my heart to see us brought so low.
Heads hung down at the remark. Many of them were ashamed that their proud group was disorganized and manipulated by outside forces. Some of them looked angry though, and that encouraged Giorgio.
Marston leaned against a crate with his arms crossed. The Elite looked relaxed but ready. His tall, imposing figure intimidated some of the other thieves, and when he spoke, he commanded attention.
Were here, Giorgio, Marston said. And were listening. What do you propose?
Bah! Webster waved him off. The older man shook his head scoffing. Theres nothing to do against the merchants guild. He pointed behind him, towards the docks so nearby. They control the port and the security there. Castellans got the police under his nose now. You saw what they did at the tents. Shut us down there. We cant do nothing.
They all looked at him. The air remained stuffy and clouded. A few men smoked their cigarettes and sat still.
Marston looked to Giorgio. What about Cutter? Where does he sit with this?
I dont know for sure, Giorgio said. I havent spoken with him, but I think he received the same ultimatum I did and gave in to their demands. Turner didnt, so I think they killed him. He looked at Webster. Still think hes alive?
Webster sat back and looked older at that moment. Gi, I been around longer than most of you, all of you in this room in fact. If Turner is dead, then he is dead. That was his choice. The Guild should move on. We dont sit around and talk about how to hasten our own destruction. This is doom youre talking.
Then why are you here? Giorgio said. To be a prophet of doom? Ive heard enough from you. Leave.
Webster sat up. His voice infused with legitimate passion and sincerity. I came here to be listened to. To make you understand you threaten us all with this talk of rebellion. This time will pass. Trust in what I say! I beg you. Things will simmer and die, as they always do. Wait! Do nothing rash that cannot be undone. Our Guild will be destroyed.
While we appreciate your input, Webster, Marston said, we came to discuss what were gonna do. Giorgio, what did you have in mind? The rest of us here are ready to move.
Giorgio watched Websters face and felt the pain in the older mans eyes. Webster sat back and looked contrite.
Our problems are many, Giorgio said to Marston. The merchants control not only the docks but also our leadership. What I recommend is that each of you continue to take assignments at the docks and shipping yards. Thats first.
There was a murmur of disagreement. The Elites looked to Marston, but he didnt look happy either.
I thought that was the whole reason you brought us here, said Anders. The young thief threw up his hands. Im a young man. I dont want these beautiful instruments of thievery to be wasted away luggin boxes.
Some of the others laughed, and Giorgio couldnt help but smile. Would be a shame, Andy. But we have to keep up appearances, as it were. I dont want them thinking we are all working against them.
What about you? said Delora, one of the few female thieves among them. She was thick about the shoulders and ugly, but she was very skilled at setting traps.
Some will appear to be not taking orders, Giorgio said. It has to be expected. They wouldnt believe all of us to bow down so fast or easy. This looks more natural. If we stay one step ahead of them, we can anticipate them better. We need to do what they dont expect. Its the only way we can beat them. They have too much on their side.
Too much, Webster said but kept his mouth shut after a look from Marston.
The rest of us will work together, tampering with the merchants operations. Those of you that take work assignments from the docks will stay there and act as spies. Well need information.
Tampering, Giorgio? Marston said. Sounds like sabotage to me. He smiled and the others sat up.
Its simple, Giorgio said. We fuck them up anyway we can.

* * * * *

Marissa played in the dirt. The young girl found a stick and poked it as hard and deep as she could, plowing lines in the road like a miniature corn row. She felt like a master farmer building the fields for the planting season. She wondered what wonderful seeds she would use. Corn. Of course. Nice plump corn, good for roasting. Melted butter would be glorious. And some green beans and tomatoes. Beautiful ripe tomatoes she would eat off the vine. She loved them that way, juicy and plump. Her mother liked them cooked in a stew. Thats all she ever does. But this was her farmland, and Marissa would do as she pleased with it.
It was more fun than she had had in several days. Ever since her parents had discovered her night time activities, they banned her from going more than a houses lengths away. Now her only environment other than her living room was the two decrepit neighboring buildings and the dirt road in front and back.
There was nothing else to do.
School had never engaged her interest. Marissa found it boring. She only wished to visit Hodge in the graveyard, but there was no longer any chance of ever going back. Not with her mother watching her every move.
Marissa! Where are you, love? Her mothers voice called out from their hovel, and Marissa rolled her eyes. Talk to me, young lady! Let me hear you!
Im here, mother! Right here.
Her mother made a sound of relief, and Marissa dug a deeper trough, large enough to fill in with water, like a scratch built lagoon, where her imaginary farmers could have it when they needed it. That would make them happy.
Her mind turned to Hodge and the cemetery. The other night she had talked and talked with him until she fell asleep. When she awoke in the morning, panic gripped her heart, and she floundered. By the time the young girl ran back to the house, the damage was done. Her parents knew.
They forbade her to ever leave the house again without supervision. It wasnt fair. She loved Hodge and wanted to talk to him about how unfair it was. Another stab with her stick in the ground, and it bent back snapping in half. She tossed it away and sighed. Her life was over.
Marissa! My love! Where are you? I cant see you, darling.
Im right here!
Come in, dear. Momma needs your help.
She half considered running away, charging down the street to the cemetery and spending forever there with Hodge. But he never came out during the day.
Her mother called again, and Marissa obeyed and walked back inside.
Sam Carver had a rare day off from work. In fact, he had been at home more often the last few days. He had a lesser work load and more money. No one complained; the family loved having him around.
The dock worker sat in his favorite chair, rocking back and forth in front of the fire. Whenever Marissa thought of her father, this was the image that always sprung to mind. He smoked his pipe, and his gaze was a faraway look of serenity and peace. He said nothing as Marissa entered. He only gave her a slight smile and went back to his rocking.
She didnt understand why he was so happy, but it made her feel good.
Marissa followed her mom into the lone bedroom. The baby was teething and in constant pain, crying all night. Her mother hunched over a make-shift crib, little more than a tiny shelf with sticks of wood nailed to the side. Her father said he was planning on buying a real crib soon and would have the money by next week.
Help momma with the baby, dear. He needs to be changed. I think we have some clean linens in the cabinet.
Marissa frowned, but habit made her limbs do as she was told. She did, in fact, enjoy seeing little Robert coo as she tickled his naked belly, so she concentrated on doing that. Her mother went into the other room as Marissa finished changing him.
She turned and almost knocked over Willard on her way out. Willard! Stay away or help me. Watch where youre going.
Willard started crying. Marissa sighed and grabbed for him, but he stormed out of the room. Gertrude stood by the doorway looking in. The two of them never left her alone. None of them did. Marissa never had time to herself; only in the graveyard did she fine peace. Here were these annoying bugs crawling all over her, never giving her space or comfort.
There was a general ruckus at the front door. Someone banged on the door and yelled for them to open it. Her mother gasped, and as Marissa went into the front room, the woman grabbed her by the shoulder and held her back.
Their father was on his feet while Willard and Gertrude stood near their mother. Both sobbed. The door rattled on its hinges as men pounded on the other side. It sounded like a battering ram.
Open up under penalty of death! Open this door!
Marissa felt her own tears well up as her throat constricted. Terror gripped her.
Her father raised his hands in a pleading gesture to them. Everythings fine, my dears. I will see to it.
Sam Carver opened the door, and men barged into their house. Large men with wooden clubs and fierce attitudes. Her mother screamed as they laid their hands on their father and forced him to the ground.
No! Stop! Why are you doing this? Dont hurt my husband! Please, weve done nothing. Please! She pushed her children back into the other room, and Marissa felt too stunned to resist. Willard and Gertrude came and hugged her close, latched on like the frightened children they were. Marissa sobbed along with them.
Their father lay still, not saying a word. Their mother continued to plead with them, but they ignored her.
Their father spoke to her, looking up from his position face down on the floor. The pain and shock in his voice was evident to all. Everythings fine, dear. Not to worry. Be at peace. Everything will be fine.
One man pulled his head back as the two others snapped a set of iron manacles on his wrists.
Your name is Carver, right? Sam Carver?
Their father nodded. Please dont hurt them. Ill do whatever you ask but leave them be.
Were not here for them. Youve got a date with the gallows.
Their mother screamed and ran forward. No!
The other men grabbed her, but she fought them, pounding on their chests with furious rage. Another man clubbed her on the back of the head, and she dropped like a bag of rocks. Marissa felt a clutch at her heart, and the younger ones held her so tight she couldnt breathe.
Their father moaned on the ground. Leave her be! Dont hurt my family!
Marissa saw tears stream down his face as the men picked him up and put him on his feet. Their father was so weak and helpless. It was the most frightening thing Marissa had seen.
This wasnt happening.
She made eye contact with him, and he steadied himself as they dragged him from the room. Take care of your mother and the little ones, Marissa. Everything will be He tried to pull away from them to speak. everything will be fine, my love. Watch over them.
They dragged him out of the room, and the world went still. The only sound was the sobbing of children and the screams of a woman.

* * * * *

A knock sounded at the door.
Too late for visitors, Muldor thought. He sat up from his simple cot in the front room, and a second knock did not follow. It might be important. If the Guild faced danger, he should hurry, should run to meet Castellan and hear what the Guild Master had to say. It had to be important.
Minutes later he was outside, strolling along in the early morning dockside air. A fog hung heavy and threatened to turn to misty rain. The boardwalk was wet and treacherous, but he could walk it blindfolded. The wind, however, made him glad to have his familiar grey cloak, a thick piece of clothing that anyone would not recognize Muldor without. It was as much a part of him as his voice.
Pulling the hood closer over his head, Muldor made his way towards Castellans home. It was a hefty walk. Perhaps a horse would have made things easier. But then who would take care of the animal? The docks were no place for such foolery.
By the time Muldor reached the guard shack outside the large metal fence, that surrounded Castellans palace, he felt much refreshed and awake. An armored guard leaned against his pole axe, a nasty looking weapon similar to a halberd but shorter on top where the blade was. It was better for close quarters fighting. There was a hook on the end to catch cavalry men on their armor and yank them off their horses.
When Muldor approached the man, the guard stood straight and tensed. Leaning around the edge of the building, the man shouted. Who goes there? Identify yourself.
Muldor would always give Castellan credit for one thing: he paid for the best and got it. Most men in similar circumstances would be found sleeping or less attentive. Muldor stepped into the torchlight, so the man could see him better.
Another man stepped up and stood behind the first, and they studied him. State your business.
He sent for me, Muldor said. And if you gentlemen enjoy working here, I suggest you hurry this up. It has been my experience that Guild Master Castellan is not a patient man when business matters arise.
The men looked at each other, and the second man undid the latch securing the gate to the stone wall by the guardhouse. Go on in, sir. Sorry about that.
Muldor walked past them and up a solid stone walkway. It was made with larger, more expensive stone blocks than even the wealthiest sections of cobblestoned streets in Sea Haven. Muldor always wondered where he got them from; imported of course but from where.
The effect on a regular visitor would be profound if they were so inclined to be influenced by a show of opulence. It was an impressive, piece by piece construct designed to put the observer in a position of weakness. Muldor ignored it and went to the front door where two pillars stood to the side. Marble beauties carved to perfection.
Before Muldor reached the front step, the door opened, and the butler stood there silent and still.
My thanks, Gerald, Muldor said and walked passed him to the foyer. Gerald closed the door and walked forward. They went upstairs to Castellans bedroom, a beautiful room with tapestries and lush rugs that covered the floor wall to wall. A huge candelabrum hung from the ceiling, and candlesticks lined the outer edge of the room.
The atmosphere was warm and inviting. Castellan sat on a chair and nodded to Gerald. Thank you, Gerald. That will do.
When you need me, sir.
Muldor stood by the doorway and studied his direct superior. The chair was high backed, lush, and placed just in front of a roaring fire. The Guild Master warmed his hands and studied the flames. The flickering light danced in his eyes making them look almost malicious and cruel. His wavy long hair hung loose and uncombed down his broad back. Castellan was a striking figure, tall and handsome, comfortable in a deep velvet robe made of pure white.
Please, Muldor, have a seat. There is something we must discuss.
Muldor did as he was bid and found to his surprise he was both tired and nervous. Castellan didnt seem himself. The man continued to stare at the fire.
How long have we worked together, Muldor?
You have been Guild Master four years, three months and a member of the Guild over twice that. I have been a member for
For many years, your entire adult life. Castellan smiled and turned to him. I understand you spent some time training with the thieves guild, is that right?
Muldor frowned and shifted in this seat. I did. But that vocation no longer presents any desire for me, nor sympathy.
No, you misunderstand me. There is no question to your loyalty. In all this time have you ever known me to take action in which The Merchants Guild has not been my first priority, the entity which I hold the most sacred? Have you?
Muldor shook his head. I have not.
Good. As long as we understand each other. Now, he said and started pacing in front of the fire, giving the occasional glance to Muldor. Weve worked hard, all of us, the entire membership of the Guild, striving to secure our rightful place among the hierarchy of the city. I wasnt born here, Muldor, you know that. And I have known what can only be described as a certain snobbery, even prejudice, among those born in Sea Haven. This is yet another advantage to having you as my second.
Everyone respects you, Muldor, from the lowliest dock worker to the highest city official. That is our advantage. I have made arrangements, private arrangements, with members of the city council. They have our best interests at heart, let me assure you. We are consolidating our influence. Soon, the people themselves will be under our protection.
As he spoke, Muldor translated Castellans words to what they really meant. Influence meant power. Protection meant control, under our yoke so to speak. Private arrangements meant payoffs. Castellan wasnt fooling Muldor.
So, Castellan said, as you can see, everything is going according to plan, according to our dream, our destiny with the Guild. Do you agree?
I do.
Castellan smiled, more relaxed now, more than Muldor recognized.
A man of few words, one of the many attributes you possess that I admire. Why say so much when Muldor himself can convey so much more with less? Ah, our Guild is lucky to have you. Your dedication is second to none. So, he said and sat down on his couch. He eyed Muldor with what amounted to compassion for him, and took a deep breath. It is with some consternation I must bring a situation to your attention.
Muldor kept his face impassive, but there was a trickle of trepidation building in his gut.
As you know, Muldor, we are attempting to battle against depravity and avarice in our beloved city. By doing so, perhaps we can eliminate our hated moniker. This Murder Haven as we are referred to in some corners of the world. The Arc Lector and I are working hand in hand to clean up such areas like the gambling den. We have already closed that down, and now we turn our attention towards the fighting arena, a barbaric place to be sure. We may turn our gaze to Madam Drearys prostitution house, but that is not a priority now.
I dont think she will appreciate that much. Nor will the members of the city council who frequent the place.
Castellan smirked. Always unafraid to speak the truth. That is one of your many strengths. But that situation will come later. Now our focus is on the fighting arena, the pit as it is known with some affection. The city has closed it. It has been for some time closed under penalty of death.
Muldor knew that was a lie, enacted for appearances sake and to make the pit more of an exclusive place to be, thus causing more and more people to flock there. He grew impatient. I see. And what has this to do with me, Guild Master?
Castellan smiled one of his most sincere and generous smiles. Please, in the context of this relaxed atmosphere, you know you can call me Castellan. We will become more than colleagues, much like your predecessor, in the months to come.
What does this have to do with me, Castellan?
Castellan grew stern. His handsome features contorted into a grim visage. Im afraid theres been an incident. Some dock workers were caught attending a night time match at the arena, can you believe it? Even with posted signs, they took it upon themselves to enter and participate in these ghastly games. Horrible.
Muldor held his breath.
One of these men is named is Sam Carver, whom I believe is your cousin. Im very sorry, but the city council has already seen case and decided their fate. He and five of his co-workers will face the gallows this week.
Muldor sat still and didnt say a word until he found his voice. When he did, it didnt sound like himself. Is there anything else you require of me?
Castellan sat back with a slight look of smugness on his features. No, that is all.
Muldor left, not remembering the trip home or how he even arrived at his office. He sat at his desk and stared at the simmering fire until morning.

* * * * *

Journal Entry 1149
	
There is nothing I can do. Carvers fate was decided the moment he entered the arena. The emotional distress has me frozen. I cannot go against Castellans edict. Police Captain Cubbins has my cousin under lock and key, chained together with his unfortunate fellows. What is in it for me to free him? I lack the ability.

Another lost shipment has found its way into my sphere of notice. I have no recompense with the Dock Masters who continue to play coy with me. They are a band of scoundrels, not true members of the Guild. They are men who care about their pocket books, not the free trade and prosperity of our union of confederates that provide a valuable service to the community.

I feel alone. A dangerous situation for a man in need of assistance. The merchants, the regular men who pay a tithe of their profits in order for organization for their business, are in so much awe of Castellan and his minions. Its the only word I can give to Jerrod and his men. The merchants fear to band together to fight him. I cannot convince them otherwise.

Carvers fate, the hypocrisy of Castellans edict, gnaws at my sensibilities. Those old, younger days of family loyalty are so strong yet watered down. My cousins parents are long gone as are mine, but his children will starve and become a subject of the citys welfare system. A fate worse than the gallows.

Perhaps this small thread I may pull upon and make good. It is the only thought that gives me hope.

Chapter Eight
Marissa cried all night.
Her daddy was gone, taken by loud, violent men. She hadnt realized how much her father had meant to her until this moment. Carvers kind way, his gentle demeanor, his warmth, strong hands, and the way he hugged her close to his side. It was all gone.
Her mother was stricken with grief. She sat paralyzed by apathy, sitting in front of the fire most of the day and night. She ignored the pleas of Marissa and her two siblings and even the cries of the baby. Robert bawled and screamed in his crib, but their mother did nothing to comfort him.
The woman would talk to them at times, but only in incoherent mumblings like a drunken fool. Gertrude and Willard had given up trying to speak with her, and instead followed Marissa around wherever she went, clinging to her side.
Willard tugged her dress. Wheres daddy?
Marissa pulled his hand away and gripped it tight, rubbing his fingers. Go set the table, dear. Its almost time for supper.
Gertrude was already there, staring at Marissa with wide eyed wonder. Her chair wasnt quite high enough to reach the edge, and Marissa hadnt had time yet to get her the block of wood that they used as an extension. She had to put more water into the pot, get some fire woodthey were running lowand chop up some vegetables.
There werent many vegetables left. Just a couple of potatoes that were beginning to get mushy and had too many extra growths coming out of their eyes, along with a few half carrots and a moldy squash unfit for eating. Her father told them more food was coming, but now it was too late. He was gone.
Im hungry, Gertrude said from the table. Her little head poked over the top. Marissa frowned and put the block of wood where it belonged. She picked her sister up and plopped her back down on the floor a little too hard, for Gertrude began to cry.
Stop it! Marissa said. Stop crying! Im momma now, and you have to listen to me. Stop crying and help Willie set the table. Stop it!
Gertrude bucked up and did as she was told. She stood on the tips of her toes and pushed the grubby silverware in place. Willard wasted time, standing there picking his nose.
Marissa let him be. She had other things to worry about. Like finishing the stew. Doing what she always did, she loaded the pot up, but after many minutes, it still didnt taste the same as when her mother stirred it. Marissa eyed her mother. The woman didnt move, save the lone finger that was twirling in her hair over and over again.
My tummy hurts, Gertrude said. Willard agreed.
Marissa thought he should eat his boogers and be satisfied with that. They might taste better than the stew. They needed spices; salt, pepper, something to hide the lack of flavor in the low quality vegetables. Their mother had once said something similar.
It turned out okay, but the others still complained about the taste and lack of bread. Marissa told them there was no more bread, and they asked when they were getting some more.
Later, she held the baby. Robert was the calmest, most normal member of the household. He seemed that way on the surface, but Marissa felt cold on him. He looked despondent, almost as if he were wise enough to understand the futility of their situation.
Later, Marissa slept in her parents bed, glad for the extra space. She heard them in the other room, alternating between sobbing and whispering about daddy and what was wrong with mommy. Marissa couldnt answer them and couldnt sleep.
She lay still, feeling the wind escape through the windows and chill her body. The blanket lay underneath, twisted and still. It had bunched up under her back, and a lump poked her spine.
Her thoughts turned towards other things. She wondered what Hodge was up to, if he stirred at the gates. The ghost was her friend and would help her. He could tell her what to do, how to fix things, how to wake her mother from her stupor, and how to return her father to them. Marissa needed to see him.
The graveyard was quiet; the air was still. It felt different to her, more frightening, as if every visit before was by someone elses body and not her own. Before it had all been a game. She panted with fear as she stepped over the gravestones, picking her way across as if no power of her own controlled her body. Something else compelled her forward.
She approached Hodges mausoleum, and the structure appeared so much more menacing than before. So dark and foreboding, Marissa almost turned back and ran off. The young girl looked like a frightened rabbit, ready to bolt and shivered amongst the dry stone and rotting earth.
But Hodge phased into view. Relief flooded into her body and even though part of her mind knew better, Marissa charged forward to embrace him. The ghost pulsed and flew up out of reach, but there was an anticipation in his eyes she did not understand.
Oh, Hodge! So much has happened. Please, you must help me! My father, they took my daddy. Please, Hodge.
Tell me what has happened, child. I will listen.
In brief, stuttering words she told him what happened. The ghost listened, hovering above the ground, bobbing in tune with the wind as if part of his spirit remained corporal.
Marissa finished and fell to her knees, exhausted by the emotional outburst pent up for so long in her young body. She cried and sobbed until snot bubbles burst and drained down her face.
You have to-to help me, Hodge. Please! You m-m-must help me. There is no one else. Men will come and take us away. We have no money, nothing to eat. Please, you have magic, you must help us.
The specter floated back and forth and seemed to be wrestling with an internal conflict.
I have no magic child. There is nothing I can do. I am sorry.
No! Please, please, please help me please.
Marissa sobbed on the ground, holding her head and blubbering without control. Time passed. Her emotional energy drained away from her. Its passage left her hollow, weak, and confused.
Hodge hovered closer, the stark coldness of his ethereal presence made her shiver again, but she sat up and faced him. The ghost studied her like never before. Marissa thought of what he was; only that he paid attention to her. But here was a supernatural being, right before her eyes, real and substantial when he shouldnt be. Hodges eyes were burning coals in a wavering face, floating within that jelly-like, oval shape.
I may help you child, but the cost is high.
Marissa found it difficult to speak. I-I dont I dont understand. I need help. You can help me, Hodge. Give it to me.
It is not something I can give, but rather something you and I will share, a transfer. It must be done with willingness.
Marissa choked on a sob as she spoke. Ill do anything. Please help.
Very well, child. I am drawn to your life force, the spark that burns within your breast. It is this that makes our visits enjoyable to me, this true spirit that resides within your form. I can taste of this essence, and if you permit it, I can change you.
Marissa didnt understand any of it, only that Hodge was willing to help her. That was all that mattered. She nodded, feeling dizzy. Yes, please, Hodge, do it. Help me.
Hodge hovered for a moment longer and raced forward with such speed and sudden ferocity Marissa screamed. His hands grabbed her. The grip was freezing, and the young girl gasped. Her breath caught in her throat. The specters eyes bored into hers, and her grip on consciousness slipped. Her head lolled to the side.
Hodge gave something to her that night that could never be taken away.

* * * * *

The hanging was set for noon.
Castellan had trouble deciding which doublet to wear. Either the rich, velvety one made of material dyed a deep red like a cherry, or the golden one that matched his armor better. He chose the latter, thinking it would better match his guards as well. They wore shining plate mail and golden tresses on their shoulder guards. The golden one would work fine.
The Guild Master wore his golden, fleece-like vest under his plate mail. It was a thinner piece of armor compared to his men, more ornamental, and with his royal blue cloak of heavy silk thrown about his shoulders; he thought he cut quite a dashing figure. He combed his hair and practiced certain looks in the mirror. A stern visage was needed but also one that demonstrated compassion for the condemned men.
Looking deep to his impressive image in the mirror, Castellan shifted his necklace, the one the Arc Lector had given him. It had become his most cherished possession, out stripping even his other rings and jewels. He wanted the Arc Lectors gift to be seen by all as a symbol of Castellans own righteousness.
It wasnt just a show of force but a necessary measure to create order and obedience among the people. Plus, if the Guild gained a stronger foothold within the hierarchy, then all the better.
A rare batch of sunshine fell on their faces, and Castellan and his entourage made their way towards the gallows. It was a section of open street near the police headquarters and the rest of the citys political and service buildings. Castellan thought the weather fitting for this day. The people should have a bright, unimpeded view of the proceedings. More people would also arrive because the weather was clear. Plus, there hadnt been a hanging for some time. Perhaps it was one of many reasons lawlessness was becoming more common. So much the better for a hanging. People need to respect the law. Punishment is the best deterrent.
Castellan felt a rush of pride and power when watching the faces of passersby on the street. Some looked at them with awe and even fear.
The gallows lay near the police headquarters main yard, an outside place for criminals to be stored once the inner jail house was full. There werent many men or women outside at present, but those that were there stood behind the iron bars and peered out with anticipation.
Castellan and his troop were early, so he decided to let them mill around the gallows wooden construction, a simple platform with six separate noose sections and corresponding dump holes.
Telling his captain, Lance Bowman, to wait for him, Castellan went inside and spoke with Captain Cubbins. Inside the jail, the officers were getting things ready. Cubbins was by his office.
The large, handsome man turned and eyed Castellan with a mute expression.
Captain Cubbins, may I ask if the prisoners are ready?
Cubbins said something to a subordinate, handed a swath of papers, and the man walked off.
Sending the order in now, Cubbins said. We needed the proper clearance sheets to finish from the council.
Of course, of course. I understand Lord Falston and Lord Cassius will be in attendance this afternoon.
Another hour will get us there.
Splendid! I anticipate the crowd will be quite rowdy. I was wondering if some of my associates would be of help keeping the peace. They are some solid men that you could use to supplement your own police forces.
Cubbins looked wary, but both of them knew he couldnt turn the offer down. Even though Castellan had sprung it on him unannounced, Jerrod had made necessary financial arrangements.
Cubbins stuck his tongue in his mouth, but he nodded and acquiesced. We can do that. Speak with Lieutenant Dillon, and he can coordinate with your men.
Very well. I thank you, Captain Cubbins. I look forward to a long relationship of mutual benefit.
Cubbins turned and entered his office without saying a word. Castellan smiled. The hanging would commence soon.

* * * * *

Giorgio kept to the outskirts of the crowd. The young thief kept his eyes and his feet moving, always moving, always looking for any sign for potential threat. There were thieves watching his back and more watching theirs. An attitude of redundancy played for all members of the Guild, but he didnt like taking any chances. There was always something that could go wrong. Always.
Pick pocketing a few people in the crowd was easy for him. It thickened and swelled in anticipation for the hanging. Such an action was frowned upon by true thieves. It was a simplistic, childish activity saved for amateurs, but Giorgio didnt care. If they were going to fight the merchants, they needed the money. Plus, it was enjoyable.
People were so easy to fool. Living in Sea Haven, they should know better, but most never paid attention to their surroundings. He took advantage of it, snagging a few purses with a little tap on the shoulder or bump on the side with his own hip, just enough to make them another bumped into them by chance.
The crowd spoke of the charges against the men. They couldnt believe that anyone would go against the citys edict and enter the arena. Everyone knew the penalty was death.
Giorgios frustration grew from the ridiculous hypocrisy. The city made money on the arena. It could never be shut down, not for real. They could make all the fuss they wanted, but Giorgio was not convinced.
The pockets in his threadbare clothes filled up fast and threatened to slow him. He went to an alleyway off the side, and dumped some of the contents out. Saving the silver and a couple of gold pieces, he dumped most of the coppers. They werent worth carrying just now, and perhaps some lucky beggar would walk by and discover them.
Giorgio went back to the crowd, scanning it for familiar bodies. He wouldnt see any face of a thief, rather he would know them by how they moved. Marston and Coleson in particular stood out but then again, the Elites were so good at concealing themselves, they might be hard to discern. Anders and some of his younger brethren would be easier to spot.
He saw Martha, another of the few women thieves of the Guild. She dressed as a beggar, like Momma Goodness, a common bag lady that frequented any large gathering of people to fill her pockets with donations. Martha wore rags from head to foot and had smeared her face with sludge. Giorgio admired that level of commitment. She looked amazing.
Giorgio settled into a routine of observation and contemplation. The Thieves Guild was there to watch, to gain information, to perhaps see if they might interfere with the proceedings.
If a chance to interrupt the hanging presented itself, he would give the signal.

* * * * *

The crowd was getting rowdy.
Jerrod muttered under his breath. Stupid slugs. Hey, get back you!
The enforcer shoved a man back from the stage, and the man fell into a group of common insects behind. The people in the crowd yelled at Jerrod and started to storm forward, but the brutal man shouted to Marko, and the lead tough brought his boys forward.
The toughs, as they liked to call themselves, linked brawny arm to brawny arm and shoved the crowd back from the stage. Jerrod stood behind and thought about pulling his sword, but Castellan had warned that killing would not be allowed. They had to use non-lethal force. Damn.
That meant it would be harder to control the crowd, and there was more risk of injury. Jerrod gave a mental shrug and yelled louder. The toughs would just have to deal with it. Thats what he paid them for.
Move em back, you louts! Move it!
One of the toughs, a man almost as large as Jerrod, punched a peasant square in the gut. The simpleton doubled over in agony before being shoved back and swallowed by the crowd. The rest of them settled enough to be under control.
They continued shouting for the hanging to begin, but they stayed where they were. Jerrod ordered his men to stand down and come back before the stage. He looked up at it, over his shoulder. Some of the city officials, including Cassius and Lord Falston, stood off to the side of the center stage. Castellan was there as well, chatting them up.
Jerrods boss looked reverential, grim even, and he spoke with them in hushed tones. Jerrod knew better. It was all for show, the slimy snake. He had to give the man credit, though. Acting worked, and Castellan was good at it.
The executioners needed to get to work fast or the crowd might become unruly.

* * * * *

They dragged out the prisoners. Six forgotten, irrelevant men bound in shackles and linked together in impending doom. The poor sots were beaten down in spirits and unkempt. The crowd booed as the jailors, led by Captain Cubbins, pulled them towards the gallows.
Muldor felt heartsick and torn as his cousin Sam Carver was dragged to his death. The mans intrepid co-workers marched with him. Every one of them crestfallen and distraught. Their fate was decided.
The poor fools were not to blame; Muldor was. But it was out of his hands. There was nothing to be done. He was only a single man, with no power, no influence. For who would listen to him and his pleas? No one cared. He was a lowly worker, a mere accountant.
Muldor stepped out of the way as a hawker pushed his cart through the crowd. He sold some hard liquor and an unidentifiable cooked beast that looked about as appetizing as charred dung. The cart was rectangular and bulky. The man did no one any favors by running over toes and banging knees. Muldor admired the mercantile initiative. It was smart to take advantage of the crowd.
Good sir, the hawker said to Muldor, you look as though a stiff drink would do your humors wonders. Have a go?
My humors are where I wish them. Good day.
The man frowned, but several people took him up on the offer. He plopped down his cart and had at it.
Muldor moved on, pushing his way through the throng of people speaking with one another. All tried to get a better view of the stage, which was silly because the view was panoramic. There wasnt a bad spot in the entire square. The problem was with people pushing in from the adjourning streets.
Muldor felt the push as he tried to get closer. He was somewhat glad for once of his size, for his thicker build gave him the physical impetuous to move people aside. His beefy forearms pushed bodies out of his way. No malice intended, but some were apt to argue. Most of those knew him by sight and stepped away.
Excuse me, Master Muldor, one man said and tugged his wife out of the way to let Muldor pass. Watch it, love.
My thanks.
Moments later he felt someone bump him from behind. A small, gentle tap really, not meant to move but to distract. A split second later, he felt a deft hand reach for his coin purse at his side. Muldor grabbed the offending limb and twisted. But instead of groaning and trying to turn away, the thief laughed, and all of a sudden he looked face to face with Giorgio.
I always hoped your skills hadnt left you, Giorgio said, and Muldor released his wrist. You should come back to our side. I still say youre too big to be a good thief. He rubbed his wrist. Damn strong though.
Those days are long behind me though I see you arent above some common thuggery.
Youre one to talk. You and your boss are the most successful thugs in the city.
Ill take that as a compliment from you, considering your associates. Why are you here? Jerrod has a heavy contract on your head.
Giorgio shushed him and looked around. His hood covered his face. Lets not mention his name. You never know who is listening. We wouldnt want to ruin your boss big day with any unnecessary fighting, now would we? There will be plenty of death to go around as it is here.
Theyll kill you.
Giorgio shrugged and met his gaze. Maybe so. Gotta find me first. That wont be easy. Plus, we all die someday, isnt that true? I think your cousin understands that more than we do. Yeah?
Muldor frowned. Spare me the theatrics. This is not the time or place for melodrama.
Giorgio chuckled and scanned the crowd. Spare me your indignation, Muldor. This is the perfect place for it. Look around. This place is a circus, a show for your boss.
I take no ownership for his actions.
Giorgio snapped his attention back to him and leaned closer, dropping his voice to a hiss. Dont give me that. You do nothing, yet your own flesh and blood heads to the gallows. You might as well be pulling the lever. If they kill me, at least I die on my feet, fighting. Not down on my knees like you.
Giorgio glared at Muldor, then disappeared into the crowd. Muldor tried to keep his eyes on him for as long as possible, but the man was too fast, and melded into the people around him. The man was good at what he did.
And maybe the thief was right. Maybe it was better to die fighting.

* * * * *

The shackles were heavy and chafed his wrists, but Carver did not complain. Accepting death with dignity was the only way to go. It did not, however, stop the inevitable tide of dread crashing over his mind and engulfing him with tremendous misery.
The dock worker waited for the release, and during the previous night it had come. He boiled away with his belief in the hereafter. God and his personal faith would not see him through the morning.
But here now in the middle of the street, shackled and stuck together with his piteous co-workers, the realization crashed down upon him. His gut twisted; his head throbbed. Never had he felt such mind numbing terror. The crowd yelled and threw rotten vegetables at him and his fellows.
Jules was numb. The boisterous man was still as silent as he had been for the entire fiasco. Perhaps guilt held his tongue. Or his own personal fright closed gripped his voice.
Mathis had played it tough at first, telling them everything would be fine, that this would never go far. They were all innocent. He yelled and then begged for them to be set free. The morning of the execution found him as despondent and mellow as the other five men. But here in the midst of chaos and impending death, Mathis cried and begged like a frightened little boy.
The other three were faceless to Carver, for all he could see in his minds eye were his wife and children. His wife was still as beautiful as when they met, so young and fresh and cheerful. Her singing voice made him fall for her, the way she sang.
His children and their young lives were a blur to him. It seemed they had only been born yesterday, one after another so fast he couldnt keep up. They were at their present age in the blink of his eye. Carver would never see them grow, never know how their lives went, if they lived well, if they would be happy.
Without a father supporting their family, their future was certain for destitution and privation. Their mother had no real skills to make a living. She would wind up on the street as a whore, since she was too old to find work with Madam Dreary. The four children would be sent off to the city orphanage where a life of painful misery awaited.
Carver swooned when he thought of their fate. The face of his wife, pale and frightened of a life without him, came to his mind. The other behind groaned and picked up the slack while a jailor grabbed his arm and pulled him along.
We have to go now, the man said. Be strong and itll be over soon. Put one foot in front of the other. Thats it, pal. Keep moving.
There was compassion in the mans voice and that surprised Carver, but he didnt question it. Instead, he focused on the instructions and did what he was told. The sun hit his eyes and half blinded him as he tried to raise his hands to ward it off. The shackles, however, impeded any movement above the waist. So he ducked his head down, not in shame, but to ward off the blinding rays of the powerful orb above.
The people shouted and hounded him as the six men moved forward towards the stage. They sounded like the people in the arena. When Carver thought of that god forsaken place, the poor man moaned. The source of all his current ills, he wished he had never seen or heard of it. Upon incarceration he had cursed his fellows but soon realized they would share the same fate as he. Hating them helped no one.
They neared the gallows. Mathis whimpered and begged, but the jailors pulled them forward. They had a job to do as well. Carver couldnt hate them either. Some of them had children to feed. They did what they thought was right.
Mathis stumbled and slowed down the train of shackled men shackled. Carver shuffled right behind him.
Hush now, son, Carver said. These people will remember how you go. Dont give them the satisfaction. Keep walking.
But I dont wanna die! We didnt do anything wrong. This isnt fair. We dont deserve this. I dont wanna die.
Thats all done now. Were goin to a better place. Youve heard the Arc Lector speak. Hes promised our souls absolution, eternal peace. Remember?
Mathis didnt listen. He was too busy weeping and blubbering like a child. Carver sighed but was glad for the distraction. Helping someone else allowed him to forget about himself.
As they reached the edge of the steps in front of the gallows, someone from the crowd grabbed Carvers arm. He turned, expecting a rough housing brute, drunk and looking to rib him, but he saw the man he thought could have saved him.
Im sorry, Sam, Muldor said.
Their group stopped as the jailors spread out and helped pushed the crowd back. Carver took advantage of the brief interlude to nod to his cousin and smile. No, you helped me. You got me transferred at least.
But that act has led you to your doom.
No, no, dont be troubled. You are my blood. Jusjus. Carvers voice broke and he stuttered. The line moved forward again as the jailors cleared the way. Watch over my family, Muldor, our family. Please, do me this kindness?
I will.
Relief flooded through him and strengthened his legs as he marched up the steps with the others onto the platform. As long as his family was well cared for, he neednt worry about himself.
The gallows was a group of six separate wooden poles with corresponding ropes hanging over with heavy nooses. Several men stood there already off to the side. City officials, Carver thought, important men far above my meager stature.
The jailors cut their foot bindings but kept them shackled. Each one lined up over a trap door, each one under a noose. The crowd yelled and hollered for them to start, the whole environment a chaotic jumble of noise and energy. Carver felt calm for a reason he couldnt understand.
A man, standing among the city officials, stepped forward. He raised his hands, and the crowd quieted. He was handsome and tall, wearing full armor that looked more ornamental then functional, at least to Carvers eyes. Something about him sent a shiver through the condemned men.
When the man spook, his voice was rich and commanding, somehow comforting. These men have broken the law. Their act was willful and negligent. They have violated the sanctity and trust of our beloved city. Their actions cannot and will not be tolerated. They go now to our creator and may His mercy find them.
With that, he motioned to the executioners. Tall, thick bodied men with black hoods and leather leggings, they fitted the nooses on their necks. They offered the men any last words, but no one had anything to say. Hoods went over their heads.
Carver breathed hard. The tight confines of the hood constricted his movements and made him more afraid than he could ever imagine. His wrists felt heavy, the metal shackles chafing into his skin.
The crowd grew more compassionate, with the sound of weeping reaching Carvers ears. Some pleas of mercy punctuated the calls for death. The calls of mercy went unheard, and the executioners took their places.
The abyss awaited.

Chapter Nine
The city of Janisberg, Sea Havens closest neighbor and chief rival for import and export masters of the coast, sat fifty leagues south of the huge port city. It was the first major city along the coastline sailing vessels found when looking for a stopping place to refit, refill, and spend some leisure time.
It was a brighter, more pleasurable city to visit and oftentimes when ships made port at Sea Haven, they would drop their cargo and head down to Janisberg for copious amounts of alcohol and night time activates. There was less violence and nefarious proclivity. It had the reputation of being warm and welcoming to outsiders.
Its geographical location was left wanting in certain important respects. The eastern side was blocked by the same mountainous expanse that hugged Sea Havens southern stretch of land. Because of this, trade routes were restricted. It would take a merchant with wagons a good many weeks to travel across this range and even then the main trade route led far into the heart of the continent.
Thus, it was with some consternation, the managers of the docks in Janisberg were forced to deal with Sea Haven. Its principle ports provided access into the prosperous trade routes. They were essential to their business and even survival, so they dealt with Sea Havens disreputable actions from time to time with sense of duty to the rest of the city. For so much depended upon trade.
Dock Master Jonathon Baumgardener, of average height with angular features, didnt concern himself much with thoughts of impropriety. The young man kept his straw colored hair back from his eyes and focused on how many barrels of fish would go to market and how many would be placed on board to ship out.
Rolling up his sleeves, he plunged his hands deep into a container with slippery stock and pulled out a large specimen of trout. It was twice the length of his forearm and thick bodied. It smelled fresh.
Told ya, Master Jon, the fisherman said. We got a fine catch this time out. The waters be full of trout this season. I found a new spot off the Barberry Isle. Looks to work for us.
You did tell me, Jon said. And well done I must say. These will work well for the outgoing shipment to Tennisons. Ill write out an order for them this afternoon. Come see me at my office if you would be so kind.
The fisherman, named Scully, bowed and looked please. I will indeed, Master Jon. Im glad to be of service. Maybe we can hook up a steady contract with you, on account of our past business that is.
Jon smiled. Of course. We are always on the lookout for quality goods. Come to me later, and well see what we can do.
Scully beamed and shook his hand, pumping it with enthusiasm. Thanks be to you, Master Jon. Anything else I might be helping ye with?
Jon smiled, but then he took a deep breath and felt uncomfortable as he spoke. There is one thing.
Eh?
A silly matter perhaps, but I was wondering if the rumor mill had anything of interest going round that might concern my office.
Scully looked confused and scratched his head. A sunburned bald head with tiny scars on the top, white against the scalded red. The fisherman was shorter than Jon and wore striped pants that ended just above his knees. He looked like a monkey asked to do a trick it couldnt comprehend for its trainer.
Jon smiled, finding it amusing.
Well now, Scully said, let me think. Not heard much I fear. No, not much. There is some talk of some funny looking people about town. Men from the far south they say, swarthy looking fellows with thick beards and dark hair. Ummm there was talk the other day of some new bootleggers that might be doing some business at the Starlight Inn but
Jon waved him off. No, no, thats enough, thank you. Not what I was thinking of, but I suppose it was silly of me to ask in the first place.
Not at all, young master. You know what they say, tongues wag a bit more down here at the docks. Men will talk you know.
Yes, I know. Thank you for your time, Scully. I will see you this afternoon.
Jon walked off a bit frustrated. Everyone had a boss, and his superiors harped him to find out what happened with some missing cargo. All of it shipped to Sea Haven within the past month. Most times the docks, where fisherman sold their wares and other men came to trade and talk shop, were as good a place as any to glean information. But not yet today.
Jon strolled around, checking a new schooner being tested. It was wider of bow and deeper of hull than they had used before. It was a project of Jons placed in good hands with Gershon. A maritime engineer and a good man who worked on the cutting edge of ship building, something Janisberg prided itself on. If they couldnt be the biggest port on the coast, they could at least have the best fleet.
Jon also posed, in no certain terms, the same question to others and got little else for his trouble.
A boy of twelve ran up to him as he headed back to his office. The child was out of breath. Sir-sir-Master Jon you-you.
Jon put a hand on his shoulder. Easy, Timothy. Take your time and breathe. It cannot be so pressing to cause you so much consternation. Slow down and speak when you can, please.
Th-thank you. The boy took a moment to regain his composure. I have a message for you. You are to go to the magistrates office at once.
Jon sighed and muttered under his breath. Every man has his own master.
Sir?
Oh, nothing. Thank you, Timothy. Something for your trouble.
Jon handed him a copper and smiled as the child beamed and ran off. At least someone was having a good day.
Magistrate Harpers office was not too far from Jons. Harpers duties entailed judicial powers of the docks and any and all matters pertaining therein. Jon worked with him hand in hand at times.
The office was similar in appearance to the other dockside buildings: low leaning, wooden planks with bolted moorings that attached to the extensive boardwalk. Jon always liked having the man nearby because it made him feel more secure. A garrison of dock security was close by. Six men rotated on eight hour shifts throughout the day and night.
Magistrate Harper was a tall, lanky man with a reddish beard and a pallid complexion. He indicated the other side of his desk as Jon entered. Please sit.
Thank you, sir.
It was then Jon noticed another man in the room. He started in fright as he caught the sight of him in the corner of his eye. The stranger stood there, silent and still, like paint on the wall.
Magistrate Harper cleared his throat. This is Zandor, Jon. Please, be seated.
Jon nodded and did as he was told. The man Zandor eyed him with what looked like amusement.
Jon stammered. Magistrate Harper, I.
Harper held up a hand. Jon, be at ease. You are not on trial. There is no reason to feel uncomfortable. 
Jon nodded but could not help gawking at the mysterious man. Zandor dressed all in black and dark red, like dried blood, from head to toe. He had a multitude of pouches hanging from a leather belt and various daggers and throwing knives along together in a separate belt strapped to his waist. Zandor stood with a casual yet ready stance, like a coiled spring. Most of his face was hidden by his hood. The tanned skin of his hands looked older than his taut physique. To say he looked formidable was an understatement.
Zandor is here by my request, Magistrate Harper said. He will be helping us in the days to come in our investigation.
Jon inclined his head. Pleasure to meet you, Master Zandor.
Zandor tsked. Just Zandor. And the pleasures mine, Jonathon Baumgardener.
Jon didnt know why, but it unnerved him that this man knew his full name. Harper gave him a reassuring smile.
Theres no need to be nervous. We need your help. That is all.
Jon smiled back the best he could. Of course. How can I help you?
No doubt youve heard of the missing supplies. Whole shipments of goods, valuable goods, are not accounted for. I believe, also, that these shipments fall under your specific purview as dock master of Piers Five through Eight.
We are in the process of an audit. I uh, yes, in fact this morning I was looking into things down at the docks, hoping to learn some more details, see if anyone knows anything.
Good work, Harper said and sat forward. You are to continue to lead of investigation but on a grander scale. Do you understand?
Jon shifted in his seat. A grander scale? He looked at Zandor but got only a slight smirk. How so?
We want you to finds the missing goods. You have records so finish the audit, coordinate with this office through Zandor and do whatever it takes to prove the theft. Bring the thieves to justice.
Me sir?
It is your responsibility as dock master to ensure goods arrive and are paid for at their destination, is that not true?
Uh, yes, of course. So what do you wish me to do?
Im told youre smart. The best there is at your job. Your recent promotion at such a young age lends credence to this assertion. From my limited interaction with you, I am inclined to believe it.
Jon couldnt help but smile, backward as the compliment was. Thank you, sir. But I dont believe that qualifies me as a proper investigator.
Magistrate Harper sat back and stapled his fingers in front of his chest. Young man, there comes a time in every mans life when he must do things he feels, for the simple reason it is needed done. We feel you are indeed qualified. You know all the numbers; you know the specific cargo missing, the specific amounts; you have records of every ship that has left our docks and given over to Sea Haven.
Well, thats the interesting thing, Jon said and glanced again at Zandor. All the ships have returned, sans their cargo of course, and most of the numbers add up.
You say most, and that is the very issue.
There is to be expected some irregularities, it is the nature of the business. The merchants themselves account for it.
Then why the audit? We have spoken with the ships captains, and they have given us their bills of lading, signed by your counterparts in Sea Haven, but there are local merchants that say they have not gotten paid their due.
Youve answered your own question, and the reason for our audit in the case. These things take time, Magistrate Harper. I see no reason to take it further until the investigation is finished on that end.
Harper shared a look with Zandor. Jon swallowed.
You are to keep this information secret, Harper said. When we interviewed the captains, there was a certain individual, who will remain nameless, that relayed information to this office concerning illegal activities up north with our beloved neighbor. The last part was said with sarcasm.
Jon nodded. You think there has been some bribery and coercion. And this captain witnessed it. Or maybe he was part of it.
Very good. You know their reputation as Murder Haven. Thats what they call it, and it serves them right. He scoffed. Ive heard stories. Thieves and murderers, every single one of them.
Jon had heard stories too.
Your responsibility is simple, Dock Master Baumgardener. If the investigation proves true; this is theft on a much grander scale than mere skimming. Some of that, as you said, is to be expected. I dont agree with its allowance, and this office shall punish such transgressions to the fullest extent of the law. However, these minor occurrences are not your priority. I have other agents on that.
You, however, must turn your attention and very specific knowledge of these goods, since your office was involved, toward garnering more information what was stolen. Is that understood?
The magistrate went silent, and Jon felt eyes on him. There it was in no uncertain terms. The weight of responsibility hung over him, and he felt fine with it. It was his job after all. And his shame.
Ill do it. Of course. What do we do? I apologize, but I am not much of a tactician. Wouldnt a diplomat be a good choice to assist me, in case we need to speak with Sea Havens city officials?
That may come later, Jon. I know Lord Governor Falston, met him a few times, and he understands that lawlessness runs rampant in his city, but there is only so much one man can do. Grayme Lautner may be needed in coming days, but the Ambassador is a busy man as you know.
Jon nodded. Hed never met Lautner, but his reputation as a shrewd negotiator was well known.
As of now, Harper said, we wish to keep this between us. We need information and evidence before this office can take an official action. Is that understood? We do not wish to create a political morass. That is why I have asked Zandor here, to help you in your investigation and to go with you to Sea Haven.
Jon had expected just that, so it came as no surprise. But he expected Harper to say more. When he didnt, he sat forward. Yes, I see. Um, and who else?
Pardon?
Who else will accompany us? Is it to be only the two of us, sir?
Yes, the two of you will go along with the mornings shipment. I assure you, Zandor is sufficient protection.
Were not to take any guards with us? Jon said and regretted it the instant it escaped his lips.
Magistrate Harper sat back. I understand your hesitation, but that many people will draw too much attention. Those people are very suspicious, paranoid even. Trust me when I say Zandor is all the protection you need.
It might have been Jons imagination, but he thought he saw a slight glare from under Zandors hood. Oh, no, no! Of course, sir. I didnt mean to imply he wasnt fit for the task. I only wanted to ascertain more information of our contingent.
Zandor smirked and chuckled.
Harper frowned at him. So you did. Go and get ready. You will be provided with plenty of coin. Keep in mind you may be there for some time, however long it takes. You will remain in touch with this office for the duration.
They set up a regular schedule for Jon to check in and a failsafe in case they stopped hearing from him for longer than four days. Zandor would be given full information about Jons whereabouts at all times, and under no circumstances was Jon to go off alone at any time.
Jon felt like a child being ordered around, but he was in no position to argue.
As Jon packed a few belongings that night, he had to admit that the idea of heading to Murder Haven had its appeal. There were so many stories of the fabled port, it was almost legendary. His father had been an important politician in a nearby city. His brother still was one, and Jon had listened to them speak of Sea Havens massive import business.
They had not one, but two full dock sections, each larger than all of Janisbergs piers combined. With the inlet that traveled the north section of the city, three full sides were surrounded by water. That northern strip was used for a shipping yard where incoming vessels would stop for repairs while other ships were built.
It was said to be the largest wharf section of any city on the entire continent, or at the very least the Strandey Coast. Jon had a secret desire to be a full-fledged mariner, to sail the open sea like the buccaneers and pirates of legend. To witness firsthand the rollicking port of Sea Haven would be miraculous.
The city was said to teem with people. Its population was more than triple of Janisberg. Jon found that hard to believe. It was no doubt an exaggeration but if the real number was even close to what they said, it would be amazing to see. The young dock master found Janisberg enormous, even after six years of living there. It was ten times the size of the small fishing village where he was born, so he couldnt fathom anything larger.
There were other stories though. Whispered stories about certain nefarious agents that made the city their home. Mayhem and murder were commonplace and hence the colloquial nickname. A moniker well earned.
Jon knew for a fact a thieves guild was allowed to operate and flourish within the citys boundaries. With so much disparity between classes, and so much depravation amongst the poor, the city decided long ago to allow a band of thieves to steal and run their operations in order that such activity was controlled.
Jon found it all fascinating. The city punished any non-members for thievery, yet they let the real thieves do what they wanted as long as they took assignments approved by the guild.
Sleep that night was deep, though the initial plunge was hampered by his own excited nervous energy. The next morning found him eager to begin.
Zandor waited for him by Pier Two, near the gangplank for their traveling vessel. He leaned against the pole arm, leg crossed, eating an apple. The man looked calm and relaxed as if hed just left a bath house. Jon wondered how long he had been standing there as Jon himself was a half hour early. He wondered if Zandor even slept. Maybe he was some kind of golem, created to intimidate people.
Master Zandor, Jon said and nodded. I trust you had a pleasant evening.
Just Zandor, kid. Never had much use for titles. They dont put food on the table. Remember that.
Of course. You are right indeed, they do not. Are we ready to board?
Zandor finished his apple, tossed it over his shoulder into the water, and indicated Jon to head up the boarding plank. Jon nodded thanks and felt a nervous tingle as Zandor followed him on board.
Very few people were about. The ship had been loaded up the night before, and from what Jon understood, a sister vessel lead off the bow. Both vessels looked to be ready to launch off.
Jon and Zandor went below deck. It was a smallish but comfortable vessel. Jon had been on similar ships hundreds of times. He had even gone south for a few days and to the first port to the north, a tiny little village that was little more than a lighthouse for any traveling ships that found themselves lost.
The journey was less than a days sail up the coast, and Jon wondered why, with his tenure now begun as dock master, he had never taken the trip before.
Later that night, he and Zandor shared a meal with the ships captain, an older, thin man named Wiggins. He had balding gray hair, long side burns, and a stubby beard. He regaled them with the latest tales of buggery on the high seas.
Oh, theres been naught much of late, Wiggins said and picked at his teeth. Rumor has ol Lorenz put to the islands for the rest of the season. The pirates tired, paid off, buggered off, or resupplying, depending on what youve heard from who.
Good news at least, I would say, said Jon. I should have come to you for any juicy gossip, my friend. Next time youre at port for any length of time, we should meet for a drink.
Only if yer buyin, young sir! Wiggins said and laughed.
Jon laughed as well while Zandor managed a small smirk.
They finished eating their chicken dumplings. They were quite delicious, and they washed it down with cold beer. Zandor ate and drank very little. Jon found himself more excited about Sea Haven. He refilled his cup, this time with wine.
So, he said and burped. Excuse me. Captain Wiggins, no more talk of raiders and nasty buccaneers. Tell me of this Murder Haven. It has always intrigued me. What can you tell me of the city?
Wiggins sat back and patted his rather flat stomach. It made no sense to Jon because the man had shoveled in food like crazy.
Well, now, cant say much about the city itself. Havent seen much o that. The western dock, though, know that place rather well, quite a sight that.
Jon leaned forward. How so?
See, they got this kinda ordered chaos, think the best way to describe it. Peculiar to an outsider, but they run things like a military parade they do. Quite a sight I say.
Jon sat back and looked at Wiggins, putting an inquisitive tilt to his eyebrow. Describe it in more detail.
Wiggins cocked his head, confused. Well now. Hmmm not sure. Describe it in detail. You mean, like, what it all looks like? I aint much for words, you know. Not my area of experience.
No, you must be poetic. I know you are capable because youre a sailor. Youve spent nights watching the sun set on board. Let the muse take your tongue and tell me what you see.
Wiggins harrumphed and shook his head. Funny thing, that. Huh. Well, lots of people there, lots of people. Hundreds of em. They.
Close your eyes.
Wiggins looked uncomfortable, hesitating before doing as Jon asked. Theres so many things about. People carrying boxes, two or three men a crate sometimes, going back and forth from the ships to the boardwalk, back and forth like ants carrying food to their hill. Its cold most times, like winters coming, but it never does. It only stays that way, all chilled up like the frost on a tree. The winds bitter, nasty, with wet clinging to everything. The salt water air so thick it stings your eyes, gets in your clothes, sticks to your hair, stinks for days.
The ships, by god so many that, that massive pier area they got, stretched back so far. To many it dont seem possible they can fit em all there, even with all those docking sections. They jostle about, like dogs fighting over a bone, trying to get a bit in. Its like the whole worlds gone mad. But it works. The whole thing works, and they get the job done.
All these men, dressed like beggars, most of them with dirty, sunburned faces. No hope about em at all, they mill around waiting till theres more work to be had. They always look so sweaty and tired, no matter what time o day it is. But they never stop working when the jobs at hand. Those men suffer, but they dont complain. They deserve respect.
The captain stopped talking and breathed in deep. Wiggins blinked and rubbed his eyes as if waking from a dream. He looked at Jon and Zandor, embarrassed. How was that?
Jon smiled while Zandor chortled.
Not bad, Zandor said. Not bad at all, bubba. Youll see it, Jon. Hes got it pretty close.
I can see it now Jon said, and anticipation touches me. The morrow cannot come fast enough.
The morning dawned, and they closed on their destination. Jon stayed up front near Wiggins perch at the stern. They could see open coastline to their right and the vast sea to their left. The water was choppy and bumped the ship up and down in a constant dance.
A few minutes later, Wiggins pointed a grubby finger towards the coast, where Sea Haven laid, shrouded in heavy fog. Jon felt frustrated and disappointed, having hoped that his first view of the infamous port would be rousing and inspiring. Nothing but feeble lights filtered through the fog.
Jon always found the navigational skills of men such as Wiggins impressive. The captain took over the wheel from his first mate and worked the large vessel closer. Jon understood very little about sailing, but wished he knew more. Another mark of inexperience that embarrassed him. Perhaps he would rectify that back at Janisberg when the chance arose.
The sun behind made a strange, slanted burst of light that warmed their backs, but it did not penetrate far into the fog. It didnt seem possible to Jon for so much sunlight to co-exist with the fog. It was almost as if Sea Haven were this pocket of dreariness, sucking in the wet air and blocking the natural light.
Horns blew. They sounded much too close to Jon as if other ships were right in front of them. Jon stood still and thought about what a plunge into the water would feel like. He wasnt much of a swimmer. Another regret. Someone once told him he spent too much time on his career.
Drop sails! Wiggins order echoed back to the others in line, and the crew got to work. The captain didnt look like much, but Jon was impressed with the command in his voice. When he spoke like that, he was a powerful figure. His stance changed, his face grew stern, and Jon felt a momentary swell of pride among the crew even though it was temporary.
The outline of other ships in front of them took shape. They bobbed and weaved in the distance, still shrouded in the fog. Strung together in a haphazard line, they waited for entry into the port.
Might be a while, lad, a sailor said behind him, slapping Jon on the back. Sometimes longer than you think.
Jon frowned.
They waited; and then the rain began. Tiny sprinkles at first turned into fat drops of moisture that pelted the open deck. It was almost on par with hail. All non-essential personnel went below deck, and a part of Jon desired to join them, but he didnt want to miss the docks.
So he stayed atop, waiting for the view. After an hour and no discernible progress made to their position, he started shivering. The sun was gone, and with the sopping wet clothes hanging on his body, the cold crept into his bones. Even had he been dry, his thin shirt and leggings would offer scant protection, and he had no cloak.
Jon held his hands under his armpits and studied the ships in front of them. He tried to count just how many there were, but it was impossible to differentiate between all the tottering sails and masts.
The young man recognized a few different flags. One in particular belonged to the city of Nesmus, with a group of gold stars surrounded by a green wreath. The city was south of Janisberg. Jon knew most of their goods by item. Majority of their established trade routes laid just to the east of Sea Haven. This port was the fastest way there, though at the moment it did not feel like it.
Here, Master Jon, someone said behind him. Jon started to turn as the man placed a heavy cloak on his shoulders. Wear this, lad. Somethin to keep you warm. It was Captain Wiggins.
Th-th-thank you, Jon said and his shivers lessened. He flicked his chin towards the line of ships. How m-much longer do you think, captain?
Wiggins squinted and rubbed his considerable whiskers. Oh, hard tellin. Should be sooner rather than later. This is a bit worse than normal. Might be theres some kind of accident happened further up the line, and theyre setting it straight. We could be moving along fast pretty soon.
They didnt move for another hour. Even then it was ship by ship, one at a time up the line like beggars at a soup kitchen. The boardwalk still wreathed in fog, far out of sight.
Jon heard the creaking of mooring lines as they swayed, the shouts of men, and more flares sent up into the air. The sounds of men were not those of urgency, rather they were instructional in nature. Move this here, bring that over, watch out for the bow, etcetera.
At last they moved forward, and he could see the first solid outlines of the docks and the long lines of the piers. All built at different heights which surprised him, but it made sense. Some were tall enough to accommodate the much larger vessels while others were shorter in height but almost as long. One pier had two separate levels, and the young Dock Master saw that a ship was being unloaded on each.
Jon shook his head. They had nothing of this level of complexity at Janisbergs docks, and he had only glimpsed a small portion thus far. He kept thinking how to incorporate some of the concepts into their own pier network and wasnt sure if that was possible. Perhaps speaking to the engineers would help.
Their ship stopped at the closest pier, and Wiggins relayed orders to begin the mooring process and to drop anchor. Men already stood on the piers edge, locals with grim faces and wind blasted skin. They grabbed the lines thrown to them and secured them to wooden posts.
Then the ships crew lowered the gangplank. They opened the cargo hold and started unloading their supplies. A few merchants on board looked over their inventory sheets and checked off each box or bag as they left the ship.
Jon looked to east into the city but could only glimpse the barest outline of large buildings. Warehouses no doubt, which would be used to store the cargo for a temporary time. It was a long way to go, and Jon looked aghast at the crewmen as they carried supplies down the pier.
All that way? Jon said to the man next to him as he headed for the cargo hold.
The man stopped and glanced over at the developing line and chuckled. Not to worry. We got a cart or two for the heavier items. This is closer than we get some trips, believe it or not. Plus, we got some help coming.
The help came in the form of dirty faced men dressed in veritable rags. They made their way up from the boardwalk in huddled groups. Jon watched them and frowned, for he had heard of the harsh treatment perpetuated upon these men.
Slaves, more or less, he said to himself.
Ya got that right, son.
Jon almost jumped out of his skin as he had not noticed Zandor standing behind him. Oh! I, uh. He swallowed and sighed. Good morning to you, Zandor. How fare you?
I fare well. You ready to get going?
I suppose I am. What do you suggest we do first?
Zandor waved him on. Come on, then.
They bade farewell to the captain and some of crew, but most were too busy. Jon held his breath as they traveled down the pier to the boardwalk. Raucous shouting came from all around them, even on the other piers where dozens of other vessels anchored.
Men shouted instructions, banged things together, yelled, dropped wooden crates, slammed into each other, and all the while the ships creaked and swooned like drunken fools. It sounded like a battlefield. Jon was beginning to understand the controlled chaos Wiggins had mentioned.
The duo sidestepped others unloading on their quarter mile jaunt to the boardwalk. Once there, the sound only increased like a tangible force that made Jons jaw drop and his ears ache. There were so many people, so many images to interpret that his mind shut down for a moment.
Clack, clack, clack! Something sounded to his right, and he started with a lump in his throat. It was almost like the cranking of a ballistae, but he saw no such weapon. There were people everywhere. Talking, laughing, smoking, shouting, but most of them working. A group of men puffed on cigarettes near the giant opening of one of the warehouses. They looked so tiny compared to the vast building, like insects before a tree stump. Jon had never seen a structure so large. Three stories tall, common in Janisberg, but its length and width would allow every building at his dock to fit inside.
Beyond the men, inside the warehouse, stacks of wooden crates stretched almost to the ceiling, lost in darkness. Piles of bags laid on one another like battlefield corpses. They littered the floor in pockets all over the place. A kingdom didnt need this much wares.
So, where you feel like goin? Zandor said. The swarthy man had a slight smile on his face. Whether it was amusement at Jons dumbfounded expression or something else, Jon couldnt fathom.
He stuttered and waved his arm around at the sight before him as if he didnt think it was real. It seemed like an illusion, a conjurers trick. I-I uh, dont know. Where should we go?
Youre the boss, partner. Lead on.
Jon remembered who he was then, a professional, a full-fledged Dock Master, second only to the overall Dock Master of Janisbergs port authority, and he was here with a job to do.
Yes, um, perhaps we should find one of my counterparts here at the docks, one of their Dock Masters or at least a supervisor.
Sounds good.
The young man figured the warehouse might be a place to find someone in charge, so they went that way. Threading their way through the myriad of workers carrying goods and sometimes stacking them outside the mighty warehouses where space permitted, they went inside where most of the workers ignored them and found an office in the back corner.
Jon was marveled at the vast space and the total amount of goods. Zandor grabbed his arm and pulled him off to the side, lowering his voice. Whats your move here?
Jon furrowed his brow, unsure of what he meant. I dont-I was thinking of asking some questions.
What questions?
About the shipments, the missing shipments and whatnot. What else?
Zandor clamped a hand over his mouth so fast Jon felt stunned. The dark garbed man pushed him back up against a wall. Lower you voice.
The words were so calm and measured, Zandor seemed like a different person. Then he looked around and saw that no one watched or listened. Once satisfied he let go.
What do you suggest, Zandor?
Zandor looked to the office where a man came out and spoke with someone. In a very scant amount of time, they started shouting at one another over some internal squabble.
Zandor smirked. We watch for a bit. I gotta feeling not all is well. We find a tavern, sit for a bit, see what we can see. Tongues wag better when they are wet.
Zandor pulled him towards the entrance and they left.
I wonder if drunkards at a tavern will have the information we need.
Maybe not, Zandor said. But if you go in there all direct like and confront these bosses about such a sensitive subject, he might clam up real tight. Thats what ol Harper was concerned over, remember?
Jon frowned but walked on. I agree. But why did you let me go in there in the first place?
Zandor smiled.
Jon didnt like being toyed with, but he understood that Zandor didnt know him well, and perhaps this had been a test. Fine then, he could play it that way too.
They found a tavern, one close to the docks called the Dry Barrel, and Jon turned to Zandor before they entered. While I appreciate your assistance, Zandor, I must remind you this mission is under my purview, and I am in charge. Is that understood?
Zandor surprised him by not smirking. Instead he inclined his head in a manner of respect. Understood.
Good, Jon said, feeling pleased.
The Dry Barrel was well named. The menu was sparse to say the least and the wine stale. Jon was disappointed. Zandor had picked a table in the back, facing the door, so they could see anyone that walked in. Jon was glad to have the mans practical experience on hand.
Jon had never seen the likes of the taverns patrons. It wasnt that Jon never frequented the taverns back home because he did, but these men and women were of a different sort. They had pale skin with a red, wind blasted surface that cracked when they spoke or made certain facial gestures. Their features were drawn and weathered, and for the most part were thin.
They were loud, very loud, yelling and cussing like drunken sailors, which many of them were. They told bawdy stories about their conquests of women and went into explicit details that made Jon blush. People didnt talk like that in Janisberg, not to him.
These Sea Haven residents lacked inhibitions, not a care in the world. They laughed and shouted and drank like there was no tomorrow. In some ways it was admirable, considering their station in life.
Jon drank a little himself though it felt strange. The beer was flat and stale. Zandor had a couple shots of hard liquor. His eyes scanned the crowd in a very casual manner. Jon felt overwhelmed by the sensory input. The young Dock Master was a long way from home.
Zandor nudged him. Hey you. Stop gawking for a moment and start listening to whats being said around you. Really listen. Not the stupid shit either. These folk got all kinds of things to say. Thats the only way we gonna find out anything.
Jon closed his mouth abashed for a moment but nodded. Of course. You are right. I should be more observant because this is important. I have a strange feeling of unease being here, I cant say why.
Several nuggets of conversation reached his ears throughout the night. Besides the bawdy tales, the men talked of their aches and pains, the blisters on their hands and feet, the stiff backs, the lousy pay, on and on they complained.
The last part got Jons attention because most of the men around him worked at the docks. The men from Janisberg complained about the same issues, and Jon knew from experience that while there were no shackles involved, it was indeed a form of slavery. Paying low wages for manual labor was nothing new; in fact it had gone on since the dawn of civilization.
The only difference was that nowadays the people worked by choice knowing the pay. Slaves got no pay and had no choice. It was this situation that made Jon want to become a Dock Master. He had implemented several initiatives to increase the pay of Janisbergs dock workers.
The men drinking at the Dry Barrel talked about work more than anything else. They complained about the blistering wind, punishing rain, all the cargo they had to carry, how heavy it was, how long the hours were this was their life. Those that had children never saw them. Those that had wives complained they were too tired to fuck them, yet here they were drinking away the hours.
It made no sense to Jon, but then he heard something about the betting tents. Some of them had gone there when they had a few coins to spare, and they won enough money to last for a while. Now they were upset the place closed down. There was talk of some fighting arena as well. But most of the men were afraid of going there. By all accounts it was illegal to do so, but something about it confused Jon.
Shaking his head, he turned to Zandor. I think these men need a union. That could solve some of their problems with their bosses, maybe. I dont know, these men.
Yeah, these fellas couldnt organize themselves to take a shit together.
Jon chuckled. Yes. They do seem quite beaten down. I wonder, though, this guild they mention. Its almost as if theyre afraid to mention it aloud. Seems counterproductive for any organization to treat their workers in such a manner.
Zandor took another shot. Its complicated. We aint ready to head down that path yet. We need to learn some more first. Be patient.
Later on in the night, they decided to visit several other taverns near the dock area. There seemed to be quite a few, and Jon felt inebriated enough to allow Zandor to lead the way. They found another seedy looking tavern by the shipping yards, and Zandor looked around and stopped.
Lets stay here for a bit, Zandor said. They leaned back against the bar and ordered some drinks. Jons head buzzed.
Three men sat by themselves in the corner. The place was busy with the same shouting and laughing as the previous places, but these men were very still and quiet. There were dressed much like Zandor, in tight fitting clothes, grays and browns with lots of pouches on their belts.
Jon noticed another group of armed men, several of them, dark looking fellows with swords at their belts and shields strapped to their backs. They were loud and pushy, shouting at the servers to hurry and get them drinks.
Mercenaries, Zandor said. Ive seen quite a few of them this evening. Something is going on.
Yes, it seems like it. I am not sure how this fits in with our mission, what role they might have.
Dont worry about it. Keep watching.
Jon kept his attention on the trio sitting alone, so quiet and still. They were smallish men, with cold stares and nimble bodies. They looked fit, strong, and dangerous despite their smaller size. When the mercenaries yelled, the three men looked bothered by it. They spoke with one another in very quiet tones.
One in particular, a sharp faced man with a grim look, glared at the men with hate. The others spoke to him, but he didnt respond; only kept looking at the mercenaries. Something about him and the other two stirred Jon. When Zandor nudged him and spoke, it confirmed his suspicions.
I think these boys might know something, son. Think we should talk to em.
And you recognize them. Who are they?
Part of the thieves guild, a local group of misfits but good at what they do. Seen some before, know a little about them. Good place to start as any.
I agree. But we talk to them how? What do we do?
Nah, we wait. Best thing right now. Lets see what they do.
They waited. Jon grew more drained by the long night, but he stopped drinking and soon the alcohol filtered out of his body. The prospect of learning more, learning anything, from these men excited him enough to give him energy.
Several minutes later another man dressed in similar fashion came in. He walked nimble and quick with a tremendous amount of confidence, like a born leader, and he sat at the thieves table.
The four of them had a conversation all the while glancing over their shoulders as if they feared eavesdroppers. The other patrons left them alone, but there seemed to be a general animosity between them, and this worried Jon.
The thieves guild was respected, if not outright feared. Sea Haven considered them a functional part of the city from what he understood.
The thieves conversation grew more heated and loud. Jon couldnt hear any of it over the hubbub of the regular crowd, but he saw them signing in the older language of the assassins. An archaic sign language used by men of stealth for many centuries, Jon had studied it a bit and was very impressed they knew it so well.
Jon understood a little of the strange combination of speaking and sign, and he glanced at Zandor. Though most of the mans face was hidden under his hood, he looked intense.
Can you understand any of it, Master Zandor? I can understand the gist of it, but not all.
Its just Zandor. Yeah, I understand it. Some hanging that happened a few days ago. They aint happy about it, and they wish, well, one of them says they shoulda done somethin about it. The one that came in late is mad. Really ticked off.
Yes, Jon said. I heard a little chatter about that from some of the others, nasty business. They seem afraid.
They should be.
Jon frowned but couldnt argue. It wasnt long before the four men got up and left the tavern. They moved with a purpose.
Zandor patted Jon on the back. Time to go, kid. This is it.
And what are we doing? Jon said as they stood.
Zandor was already heading for the door and answered over his shoulder. Lets go.
They went outside into the cold night air. The rain had turned into a chill drizzle. An electric pulse held steady in the air as if lightening were coming from a storm in the sea. The streets were empty.
Jon saw nothing to indicate where the men had gone, but Zandor moved towards the other side of the street without hesitation. Move it, bub.
Jon moved and his heart clutched hard in his throat. He breathed heavy and fear found a firm hold as they moved down an unfamiliar street. The cobblestones were hard and unforgiving under his boots; they were soaked from the rain within seconds. The streetlamps passed by with surprising quickness.
They jogged, and Jon found himself hard pressed to keep up. He tried to focus on something other than the potential danger and looked around the scenery.
A few blocks later the neighborhood changed. The streetlights were wonderful pieces of artistic engineering. An intricate pattern of black iron covered glowing balls of fire. There was a man that built similar devices in Janisberg. It had come down the coast a few years ago, and he found them fascinating.
Jon Baumgardener had to admit that Sea Haven, from what he had seen thus far, had a certain air of gritty, tragic beauty to it; it was almost poetic.
He struggled to keep up with the jogging Zandor. The man moved like an overactive boy kicking a ball, weaving through the back alleys rather than the main thoroughfares. Soon Jon had no idea where they were. It grew difficult to run. Jon wasnt conditioned for this kind of exercise. Combined with the lateness of the hour and the recent imbibing of alcohol, Jon strained with every step. It was also obvious that Zandor was accustomed to having people not see him as he moved.
Jon lost sight of him many times, only to see the barest glimpse as he turned a corner. All of a sudden Zandor was right in front of him, crouched down at the edge of an alley. Jon pulled up out of breath.
Wh-what is it?
Zandor hissed at him and waved him down. Quiet!
The shifty man grabbed Jon and pulled him down next to him in the alley. The younger man almost slipped on the wet stone beneath his feet. They huddled together in the darkness; Jons raspy breathing the only sound.
Stop breathing through your mouth, Zandor said.
Jon clamped his mouth shut. He could sense Zandors intense concentration, his honed physique, every muscle ready to spring. His compact frame wound tighter than Jon had seen from the casual man. It frightened him.
Zandor turned back. His pale grey eyes gleamed under the fold of his hood. You got any weapons on ya?
Jon stared. Pardon me?
Zandor reached under his cloak and pulled out a short dagger. It glinted. Know how to use it?
Jon griped the cold metal handle. A good balance, light and well made. Yes. I can do it.
Zandor smiled. Good boy. Follow me best you can but dont worry much if you lose sight for a bit. I wont lose you. Be back around at some point. Trust that.
Jon nodded, and they headed deeper into the city. By what he could judge by the position of the moon, visible at times through the spread of the clouds, they traveled northeast. They passed by a residential section. Houses packed together tight like the crates in the warehouses.
Zandor jogged ahead while Jon lagged behind. Weariness dragged him down, causing him to stumble and jam his toe on the uneven cobble stone. Wincing, it happened it a few more times, and it was certain he would slip and crack a knee if he didnt stop and rest for a moment.
He leaned against a smooth wall to catch his breath. It fenced off a beautiful section leading to a mansion. They were in a more affluent section of town. No doubt there were guards watching him from some tower, perhaps the one perched high above his right shoulder.
It felt good to rest, but then he realized he was alone. Zandor was nowhere in sight. Wonderful.
Taking a few extra moments to catch his breath, Jon walked in the best direction possible, a random one.
The architecture was impressive, and the gas powered lamps were more common than ever. The neighborhood changed little by little as he traveled several more blocks northeast.
There was an alleyway with a pile of broken boxes hanging out from the side. Jon walked into it. There wasnt much there, only random boxes and detritus spread about in a haphazard fashion like the flotsam and jetsam of a ship wreck.
It was slow going. Jon took his time lest he trip and injure himself. There was so much trash and wrecks of junks scattered, he thought it must be deliberate. The moon chose at that moment to slink behind some thick, dark clouds, and the alley was plunged into darkness.
Wonderful.
This neighborhood was far from the affluent, and there were no signs of any street lamps. With no clue or plan, Jon pushed forward, picking his way with care over any object in his path.
One step cost him some balance, and when he tried to compensate, he tripped onto his side. His left arm arrested his plunge down on hard stone. Jon banged his elbow and sucked his teeth, wincing in pain. He rolled to a sitting position and hugged his arm to his chest. Served him right for being a fool.
What am I doing here? he said and sighed. Zandor said something about watching out for him.
When he got to his feet, the young man froze as someone placed a dagger to his throat. The person whispered in his ear.
Gotcha.

Chapter Ten
Marissa no longer needed sleep.
With the swirl of thoughts and horrid emotion running through her mind, she was certain it was impossible. There was too much going on for her to rest.
Her father was dead.
The other children cried until they were spent. Even infant Robert, who lacked the cognizant understanding of what it meant. They bawled, sobbed, and whimpered long into the night four days ago. News had reached them; their father was hanged and buried.
Men came to their house and demanded payment for the burial. All the money they had left and a little more, and then they said Sam Carver was gone forever. Their mother had shrieked and begged to no avail. She lay still in her chair before the fire. She hadnt said a thing since. Every so often she would stumble and mutter under her breath, but Marissa couldnt understand what she said.
The distraught woman would stand outside, staring into the distance. Shed then come back in and stare out the window. This lasted for two days, and then there entered a period where she ranted and raved. She screamed obscenities to no one in particular, all the while pulling at her hair and gnashing her teeth. She beat herself in the face until she bled, even knocked out two teeth from smashing her face against the wall.
Then she sat still, not even rocking in the chair. Her head lolled to the side most of the time. Drool hung down her cheek. Dried blood covered her chin. No matter what the children said, she would not respond. All the wailing in the world could not bring her back to them.
And then, one day later, their mother was gone.
Marissa stared at the ceiling all that night in her room. She heard Gertrude and Willard whispering to one another then some rustling in the front room. Seconds later she heard the door slam, and she sat upright like a shot. Willard cried, and when she went into the front room, she saw the door swinging on its hinges, and their mother had disappeared.
Gertrude added her voice to the cacophony of despair, and Marissa only stared at the door. They were orphans now. No one would care for them. They were alone.
Whens momma coming home? Gertrude said, standing by the table.
Wheres momma? Willard said.
Marissa sighed and kept scrubbing at the shirt in her hands. It was laundry day, and she was determined to do every job their mother had done for them. Ever since Hodge had touched her, she felt calm and clear-headed.
I told you, dear ones, she isnt ever coming home. I am mother now.
But wheres mother?
Willard cried, but Marissa ignored him. She needed to finish laundry, and it was no easy task with the limited amount of water they had. Then she had to get supper ready. There wasnt much food left, but she wanted to make do with what they had.
There was too much salt in the stew. Marissa would have been frustrated a week ago, but now it was only a problem to solve. She found a decent looking potato and plumped it in the pot. That would suck out the extra salt and make the stew edible. Maybe a little more pepper would do wonders, or some cumin.
My tummy hurts, Gertrude said. She came behind Marissa and tugged on her skirt.
One moment, my love. Almost ready. Help me set the table.
Minutes later the food was ready. Marissa made little Gertrude drag the weeping Willard off the bed to the table.
They all looked despondent until Marissa poured the stew, and then their faces lit up. The prospect of food was a temporary respite from their dilemma. But while she watched them eat, her own plate remained empty.
Willards face was ecstatic as he ate, but she could see the shadow of starvation there. The same with Gertrude, who was even gaunter. The sudden doom of their plight struck Marissa, and she grew wary of how close they were to the edge.
Her siblings satiated themselves as well as they could on the thin stew and smacked their lips. They were still hungry, but there was nothing else. There would be nothing else tomorrow or the next day unless Marissa did something to change it.
You look funny, Willard said, studying her face.
Marissa ignored him, but a small shiver of apprehension rippled through her. The flesh of her face, so cold and pale, was sallow like a thin membrane drawn tight. Her eyes were drained of all color, like dried leaves and her hair was limp and lifeless.
Gertrude developed a habit of staring at her and hadnt the social wherewithal to turn away when Marissa eyed her back. It made Marissa uncomfortable. They spent the rest of the meal in silence.
She put them to bed. They stared at her as she pulled the sheet up to their necks. The wind bumped the door against its jam. The baby lay in his crib. He hadnt made a sound for some time. She hadnt much time left. In between bawling, it slept, and she was glad for this time of silence. It kept the others quiet.
Marissa lay awake in her parents bed. The teenage girl felt the night come on. Outside a tiny whisper of wind filtered into her room through a crack in the wall, or perhaps the crack in the window.
Marissa put her hands on the glass, so cold and dirty, with smudges lining the inside while mud clung to the other. Some compulsion made her push. A droning buzz filled her head, and she felt a momentary lull in her focus. A flash of Hodge stood before her, arms around her.
The teen put her hands through the glass, but it did not break. Instead they came through whole on the other side. It felt like putting her hands into heavy sand. The cold wind outside blasted her forearms. The glass hugged tight against her wrists but caused no pain.
She pushed her arms forward until her arm hung out the other side. She held her breath as she pushed her face into the glass and then emerged a second later on the other side of the window. Fear gripped her body, but she pushed the rest of it through the glass. Her form drifted out of their home and into the alley, pushed forward by the temporary vacuum.
Turning her head back and forth, Marissa glanced down the alley. Her hair flowed around her head like a gossamer web, ethereal and light. She was a hovering spirit. The young girl floated as if she were suspended in water.
Her young mind could not understand what it all meant, but she understood survival. Nothing else mattered.
The cemetery was cold and still as it was before. The fresh specter floated and hopped her feet light on the ground. They touched down like a leaf blown by the wind, carried along by the instinctual call that beckoned her forward.
A worn path ran underneath her, overgrown with neglect and forgotten promises. Men had stood there, sworn to visit their departed loved ones time and again. Yet they had fallen away to other things. Weeds and rocks. Dirt and dust.
Hodge awaited her. His legless, ethereal body hung in the air, and his arms spread wide, greeting her.
I feel you now, child. Your presence is strong.
I want more.
The specter looked sad. You have enough. I have all I need from you.
No! More! I must have it.
Child, you cross too close as it is. You risk much.
Marissa grew angry. She balled her fists and stormed up to him. He stood his ground, but the power of her emotions gave her strength. Give it to me. I gave you part of me. You must give me what I ask of you.
You risk much.
Marissa glared at him. Hodge floated back and forth like a kite in the wind, a palpable force yet so incorporeal.
Do it.
The hovering phantasm hovered for a moment longer then seemed to make a decision.
I will miss our talks so.
It swooped forward to embrace her and gave Marissa all that she asked for and more.

* * * * *

Journal Entry 1143

I have not put pen to paper in some time. The days stretch long with work and fussy business. The docks take my time as a drunk man takes his life with each sip. I cannot turn away. It is my responsibility and my life and thus my decision. Shall I have a cavalier attitude when it comes to letting those I care about perish? Such is my apathy.

My job as Guild accountant has long been one of distinction, and my pride rests upon its continued compliance with the fools who espouse such meaningless stations in life. A name on a ledger, a badge number, a figure of authority, a loud mouthed braggart too full of pomposity all circumstance and veils nonsense. Even my Guild medallion, a symbol of awe and respect, gives me no comfort.

What is a small piece of metal when compared with human life? Had I acted, my position would be forfeit. My only rationale is that my actions would be of little or no consequence and thus futile in the extreme. I could not have changed Sams fate. I could not have taken the noose from his neck.

Shipment delays at the Western Docks, misappropriations of man power at the shipping yards, and an incident at the Southern Docks has taken time from my investigations into my cousins immediate family. But five days after his death, I found myself in his home.

Three starving, crying children stared at me. They were so afraid, I had little success in curing their favor. It took many minutes to ascertain they were alone and without adult supervision. Their mother was gone, the little girl told me. I believe her name is Gertrude. The boy was thin as a rail and looking down-spirited. The baby, it is the only miracle I can now profess. He was alive and somehow calm during the entire process. His undeveloped mind has not yet the capacity for understanding, and that is a mercy. Of the older child, Marissa, as their mother, there is no sign.

The surviving three reside now in the city orphanage. There is no other place for them. I can do nothing more. My shame is immense, but I am consoled by the fact that even in this city, any life is preferable over death. That much I believe in.

Tensions remain high at the docks between the merchants and thieves. We have attempted to indoctrinate into our fold. It is a dangerous game Castellan plays, but I understand his desire to reign them in. The man wants control of everything. And though they capitulate and do their work, I see in their eyes seeds of rebellion.

There are others of their ilk that will not sit by. Giorgio is among them. They plan something. I doubt very much will have any effect on the operations of The Guild, for we are too strong. The thieves are good at what they do, but taking initiative has never been one of their strong points. They take orders, they have a code to their operations. Their normal operations and their training is good. I should know, for it was in my mind to train as one of them.

But it matters not at all. The noose or the knife await all those that oppose the inevitable tide of money, power and politics. Its all the same evil covered under the guise of prosperity and law. I am but a cog in the gears. I cannot change it.

* * * * *

Giorgio studied the young man as he forced him to turn around. He kept the dagger to his throat. The boy was handsome in a sort of awkward way, average height but seemed taller because of his lanky limbs. His straw colored hair was a bit of a mess, and he looked frightened. But with a little training, he might be someone who could handle himself in a fight. There was a glimmer of defiance in his eyes. That day, however, was not this day.
Giorgio backed off a step and lowered his knife. Whats your name?
The man breathed easier, but he kept his eyes on the blade. Im Jon. Jonathon.
Jon, Giorgio said, measuring his words, you dont belong here.
Jon blew out a breath. I couldnt have said it better myself. And who are you, sir?
Well get to that. Why are you and your friend following us? Whats your play here?
Jon tried to hide his surprise, but he didnt succeed. My friend? To whom are you referring? I dont know, I
Stop it. Giorgio sniffed and turned his head. He stayed crouched down in a ready stance, dagger easy in his hand. With a pat of the air, he motioned for Jon to sit back against the other wall, and the frightened boy only complied. A dog barked somewhere down the alley. His dog and Giorgio couldnt hide a smile. Good dog, it still covered his back.
You both followed us from the tavern, he said to Jon. I saw you there. Your friends pretty good. Done this before, I can tell. You havent. So why? What are we to you?
Jon didnt answer but sighed and looked down the alleyway. Perhaps the young fool thought his friend was coming to save him.
Look, youre gonna tell me what I want to know. One way or the other. Id prefer the simple way. But youre making it harder every second. He fingered his dagger. So whats it gonna be?
The dog barked again, much closer. Giorgio looked that way for a second. It growled and barked once more. Then it came running down the alley towards him. Its ears pinned back against its head.
Giorgio glanced back to the man while the dog hugged his legs and barked in the direction it came from. Jon was still intimidated, sitting back against the wall, but his eyes were wide in wonder. Giorgio decided not to take any chances.
On your feet.
Not waiting for him to move, the thief leapt forward and yanked him up. He spun them around and turned towards the entrance of the alley, to whatever the dog was upset over. He put his knife to his throat. Jon gave a cry of protest.
Giorgio kept them both low, crouching, to where the Jon stood at an awkward angle, unable to move well or fast if he needed to. His knees bent back, and his back arched. The dog stayed in front of them, alternating between growls and sharp barks.
Easy, boy.
Giorgio kept his head behind Jons and waited for anything to happen. He positioned his feet under him with a slight bend to his knees.
A voice called out from the darkness. Take er easy with that blade there, pal. Thats a friend of mine you got.
The voice sounded as though it came from straight ahead.
And where are my friends? Giorgio said.
The voice grunted and sounded farther away, to the right. Heh. Theyre safe so dont worry bout that right this second.
Giorgio gritted his teeth. The man in his grasp cramped. It was obvious he was tired. The muscles strained to keep him standing. Giorgio wanted to knife him right there as revenge for whatever the other man had done, but he held off.
The time wasnt right for that. This other man wanted something from him. If Giorgio killed, then the other would be free to attack. He was good enough to take out three other thieves and that was worth remembering.
What do you want?
Cmon, now, the voice said, now on the left side, low to the ground. You know why. Information.
Fine then. Ask me. Maybe Ill tell you.
There was a pause, and then Giorgio heard a soft chuckle. This time it came from behind his right shoulder. He turned and brought the wincing Jon with him. The dog growled. Damn this guy moves fast. He must have some magic at his disposal. Giorgio knew at that moment that he was very outclassed.
Yeah, the voice said. To the point, no bullshit. I like that, buddy. Maybe we can work this out, and nobody gets hurt. See, this aint nothing personal.
Then what do you want from us?
The voice said nothing. Maybe he was moving again, somewhere more advantageous. Giorgio scanned the rooftops above the alleyway but saw little. The clouds obscured the moon.
Heres the thing, the voice said and it came from the same direction as a moment ago. Information is what we want, remember? A man stepped out from the shadows. The moon crested some cloud at just that moment to give Giorgio a better view of the He had a compact frame that moved with an inky smoothness. Red and black clothes hung on his thin body, and Giorgio noticed the telltale signs of hidden weapons and pouches under the folds of his cloak and vest.
Giorgio thought he knew who it was, he was sure of it, gripping tighter on Jons head to bring him down lower, so he could spit at the other mans feet. You tell your boss to go to hell. Im not telling you anything. If I die in this alley, so be it, but I wont give him the satisfaction.
The man cocked his head. Hmmm, see, I think you might be a bit confused here, fella. You dont know my boss.
Giorgio frowned. I know the bastard all right. Dont think we dont know his affiliation with your guild. Tell Jerrod to shove off.
The man stopped for a moment, an expression of amusement in his eyes. Then he laughed. Heh. Well now, things are becoming clearer to me. You think that gits my boss, eh? Funny thing, that. Not so, I assure you.
Giorgios confusion almost led him to lose his focus, but he concentrated and kept control of his captive. The dog growled and snapped him back to the task at hand. Tell me what you want. Be specific.
The man looked at him, folding his arms over his chest. His next words were calm and measured, Spose you let that fella go first, and we talk like civilized people, yeah? That okay?
No, not okay. Where are my comrades?
Your comrades, is it? Look here. I tell you what I know, and you decide if thats enough to trust me. Fair enough?
Giorgio took a deep breath. Fine.
The man grew serious. You and your fellow thieves, member of the Thieves Guild of this city, have been relegated to positions dubious of your stature. True?
These two werent from Sea Haven, and it made Girogio all the more wary.
I also know the merchants have stolen some goods, probably to fund their plans, whatever they may be.
Giorgio tightened his grip on Jon.
Hes telling you the truth! Jon said. Thats why were here. We come from Janisberg, we are investigating
Watch it, kid.
Jon swallowed his next words while the other man scowled. Giorgio made a decision, letting go of Jon and pushing him across the alley towards the other man.
Fine. Lets talk.
The other smiled. Youre as smart as I hoped you would be. Not here, though. Ya got a place we can talk?
Yes. After we go get my friends.

* * * * *

The crowd was louder and more intense than ever. They cheered and shouted for their favorite fighters, or at least those they had bet on. The noise never stopped.
A bored Jerrod shook his aching head. These pigsll watch anything. A hanging, fighting down in a pit, these shits would get excited watching a dog piss into the wind.
The bleachers were packed tight, heavier with human scum than he could remember, the teeming masses, the mob. Whatever they were called, people acted the same.
A man fought in the squared platform, spattered with dried blood stains. A nominal champion of the arena named Charlie Knocks, late thirties, heavy and thick with corded vascular muscles. He was a crowd favorite. He was almost as big as Jerrod and moved just as well. Jerrod had plenty of coin bet on the mans fights, and most times it proved fruitful to his personal stash.
Charlie had longevity, perhaps because he refused to fight in the weapon rounds. But also the man was that good. And despite not participating in any of those brutal matches, he was a favorite of the crowd. They loved him.
The fighter knew how to work them into frenzy. Charlie Knocks wore little armor, and his bare chest glistened with sweat and matted hair. He wore a helmet and gauntlets, and when he raised his arms and shouted, the crowd yelled back. Knocking his opponent backwards, he ran around the circle, charging the crowd with energy with raised hands.
His opponent shook his head and collected himself. His mouth was bloody. Jerrod didnt recognize him. Rolling his shoulders, he stood. In addition to his mouth, he bled from half a dozen other places on his face.
Charlie didnt use weapons, but he knew how to hurt a man with his bare hands. Jerrod admired that. Weapons werent always reliable. Sometimes a man had to fight tooth and nail to get a job done.
The crowd yelled for him to finish the job, and Charlie turned back to his opponent. The man was wary, injured, and upset about the glory of Charlie. He eyed his opponent with hatred. Jerrod recognized that look. The man didnt care about winning now, but rather he wanted to knock Charlie down a bit.
The enraged arena fighter charged Charlie fast, but the bigger man chuckled and side-stepped the clumsy ploy with a foot out. The other man was agile enough to hop over it, but then Charlie went after him, hands outstretched. The man ducked and slammed home an upper cut to Charlies mid-section, but he might as well have been hitting a tree all the good it did him.
Charlie Knocks kept moving forward and grabbed for the man. He took hold of his neck and choked him hard. The other man fought back, punching him again in the stomach, but it didnt change the fact. He was being bent over backwards by Charlies prodigious strength.
The crowd yelled.
Finish im, Charlie!
Tear his head off!
Knocks! Knocks! Knocks!
Charlie focused on winning the match. His face was red; veins bulged on his neck, and he stepped forward and cranked the other mans down to the ground. The crowd favorite straddled him and chocked and twisted until the mans arms went limp.
Charlie jumped off, kicked the man once to make sure he was out, and the crowd cheered. Then he ran around the edge. His arms up in victory. The mob bumped and shook the bleachers hard. They jumped up and down, rocking the place as an earthquake.
A man bumped into Jerrod. An elbow hit his chest. Jerrod shoved the man in the back. The fool turned to glare at Jerrod, but when he saw who it was, the man quailed and apologized. Jerrod told him to fuck off. The chanting and foot stomping rose higher. Jerrods ears rang, but he consoled himself with winning more money.
Charlie dragged his unconscious opponent around the edge of the arena. The crowd encouraged him onwards. The brute picked the man up and threw him over his shoulders, spinning around. The crowd counted the repetitions.
One! Two! Three! Four!
Jerrod sighed. Damn showboatin bastard he thought and muttered under his breath.
Eight! Nine! Ten!
On ten, Charlie tossed the man, and the limp body tumbled seven or eight feet. Charlie raised his arms and screamed along with the crowd. They would drag it out as long as they could, the animals. Unbelievable. Charlie continued, running around the edge and smacking hands with anyone close enough to touch. The idiots loved it. At last it finished, and they cleared the space for the next match.
About damn time, Jerrod said.
The ogre Thruck was coming soon, though no one knew when. The arena organizers found if they put up a list too soon, the betting became so one sided they couldnt lay the winnings off. So they waited and built in special conditions for people betting against the ogre.
The weapon matches would come soon. Charlie was the finale to the weaponless matches most nights, and those were always much shorter. Jerrod enjoyed them the best. It was as close to real combat as possible. Deaths happened, but most combatants understood the failsafe system to allow them to capitulate the match.
But accidents happened.
As they cleared the arena floor for the next match, which consisted of carrying off the losers body and sprinkling the bloody floor with saw dust, a shifty man in a dark cloak approached Jerrod.
The hulking man knew what it meant, and as the man started opening his mouth, Jerrod put a hand up. Out first. Move it.
They wound their way through the labyrinth of the underground arena and popped up on the open street. Jerrod crossed his arms and waited. Alright, pal. Out with it.
The smaller man gave a slight bow before speaking. They need you at the docks, sir. Theres a matter that requires your attention.
Real specific. Jerrod waved the man away. Fine. Lets get going. I dont have all night.
The docks were deserted save a few men milling about the warehouses and near the closest piers. A few ships moored down the end of the line. Derelicts waited for reassignment. Jerrod didnt see what the problem was. He told the man to stay sharp.
One of the dock masters, Melvin Crocker, waddled over to Jerrod, carrying a lantern and walking with a cane.
Over here, Crocker said. This way.
A few of the dock security officers, men with short swords and padded armor, came with them up the ramp of Pier Eight. Flotsam and jetsam floated around the ship on all sides. A few of the crates were intact, but most of it was refuse. Splintered wood, and whatever types of goods that floated surrounded the ship.
Jerrod scoffed. Surprised they didnt steal this bit and have at it. Its what he wouldve done.
Crocker walked up the plank and turned for the others. This way, gentlemen. Weve found three dead. Stabbed in the back, two of them with another with his throat slit. Surprise attack looks like.
The dock master didnt sound happy, but there was a sense of detachment in his voice. Jerrod, who had a permanent scowl on his face, frowned harder and followed the guards up the ramp. He pushed his way between them and looked around the open deck, at the sprawling bodies and spilled blood.
And the hold? Jerrod said and already knew the answer.
Gone, said Crocker. All gone. Never made it to the warehouses, never made it off the ship. We had it stored here for shipment. Off to another port up the coast, special shipment. No one should have known about it. Somehow, they did.
Oh, you think so? Jerrod shook his head and wondered why the hell he was there. This wasnt his job. Fucking amateurs.
Crocker looked nonplused, old, and tired. It was how Jerrod felt.
Anger was always the first emotion Jerrod felt after boredom ran its course. He felt very angry now staring at the four guardsmen. I suppose none of you shits saw a damn thing all night, is that right?
They all looked chagrinned, but one of them cleared his throat and straightened up. I wasnt yet on shift at the time, sir. But I can ask the other shift leaders what they know. Well find out what happened, you have my promise on that.
Jerrod waved him off. Yeah, yeah. Shove off and clean this mess up. I dont want anyone to see this come morning. Got it?
They nodded assent. The dock master left, and they followed Crocker down the plank towards the pier. Jerrod cursed under his breath and turned to his man. The dark garbed fellow stepped closer.
Listen, Jerrod said, go get some of our boys and round up any slugs that might have seen anything. Question them. I want to know what they know.
Yes, sir.
After that we got some other rats to sniff out. Ya got me?
The man inclined his head. They will be found. They will be our highest priority.
Good. Take care of it and get me Marko. Get out of here.
Jerrod thought he might have time to make some more money at the arena. And maybe a drink if he hurried.

Chapter Eleven
Castellan never did paperwork. That was for underlings like Muldor.
A currier dropped a package off earlier, and it explained in brief the situation, but Castellan wanted to see it for himself. Another ships cargo destroyed and another set of guards killed. The dock security was baffled. There were no witnesses, no evidence, no possible way the theft even occurred judging by the scene. It was as if they were attacked by a ghost.
Castellan tapped the top of his desk and thought. His hand found the Arc Lectors necklace and fingered it. No doubt the rogue thieves were responsible. That was to be expected. Not all would capitulate and fall in line with the new order.
They couldnt be paid off. No, they were too proud. The thieves guild had a long standing tradition in Sea Haven. They were affronted by the assignments, and this was their pitiful way of getting back at him and The Merchants Guild.
They couldnt stop him now. Their Guild was too big, too powerful. They couldnt
As you can see, Master Castellan, Muldor said, the potential for heavy losses may increase. If the raids continue, many of the merchants may pull their merchandize and find alternate means of shipping, or at the least lessen their payouts to the Guild.
Castellan had sacrificed too much. It wasnt fair. They shouldnt be allowed to do this. How could any group of grown men act this way? This shouldnt be. The law needed to be involved. The Guild would not allow this to continue.
Master Castellan?
Castellan blinked, looking up to see Muldor standing in front of his desk. He had forgotten why Muldor was there. Castellan thought it was a different man. He didnt remember Muldor walking through the door.
Muldoryes. How are you today? Very troublesome these reports. What is your take on the matter?
Muldor stared at him, his face unreadable. I believe action needs to be taken to stop any further sabotage.
Very good. My thoughts as well. This situation must be handled. Any information as to the specific individuals involved?
Some.
Have you spoken to the police? What does Cubbins have to say?
Very little, said Muldor. He has his own problems with civil unrest to deal with. The police captain may be on your payroll, but his duties are not exclusive to your wishes.
Fine. Speak with Raul Parkins. Put the city watch on extra guard patrol at the docks. I want these raids stopped. Use the merchants personal guards if need be. The regular dock security has demonstrated its ineptitude.
I agree.
Then the police must get involved. I do not trust the city watch to take charge. They are fire quenchers. I want real accountability. Cubbins will answer to me.
Muldor said nothing.
What is it, Muldor? Tell me. Stop being coy.
Muldor took a few heartbeats to respond, and his dull eyes flashed some consternation. Im not sure how much difference that will make, speaking with Cubbins. You are not the only one who owns the police. His authority belongs elsewhere. As does his ownership.
Castellan considered. Ill speak with Lord Cassius. We have their obedience.
You have their temporary alliance. Do not confuse that with obedience.
Castellan sat back and rubbed his face. The rough beginnings of a beard began to develop. He needed to shave. It was shameful to let it go this far, things were beginning to slip.
Yes, Castellan said. You are right. We have been much too lenient with the city council. They believe we are satisfied with our station. They are wrong. Our little embargo was a beginning only. There is more we can bring to bear upon them, much more.
Muldor said nothing, but Castellan could see the apprehension building in his eyes. Castellan frowned. You worry over nothing, Muldor. We control the city. Our goods are wanted, needed by all. Merchants, money, it has ruled mankind for centuries. Believe that we have the power.
Castellan was more convinced than Muldor looked.

* * * * *

They argued all night. In the end, all the yelling, begging, and fighting mattered little as they decided to do it Giorgios way. The local thief made a compelling argument and spoke with passion. Jon was in no position to argue either way. He watched the proceedings with a sort of numb detachment.
What they proposed was risky. The rogue thieves planned another raid, and part of him felt a giddy at the prospect. Jon had argued against it in the last week. He failed twice before, and now he and Zandor were invited to participate. They had earned their trust thus far.
Jon argued security would be higher, the danger would be greater, and at some point they would get caught, and their little rebellion would be over. Let he and Zandor continue their investigation, and Jon would get the evidence they needed to bring the authorities against the guild and that would be that.
Giorgio didnt trust anyone associated with authority. His passion and fiery attitude won out, and the Elite thieves were with him. Strong, stout looking men, one in particular named Marston impressed Jon. Marston was tall, handsome, and spoke with command. He was in agreed with Giorgio on everything. It was difficult to go against their charisma.
Jon argued that he should talk to the local dock masters and straighten things out over the missing goods. Giorgio made a convincing argument against it.
Listen, Giorgio said, that wont work. Believe me. Theyll lie and send you on your way. Theyll confuse you with paperwork. Thats what they do. I know their lead accountant. This is the only way to get back at them.
But maybe not, Jon said.
No, worse than that. Theyll put one of Jerrods goons on you, and youll be dead before morning. Thats how they handle things now. So this is how we handle things.
Jon wasnt convinced, but there was little he could think to say.
This is their show, kid, Zandor said and pulled him aside. We gotta let them run things. Maybe we can learn a few things as it is.
Fine. But Im not convinced this is necessary.
Keep your mouth shut and your head down, and maybe you wont get killed. Feel better?
After that rebuff Jon didnt argue. He admitted to himself the plan was exciting. The young man had never done anything like it before, and the fact they trusted them enough to let them come along was enough for him to acquiesce.
They planned on hitting both the Western and Southern Docks at the same time while a third group of thieves would provide a distraction at the shipping yards. They promised it would be something spectacular.
So they crouched in the darkness, somewhere near the Southern Docks. Jon with one of the thief teams and Zandor. There were eight or ten of the rogues, including two women. The smell of salt water was in the air, and the occasional sea gull cawed overhead. Jon found solace in the fact they were the same birds found near his office back home. Perhaps he wasnt so far out of his normal environ.
Zandor patted his arm. They were ready to move. Jon saw a few blobs of shadow bob up and down and rush out of the alley. Jons throat tightened, but he rose and followed. This was it.
They wound through a few side streets, hopping over boxes and piles of refuse. Everything was so clogged in this section of town, it made Jons mind spin; how could they have so much garbage everywhere?
They reached the Southern Docks. What kind of resistance they would meet? Security of course, perhaps some of the police force as it was rumored more men were assigned to the docks.
Their group separated, and they broke cover at the edge of the boardwalk. The moonlight spilled over the large masts of the nearest vessel. It was an eerie night, one he was used to, but it felt odd being covert as if he was stealing something at his own docks. It felt wrong.
His group, now comprised of Zandor and four other thieves, halted behind the edge of the nearest warehouse. The lead thief hugging the side and peering out from the side. The woman held up a hand to signal them to wait.
Jon tried to control his breathing, but adrenaline pumped through his body without his consent as he contemplated his place there.
But then a plan formed in his mind while the other thieves whispered to one another. They formed their own plans that coincided with Giorgios directive. Jon could find the information needed. The Dock Masters had some offices here, so perhaps he could break in while the others did their business with the ships and investigate.
The guards were thick numerous. Jon saw no way to get through their perimeter check points all along the boardwalk. He took a deep breath to steady his mind. Leaning back against the wall, he closed his eyes.
Someone squeezed his arm. Be sharp, Zandor said in his ear, his voice a low hiss. This aint some game back at the yard, boy. My jobs to keep you safe, but you gotta play along.
Jon opened his eyes and nodded. Of course you are right. I should be more attentive. Thank you for pointing that out.
Zandor eyed him, and Jon saw the depth of maliciousness that was always there. It seldom came out in normal conversation. Zandor was good at hiding it and being congenial, but Jon knew from the moment he met him it wasnt the real Zandor. The real Zandor was a paid killer.
Jon swallowed, and Zandor let him go, turning his gaze back to the wharf. A guard neared their position behind the wall. They stayed low behind some stray boxes, but Jon quivered at seeing the dock security so close by.
Everyone went silent as the guard stopped and smoked a cigarette. They stayed still, and it was then Jon noticed a thief was missing. No, there were two missing. They had ten total before splitting into two groups.
Jon held his breath and kept still. The guard stayed where he was, but another man approached. They were working in pairs. They had learned. Jons body shook. Zandor sent him a glare that could melt stone. The thieves drew steel. Jon gulped down a lump in his throat and wondered whether or not he could kill another human being if need be.
The guards stood five paces away. The first one offered the other man a smoke, and they chatted.
Jon couldnt think. His instinct screamed at him to run for his life. The guards laughed and stepped closer, their backs to the pile of crates and boxes. Every man around Jon tensed, and he held his breath.
Then a noise sounded to the guards right side, across the other side of the boardwalk towards the other warehouse. The guards stances changed. They flicked their cigarettes and put their hands on their sword belts.
They looked at each other for a moment and started toward the sound. They called out in case it was one of their cohorts, but no sound came back. They stepped forward and soon had their backs to Jon and his group and Zandor along with the others sprang forwards.
Zandor snagged one guard and cut his throat with such blinding speed, Jon couldnt register what happened until the man laid on the ground. His head lolled to the side. Zandor dragged his body behind the crates while the other two killed the reminding guard and did the same.
They doubled up on the man, one going low while the other clamped a hand over his mouth and planted a dagger in his back.
A moment later, Jon was surrounded by two corpses and three killers. The bodies smelled of sweat and shit, the thieves of blood and death. They relaxed for a moment to regroup and communicate with the men across the alley. They used some form of sign language, small hand gestures Jon couldnt understand.
The female leader turned to Jon and Zandor. As soon as the next sentry group passes, we move to another location.
What about the diversion? Jon said, his head spinning. Bile rose in his throat.
The thief shrugged. Dunno. Giorgio said wed have to wait on it and be ready. But we cant stay here. The guards will have to report in, and when these fellas dont, we got problems.
How could they stand the stench of death and offal from the bodies? Steadying himself, he looked around again at the buildings near them. That was what he came for. The information he needed was in the Dock Masters offices.
There would be some sort of record book, a ledger of the false shipment records. Jon could bring that back to Magistrate Harper, and the full force of the law would be brought upon the real thieves.
Get ready to move, Jon, Zandor said, still sounding upset with him, fast.
When the diversion came, Jon would do his job but away from these killers.

* * * * *

Giorgio hefted the cask of oil into place and looked around the shipping yard. He searched for any signs of activity and saw nothing. The merchants were so concerned about protecting the docks, they had forgotten the other waterway and the valuable ships anchored there.
Another man, fresh from a scouting jaunt to both docks, came up to Giorgio and joined him in the shadows. They stayed low, out of sight by the main ramp to the repair construction breakers. It afforded them easy access to the ships and a view of the waterway.
Everyones in place, the man said. Marstons running the group at the northern docks, and Sallys on the southern. We have enough in place for a second wave of back-up should trouble brew up. They gotta lot of help.
Giorgio waved him off. No, were fine. Once we light this, theyll be so busy putting it out, they wont form any kind of fight at the docks. We take care of the guards here?
Yes. Only four of em in two groups. We got three of them tied up, the other.
Giorgio nodded. It wasnt pleasurable to kill anyone, but this was a war. If some of his men took things too far, it was the merchants fault, not his. Cutter was to blame. So was Castellan and Muldor. They had blood on their hands, not him.
Giorgio looked out and saw a mammoth galleon stationed at the end of the ramp. It stood moored by large planks and gigantic chains that stretched out to either side. The ship was first in line for repair. A gargantuan pile of wood lay near its stern side, stacked up and ready for nailing against its side where a large hole gaped open. A perfect place to begin.
Giorgio stuck a long rag into a crease in the side of the cask and motioned to the other man. Get ready.
Flint struck steel and caught fire on the rag. They pushed the cask to its side and rolled it toward the anchored galleon, aiming it at the gap in the side and ran forward and shoved it hard down the plank.
Giorgio grunted and smiled, watching the rolling barrel charge towards the gap, tumbling like a flaming cannon ball. It collided with its target, hopping over the edge and landing inside the ships hold. Smashing apart gave a satisfying crunch as it exploded in flames.
The men stood back. The light glared on Giorgios smiling face as the fire spread across the floor of the ship and reach the outer wall.
That was one.

* * * * *

Shouts filled the air from the west and north. Guards and other riffraff hanging around the Southern Docks stirred, and the thieves knew the signal was given.
The thieves and Zandor held their ground, waiting for the sentries to move off from their stations. Smoke wafted into the air, staring and pointing as a general alarm rang out. A bell sounded from far away, and then another resounded a little closer, answered by another close by. They had a good system set up. Very fast and responsive.
But a pulse of fear gripped Jon when he thought of it spreading to the Western Docks and beyond. There was a built-in break of water between all dock stations. The shipping yard was a tremendous amount of wood along the way. So much could be destroyed if their plan went beyond their control. It would be a terrible shame.
The dock guards shouted and ran around in confusion. The thieves near Jon smiled in amusement. It was their preferred station in life, to disrupt and hide, watching the chaos unfold.
A few men ran from the north to the boardwalk. They looked different, dressed in simple brown uniforms and carrying clubs. They yelled at the dock sentries to move their asses and come with them to the shipping yard. They needed any spare hand they could find.
Dozens of men left the Southern Docks, leaving very few left behind to safeguard the area. That was enough of an opening for the thieves to put their simple plan into action.
They spoke for a few moments, Zandor listening in, and then ran off to their particular spots. Jon hesitated, looking at the back of the thieves as they ran. Zandor headed off behind, watching as their cloaks faded into the darkness, then looked over his shoulder at Jon, a scowl on his face. The young dock master froze but then looked at the nearest warehouse. He gave Zandor a look of apology and then dashed towards the building.
The look Zandor gave him was enough to spur him faster. It would be better to die this night rather than face the mans wrath when next they should meet. Jon ran around the side and glanced for the closest doorway. There, a massive double door met his gaze, one that was bolted tight with an iron padlock.
Oh, no, Jon said. This was a terrible mistake.
There was no way for him to break in. It would take a battering ram and six stout men to and even then it would be difficult. No wonder the thieves targeted the ships, even the empty ones, rather than try to damage any stored goods in the warehouses. It would take an army to knock down these giant doors.
Running around to the back of the building was tiring. It took a long while to reach there, and he was out of breath. Things bubbled somewhere on the docks. The sounds of the thieves fighting with some of the guards sprang up, but there were too few men left to stop the thieves plan.
Jon glanced around and found a smaller side shack near the back wall of the warehouse. Dwarfed by its giant companion, it had one window and a normal sized door. The door there was locked with a padlock, but it was smaller.
He pulled out his knife that Zandor gave him and slammed it hard on the metal lock. It held. Grunting, he struck again, putting his weight into it. It dented but didnt break it. Again and the pommel hit more of the wooden door than the metal lock. Thunk! Nothing. Thunk! Thunk!
The young man pounded and pounded, fear gripping his heart. Not only might he get caught, but if he failed then spurning the others was for no reason, and Zandor would make him pay. The mission would fail, it was all for nothing.
Whack! He slipped and struck his knuckles against the door, splitting the skin. Wincing, he bled but kept pounding. The hinges where the lock met the door gave in, so he plunged the tip of the dagger in between there and pried hard. Jon grunted and even let out a sharp yell of frustration, but he didnt stop until the outer hinge section snapped off and swung the door open. Inside was pitch darkness. Jon pulled out a torch from under his vest and lit it.
There wasnt much in the room. A few scattered papers lay close to his feet, and a broken chair sat against the opposite wall near. The purpose of this was room was beyond him, but he hoped for another door.
Jon held his torch by his side and felt like crying. This was insane. It was all for nothing. Zandor would be so upset. Jon held this torch up high in his hands, practicing no light discipline like they told him to, like he promised. He was here to help them, not get them caught. Now it was all over. They would be exposed, their pitiful attempt at subterfuge, what a waste, what fools theyd all been. They would all be dragged to the gallows and hanged. This town liked to hang people. Thieves, law breakers and that was what they all were. What a sad end to his life.
Jon bent over, feeling faint when he spied a scrap of paper on the ground. The paper was small, only the corner of some lost page with a smidge of writing upon it. There was the last section of a top line with the start of another beginning.
The top line read:
-s left standing.
Then the next line:
Muldor wi-
The last letter was the start of an l, it had to be. Jon heard some shouting outside near his building and stuffed the paper in his pocket. He didnt know why, but it mightve been important.
The frightened man bolted from the room and back out to the dockside, but there was no one there. Jon stopped and breathed heavy. Fear leeched adrenaline from his body. There was no one around. Shouts from the north got his attention.
With no reason to wait around, Jon ran as fast as possible. His mind raced as hard as his legs.

* * * * *

Marissa felt best at night. Shed left her home days ago; no, her house, their house. Her siblings were nothing more than a hazy forgotten dream, and so she floated along the city streets, hungering for humanity.
During the day she would huddle down near the cemetery. Any cemetery would do. Down in the barrows of some neglected grave, then she sprang out into the night, filtering through the town.
No one could see her. Not even the more aware, the clairvoyant that were in tune with the outer ether of the world. They could not view her body if she chose to let them. Though she noticed every now and then a person would feel her. They turned gray or suck in a breath at her passing.
It was enjoyable to harass the citys refuse, the homeless ones that hugged the street corners, near the docks or by the marketplace far away in the north part of tow. They huddled on the cold ground, away from the wind, bundled up in rags.
Some were drunk and mumbled to themselves. Some shivered and wailed like frightened children. Others lay in a stupor, squatting in their own filth.
This was Marissas new world. She hung around near the dregs for a while, sniffing them, feeling their life force energy pulse from their still forms. It was weak, unworthy of attention.
Marissa wanted to find more people, some late night hub of human activity anywhere in the city, so she went searching. Two men shouted deep in an alleyway, far away from those pretty street lamps.
The spirit girl floated closer. Her image solidified as she neared. Her presence became stronger as she merged in with the real world. The men were too busy shouting at each other over some personal dispute, about money, about some women they knew, so they noticed nothing else.
They became aware of her presence when she came up behind one of them. One man stopped shouting and froze. The other man cursed at him and turned away, his argument finished. The second man did not notice what was happening, even as she raised her arms and reached for the other.
The man sucked a breath and held it, frozen to the spot as her ethereal limbs became solid enough to grab his shoulders. He quailed and shook but could not utter a word as terror struck. She turned on her ability and drained the essence of the living. The man went white.
The other man turned back. Another curse died on his lips as he spied Marissa. She held her victim tight in her grip. His face draining of all color, his legs buckled fast.
M-m-my god!
The other man released his bowels and screamed, but there was no one to hear him. Marissa smiled and took all there was to take from her first victim and then turned her full attention on the other man. He was well dressed with a goatee and dagger at his belt.
She floated through the air, her legs nothing more than amorphous tendrils trailing behind her. His breath came out in short gasps, like the puffing of a bellows. She grabbed him, and the mans body locked up. A sudden surge of energy flowed into her the moment she sucked his life force out. It was finished soon, for there wasnt much.
Enough for the night. She would find another barrow to settle down for the daytime. She closed her eyes as her mind closed to the world. Any passerby would see nothing but a small spot of hazy air by the gravestones. All through the days she slumbered, a half spirit without a true home.
The next night came, and she awoke hungry and ethereal. Her only quest to feed and fulfill the emptiness of her existence. She strolled about the town in a subdued form, invisible to all but the most susceptible to the netherworld.
The center of town bustled in this section of Sea Haven. Lights blared everywhere, and even her filtering form caught the glare. Had the people of town been more cognizant, they might have noticed. They went about their lives, walking and talking, smoking and laughing while they stood around and yelled vile obscenities.
Marissa watched them and seethed. These were the men that had taken her former life. They had taken her father away. She could remember her father. And they had driven her mother mad. They were responsible for her fate.
The people milled about in front of a couple taverns. Perhaps competing establishments because men from one side of the street yelled at men from the other side and vice versa. They were loud, vicious looking men with dirty faces and dark shirts. Their heavy leggings hung loose on their bodies.
Their boots were scuffed with mud, and they kicked rocks across the street at the other men who shouted back and threatened to do something to their mothers. Marissa didnt understand it. She only felt their anger and hate, the fiery vitriol back and forth until it built into a vortex of energy she could taste.
There were few women, and those hung by the sides of the men. They hugged them close, laughing at their asinine antics, dressed like harlots, wearing tight dresses that were pretty to Marissas eyes in a way she would never be.
One couple broke away from the others and walked to an alleyway behind one of the taverns. Marissa felt the need to follow. Before she did, another man followed right behind them.
Deep into the alley the first men spoke with the woman, and an argument ensued. The woman wanted money, and the man refused to pay. She turned away, but the second man was already behind her. She opened her mouth to scream, but the first man clamped a hand over her mouth. She kicked, but they grabbed her legs and brought her down to the ground. Marissa got closer.
The woman continued to struggle, but they were powerful men with large bodies and strong arms. She kicked and twisted, but they held her down and ripped her clothes. Marissa didnt understand what they intended, but she did not like it, not one bit.
The ghost girl hovered over the second man, and merged into the physical world. He twitched. The other man had pulled the harlots skirt up, but he looked up and spotted Marissa. He fell back screaming.
What? the other man said and looked to his companion, laughing. Whats wrong, Earl? You lose your taste for. Then Marissas presence and supernatural aura washed over him. The man yelled in fright and scooted back on his heels landing on his backside.
The victim girl screamed and scrambled to her feet. She took one look at Marissa and ran away.
Marissa eyed the men. The one on his backside shook his head. He leaned back against the wall like a frightened lamb before a wolf. The other muttered and cried, kneeling down in front of Marissa. He begged to some forsaken god for a chance at redemption that would never come.
She approached him, and the poor soul babbled for mercy, but the ghost didnt know the meaning. His life force was strong, stronger than his companion. The two lecherous men deserved what was coming. Marissa took them both.

* * * * *

The wait grew intolerable. The chair was uncomfortable, and it was embarrassing to sit with the commoners. They didnt respect him. That would change.
Castellan stood instead. Not wishing to seem impatient, but he preferred to be in motion rather than sitting like a slug. He paced back and forth in the smallish waiting room in front of Lord Cassius office.
There were a lot of people waiting for an audience with Lord Cassious, the citys second ranking politician, the man who was Lord Falstons direct subordinate. Most of them were common folk, normal people with unimportant complaints. None of them were more important than Castellans plea.
He crossed his arms and fumed at the little man at the desk before Cassius office. The thin, wiry man wrote with ink and parchment. He scribbled away like Muldor always did. This should have been Muldors assignment, to prostrate himself before the city council for the betterment of the Guild. The Guild Master fingered his necklace. The simple crystal warmed his hand.
Enough. Castellan stormed over to the desk. I beg your pardon but I have waited for almost an hour, and I must see Lord Cassius. It is most important.
The smallish man looked up, his face expressionless. And you are?
Castellan bristled. I-who am tell Lord Cassius that Guild Master Castellan is here to see him, and it is very important that I do so this instant.
Guild Master Castellan one moment.
There, easy enough. You make yourself clear, and people will listen. Castellan smiled, feeling better. He strolled around the little office, ignoring the strange looks the other people gave him. Let them stew and stare, the fools. Taking action was the only way to get things done in this town.
Towards the inner office, the assistant spoke with Cassius. He looked annoyed at being disturbed.
Castellan frowned; feeling buoyed by confidence, and barged into the office. The assistant glanced over in surprise, but Lord Cassius waved him away. Everything is fine, Toler. Leave us.
Castellan maintained a level of calm as the man left the room and closed the door. The Deputy Lord Governor seemed coy, and that was dangerous. Lord Cassius indicated that Castellan could sit, but the concession was refused.
Cassius eyed him with a mixture of annoyance and amusement. So, Master Castellan, it is a pleasure to see you again. How goes it? I hear the Guild is having some storage issues, some unfortunate robberies and whatnot at the docks of late. Terrible business, that.
The Guild Master forced a smile. Yes, it is. We have it under control.
Cassius laughed, a hideous sound like a squeamish girl giggling. Oh, really? Come now, Master Castellan. The fire the other night destroyed over half the ships on anchor, including most of the citys warring vessels.
An unrelated incident.
Cassius snickered. My dear Castellan. Youll make a shrewd politician someday. How is it I can help you?
Castellan decided to sit. You know what it is I want. I want a Guild member to have a permanent place on the city council.
The City Council does not recognize the functionality of your group as an essential part of this citys ruling body.
Weve had this discussion. Tell me, how did it feel to have your valuable items withheld from you? How would it feel were it permanent?
Cassius pursed his lips. I understand the practical power your organization wields and such a demonstration, while annoying, cannot sway this Council.
A glimmer of frustration gnawed at Castellans gut. But there is so much we can do! This city needs us. Sea Haven cannot function without The Merchants Guild. You know this, Cassius, and all the rest of your kind. You sit and dictate policy behind your little desks because our work, the Guilds work, gives all you need. We deserve a place on the city council.
Cassius watched and steepled his fingers in front of his face. Yes, there is one thing we need, and perhaps the guild can help. If successful, I can convince the other members to vote on a proposition to allow a temporary seat for your organization.
Castellan was alert. Already Captain Cubbins was in their employ and the City Watch liaison, Raul Parkins, was all but under control, so another member would tip the balance.
Im listening, Castellan said.
The arena. As you know, this has long been an area of concern. The people they become rowdy, uncontrollable. This place of decadence gives them a feeling of power. It spreads debauchery on a deplorable scale. We want it shut down. Youve done a fantastic job of doing away with the thieves guild. Folding them into your own organization was genius work. Some have noticed. Well done.
Now we must take the next step in eradicating another bastion of depravity in the city, and we will no longer earn our unwholesome reputation. It has come time to repair our city and erase our unwanted moniker. This Murder Haven will be no more.
That will take time and much effort.
But we must start somewhere. Lord Falston is under constant pressure from the King to enact more safety standards. His majesty has given an ultimatum concerning unlawful activities in the city. The Crown will no longer stand for it.
This was interesting news. Cassius had slipped. If it benefited the Guild, it was worth the effort.
Consider it done, Castellan said.

Chapter Twelve
Jerrod walked the streets of Sea Haven. It was late, almost time to head for the arena and make some coin. Because the gaming tents were still shut down, the fighting arena was the only game in town. It packed to the brim with idiots trying to win money. With their blundering bets, he won more.
Near the arena a crowd had gathered, most of them dregs looking for a hand outs. They asked Jerrod when they should know better. The brutal man brushed off a shabby looking man with pus in his eyes and crust on the corners of his mouth. Jerrod told him to die already. The man mumbled and moved on.
Jerrod found Marko and some of his cronies waiting near the secret entrance. The brawny man nodded to Jerrod as he neared. The others grunted.
Sir, Marko said.
Whats the line tonight? Jerrod said.
Marko held up three fingers. Three to one for the first round, sir. Couldnt get them higher on the second either. Theyre tightening things up.
Jerrod grunted, expecting as much. Didnt matter. They would still win.
After they won their fill, Jerrod drank more. The too familiar buzz of alcohol clouded his mind as he stumbled away toward the southeast end of town, past the southern docks, and into the woodland area out of the city limits.
The ground was damp with recent rain, and he was glad to have missed it. He trudged through to his cabin. It was not too late for one last drink. The simple, one story building grew larger with each step and came into focus. The light was already on. Wait. Jerrod stopped and titled his head.
Fuck me.
Someone was inside his cabin. A dead man.
Jerrod stood five paces away and studied the lock. Picked by an expert. It had happened once or twice before, but then burglars had busted the door down. Jerrod found them within a week and executed them. It hadnt been hard for him to track down.
This was different. This was intentional, made to get his attention but not upset him into violence. Jerrod shook his head and cursed.
As much as he wanted to confront this interloper, the desire to drink alone was stronger. Maybe he could go to Madam Drearys place and get a girl. There was some extra money in his pocket. But then he shouldnt be forced to leave his own place. To hell with that. This bastard was gonna pay.
Keeping his hand on his sword, Jerrod stepped inside. A tall, imposing figure stood near the hearth, a roaring fire blazed therein.
Jerrod dropped his hands and clenched his fists. What the fu
The figure turned, and Castellan smiled. Ive never understood how you can spend any amount of time in this place. It is quite squalid. Youll catch your death out here. It is quite dangerous drinking and sleeping in the cold.
Jerrod unclenched his fists and steadied his breathing. Blasted fool. Jerrod should have gutted him there and then. But even Jerrod lacked the weight to pull himself out of the gallows. It would have been fun though.
Castellan studied his face for a few moments and smiled that disarming smile of his which only made Jerrod angrier. I apologize. How rude of me. This is important, however. We cannot afford prying eyes.
Jerrod managed a nod and went to the far wall where he kept his best liquor. He poured a solid double for both. Drink?
Castellan gave a little smirk and came over. Why, yes, I would love one. What a generous host you are.
They sat at the rooms only table, straight across from each other. Jerrod sipped at his. Unease mixed in with the warmth in his gut. Castellan surprised him by downing his drink in one gulp and poured another one in short order. He downed that one too with ease.
This was a man with hidden strengths, so at ease all the time, so in control. Maybe that was why Jerrod put up with his eccentricities. This man would go places and take Jerrod with him.
It is all very simple, Jerrod. No one may know we met this day. Someone might see you in my back alleyway, so I am here.
Jerrod couldnt resist the obvious question. Howd you know Id be here right this second?
Something had changed about the man. The guild master was more confident, more cocksure than ever. He sat there with that self-righteous grin on his face and air of superiority. Jerrod decided it wasnt worth fighting over. There might also be money involved.
So whats the job? Jerrod said.
Lord Falston must be killed.
Jerrod couldnt keep the surprise from his face. He blinked. Thats a tall order, boss.
Castellans eyes gleamed. Indeed it is. And I know there is no one more competent to that job than you and your people.
Jerrod rubbed his face. The stubble scratched his hand. He needed a shave. Too much stubble was messy and unprofessional. Hed let himself go the last couple weeks. Another drink went down.
Hafta charge you triple the normal rate. Need extra guys for this kinda deal. This operation is big, takes time and money to make it happen. Lots of manpower involved.
Castellan nodded. Youll have it.
Jerrod grunted. The prospect of doing a job, with real gold, lots of gold, made his mind turn. The possibilities, the potential pratfalls to face along the way, there was a lot to think about.
The fall out for this, Jerrod said. City wide, this thing will.
I am prepared to deal with the ramifications. That is not your concern. Do your job and let it be. Castellan let it go at that, staring at Jerrod, his face stern. Jerrod gave a slow nod and rapped his fingers on the table.
Castellan went to the door. I assume youll keep me informed of your progress.
Jerrod grunted. Sure thing, boss.
Castellan left without another word and the door opened behind him. It banged on the jam a couple of times, but Jerrod didnt hear it. There was a lot on his mind.

* * * * *

Journal Entry 1149

A problem with a worker this morning. A sick man complained of the working conditions, the hours, the heavy lifting. He collapsed earlier in the day, poor fellow. I sent him home with full pay, to the consternation of Dock Master Mal Dollenger, but the man will get over it.

The concept of inevitability, this rolling, crushing force that cannot be stopped, has taken the brunt of my action this day. One man can make a difference. My father always told me that, the one clear memory I have of him. But how much difference have I made? Only one man, for only one day, has gotten a reprieve for but a moment in time because I chose to step in and stand up for human decency.

A small victory, but one I will treasure in this time of strife. It must be kept close to mind for my own sense of empowerment. The turning of time makes me feel older. For the first time in my life; my mortality stings me. Despair is all around, and though I fight to stave off the inevitable entropy that strikes us all, the reality of my station is all too clear.

The stink and decay I have so long been part of boils around me in this city. Yet I have failed to see, failed to erode even as I ingest it. I am beginning to see that I am as much to blame as Castellan for the sludge that rushes to our shores. We created it, let it build, and we did nothing.

I still do nothing even as the pain caused by our policies becomes clear. Were I in a position to help more would it still matter? There is part of me that wishes to believe I would stand up, but my thoughts dare not go there. A mere cog does not question the ticking of the clock.

All that is coming is well deserved.

* * * * *

Madam Drearys house of ill repute stayed much the same over the years. Due to the proprietors desire to give the best service in the city, full of both drudgery and finery in equal measure, though perhaps more of the former, the whorehouse was a staple in the local community.
Giorgio didnt visit much, but for the time being, it would give them some much needed reprieve. Marston walked with him as they entered and waited for Madam Dreary to give them an audience. The elite thief looked impatient. His face was dark with a cloud of frustration hanging over him.
The dcor was wonderful, with soft silk curtains and plush couches for clients and working girls alike. Marston sniffed and shook his head. This is a bad idea, Gi. Dont know why I agreed to it; aint gonna work.
We need a place to bed down once or twice a week. Not a bad environment either, in case you hadnt noticed.
We have places, plenty. Theres a safe house right behind Cutters place, behind the storehouse. Weve used that before fine.
Giorgio pulled him to the side when his voice rose. Some girls and customers looked over. We cant trust Cutter anymore. We have to make our own places, secret ones.
Secret? Bah! This isnt very secret, Gi. This is right out in the open. Everyone knows this place.
Not everyone. And those that do want privacy like us. This as a good place to be, trust me.
Marston remained unconvinced but stopped arguing. Madam Dreary arrived and everyone in the room took notice of the striking older woman. She was perhaps closer to forty than thirty, but she still had the glow of beauty, with shoulder length strawberry blonde hair and a winning smile. Jewelry shone from neck to fingers, and her dress was similar to the red silk of the inner dcor.
Dreary spoke with a lilting tilt that reminded Giorgio of an aunt he used to have. But with Madam Dreary it always had a sultry edge, sexy and smooth.
My darling men! How are you handsome gentlemen this evening?
She gave them each a kiss on the check, and even the fuming Marston warmed over to her charm. Giorgio bowed and gripped Marstons shoulder.
Weve been better, Madam Dreary.
Eyeing them, she smiled a motherly smile. Yes, of course. Ive heard. Come this way, and well talk.
Dreary grabbed them by the hands and led them back through the curtained hallways like little boys. Giorgio couldnt help blushing. She smelled wonderful.
Light streamed through the gossamer curtains from the open windows. The entire area gave a clean, wholesome feel from the pushing wind, the vibrant colors, and the soft smell of perfume. Giorgio knew Marston would change his mind sooner than later, assuming Madam Dreary allowed them to.
They reached her office. The motif of red cushions and multiple pillows repeated, but Giorgio chose not to sit. Marston crossed his arms when Madam Dreary asked if they wanted a drink, and the woman took the veiled rebuff with a smile.
Very well, gentlemen. How may I help you?
Giorgio decided being direct would serve them the best. We need this house to act as a safe place for us thieves. We need you to join us in fighting the guild.
Madam Dreary raised an eyebrow, amused. Hmmm, you dont say. She reached a glass liquor cabinet and brought out a crystal decanter. She set it down on her beautiful marble top desk with thin metal legs.
She indicated the chairs before it, comfortable looking chairs with rich satin backs. Please, be seated, both of you. Dont be so proud. A lady would find it unbecoming, even offensive, were she not so casual.
Giorgio sighed, but he sat. Marston followed. The two thieves watched Madam Dreary pour them drinks. It looked like wine but clear colored, an expensive kind.
The sultry woman studied them as they drank. It was the best wine Giorgio had ever had, smooth and clean. Madam Dreary tilted her head at him. Do you know that I was born on these streets? she said. Yes, these very streets. The one you came from just now. If you traveled back enough years, you could see me in swaddling clothes screaming my lungs out. And now I am here. She looked around. With all this. You understand.
Giorgio felt goaded into agreeing, but he was at a loss as to why he should argue. I was born here too in this town. Ive never lived anywhere else.
Which is true for most thieves, Id wager. Then you understand what I said before.
What are you getting at, madam? Marston said. You think we didnt work hard for all we got? So you worked it and wound up here. Congratulations. If you wanna know the truth, I dont think we should be here at all. Its a mistake and mistakes cost plenty in this game.
Giorgio ignored his remarks, keeping his eyes on Madam Dreary. What do you think youll lose if you help us? You have some sway in the city council. I bet you have some juicy blackmail all set up.
Perhaps, Madam Dreary said and smiled. My, my, arent you the smart one? You do understand how things work. We are protected here. That is all you need know.
Giorgio leaned forward. We need your help. All were asking is to use this place as a safe house, somewhere that our agents can come to in need.
Giorgio. Do you remember what this establishment was like before I took over as proprietor? Do you remember?
Giorgio frowned. Yeah, I remember a little. It wasnt this nice.
This is a waste of time, Marston said and almost stood up, but Madam Dreary held up a hand.
Please. One moment, my brawny thief. Let me look at you for a moment longer. Indulge a tired woman this pleasure. Please.
Marston settled and poured another tall drink from the decanter. Far be it from me to not enjoy it while I can.
Well said, Madam Dreary said. There have been wise men throughout history who have believed the same. Enjoy life as it comes. She smiled, and Giorgio found himself smitten by her calm demeanor, embarrassed for his rudeness. Hed never noticed before, but she had very adorable freckles on her cheeks. It made her look much younger.
Maybe they had made a mistake. The thief stood and bowed to her. Forgive me. It was wrong to impose upon you.
But Madam Dreary called him back. Please, Giorgio. Ill let you stay here, under certain conditions. For whatever reason, I am vulnerable to a vulnerable man. So, keep yourselves quiet and secretive, such as your skill, and you can come here any time you wish.
Giorgio smiled, feeling positive about their future for the first time in some days You are both beautiful and wise, Madam Dreary. Thank you.
She laughed, throwing her head back and tapping the table. My dear boy, flattery will get you everywhere. Now, off with you two. And don go gettin yourselves killed, now.
Giorgio couldnt argue with that.

* * * * *

Zandor wouldnt talk to him. Adding to that, Jon found he had developed a slight limp from the previous nights escapade, but he had no idea how it had happened. The left ankle was swollen, and it was painful to put weight on it.
They spent some time at one of the inns. The older man was sullen and silent, glaring at Jon from time to time while he whittled at a piece of wood with a very elaborate dagger. A beautiful piece of art really, one Jon had never seen before. It could even pass off for a ceremonial knife for ritual sacrifice.
Not wanting to wait and find out, Jon went to a very busy bar room, where every table were filled with men and women. The serving girls buzzed around like drunken bees filtering between flowers.
The bartenders yelled at the cooks, and the cooks yelled back. People shouted over the din of other people shouting. It was chaos. Jon stood off to the side and watched. This was the Sea Haven he envisioned.
Attempting to squeeze in closer, he bumped into a man who spilled beer on him. The man cursed and glanced Jons way. He looked ready to throw a punch, but the mans companion laughed and shoved another mug in his hands. They sauntered off, and Jon took their place at the bar.
The young Dock Master tried several times to get the bar tenders attention. After getting a beer, he was ready to study the crowd. He should have done this the night they got into town instead of being a foolish boy gaping at everything in sight.
The people held his interest. Men, women, tall or short, thick and thin, all manner of persons here and there. They wore all kinds of clothes, but this crowd leaned towards a richer aesthetic. Jon felt more at home.
One fellow, a large bearish man with a black doublet and gold nubs down the front where the fabric joined together, ruffles on his sleeves, rings aplenty on his fingers, and a graying beard on his fleshy face, he sat at the head of the largest table in the room. It was rectangular with seven people seated down each side with a young beautiful woman sitting on the far end opposite the fat man.
The young beauty didnt say a word. Even as the others yelled and chattered to one another, they went along with the fat man as he grew obnoxious and drunk. Jon found himself drawn to her exquisite, petite beauty. Her long brown hair let loose upon dainty shoulders.
The fat man cavorted, laughing, drinking, and spilling wine on himself like a fool. The young woman looked embarrassed, but no one else did. They shouted with him, spurring him on with whatever boorish story he told, about his exploits in this and that war. But he talked not of battle, only of selling his weapons. This was a merchant on a foreign consignment. Jon had never seen or heard of the man, and yet the brute said his name over and over, speaking of himself in the third person.
The young woman looked so lonely, afraid even. Perhaps Jon would talk to her later and find her alone outside.
Another large group, much quieter, dominated the far corner. They were big, beefy men with hard looks and thick, dark clothes. They had swords and other types of weapons like maces and spiked gauntlets. Zandor called them sell swords.
Jon wondered if they were common in this city. Hed seen enough of them of late. Three other men caught his eye. They were well dressed, with heavy cotton shirts and colorful vests, red and green being the primary colors. Their sleeves lined with gold, embroidered thread, and cuff links. Giorgio described them as fancy little fops. They were merchants.
Jon couldnt hear a word they said. They were his contemporaries. Watching them he thought of the one simple lead he had found in the office at the southern docks. Muldor. Must have been a name. Maybe he would stroll over, buy them a drink, and to pick their brains.
Jon made eye contact with one and smiled, but the mans eyes remained neutral. The man looked away and leaned over to speak with one of his companions in a whisper.
Fine then. Let them be that way. Jon shook his head and turned back to his drink at the bar. He almost jumped out of his skin when he saw Zandor already there, sucking down a shot of hard liquor.
Good god, man! Jon said. Then he laughed despite himself and grabbed his drink. Youll have to show me how to do that someday. Might come in handy at some point.
Zandor sniffed and rubbed his nose. Might at that, son. I wont charge for the lesson either. But youll owe me one just the same.
Jon frowned. Not sure I want to be beholden to you. Im not that brave.
Nah, you acted brave the other night. You got some juice to ya.
I thought you were mad at me, Zandor.
Zandor snorted. Still breathin aint cha?
Jon swallowed. Fair enough.
Jon ordered them another round of drinks. The bartender gave him an annoyed look, as if he had asked if he could piss on his sister, but Jon chose to ignore it. To hell with them all.
The two of them turned their backs and leaned against the bar. His eyes went back to the young girl. She was not enjoying herself at all. She sat there and cast her eyes down at the table, not eating nor drinking, while everyone else stuffed themselves like pigs at the trough.
Jon couldnt fathom what the dinner was about. Perhaps she was the fat mans daughter, and this was a celebratory event.
Zandor nudged him and flicked his eyes to the three fancy dressed men at the table. Check them out, bub. These fellas know what we need to know.
You know them.
Kinda. Not them specific fellas but men like em. They aint friends with that Giorgio guy. They fit the description of local merchants.
Jon breathed a sigh of frustration. So now what? We keep running with Giorgio? Steal some booze or set a few things on fire? How about we kick a few dogs?
Zandor smirked and finished his drink in one gulp. You know, this might not be the best place to divulge that kind of information but whatever. These pigs dont care.
Jon could see the gears turning in Zandors brain as he watched the three men, but then he shook his head. Nah, aint worth it. I could get plenty of information from those boys, mind you
Im certain of it.
but whats the point? That aint proof. What you need is someone that knows everything, someone to give us physical evidence, so Harper and his boys can come down and flush it out, make some arrests. But then it gets political, bunch of nonsense with words and special circumstance and whatnot. I dont see the play here.
But what about this name, Muldor? Who he is?
Zandor shrugged. Heard of him, sure. Some administrator with the merchants guild. Giorgio knows him I think.
How do you know?
It was the way he acted when you mentioned the name. I can tell. He wouldnt go into details, but I saw his face. Fine, tomorrow we go see this guy, with or without Giorgios help. Hell be easy to find I reckon.
These gentlemen here would know where to find him.
A lot of people would. Big deal. Give me a half second, and its done.
They stayed for a few hours longer, until Jons head began to slip, and the alcohol took hold. His gaze lingered on the girl and loud mouthed braggart at the other end. Even the sell swords glared at the glutton. The entire room was sick of him.
Cmon, Zandor said and grabbed his arm. Lets hit the rooms, son. Lots to do tomorrow.
Jon dreamt of the girl, except it was a nightmare instead of the pleasant sexual fantasy hed wanted. They hung the girl at the town square, with the fat man laughing and pointing as her dainty body swung back and forth on the end of the noose. Her face drained of all color. It was the only dream he remembered having.

* * * * *

Jerrod knew a challenge when he saw it.
Prepping for the assassination of the Lord Governor was a challenge, perhaps even an insurmountable one. He knew the city well, had agents placed wherever needed, but it wasnt that simple.
Assassins didnt work that way. There was no overall boss or even structure to their operations. Jerrod enjoyed the reputation of something of a ring leader, but it wasnt as clear cut. It improved his street credibility but not much else. And his position as a known assassin had drawbacks as well.
There was a network to delve into, a series of interconnecting paths that went from one man to another to another. He had to bridge the gap between those that knew and those that knew someone else. No one knew them all, but he controlled enough to give him an advantage on a job at this level of commitment.
It would take all the leverage he had and then some to make it happen. Even then the result was in doubt. To kill a Lord Governor was a tall order. Jerrod sighed and realized he should have charged Castellan five times the going rate. Or ten.
Jerrod had direct access with three sub-groups of assassins, making him one of the most connected men on the coast, but that accounted for only around ten men in total. Delios was a mans name, a direct line to most of them. All worked one way or another under him, and he reported to Jerrod when the need arose. That was all the resources Jerrod had in order to plan the most dangerous and important killing the city of Murder had ever seen. It would need a large group of assassins for any coordinated attack.
But they needed more bodies to pull it off.
Heading to the dock, where dusk settled in, and light filtered over the buildings, and blinded the men who gazed out upon the pier and sea beyond, Jerrod knew he could find some more. Wind blew. The brutal man hated the docks, but Marko and the other toughs would be there, bullshitting away with the other dregs, smoking and shouting like jackasses.
Marko, the brawny, twenty-something with a neck like a bull, flicked his chin towards Jerrod as he walked up. Sir?
Get a squad together, at least thirty men. Put em in two groups, pick another vet to lead one, you the other.
Marko frowned. Well, sir, might be hard to get that many together. They got us all working the docks for extra security. Im not sure
Listen, you. I dont give a rats ass what they got you doing. You move your ass and meet me back at the empty warehouse on the southy. Got it?
Marko nodded in a hurry. Yes, sir!
Jerrod glared and watched the man bolt away. Fucking slugs. Later, he met with Delios and another man. They went to Jerrods cabin, the safest place he knew of; although the visit by Castellan had shaken that confidence some. Delios was a small man, closer to five feet tall than six, but Jerrod knew if anyone tried to underestimate him, it would be a fatal mistake.
The other man was tall and rangy, very tan, with a facial scar that always looked like a pink line had been drawn down his cheek. His name was Lionel.
Jerrod sat them down in front of the fire. What do you have for me, boys?
They told him what theyd found out. Lord Falston had a predictable routine and that was good news. The Governor went to the same places, more or less, and took the same route. From what Delios told him, Jerrod was confident they might be able to bribe a guard or two. The problem with that was, if the guards turned them down the subterfuge was over, and the man could warn the rest of them off. If they killed the man, they would have to make it look unrelated. But Jerrod would deal with that if it came up.
The bad news was that Lord Falston was a very well-known person. His men were loyal and fierce. Nicoli Peterson ran them. A member of the city council, the man was responsible for protecting all members of the citys ruling hierarchy. They were talented swordsmen, well armored, and would not back down from a fight.
Then again maybe they couldnt bribe one. Damn, if they didnt have a man on the inside, it would be extra tough. They needed it. But even with a traitor among the Lord Governors men, it would take coordination and impeccable timing.
Maybe they could rush the guards in an all-out jam. Marko and his toughs, with heavy weapons and full armor were like a battering ram. But then it would be obvious who was responsible for the killing.
There might be another way.
His house, Jerrod said. You seen it?
Delios didnt blink. A fortress. We knew that going in. There are traps, some magical, most mundane. Once Lord Falston gets behind his walls, hes safe from us.
Jerrod nodded, not disappointed or surprised. We gotta get him out in the open. Or find him somewhere else like city hall. Anything there we can use?
Delios and Lionel looked at each other and seemed to do a mental shrug. Lionel looked at Jerrod. Youve seen it. Lots o guards, protected entryways. Hes the Lord Governor.
The last statement expressed what Jerrod had been feeling all along since Castellan had requested this. But Jerrod didnt like Lionels tone, and under normal circumstances would have snapped him back.
So we gotta get him while hes moving, outside his home, outside City Hall, on the road somewhere, yeah?
That is the most agreeable course of action, Delios said.
Theres some places he goes, Lionel said. Goes to the
The market, Delios said. Lord Falston goes there often, almost every day.
Jerrod grunted and sat back. His drink called to him, called to him to stop all this nonsense and get back to the easy stuff. Bully people at the arena and parlay bets into bigger winnings. But he couldnt.
The market might work, he said. Plenty of people around. Good place for a diversion. Thatll get his guards paying attention to something else. Could work.
Yes, Delios said. Then we draw him away and finish the job in secret.
Then Jerrod had it. I know what to do. We have the police escort him away, hell think hes safe, Peterson will never question it. Hell think its part of the normal exercise. Itll work fine.
Even better, Lord Peterson is not always on duty. A subordinate would be more apt to fall for this tactic. Well pick a day to do it.
Jerrod felt much better about the situation. With Cubbins in their wallet, they could arrange to get the Lord Governor away from his guard and then kill the man. Looking back, it was a brilliant move on Castellans part.
They spoke on several other details and Jerrod felt himself drift out of the conversation. It wasnt that he didnt find the killing exciting. It was invigorating, but the call of booze was stronger. This crap wasnt worth it. It was too complicated, too difficult. Drinking was easy, roughing up slugs was easy.
It wasnt too late to head back to the arena and win enough money to make Castellans request pointless. He didnt need this shit. Delios and Lionel kept talking. But Jerrod only contributed a grunt or two to the conversation.
They were capable men after all and didnt need him. The fighting pit was the place to be, maybe back in time to win some coin, get back to his piece of solitude and drink as much as possible. Or maybe he could head to Madam Drearys for a bit.
What we need to do is make certain the side streets are handled, Lionel said. Thats the only way. Jerrod, you got enough men to cover? Hey there, you got enough?
Jerrod blinked. Huh? Hey look, I got it covered. You two get your other team ready and the police with you. Ill talk with Cubbins, and hell give me guys to assign.
Well also need to pull as many of the Lord Governors men away as possible, Delios said. That is a primary concern.
Well do it, Jerrod said and sighed. Look, get moving on what Ive assigned to you, and Ill worry about the rest. Go on and get.
Delios nodded, and the two of them left him alone. Jerrods lumbering form sat and stared at the fire. How easy it would be to forget the whole thing and let it slide. His life as he knew it would be over, but he could find some nice place to retire. There was enough gold stored away as it was.
Maybe he would take a break for a few weeks. Castellan hadnt put a deadline on it. He only wanted it done. Jerrod could stall for a while because Castellan trusted him. But then there were people waiting for him, men already moving forward with the plan. There was no way to hide from that.
Damn it...
Jerrod tapped the table and got up with a groan. With a forlorn look at the bottle of booze, he headed for the door, onward to duty. There was no reason not to get it over with.

Chapter Thirteen
Muldor had fallen asleep on the couch in his office. Upon awaking he forgot where he was for a moment. It was raining. The cold wind from the proximity to the docks pattered the wetness against the windows. It made his door bump against the jam. The Guild man pulled the heavy blanket up to his neck.
The fire was out. There was no more wood anyway. Shivering, he tried to remember what he had been dreaming, but it was gone.
Outside the wood pile would give the necessary blocks to refill the fire pit. It felt better in the crisp morning air, and his thick forearms were strong enough to carry several splintered pieces above his chest.
Back inside there was work to do. The daily ledgers from the previous days shipments showed a few irregularities. He would need to speak with the Dock Masters, and he shuffled them to the side. He jotted down in his notebook the dates, times, and shipment numbers for each vessel and corresponding piers, along with which local merchants, if any, were to receive these goods.
Something wasnt right and Muldor was going to get to the bottom of it. Added up, it amounted to a lot of money missing, and goods were where they werent supposed to be. Or stolen. A pang of anger and wounded pride struck him. Castellan must assume no one would find out or piece it together. But Muldors loyalty was to the Guild.
The thought of going to the city council was painful. That was the only recourse above and beyond Castellans influence. All he could do was record it, and perhaps convince each individual merchant to stop assisting Castellan in whatever the Guild Master planned. That is if they would listen.
Muldor sighed and kept reading and writing. He kept his focus on his work instead of ruminating over possible scenarios for his future. It wasnt worth the energy.
Later that afternoon someone knocked. Dock Master Lawson was supposed to meet that day, and Muldor assumed it was him. Come.
The door opened, but two strangers entered. It was obvious they were not from Sea Haven. One was of average height with straw colored hair; young, somewhat awkward and nervous. The fellow was trying hard to put on a friendly countenance, but his apprehension seeped through.
The other was quite a different specimen. There was a palpable aura of menace about the man, and though he let the youth lead, there was no doubt to who was in charge. His attire reminded him of a more complex, darker, busier Giorgio. The dark man glanced around the room, scoffing at the bookshelf.
May I help you gentlemen? Muldor said.
The younger one seemed about to speak, but he looked instead at the other man. The man walked around the room, as Castellan did on occasion, and stepped over to the fire. He stoked the smoldering embers.
This is a good fire, he said. Good structure. I can respect that. A city man, got some skills in woodsmen things yeah, thats surprising in this town. He looked back to Muldor and smirked. Youre a good man there, I see. Very handy.
The younger man gave a nervous chuckle. So, um, yes. Well, we would like a word with you if we may. Muldor is it? Im sorry if I dont address you with your proper title, Im not sure what it is.
The man looked sheepish, a little pathetic even. Muldors heart leapt out to him, but he kept his face neutral. I prefer to speak while seated, so youll forgive me if I ask you join me, Muldor said.
The young man nodded and gave a guarded smile. The other man looked amused but came over and joined them at Muldors desk. Muldor studied the older man. He reminded him a bit of Jerrod, even sounded like him, as if they were raised in the same region.
Muldor sat back and waited, but they said nothing. The older man gave a gruff chuckle while the younger man cleared his throat.
Yes, well, I suppose we should introduce ourselves. My name is Jonathon Baumgardener, please call me Jon, and this is my associate Zandor. Um, you are in fact named Muldor, yes?
Correct. My previous question remains. How may I be of assistance?
Jon cleared his throat again and looked at Zandor, but the man gave him nothing. He was too busy smirking at Muldor, trying perhaps to make him uncomfortable.
Yes, well, we need some information, Jon said.
Sea Haven boasts an impressive library. It lies on the northeast side of town, near the municipal buildings. I suggest you go there.
Muldor went back to his writing. The rebuff hung in the air. There was an item that required his attention, a request from a worker at the shipping yards. He wondered why it came to his office instead of the supervisor.
Jon cleared his throat again. Um, sorry but we were hoping you could provide us with the information. It concerns the guild, The Merchants Guild.
Muldor took notice but kept his face unreadable. These men might be dangerous to the sanctity of The Guild. This might be the nightmare he envisioned.
So, Jon said, we thought, well, from what weve gathered, we thought you would be the man to talk to about such things.
This was a test for the two of them and to whoever recruited them to come here. They were fishing; they knew nothing. If they knew anything, they wouldnt be here.
I can see being specific is not an attribute you consider important.
Jon looked uncomfortable. Zandor no longer looked amused. Muldor was a calm, stout hearted man if there ever was one. Good for him.
Well, yes, to be specific, Jon said and took a breath. I want to be honest with you, Muldor.
Such bravery should be rewarded. Ill speak to the Lord Governor. Perhaps we can arrange for a commendation.
Zandor frowned.
What I mean to say, Jon said, is that, well, I am not accustomed to slinking about, gathering information, or trying to
You mean spying, Muldor said.
Jon blushed. Yes, Im afraid that is what it is, and I dont like it. That is why we are here now. Weve learned you are a man that knows things, knows how this city works. You might know what we need to know.
I congratulate you on a productive recognizance. Perhaps the local assassins guild would be a good place to start. I here they are looking for members.
Now Zandor became more agitated. He tapped the top of the desk and glared at Muldor. Before he could speak, Jon did.
Please. Mister Muldor, or is it Master, or Sir Muldor? Anyway, I dont want this. There were some shipments. We are from
Zandor put his arm against Jons chest. Hold it, kid. Its time he starts giving us information. So tell us what we want, Muldor. And we can keep this nice and friendly like. No one needs to get hurt.
Muldor sat back. I am very busy, gentlemen. So youll forgive me for being rude, but this meeting is at an end. There is nothing further to discuss.
They said nothing as he went back to his work, but his intentions were quite clear. Jons chair creaked, whatever willful bravery he had geared himself faded as he stood. Muldor felt Zandors eyes on him, a very uncomfortable feeling but one he was all but immune to. Muldor was born in Sea Haven after all.
But Zandor stood, and they walked to the door.
Before they left, Jon turned back and spoke. I read people well. There is something you want to tell us but for whatever reason wont. There is a problem. Did you ever consider we might be able to help you?
Muldor didnt remember if they closed the door or not.

* * * * *

Theyd tracked him again.
Giorgio had kept a low profile for weeks. Even with his recent activity at the docks, it was the same thing night after night. Talk to no one but his fellow thieves. Keep to the shadows. Never go the same way home. Never sleep in the same place. There was even someone else watching the dog as a favor and as a decoy, for any of Jerrods thugs might mistake them for Giorgio. It was good practice, kept him sharp with his skills, honed his body and had given his pride a sharp stab he could not ignore. This was his life.
Like most potential thieves, hed been recruited at a young age and brought into the fold by a mentor. A man for whom he had great respect, even a paternal love, and he instilled in him a sense of pride that no threat, no matter how grave, could disrupt. If this act of rebellion led to his death, so be it. To live any other way was death to him.
Two men followed him, maybe a third. There were three last time when they caught him. His mind went back to that night, to the mistakes hed made, to the faults in his own logic. He turned towards the present and how to prevent a repeat of the outcome. This time there was a little surprise set up for the men, and Giorgio wasnt alone.
Towards the abandoned gaming tents, he saw the once standing pavilion was an empty shell, deflated like a punctured water skin. The poles that had held up the thick canvas were slack. They leaned against each other inside the collapsed dome. There was a feeling barrenness surrounding the entire area.
Along with the shipping yards to the northwest, Giorgio felt a sense of pride at the chaos they had initiated, for it was all connected in some way to the activities of the merchants guild; let them take the brunt of the fallout.
The acrid stench of burning wood and left over oil from the fire lingered. Hed been told there were only three sea worthy vessels left of the entire armada, and they mediocre ships at that. Giorgio smiled at that.
The police had erected a barricade around the center configuration of the dilapidated tents. Hovering around the outside, a sign read: Danger! Do not cross under penalty of hanging.
Too late for that. His neck was already prepped and ready for snapping. There was little he could do to change that; in fact, hanging might be better than a knife in the back.
Strolling around the edge of the collapsed structure, he stayed low, waiting for the inevitable tail to show themselves. He didnt wait long and kept his body in plain view for them to see.
There was some movement off to his right, at the corner of a long, low rooftop that used for storage when the games were on, boarded up by city decree. He heard a tiny scratching behind him. Oh, they were good. Somehow one of them had gotten behind him.
Giorgio smiled, admiring their tactics and worked his way deeper into the maze of limp canvas. The poles poked up every so often like covered guideposts. He stayed as low to the ground as possible, in case they had crossbows or throwing knives.
Focusing instead on keeping his body a smaller target, he saw a flicker of movement in front of him. Wind rushed by his left ear. A moment later the thud of a knife striking the tent behind him told Giorgio he had gotten lucky again.
The flicker came again, and the agile thief rolled, grabbing a flap of tent and ripping it open to cover his now prone body. It deflected the next flying knife, and it released his dog. The patient beast had hovered under the flap for the last hour or so. It sprang out and snapped at the oncoming assassin.
To his credit the man did not slow much. He shifted his pumping feet and side-stepped the chomping mutt. He kicked it to the ribs in the process. The dog yelped and rolled away, but it came back up snarling and growling.
Giorgio used the momentary distraction to pull out some throwing knives of his own and tossed them. The disappointing clang of metal came a second later, and he cursed. The assassin came on undaunted, sword raised.
A cry ranged out behind them, and Giorgio smiled. The other assassin had run into a little snag back in the alley. The one in front of him hesitated. His partner was too busy at fighting off Marston and the others. There was another assassin out there somewhere, there had to be, but Giorgios planning had put a wrinkle into their strategy. That was something.
The man had two weapons now, a short sword and a long dagger, almost the length of a poniard, and came on fast. Maybe he thought to finish Giorgio quick before his companion fell.
Giorgio kept his distance, picking his way across the tent flaps while the dog barked. The man ignored the animal and came straight aheadgods he was fastclosing enough space to stab with his sword. Giorgio twisted to the side to avoid being skewered.
The thief feinted with another knife throw, but the man didnt fall for it. His focus was relentless. Two quick jabs with his dagger, meant to maim only, followed a swipe with his sword at Giorgios head. He could do nothing but duck and block with his own short sword. There was no way to mount any kind of assault; the man was too fast.
There was no question Giorgio was outmatched. It was so obvious that fear clutched his heart. The environment he hoped would assist him became his undoing. He fell backwards and hit the ground hard. Rolling up, he caught parts of him snagged in the tent.
The assassin struck his flailing arm. Giorgio grunted in pain, and had the dog not sprung forward and latched tight to his ankle, he would have been finished. Instead the assassin turned and kicked the dog away. He even cut its left flank as Giorgio got to his feet.
He stepped forward and stabbed at the man, but he already turned around and blocked. Too fast. Giorgio stayed on the offensive, pushing a flurry of sword cuts and even tossed a knife underhanded at his opponent. It at least got some space between them.
They breathed hard by the end of the exchange, but the assassin was stronger, and they both knew it. Thieves could fight okay, but this was what assassins did for a living. The lone thief retreated.
The assassin pushed forward again but without his own back up, he had spent a great deal of energy in keeping the fight one-sided. It mattered little, but Giorgio sensed some frustration in the mans posture.
The dog was getting to him as well, and now that it was injured, it was more frightening. It snarled and snapped at his heels. The fact it was still alive gave Giorgio hope. They could win.
Giorgio panted hard, his arms felt heavier. This couldnt last much longer. A crippling blow was coming. He needed to get off the tent, so he could run, perhaps give his team enough time to catch up and help him.
Backing up one step at a time, even his excellent footwork made it slow going. There was no way to see well enough to know what he had behind him. All the while his foe stabbed at him with speed and precision.
The tent ended, and Giorgio breathed easier. But when he turned to run, his ankle twisted beneath him and caught on the final bit of tent flap he hadnt seen. He cried out in surprise and hit the ground knees first. The pain was intense. The only thing to do was roll away, but panic set in.
The assassin was right behind him, and though the dog snarled and snapped at the mans back, it wouldnt stop him from plunging his blade into Giorgios flesh. It was over.
The young thief curse himself for a fool in those scant seconds, wondering where it had all gone wrong and what he should have done instead.
An unnatural chill filled the air near him. It took his breath away and stunned him as he scrambled on the ground, trying to regain his footing.
His assailant gasped, then stumbled, and screamed a frightening, inhuman shriek. Giorgios fear of the man melted away, but a dreadful presence replaced it, a pit of ultimate despair and pure malevolence.
Giorgio stared in horror at an ethereal apparition. It grasped the assassin in an embrace of madness. They wrestled with each other. Giorgio quailed and backed away, scuttling across the ground on his heels and palms like a backwards crab.
His foes skin paled, draining of all color like sand through an hourglass. The hue faded to that of ash. His struggles slowed, then ceased altogether as the feminine specter locked her amorphous hands on his throat. It shoved him down to his knees bending him over backwards.
Giorgio held his breath and couldnt move. The dog whimpered somewhere close by. This couldnt be. Things like this didnt happen. There were stories told of ghosts told to children. Hed always assumed they were told to frighten the young into compliance. But here it was, right here in front of his eyes, and there was no denying reality.
The assassin shriveled to a dried husk in a matter of moments though to Giorgio it seemed an eternity. Time stretched out and froze in the air and hung there. It was the longest half minute of his life.
The apparition held the mans head for a few moments longer. The ethereal form grew more substantial before his eyes, enough so Giorgio could make out the shape of a body, even the facial features and clothing. It almost looked human; only the form was transparent in places, like its extremities.
The specter let the limp body slide out of its grasp. Giorgio felt an air of satisfaction about it as the ghost regarded him. Its eyes were no longer malicious or spiteful. It smiled at him, but that made his skin crawl.
The dogso loyal during the entire scenepadded over and though it was on the verge of bolting away, it remained by the side of its master. It whimpered and bowed its head.
Giorgio patted it on its flank. Easy, boy. Easy.
The creature looked at them and hung its head. If Giorgio didnt know better, he would have sworn it looked hurt. It shivered. Waves of unadulterated sadness poured out from its form and struck Giorgio with full force. It was with such powerful emotion, he cringed and wept.
Tears streaked down his face while the dog whimpered and curled its tail around its side. It put its paw over its head and shook.
Giorgio reached out a trembling hand to the creature, but it shied away. No, dont go. Please stay here.
The words did not sway her. The ghost floated away. Her form shivered as if she were drowning in a frozen lake. She was gone, off into the night from whence she came. Giorgio let his breath out, still on his hands and knees like a beggar. He had never felt so miserable in his life.

* * * * *

Check it again you little shit, Jerrod said. Its your ass if you screw this up.
Marko nodded his rather large head. Yes, sir! He ran off.
Jerrod cursed and prayed for the tenth time that day for a solid drink, but no bottle was available. He hadnt imbibed for four days, a personal record. He needed his mind sharp, his reflexes honed; they couldnt afford any misstep. The tinge of frustration welled up within him.
It was one of those rare days where the sunlight was abundant and the air warm. Late spring griped Sea Haven with summer closing in fast. Jerrod wiped the sweat from his forehead, cursed again, and spat on the ground. His mouth was dry as sun bleached bone. Withdrawal had set in some time before. Damn a drink would be nice.
A few minutes later, one of Markos toughs came up to him to report. Nothing yet.
Then get the fuck outta here.
The man bolted like hed been shot out of a cannon. Jerrod rubbed his face, clean-shaven and smooth for the first time in a long while, and rubbed the back of his head. The hair stubble was where he wanted it, about half an inch in length. The small room was bare save a desk. It was in one of the many buildings scattered about the town used for planning.
It was a two minute jog to the market, where the lord governor would soon arrive and present himself a target. So far he had been taking his sweet assed time about it. The day wore on near to dusk. Jerrod felt the darker the better. Then he got the confirmation he had been waiting for.
Theyre heading that way, said a thick-armed youth. His chest, visible behind his black leather vest, was covered by tattoos, a practice some of the toughs employed.
Yeah, yeah, Jerrod said and sat up. Get to your position.
The man ran off. Jerrod twisted his back. It popped, and he strode out the room. Be sharp you lazy shit. You have to get this done today.
The marketplace was three or four blocks northeast. Evening market activity was busy. An amazing amount of stalls and carts piled about the sprawling space that spanned several streets, and every available nook and cranny and overhang in front of the buildings. Merchants shouted and waved as they stuffed their wares into peoples faces.
Jerrod did what he never did. He tried to blend into the crowd. This was too important to trust to underlings. If they succeeded, Castellan would take a huge step towards controlling the city, and Jerrod could hang on to his coat tails all the way to retirement. But these damn slugs were making it hard to do. People kept bumping and smashing into him like the clumsy fools they were. Controlling his impulse to knock some heads was not easy.
One knucklehead ran straight into his chest. He got snotty at first, but one look at Jerrods gram features made him turn and move off. It would have been nice to knock his teeth in, but Jerrod couldnt afford any distractions or make a fuss, at least not yet.
A few children played in the open space near an empty alleyway. The vendors tossed their broken boxes and other refuse. Three boys and two girls kicked a dirty leather ball, more or less scrap rolled together with twine, back and forth, laughing and running.
Doing this in the wrong place, kids, Jerrod thought.
A few merchants tried to run them off when they got too close to their stalls. The children stuck their tongues out at the irate men, and Jerrod had to smirk. Some of them had some spunk. They reminded him of when he was young. Except he would have kicked the merchants in the groin if they gave him lip.
The vendors attempts to chase them off were pointless. Most kids did what they wanted in this town and good on them. No one ever told Jerrod what to do more than once as a child.
A man without a permanent station, called a hawker, got his attention, and Jerrod decided to make sure he was seen. The mans array of daggers were decent. They strung together in a line on a folded piece of leather. Not the greatest craftsmanship ever seen but better than some. There was also a nice set of brass knuckles that caught his eye a. Jerrod had gotten out of practice with those. The feeling of his fists hitting flesh was more enjoyable, but metal knuckles caused much more damage.
This pair was too small for him, but the seller assured Jerrod he could make another pair large enough to fit, but Jerrod told him to hold off for the time being. Maybe later.
Someone shouted off to the south of the stands, near the center of the marketplace, at the junction of several streets, two story buildings at every corner. Dozens of carts, fruit stands and tall, cabinet like stalls stretched out in the space along the way.
Jerrod turned his gaze that way. Son of a.

* * * * *

Giorgio figured it was risky but worth it. Most things in life were.
Marston looked at him. The taller thief looked confused rather than worried, but at least he had agreed to come.
Im here because I let you down the other night, Gi, he said. But this is still a mistake. Madam Drearys is a mistake, and you wont see me or any of the other elites using it as a safe house. And this is a mistake. Too many of those and youre done.
I was done the other night, and a miracle happened. Go somewhere else if you dont wanna be here.
Marston frowned but stayed put. They had several other thieves working the market crowd, pick pocketing, listening, and keeping an eye out for Jerrod or any of his cronies. Giorgio turned and motioned another group forward.
Bring him forward, Giorgio said, and two thieves dragged a third man down the street. Their prisoner was a middle aged merchant named Robert Tatum. His lip was split from the beating Giorgio had given him. One eye was almost closed from a solid right hit from Marston. Theyd beaten a confession out of him, and Giorgio wondered why they had waiting so long to do something like this before.
Anders and his small gang of young thieves had brought information back to them. The Lord Governor, along with Cassius, his chief administrator, were heading this way to the market as they did most nights. Giorgio also had other thieves in place among the crowd.
If they could get close enough, he could tell the Governor some interesting facts about recent merchants guild activity, thanks to their cowed prisoner.
People in the crowd stared at their strange procession and gave them a wide berth. A few women gasped at the sight of a tied man, and a few men put their hands on their sword belts.
Giorgio strode by with a purpose, unafraid, amongst the streets of a marketplace he knew so well.
Right there, Gi, Anders said, one of the thieves pulling the prisoner along. The young thief looked with relish and pointed up the street to another procession. It was much larger with lots of armored men and heavy steel.
That has to be him. Giorgio said. This is it. Lets move this scum merchant over. Signal the others.
Marston grumbled, but he nodded to the younger thief, and Anders let out a shrill whistle. The whistle was relayed a moment later, down a side street, and then another sounded right in front of them perhaps thirty paces away. Then again down another side street to the left.
Giorgio felt a rush of pride at their orchestration. They were working well as a team at last. The recent strife pulled them into a cohesive whole. They would get it back, the life they had, the way it was before, the pride of the Guild restored.
Giorgio ordered his group on faster, making progress through the mass of the milling crowd. They headed towards the Governors group, which also plowed through the crowd. The armored guards, with red silk capes hanging off their wide shoulders, pushed people out of the way like a ship cutting a swath through water.
The people frowned, but no one made a fuss about it. The townspeople understood the way things worked, and Giorgio felt a rush of frustration. The men in power felt they could do whatever they wanted. Damn them if they would do it to him and his.
Both groups looked like schools of fish, one a mighty shark, the other a dangerous barracuda. The former smashed, the latter wove through the crowd, on their way to collide with one another.
Giorgio wound up face to face with a guardsman. The shining plate of his chest glinted with the slanting rays of the setting sun. The guards set up a circular ring of protection around the Lord Governor and the rest of his entourage. The one in front of Giorgio frowned at the sight of several knife wielding thieves and their prisoner. The guard raised his halberd and called to his nearest fellows. A few others came over to stand with him, including a sergeant, to see what the fuss was about.
I need to speak with the Lord Governor, Giorgio said to him. The sergeant eyed Giorgio and the men with him, taking in the situation with a quick, intelligent glance. The request did nothing but gather more guards near them.
The thieves stiffened, but Giorgio called them off. Easy, fellas. We didnt come here to fight, remember? We came to talk.
They couldnt win a physical conflict anyway. It wasnt worth it. A crowd gathered around them. People gawked and muttered, pointing at the prisoner. A few of the vendors recognized their fellow merchant and called him by name. One of the Lord Governors aides motioned in their direction, and Falston turned their way. He had quizzical expression. The two politicians spoke for a moment and then came over, much to the relief of Giorgio and the consternation of the royal guardsmen.
The sergeant spoke to Falston and cautioned him to stand back, but the Lord Governor waved him off. He was too curious. His smallish eyes and furrowed brow, like some kind of human badger, took them in.
His aide spoke first. I take there is an issue you wish to bring to our attention, gentlemen, Lord Cassius said. What is it?
We need to speak with Lord Falston, Giorgio said, still eyeing the soldiers and their halberds. It was nice to have the intimidating Marston by his side. The man radiated calm and a cocksure confidence that gave him strength.
Cassius saw the look and surprised Giorgio by shooing the soldiers out of the way. Then you may speak with me. Tell me, what is your grievance?
The thieves yanked the prisoner forward. The man was nervous and tried to pull away, but there was nowhere to go.
We found out something important from this man, Giorgio said, a little thievery you might find interesting.
Cassius looked wary. And of course you gentlemen would know very much on that subject. Dont think I dont recognize you people. Do not be so coy, out with it. What has this man told you?
Giorgio squeezed the mans arm, but he remained silent. Marston cuffed him on the back of the head. The guards shifted their stances, and some in the crowd voiced their displeasure. The air was tense; the mood hung on the balance of the next few moments.
Cassius looked at the merchant. Robert Tatum, is there something you wish my office to know? Speak your mind but be honest.
The merchant girded himself. I have nothing to say. These men attacked me! Theyre thieves! Every one of them
Faster than thought, Giorgio had his knife to the mans throat. Take care with what you say. They may be your last words.
The guards reacted by raising their weapons and stepping forward. The crowd gasped, but Cassius tried to settle everyone down by raising his hands. Please, everyone, be calm! There is no need for violence. He locked gazes with Giorgio. Sir, there is no need for this. We can work this situation into an agreeable conclusion. Put down your knife and speak to me.
Hes lying, Giorgio said. I have witnesses. The merchants are stealing shipments. I have proof.
I am one of those witnesses, a man said from the crowd. It was Jon Baumgardener. The young man stepped forward and spoke to Cassius. I can corroborate everything this man says.
Robert Tatum tensed, and Giorgio smiled. Jon had come through for him. It was a rare thing to trust a man in this town, but then again Jon wasnt from Sea Haven.
Cassius looked at him. And who are you, sir?
Jon smiled. I am Jonathon Baumgardener. He grimaced and looked around. My Lord, this is perhaps not the best place to discuss such things. Maybe there is a more appropriate place for all of us to retire to, somewhere private.
Cassius nodded to Jon and looked at Falston. He remained silent but interested. Yes, indeed. Cassius said, I believe we can arrange a private meeting at my office. But we cannot have this threatened violence. I must ask you gentlemen to put away your weapons and let Mr. Tatum go free, so we may discuss this as civilized men.
That was good enough for Giorgio. He relaxed, putting his knife away, but chaos erupted all around them.

* * * * *

Jerrod had seen enough. It was time to start making some moves, and so he did what he did best and took action.
The group of thieves walked through the crowd, pulling some slug along tied up like a stuffed pig. They reach the Lord Governors entourage, and Jerrod crept up closer as well. He watched their little impromptu conference with the dead man, Giorgio, and Cassius with growing impatience.
Jerrod should have killed that prick when he had the chance. This whole thing wouldnt have happened. He told Castellan to not let them slide but to no avail. There they were, trying to expose something to the law that they didnt understand and couldnt stop. Jerrod had to do something and fast.
He found one of Markos toughs. The brawny man leaned against a stall, laughing with another man and eating an apple. Jerrod yanked the man over to him and hissed in his ear. Listen up, you. Alternate diversion plan. Now!
The man stared at him as if his head were on fire. Here? But all these people and guards, we
Jerrod placed his thumb on a very sensitive spot on the underside of the mans arm and applied pressure. A lot of pressure. The man winced and almost fell backwards. His knees went weak, but Jerrod kept him on his feet. You move your ass, you little shit.
The man nodded, and Jerrod released him. A few of the other toughs were close by and had seen the altercation. They whistled a signal to the others already in place.
Jerrod walked with purpose towards the circle of royal guardsmen. He was glad once again that Nicoli Peterson wasnt present. The shrewd man would never let this happen. He would have cleared everyone away and gotten Falston out of there by now.
Cassius and Falston moved up to speak with the thieves and their charge. Jerrod crept up closer. His considerable bulk moved well through the crowd. He could be quiet when he wanted to be. The nearest guardsmen were busy watching the commotion, like everyone else, and didnt pay attention to him at all. No one saw him, even the gaping onlookers, the swine, and when he heard a shrill whistle from the other side of the street, he knew it was time.
Jerrod grabbed a tall, thin man from the crowd, and shoved him into the nearest guardsmen. Jerrod shifted his hips and turned away, as if he had nothing to do with it, and headed for the merchant and the thieves.
The commotion began behind him as the guards shouted at the poor man. They yelled back. And some of the other guards broke rank to see what the trouble was. Jerrod heard angry shouts behind him. Good.
At that moment, the sound of heavy fighting broke out in the alley across the way, and many heads turned. It was as if a small battle had broken out, with the sharp, distinct retort of metal clanging against metal accompanied by the screams of fighting men. Jerrod grabbed another bystander and shoved him as hard as he could into the ring of guardsmen.
The fellow yelped in confusion, and the guards took the brunt of his fall. Several more came to investigate while still more focused on the brouhaha in the alley. It spilled into the street. All the while Jerrod moved towards the edge where the tied up merchant stood as confused as any of them.
Some of the royal guardsmen grabbed the Lord Governor and Cassius putting them in a protective circle. Meanwhile, a large group of men busted into the street and fought with each other. Most of them were Markos toughs, but Jerrod saw a few innocent bystanders among the people being pummeled.
The ring of soldiers was already broken, and many in the crowd fought them. Their focus turned to crowd control instead of protecting Falston. Other people in the crowd became upset very fast as the soldiers got rough with a few. The market people didnt like that.
Jerrod shut his mind to it and trusted the orchestrated chaos to do as it was designed. Instead he focused on reaching Giorgio and his captive. The thieves were already confused. They rooted to the ground, glancing around but did nothing.
One of them spotted Jerrod, but it was too late. The big man clubbed the thief with his fist and kicked another one. They went sprawling. Jerrod grabbed the frightened merchant with one hand and plunged a dagger into his throat with another. The man gagged as Jerrod twisted the blade and the gash widened. The man dropped to the ground, dead before he hit.
Another thief, a tall, swarthy looking man, saw what happened and cried out a warning, but Jerrods job was done. The witness was dead. Giorgio turned to them, and the fight was on.
Jerrod kicked at the swarthy one, but the man was very fast and dodged aside. He pulled a short sword and made a cut that Jerrod blocked with his own sword. Giorgio joined him, and they fought the beast side by side.
Jerrod backed away a step and shoved another slug from the crowd and into the thieves. It caught them off guard. They side-stepped but were off balance. Jerrod stepped to the side towards the taller man, of which he considered the more dangerous of the two, and brought his sword around in a large arc. The man ducked, but his momentum was already on his back heels. Jerrod kicked him, and he went flying backwards.
Giorgio went on the offensive, but Jerrod was ready for him. He blocked a stab with the mans dagger and feinted a punch the man didnt fall for. Giorgio ducked down but advanced, moving his feet well. The thief was better than Jerrod would have given him credit for.
By this time the crowd was in complete disarray. Many people ran around screaming and shouting while the guards tried to keep order, but it was hopeless. The toughs had busted into this section of street and pushed hard towards the Lord Governors group.
Giorgio recognized what was going on. He looked at the dead merchant at their feet, back to Jerrods hateful eyes, and grimaced.
Jerrod snickered. Come on, then.
The other thief, the taller, swarthy one, was on his feet shouting at the others of their rogue band. Trying to get them organized was difficult. He yelled at Giorgio to move his ass, but Giorgio locked gazes with Jerrod.
Jerrod knew he wanted to fight by the sheer hatred in his eyes, but there were too many people about. The fighting from the alley now involved all the guards, at least those not fighting with the crowd, and the rest of the thieves wanted to escape.
Jerrod smirked at him, and Giorgio stepped forward, but his fellows were not having it. The press of the mob overwhelmed them, and Giorgio let them drag him away with the rest of the pigs. Jerrod threw him an obscene gesture with his finger and laughed. He turned away and disappeared into the crowd.
The job for him was finished. His men would complete the plan. That was all to be done. It was also time for a drink.

* * * * *

When the fighting broke out, Jon had no idea what to do except continue his conversation with Cassius and Lord Falston. He squeezed himself into their group as the guards pulled the lord and his aide along to a safer location.
Chaos had enveloped the marketplace. People shouted in anger and cried in pain. The heavy thud of fists striking flesh filled the air in a sickening deluge of noise. Stalls were smashed and wrecked produce flew all over the place.
Jon wasnt surprised by the actions of the townsfolk. The people here were not happy. They did little other than complain about the conditions and the oppression by the ruling class. Perhaps this was a way to get back at them.
A large group of rough looking men, wearing black leather vests and thick arms, caused the biggest disturbance. They pummeled one another and any of the crowd unlucky enough to be close by. A few other soldiers, Jon thought they must be police by the looks of them, attempted to quell the fighting.
A glance over his shoulder showed him flailing limbs and angry faces. The jingle jangle of clinking armor and weapons surrounded him as their group stomped along a side street away from the market.
Cassius looked nervous, but Lord Falston looked calm for some reason Jon could not fathom. Jon wondered where Zandor was. The man said he would be close when they decided to reveal their presence to the Lord Governor, but Jon hadnt seen him.
Jon stumbled as they turned down another street and righted himself to keep jogging. His breath was ragged and labored. His heart beat like a blacksmiths hammer. This wouldnt last long. The cobblestones street felt hard under his feet, so unyielding it hurt to step upon. His knees felt like they might shatter with every step.
The Royal Guardsmen stayed focused, but there was an air of confusion about them. There were six in total. Some of the others had stayed back to deal with the fracas. One of them, the sergeant, pulled the Lord Governor along by the arm, but after another block Falston told him to let go.
Im fine, Geoffrey. There is no need to carry me along like a child. Where are we going?
Jon wanted to know the same thing, but the man was not very detailed in his reply.
Somewhere safe, my lord.
They avoided the main thoroughfares in town and instead used the back alleys and side streets. Garbage filled in some places, and all the while onlookers gaped at their strange procession.
Wheres the damn police force? one of the guards said, a fit looking man with stern features under his shining helmet.
Were heading for the municipal district, said the sergeant. Theyll be along.
We sent a runner to Peterson, another guard said. Hell know as soon as possible.
Lord Peterson wont make it in time. I dont like this. This isnt random. We need to get Lord Falston locked down now.
They kept jogging along. Cassius was flagging. The overweight official was not built for this type of exertion. Jon felt the same. They stayed together, jostled by the men in metal to all sides. Falston remained calm and in the middle.
Halt!
With shocking abruptness the group stopped. Jon almost smashed into the back of a guardsman. He panted with his hands on his knees. His head rang, his throat was dry, and his breathing wouldnt slow down. The guards looked around and at their sergeant. One of them spoke with him in short, terse whispers off to the side.
Jon took the momentary lull to speak with Cassius. Pardon me, my lord, but do you have a moment?
Sweat beaded down Cassius forehead. He regarded Jon with quizzical patience. He didnt seem to remember who Jon was for a moment, but then he nodded. Yes, what is it, young man?
Jon looked around, afraid to speak out loud. This is wrong. Somethings happening.
Cassius frowned but put on his patient face again. Young man, this is Sea Haven. Violence and melees, even at the market, are commonplace. You took the risk by coming here.
No, listen to me. I know where I am, but thats not what I mean. Right now is wrong.
Cassius thought for a moment and then got Lord Falstons attention. My lord, perhaps we should be moving. Im not sure what this
Moving out! the sergeant said.
Falston gave Cassius an impatient look, and the aide looked embarrassed. Is that all, Cassius? I think we are moving on.
Cassius said nothing further, and Jon grew restless. The desire to leave their group was strong, but there might not have been another chance to speak with Falston or Cassius about the stolen shipments.
They soon reached another section of town with larger buildings, very close to the shipping yard. There were a few tall masts in the distance to the north.
A group of police came down the road in their direction. A dozen strong and the Royal Guardsmen walked towards them. One of the police came forward and spoke with the sergeant for a moment.
Jon couldnt hear everything they said, but it was clear the sergeant wanted some police to join their group. The police were sullen looking men, with brown, padded leather armor. They had clubs and small knives at their belts. Six members of the police agreed to accompany them.
They moved on once more. After a few twists and turns into the heart of the north central portion of the city, where the homes grew more luxurious, the group strayed off the main streets and stayed in the alleys. The police led the way.
Lord Falston became impatient. The middle aged man wasnt in the best physical condition, and though they had stopped jogging, the pace was fast. Gentlemen, this is a circuitous route we are taking. Any particular reason? I demand we move on to my domicile.
The police leader muttered something about it being safer and quicker to move the way they were, and The Royal Guardsmen did not question the tactic. The man sounded confident.
Jon sweated. Wetness suffused his clothes, and his cotton shirt felt heavier and heavier as his head grew light. Jon prayed Zandor still watched his back.
Their group spread out, with the majority of the police in front with The Royal Guard in back. Falstons face lathered in sweat, but the man didnt seem to notice. Cassius wheezed. Jon might have felt pity, but annoyance overrode his empathy.
The police slowed their pace to a simple walk. A moment later, one of The Royal Guardsmen tripped and landed face first on the hard stone. The man didnt even try to arrest his fall. It happened so fast as if some invisible chord in his head had been cut and that was all that stood between him and functionality.
The others soldiers cried out in bafflement. Two knelt by his side. Jon bumped into another as they peered over to look. They rolled him over to his back. The fallen mans eyes stared into nothing, blank as a pane glass window. He was dead.
One soldier turned his neck to the side to reveal a small dart protruding from the skin. The flesh around it was turning green.
Poison!
The rest of them stood up and pulled their swords. The shiny metal scraped against leather scabbards with a sycophantic sound.
Stand tall, men! the sergeant said. They were in ready stances in an instant.
Jon felt a whistle of air swoosh by his ear, and another soldier dropped to the stone. Jon gaped. The other soldiers responded, now only four left including the sergeant.
Move!
Go, go, go!
Their group bolted away down the alley. Jon had never been more frightened in his life. Blood pounded in his ears so hard, it mightve erupted and exploded his brains.
Bodies jostled all around him. The soldiers yelled, with the sergeant giving orders. Jon was impressed by their lack of panic. They sounded frustrated by the lack of preparedness, not afraid of death. They caught up with the police and hoofed onwards. Hard. Falston was more or less carried as he couldnt keep up, and poor Cassius was falling over like a drunken lout. Jon didnt fare much better, and he thought his legs would give in.
The sergeant fell, but it was from his own clumsiness. He rolled and yelled at them to keep moving, that he would catch up. They were all getting tired. Their armor was heavy, and Jon wondered how the soldiers could move at all while wearing it. The police were better off, but fear had a way of both giving and draining energy fast.
Jon had no idea where they were, but they seemed to be moving in the opposite direction as they had before the attack. There were more police than soldiers, and the officers directed them all onwards, down different streets and around gates that surrounded manor homes.
It was darker now. Dusk settled in at some point in their mad dash, and that made it harder to see. Jon wasnt sure if he would stumble first from fatigue or from running into something.
This way! This way! one of the police officers said.
No one else questioned it. They dove down the length of another alleyway, this one dark and ominous. They were glad to have someone take charge after the sergeant had fallen behind. It was easier to let another take responsibility.
Jon wanted to stop and hide somewhere in a corner to sleep. He was so exhausted. That would be better than this. He almost wished he had been downed by one of the poisoned darts. At least the pain would be over.
Something dark and bulky moved down the other end of the alley. It looked like a trash heap. Even in the light provided by the gas powered lanterns, Jon couldnt make out what it was for certain. Regardless, the huge pile of junk fell over, blocking their way any farther.
The men slowed and stared in surprise. They pulled their swords and stood ready for anything. The police leader looked around and waved them to stop.
Hold here, he said.
One of the Royal Guardsmen swore at him. No, you fool! Push through, dammit. They want us to stop. Move it!
The guardsman tried to get them organized and moving again but there was too much confusion. The police argued about going forward, while two other guardsmen argued against them and the city officials and Jon were too fatigued to move. Jon bent over his knees and tried not to collapse to the ground.
Two men behind Jon shouted in dismay, and the clang of metal erupted around him. Before he could turn and see behind him, two black garbed men sprung out from the edge of the alley and attacked the two soldiers guarding the lord governor.
They stood shoulder to shoulder and fought with them as the police took charge of Falston, protecting him once again in a circle of flesh and wooden clubs.
Jon looked out of the corner of his eye and saw a similar fight going on behind him. Jon thought of escape. A guard fought with a couple police. It was possible; he could run down the way they had come and disappear. The decision to do that came, but Cassius grabbed his arm. Jon paused.
We must help Lord Falston. His life and the stability of this town is more important than our own. Please.
Jon stopped short.
The police were beset on all sides by more men. Only three of them but very skilled, and the lord governor was exposed. It dawned on Jon that this was indeed bigger than his own skin.
Taking deep breath, he nodded. Okay. Lets get him out of here.
Feeling refreshed, as if his decision to save a mans life gave him a new found strength, Jon ran to the Lord Governors side and dodged away from the fighting men. He grabbed Falstons arm and tugged him along. Cassius was behind him.
Come with us, my lord, Jon said, but Falston frowned.
But this is
No, my lord, Cassius said. You need to listen to us. We must leave this alley of death. It is not safe, and these men cannot protect you. We must flee.
Jon did not let them argue further and instead pulled the older man by the arm. They ran towards the other end of the alley. They tried to side step the fracas around them, but it was difficult, and one of the black garbed men made a move to intercept them. One of the guardsmen blocked his path and took a cut across his neck for his effort.
Blood spewed.
The guard fell, but he had bought them enough time to get away, and they ran out of the danger area. Jon didnt care which way they went, as long as it was far and fast. Cassius knew where they were, and he told them to turn left at the next gap in the road.
His palace lies there. With luck we may reach help before then. More of his personal guards are stationed there, and maybe they have heard this brouhaha already.
Falston panted so loud, he sounded like a wounded deer shot by arrow that remained sticking out of its flank. Cassius was no better and neither was Jon, so they slowed down without a word between them.
They passed a few people on the street, but they would be no help. They looked like they didnt belong in this neighborhood. They were dirty and wore beggars clothes. The poor looking for a handout in the richer section of town.
Their bedraggled, exhausted party reached the main road where a large group of men stood. Jon felt afraid, but Cassius waved the men forward.
Captain Cubbins! My good man, it is so nice to see the officers of the law working with such amazing diligence in our time of need. Weve run into some trouble as you can tell.
This Captain Cubbins was tall and handsome, with an athletes build and a stern yet childlike, even cherubic face. He stood from his men, the obvious leader among them, and eyed their little party with a neutral expression. Even as Cassius stood there smiling like a fool, he said nothing. Cubbins turned to one of his men, whispered something in his ear. The man nodded and disengaged himself from the group. Jon watched him go with fear gnawing at his belly.
Cubbins looked at Lord Falston. Tell me where your bodyguards are.
Falston looked unhappy. His voice was stern. Captain Cubbins, I have little time to explain the last several minutes of chaos. I am tired. Now, if you would be so kind as to escort us to my home, we can end this annoying night.
Cubbins face was unreadable, and he said nothing for a beat or two. Then he flicked his head at his men and indicated the three castaways.
Come with us, gentlemen, Cubbins said and eyed Jon in particular. All of you.
All of a sudden Jon wished he were back in the alley with the assassins.

Chapter Fourteen
Zandor followed the trail, and though he kept close enough to act, there were reasons to hold back.
First, there were too many enemies, too many separate factions warring back and forth in this nonsense, and it wasnt certain who was with who or what their agendas were. Acting too soon mightve exposed him for little gain, so it was better to wait and see what developed.
Second, Jon had pissed him off the other night, so why not teach the little smart ass a lesson. The little shit would either learn to listen to Zandor or get his dumb ass killed. That was how the veteran agent felt, and that was that.
It had gone about like he expected when bits and pieces of Jons subgroup broke off. He ran from the market when things went to hell. When they hit the alley that last time before the final break between groups, Zandor had seen enough to know a planned ambush when he saw one. This wasnt what any of them expected except him.
Zandor stayed low on a second story balcony, not quite within hearing range of the new group of police and Jon with the politicians, looking on with annoyance. This was the final play.
Falston didnt even argue as the police captain took them away. Perhaps he knew what was happening and thought it was pointless to fight. Perhaps he had nothing left to fight with. Jon, however, fought back, and Zandor felt a strange kind of pride watching him slug one of the officers with a surprising swing.
The young man failed of course. The police knocked him down with a few well-placed blows from their wooden clubs, and then Jon lay still. They trussed him up right then and there with rope like a downed deer.
Zandor rubbed his fingers together, hoping to get a good look at the specific police that did the deed. Anyone would recognize the leader anywhere. The man was much taller and moved like a trained fighter. Zandor made a mental note of it.
Then he decided it wasnt worth it. Someone else was above this, behind this play. But who it was had not been made apparent yet.
Zandor sat back against the rather beautiful balcony interior. The house held an exquisite beauty. The rich marble pillars on the front walkway were massive blocks of cut stone. They were not local, perhaps from some southern city, where the best stone came from. The rest of the house stood out on the neighborhood as the second most extravagant behind the lord governors.
Too bad the security was shit. Zandor could have robbed them with ease. He sat on the balcony without a single guard having seen him once. He sighed and decided to get moving. This neighborhood could be another future endeavor perhaps.
The marketplace would be swarming with soldiers by now, and Zandor needed to see if any of the thieves were about. These temporary allies mightve helped him get Jon back. Zandor felt mild annoyance that his charge had fallen into enemy hands.
If the damn youth had listened to Zandor that night, this wouldnt have happened. Was Zandor being immature? No, for in his mind, it was all a chaotic game. Hed play one side or rallied behind another depending on his interest. That was the only game worth playing.
The nimble man climbed down the side of the manor house, using the thick ivy and being careful not to pull any leaves off on his way down. The best way to use peopleand their homewas to not let them know they were being used.
After hitting the ground, scaling the gate was simple. The gate was built for it, with rungs and nubs every few feet. Suitable for his nimble fingers as they gained purchase in sequence with his feet. Idiots. The metal was black iron and had stupid flowery designed twists and sweeps. They looked lovely but their functionality moronic against thieves.
The street was deserted. Zandor jogged, the only wise way to move in a town like this, straight for the market. He knew some men like himself would take a circuitous route, but he never understood the need. It was a waste of energy for little gain.
It never worked either. If someone were good enough to get you, then it didnt matter what silly tactics you used. If they werent good enough, take no heed from them. Zandors philosophy was to do what he set out to do. Do it, fuck them, forget what they do, and get it done; stay focused on the goal.
A pile of refuse burned on the corner of the next street. It caught his eye because of the total randomness of it. It meant it was arranged on purpose. He hit the next street and kept jogging. Let them come.
Im right here, you shits! He didnt stop running. Come and get me, sons of bitches!
They obliged him. They were the same men who had shadowed Jon and the city officials.
The first pair of attackers came from one side of the next alley. He reached, but of course Zandor already passed that corner because the master assassin hadnt stopped running. They hadnt counted on that since most people would stop and stare at the pretty fire, so the men following him were behind his position.
I got the advantage, boys, he said. One step ahead, no two, cuz I can do what I want now. Make it three!
Stopping and pivoting on his two tip toes, Zandor grabbed two small throwing knives, and in the same motion tossed them towards his pursuers. They had anticipated it; hed counted on that, and ducked aside.
The provocateur didnt bother with another feint, as these men were too good to fall for it, so Zandor kept his hands free and hit the first metal fire escape that was possible to reach. He jumped and grabbed the lowest rung with one hand. With the other he used his momentum to swing around and hook on the balcony closest to the fire escape.
Someone inside the building was in for a surprise! He busted through the window and laid panting on the floor. All was still. His breathing slowed within seconds.
No sound reached his space. The assassins outside werent speaking, perhaps they were signing, but the sound of their shifting bodies rose. The person who lived in the apartment stirred in their sleep. Disturbances werent uncommon in this section of town, and the people wouldnt move until they could comprehend what had happened even if their own domicile was under attack. Zandor used the time to dust off bits of glass on his chest and arms. It hadnt been the most graceful entrance, but it worked.
The assassins shifted again, and they hoofed down the alley. Not bothering to look out, Zandor instead jumped out to the balcony and down the street as fast as he could.
Now he was the chaser. The assassins had gone separate ways which was perfect because handling them one at a time was easier. The trail of the first headed around the south side of the building while the other had gone the opposite way to the north.
It was a simple, classic maneuver designed to surround the pursued person. Theyd underestimated Zandor and had no reason to believe he knew what they did. They thought he was hoofing through the apartment, down the center, and he could use this knowledge.
Judging by the scant evidence on the ground, the distance apart of the footprints, the length of the strides of the individual men involved, Zandor saw that one of them was slower, or shorter. He picked that one first. Sprinting as fast as he could, he headed his way south of the alley.
If Zandor were fast enough, he could catch the man alone. And as he anticipated, there he was, creeping along at a smooth jog, turning the corner to the front of the building. Zandor didnt make a sound. His light feet were nothing more than a whisper, and he pulled a set of throwing knives from his belt.
The first knife hit the man in the side of his neck, but it didnt stick. The second and third struck home in his back, and he turned to feel the threat coming down on him. The would-be killer froze as shock pierced his flesh and ran through his frame, but he was tough enough to live for a few more moments. The dying man landed on his knees, pulled a knife of his own, and made a stab for Zandor. Zandor brought his short sword to the mans head.
It was a somewhat clumsy strike, undignified for Zandors taste. A mere chop across the temple but it got the job done, and the man slumped to the side dead on the street.
The fight wasnt over, and Zandor hadnt thought the mans partner would be so fast, but the glimmer of a knife sailed through the air towards his head. His short sword was ready, and it knocked the first blade out of the air as the man threw another. And another.
One more, and then the man came on strong with a flurry of feints and thrusts that Zandor found hard to counter. He dodged and blocked with every instinctual tool at his disposal. His opponent was very good and pissed off at the loss of his partner. But then the anger played out and to his utter astonishment, Zandor still stood breathing, even counter attacking.
You aint used to boys like me around these parts, huh? Zandor said and made a cut with his short sword designed to disembowel the man, but he missed. Huh? You aint had much of a challenge around here. Ya all got lazy. Pigs! Bunch o amateurs and sissy men round here is all I see.
The man was already upset, and though disciplined, he took the bait and hammered at Zandor with a short sword in an attempt to put him down with one killing blow. It didnt work. Zandor let himself get beaten back into the open street. Nothing to see here folks. Only a couple of guys having a discussion.
The man was good, but his anger was getting the better of him. His cuts were so precise, Zandor almost wished the man was his pupil. But this was not the time for sentimentality. Zandor watched the mans arrangement of attacks, the sequence in which he used certain stabs and slashes, and he took note of the mans footwork.
The master assassin had seen a similar arrangement. He knew who the mans teacher was, and he knew how to counter it by using a varied sequence.
Zandor acted as if his breathing was heavier than it really was and turned aside the blows with the barest of weight. To anyone watching, including his opponent, he would appear to be faltering. An old trick, but Zandor was an old dog.
The man wasnt young, but early thirties was a decade and a half younger than Zandor, so he let his hood fall back so his thin, sweat streaked face showed. The heavy lines on his forehead glistened.
Zandor worked the act up, gulping in extra air he didnt need, and he even dropped his short sword. The man bought it, and when Zandor almost went to his knees, the man jumped forward for the killing blow. But Zandor wasnt where he thought, and instead of landing on his knee to the side, Zandor rolled forward. As the mans momentum carried him towards him, Zandor got his off hand up and his dagger deep in the mans throat.
The look of surprise and sheer disbelief on the assassins face made Zandor laugh as he grabbed the back of the mans head with his other hand. He twisted the knife until it cut all the way across his neck and opened a gush of warm blood.
You werent bad, fella. Not bad at all. He shoved the dying man away and watched him bleed out on the street.
Tell ya one thing, though, he said and wiped the back of his head with his sleeve, Jerrod teaches you boys well.
As well the man should. Zandor taught that bastard everything he knew.

* * * * *

Journal Entry 1155

Several more workers have left the docks and a few at the shipping yards. I fear this is only the beginning. Things do not go well. They get worse by the day, and of course the other day disaster struck the market.

Disaster at the marketplace. Am I overreacting? My manner does not betray me, but I feel the creeping dread crawling in my belly. It cannot be helped. The sways and pulls of the energy at the docks and the market are strong, and I feel them like a captain feels the buoying of his vessel.

It has become clear to me, this thing what Castellan intends. This affair at the marketplace and subsequent missing Lord Governor leads no doubt to me. His plans far outreach his earlier smuggling and minor embezzlement. No, this is something beyond my imagination.

Stealing goods and selling them to outside traders can be understood. It is not the first time during my membership with The Guild an errant merchant or officer among us has attempted that particular ploy. But Castellans ambition is not unexpected. My only surprise is that some, if not all of the Dock Masters have signed off on it.

Such is my navet. Shame, for I believed I was immune to these machinations within my own household. I was a fool, and the meeting, less of a meeting than an introduction, with these two men of the other day is but a precursor to what will come. The scene at the market is proof enough.

More men will come. Men with swords and temperaments suited better for the Southern Docks than a warm room at Madam Drearys. They will come with violence, and the law of the land will be behind them. My Guild, my life, will be at the edge of a complete debacle. They will shut us down, impose an embargo on our operations. What this means for the functionality of the region I cannot fathom, and I do not wish not to think on it.

The Guild, through Castellans auspices, has hired men to oversee the clean-up at the market. Several stalls were destroyed, others damaged enough for the vendors to file claims. Though there is a considerable loss of property and goods, I find the move a case of over doing it. These are dark looking men with swords, not typical of a cleanup crew, not even in Murder Haven. The taboo moniker we so much deserve as a city, a collection of people, here on this page.

Castellan only hopes in staving off complete destruction of our beloved Guild, and yes, I believe this is what we face. It lies in the elimination of the insurrection at our core, but I feel his avarice knows no bounds. He is a true believer. My father told me once that self-righteousness was the most dangerous attribute for a man, and within the personality of my direct supervisor lies the proof.

Our best days are behind us. Master Castellan believes otherwise, but wresting control of a city from its proper rulers is no small feat. Then again, how does anyone gain power but through force? Force of a physical nature, of a judicial nature, and of course a force of will. Castellans will is a thing of surprising strength, but he is but one man. The limitless sinews of politics and city hall take us all.

* * * * *

Castellan paced. An observer might think he had worn a grove in the carpet, and indeed an indentation had developed where his heavy leather boots landed. An obsessive compulsion caused him to rub the crystal necklace over and over again.
The room felt small, smaller than it had a day ago; it was too small. The walls were so close he could feel their presence on him, like a weight pressing down on his body, a virulent disease raiding his insides.
The Arc Lector had said something about space, about increasing his space, no, not increasing, expanding his space, his thoughts and desires. A man without ambition could not serve God in the way the All Mighty deserved. It took a small man to crown himself king. A large man let others place the crown upon his head.
Castellan realized a palpable presence shared the room with him, even in his agitated, dream-like state. Jerrod sat in a chair looking bored. Castellan had enough wherewithal to understand the man wanted to be somewhere else, but his patience had enough jolts of late.
Anger griped Castellan, and he stormed forward so fast, the brute sat up in his chair. His heavy lids snapped open as his chair became unsteady. Castellan pulled up short and steadied himself. He wasnt sure what he intended to do, but the anger was still there.
Is there some pressing engagement that requires your presence?
Jerrod blinked. Nope. This is it, boss.
Yes it is, Castellan said and went back to his pacing. Whats the damage?
Jerrod made a physical gesture that indicated it was nothing important. Containable.
Containable. Castellan mulled over the word, wanting to spit it back at the man. It meant nothing.
Jerrod sniffed and rubbed the stubble on his cheek. His bored expression set Castellan off. He grabbed the chair next to the man, hefted it in both hands, and slammed it to the ground. It splintered into several pieces. Do I have your full attention?!
Jerrod sat up straighter. Yes, sir.
This will be handled. Do you understand me? The ramifications of our involvement would be disastrous. That will not happen.
Their witness is dead, boss. You dont have to worry.
What if they have another? They shouldnt have had one at all. Why are our Guild members speaking out against us?
Who? Cubbins picked them up. Anyone else that knows doesnt matter.
We cant keep Lord Cassius locked up forever, you fool. There are too many snared, too many in our net. Your agents should have separated them earlier. We strain what we have by killing Falston. The city council will ask questions. A delicate hand is needed.
Jerrod scratched his head. Seems to me we kill Falston right in front of that other one. Cassius would do whatever we want. Weve shown him what we can do. If they had made you a member of the council when you asked the first time, this wouldnt have happened.
Castellan was somewhat won over by the use of we.
Youre right, Jerrod. Do it. Teach our Lord Cassius the price of disobedience. Make it very clear our organization will not be denied and not to be trifled with. We must be hard with these men, these nobles, these fools. They do not understand what is needed to govern a city.
Castellan started pacing again. Yes, yes. This is our plan of action. Bah! They should have known better, dealing as they have with us. The Guild is too strong, too entwined with the citys machinations. They shall know this with certainty.
Jerrod didnt look convinced, and Castellan saw him give a sour look, so he stopped pacing and faced the man again. Out with it. Tell me.
Jerrod frowned. The docks. Things are getting pretty tense there, from what my men tell me. Workers dropping out, quitting. Theres so much coming in, the dock masters cant keep up with what they have. The people arent happy with the conditions, havent been for a while. You know that, but what you dont know is that the thieves are trying to rouse them into doing something about it.
Such as?
Jerrod shrugged. I dunno, boss. They got em riled up is all. I think a lot of those thieves we transferred to the docks arent really working there. I think theyre spies.
Castellan didnt like being deceived by these men. It was expected that those in power would do it and resist him, but these commoners should know better. They would fail if they opposed his will. This wouldnt do.
Fine, then, Castellan said. It is time for another hanging. They need to understand the price for opposing us. The people will settle down once they see their fellows going to their Maker.
Jerrod grimaced but held his breath and shrugged. Sure thing. I have to go through Cubbins to arrange it.
Arrange it, then. And do it now. Go this day and make it a double shift. I want twelve men to hang; for the benefit of the city. We must have control! This fighting, this nonsense will ruin everything. These people need to be led, controlled, directed. Why dont they see that? This is the only way to enlightenment.
Castellan began pacing again, thinking and twisting at his necklace. Jerrod regarded him.
Ill take care of it, the large man said. Dont worry about a thing.
Castellan almost scoffed but controlled his disdain. The crystal felt warm in his hand. See that you do. I have other pressing matters to attend to. You will meet me at the jail later this afternoon. I wish to oversee the cowing of Lord Cassius and the execution of Lord Falston. Good bye.
Jerrod grunted and left. Castellan finished up a few details relating to the Guild on his desk and went outside. A few of his guards went with him but only Captain Lance Peyton and three others. The day was warm, and the sky clear. The wind ruffled his wavy black hair like a lovers hands.
The docks were a bustle of activity. The entourage went to Mal Dollengers office, the Dock Master who ran Piers One, Two and Three. He was the nominal leader of the entire Western Dock and one of the highest ranking Guild members.
The man was middle aged and tall but bent over, always huddled at his desk. Dollenger rose, however, when Castellan entered and looked at him with a mixture of fear and surprise.
Master Castellan. To what do I owe this visit?
Sit down, Master Dollenger.
The Dock Master did so without a word, crestfallen. I know why youre here, Im not unobservant. Things are bad here. We are trying to coordinate with the police. Cubbins has sent more men to help with security, but there are too many ships coming in. This is the busy time of year, Castellan, as you know. High summer.
Castellan strolled around the office, noting the dusty shelves, scattered piles of papers, and other flotsam and jetsam from the mans day to day work. It was messy.
Take a page from our dear Muldors book and clean this place up. You should be more organized, Mal. In fact, I order it. This dishevelment will be your undoing, I promise you. Also, you are to pick six appropriate trouble makers, men who have spoken the loudest about the working conditions, and have them arrested. They are to be hanged. Whoever is your choice.
As he was about to leave, Castellan turned back and stared at Dollenger. I hear talk of a workers union, and I shudder. If anything like that happens, I shall hold you and the other Dock Masters responsible.
Castellan left the office. The offices of the other four Dock Masters saw similar ultimatums. Castellan used different tones for each individual man. Some, like Dollenger and Lawson, the latter a young, brash man, were easy to cow and all that he needed was to be stern enough to get their attention.
Others, like Crocker, were old fighters and argued with him about too much intimidation being bad for morale, but Castellan brokered no further delay. Maggur was his contact, his true contact, here at the docks, and their conversation was nothing more than relaying details to one another. Maggur would keep the other Dock Masters on point.
Becket fawned over Castellan, telling him he would work harder and harder every day to ensure the Guilds best interests were at the forefront of his jobs duties. Castellan knew the man was ambitious. Perhaps he would replace Maggur at some point down the line when the older man had fulfilled his usefulness.
Later Castellan went to the jail, a long building with an outer courtyard that housed the extra flow of inmates when the interior was filled. Inside was a desk to the right of the main foyer, with rough stone all around, and scatterings of dirt on the floor. He ordered the desk sergeant for a turnkey to accompany him.
To the left was the iron shod door that led to the first line of cells. The hallway went far back enough to be lost in darkness even with torches hugging the space between cells. The way was cramped, and the cells had open bars instead.
Cubbins had said once it was because he preferred to see the prisoners if he needed to, without having to stand so close to the door and peer into the gap at top.
Castellan and his guards went to a different section, up high at the third and top floor. Inside a small cell sat Lord Cassius huddled on a bed. Castellan told the jailor and his guards to leave, and the man locked the door on the way out.
The politician raced to him, his hands on his sides, looking as frightened as a wayward child. What is the meaning of this? I demand to be released this instant! Where is the Lord Governor? I demand to see him. Master Castellan, I am warning you, there will be repercussions.
Castellan smiled and patted his shoulder. Calm yourself, my lord. This is for your protection. We have reason to believe the attack made against your party was planned and orchestrated by some very dangerous individuals. We fear they have not stopped hunting for you. You cannot go back to your place of residence at this time.
Cassius had been weeping. Castellan could tell by his red eyes and damp cheeks, though he had tried to hide it.
The Deputy Lord Governor stood straight. Master Castellan, I have been here for almost two days, and I order you, by the power vested in me by the ruling council of this city, this kingdom, by which our majesty the king has bestowed upon us, to release me this instant and to allow me to see the Lord Governor Falston.
Castellan smirked and chuckled. He walked over to the window looking down at an alley where trash piled about. It wasnt much of a view.
Lord Governor, ruling council, power vested to you. Hmm. All these titles mean nothing. Do you know what means more? he said and turned back. Fear. Fear means more than lofty titles and handpicked successors. Fear keeps a man working a job he loathes. Fear keeps a woman from leaving a man that beats her. None of you nobles ever worked for anything. Fear keeps people in line, not your laws.
Cassius breathed out. Is that what you want, Castellan? Do you want me to be afraid? Well, you have succeeded. I am afraid. Does this satisfy you? Now, please, allow me to see the Lord Governor.
Castellan smiled. Granted.
He banged the back of his armored elbow against the wall, and the door to the cell swung open. In walked Jerrod dragging a bound and gagged Lord Falston behind him. The Lord Governor had seen better days. His face was bruised and bleeding. His eyes were wild.
Cassius moved towards him but Jerrod gave him a glare that froze him in his tracks. Castellan smiled at that. The brutal man had his uses. In fact, he might be the most feared man in the city. Jerrod shoved Falston down to his knees and stood behind him. The jailor shut the door and locked it.
Now, Castellan said and began pacing again, let me demonstrate what I mean about fear, Lord Cassius. Perhaps then you will understand your situation better.
The Guild Master flicked his eyes to Jerrod, and the man pulled his sword. Cassius gasped and stepped back while Falston struggled to move away, but the large man was too fast. He chopped his sword into the side of Falstons head like an axe into a tree, and the Lord Governors eyes went wide.
Blood spurted from the wide gash deep into the skull. Falston fell forward, but Jerrod grabbed the top of his hair and held him there. His body spasmed in death throes. Jerrod pulled the sword out and placed it on the center of his throat. He pulled it across and almost cut his head off, it went so deep. The metal blade scraped the bone of his spine.
Cassius quailed and whimpered. Jerrod kicked the slack body forward and Lord Governor Falston hit the ground face first, already dead. Blood poured out and covered the floor at Cassius feet.
There, Castellan said and stepped over to stand by Jerrods side. Though he was a tall man, he was half a head shorter than the imposing assassin. How afraid do you feel now, Lord Cassius? Is your fear sufficient? Is it motivating? Do you require further evidence of the Guilds strength and your role in the upcoming conflict? If so, I can provide you with it.
The only answer Cassius gave was to soil himself. That was enough for Castellan.

* * * * *

The shackles chafed his wrists. The metal was thick, heavy, and unnecessary. Even without it, Jon could not have escaped the jail on his own. The chain above his head was pulled tight so that his hands strung over his head. His shoulders ached, and his wrists burned from the heavy metal digging into his skin.
After the first few minutes, he thought it would be over soon. The men would come in, undo his wrists and at least let him relax on the small cot to the side of his cell. But they didnt. Not even after several hours passed. There might be permanent damage from the awkward position. His joints could never be the same.
Dried blood collected on his, wrists and no doubt a hefty scar would remain; that was assuming he were ever let go. There was no guarantee.
His body was already so weary from the exertion of the previous days adventure that the pain from the shackles threatened to drive him mad. His shoulders drained of all energy and muscular strength. He sagged on the chains which only caused the metal to dig deeper into the skin. Most of the time the young man was forced to grasp the chains above the shackles and hold his body up. But Jon could only hang there for so long, and then the inevitable muscle exhaustion set in. He dropped once again into biting pain.
His mind became weary as well. His mental fortitude, so strained by the last several days, crumbled and fell away like dried leaves. Despair took its place in his heart. Jon thought he had reached the absolute limit of human endurance. This wouldve been his bottom. The bottom, however, was much farther down.
They hadnt given him a latrine break since he arrived. He had pissed in his pants. It was degrading, like an animal. There was no reason to treat him like this, no reason to keep him locked down. The chamber pot stared at him from the corner, but it was too far way.
Jon was famished as well. His hunger grew to a dull blot in his belly. It gnawed and tingled until he went numb to it. But even the thought of stale bread made a small groan escape his lips. The idea he might starve to death here in the jail took hold and grew stronger as the minutes turned to hours and perhaps days. He couldnt be sure.
It seemed like years. He didnt think he could sleep because the pain was too great. Whenever he slouched enough to drift, the ache in his wrists became too much to bear, and he shot awake again.
So he yelled. Yelling at the door for several attempts yielded a break as they allowed him to sit for a little while on the bench. He even ate. The meal wasnt as bad as expected, and the water felt tremendous on his tongue.
Perhaps things were not as bad as he feared.

* * * * *

They got em all, Zandor said. Giorgio took the news well. It wasnt much of a surprise to any of them anyway.
The rumors were out there. The lord governor killed in an assassination attempt, Lord Cassius taken to a safe location somewhere far away in order to protect him. Some other foreign dignitary taken to jail under claims that he was a spy. Exaggeration of course. Jon was no dignitary.
They sat together in a dark room, windows covered, and knives ready. Marston paced back and forth near the door. The elite thief was agitated, and Giorgio grew worried over his loyalty. This entire enterprise had grown larger and more dangerous than any of them had anticipated.
Giorgio hadnt slept since the market massacre two days prior, much too distraught over the loss of their witness. Theyd gone through a lot of trouble getting the man and a confession out of him. Now that was all gone. They had nothing.
The young thief felt twitchy and nervous. Exhausted. They should have been over by now. The city council would listen to the evidence, take away control of the thieves from the merchants, and life would go back the way it had been since before Giorgio was born. Now they had the wrath of these foreigners to contend with. Zandor was a representative who did not hide his feelings on the matter.
You better help me get him back, Zandor said. My boss aint gonna like that hes been captured because of you folk. This aint good.
We know where theyre holding him, Giorgio said. Thats something.
Marston scoffed from his position and came forward into the room. The candle light flickered across his angry features. Like that matters. It wont do us any good if we cant get in. Its hopeless.
Fine talk for an Elite. Thought you were supposed to be the best, capable of anything. Ive heard tell some stories.
Oh stop it. Doesnt do us any good. Im not a child. You cant make feel
Listen, fellas, Zandor said and tapped the table with the pommel of his dagger. You all took your shot. It was a risk, but it didnt work out. Most times they dont, in your position. But thats over. Arguing like little girls aint getting us nowhere.
Giorgio stormed to his feet; his frustration spilled over. If you have an idea, then lets hear it. You come in here dropping veiled threats about your people coming to make amends for Jons capture, but I dont hear any solutions.
The tension in the room jumped in an instant, but Zandor looked calm, always so damn calm. He looked Giorgio up and down and nodded. Good. Keep that kick in your gut, youll need it. Yeah, I got an idea. We hafta do what these merchant fellas have done and use someone on the other side to help.
Marston furrowed his brow. What do you mean they used someone on the other side? You sayin one of us is a traitor?
The crowd of thieves murmured and bubbled. Giorgio saw young Anders fidget, his pride stung.
Zandor frowned and sighed. No, you blasted git. The police. The guild has em all wrapped up in their fingers. You think they could get a hold of the lord governor without help from them? No, they couldnt. They paid someone off, someone high up, and thats that.
Giorgio cursed. He put his fist under his chin and thought. The others murmured and spoke amongst themselves. They rumored on who it could be. Cubbins or Dillon, his lieutenant, came up the most. It didnt surprise them. They were all corrupt or corruptible.
Giorgio looked back at Zandor. So who do we get to play for our side?
Zandor smiled and leaned back in his chair, looking as comfortable as if he were on a summer barge enjoying a sip of wine. I was thinkin that friend of yours, Giorgio. That Muldor guy youve known for so long. He could be convinced to help us out with Jon.
Giorgio eyed him long and hard. Howd you know that? Wait. I dont care. Its true. Weve known each other for a long time, friends from when we were kids. We cant use him because he wont turn. His life is the merchants guild. He would never do anything to harm them.
Well, then, we just gotta convince him otherwise.
The statement was so firm yet nonchalant. It no doubt told Zandors intentions. Giorgio knew the man well enough, even in these scant weeks together, to know what he meant. The others agreed.
Yeah, Marston said. Muldor would have access to everything. Hes Castellans closest advisor, his right hand. He could get into the police station, and somehow its a plan, Gi.
The young thief said nothing while the others stated their opinions. He stared at Zandor who in turn stared back. There was no harshness in his eyes, only a matter of fact air of rigidity.
And what will you do? he said to Zandor. What part will you play?
Im going back to Janisberg. I have to make a report in person. My boss is expecting me. Then I can bring the full force of their might with me if all goes well. Thats what youll need, in the end, to bring the guild down.
Giorgio paid attention to what words he used, and the meaning was clear. The threat hung there between them. What youll neednot us. If they didnt get Jon out, Janisbergs reprisal would be swift and sure.
They would have two enemies to contend with. The Thieves Guild was already strained and reeling. The members were stressed to the breaking point. Giorgio felt it, in himself, in the people around him, and in the looks they gave him. But then his pride stirred something deep in his mind.
He faced Zandor. You arent from here. We have something left to us we can use. Ill get him out and speak with Muldor. Youre right, he is an old friend. Ill get him to turn.
You think Muldor will listen to you? Marston said. Why would he? His loyalties lie elsewhere. He wont risk outing himself from the guild to help anyone. He let his cousin hang for them, remember? Why would he hang himself for some foreigner?
Zandor focused on Giorgio. Marston makes a valid point. How will you turn him to your side?
Dont worry about that. How and what will you do when you report back? What will happen? How long will it take?
Yeah, yeah, I get your question. Look, pal, I aint too sure about all that myself. Could be they come in force, that would be the best case, and maybe they come with another smaller group to investigate further. I think I know a way to convince the Magistrate it would be in their best interest to come with some strong boys and some ships. Considering your guild here has taken one of our dock masters captive and plans to hang him is worthy of notice.
Then do it, Giorgio said and felt good taking charge of the situation. Being aggressive had a way of giving him strength and confidence. Marston, get a few of us together and well go to Muldors. And Zandor, go now and hurry back with help. Can you get them here fast?
Zandor seemed happy. Thats what I like to hear. Yeah, I can get them. I think Janisberg has a bit of a chip on their shoulder about this place anyway. Success breeds jealousy.
That was all Giorgio could ask for.

* * * * *

The smell of brine and seaweed hung heavy in the air, more so than normal. Shouts of working men, supervisors directing traffic, and others laughed about anything that struck them as amusing, filled the air around the docks.
Muldor didnt take notice of anything out of the ordinary. It was only another day, much like the day before, and the day before that. The drudgery was his constant companion. He would go mad without it, such was his life.
The most important aspect of this particular insanity was that Muldor did not realize his steady diet of the routine gave him his only sense of accomplishment. The Guild man relied on the normalcy of his work.
Summer brought problems to the docks, Western and Southern alike. His responsibilities caused him to come in contact with them almost every day. Heavy tides pushed into the western side but most of the break waters and flood stanchions caused a lot of build up towards the shipping yards and Southern Docks.
Rains during the summers were oftentimes worse than the other seasons, and Muldor kept his water-logged cloak tight about his shoulders. There was no reason to complain.
Hey! Hey, Muldor! Over here!
Muldor flicked his eyes over. Two men waved their arms and shouted, so the stoic man sauntered over.
The tide brought with it ponderous amounts of water, but the wind also pounded it against the side of the boardwalk. Pier Seven was taking a beating, twisting and turning along its length like a drunken cyclone.
Muldor, sir, one of the men said. He was a short, squat version of Muldor, with thick hair that hung over his eyebrows. He pointed to a twisted mass of misshapen wood. We been trying to lift it outta the water all day, but the beams keep snapping, sir. We cant fix it right.
Muldor studied the situation while more men came over to stand with the others. The solution wasnt going to be simple.
It must be rebuilt, Muldor said. I will send someone to inform the engineers at the shipping yards. Shut down Pier Seven. I will inform Dock Master Crocker. We will reroute the traffic to Eight and Nine.
Very good, sir. Were on it.
Muldor told them to post the requisite signs detailing his orders and put up the chains that would block egress onto the dock. It would keep things safe there as well. The pier was hazardous and trespassers would be wise to avoid it for the time being.
Visiting Melvin Crocker was not pleasant as the Dock Master was unhappy about transferring the extra load to his other docks. The old curmudgeon yelled at Muldor for several minutes. Muldor took the abuse with silence and instructed him to divert a percentage to the other docks and coordinate with Mal Dollenger, the nominal leader among the nine piers.
Another matter to contend with caught his eye as he left the office; towards the nearest warehouse, several men stood outside. Someone had spilled a large box, and the contents sprawled all over the boardwalk. The water and wind destroyed the perishables with every passing second.
Sacks of grain, split open by the seams, scattered all over. Muldor felt a flush of frustration that such a simple thing required his attention. Several men tried their best to clean it up, but it was difficult going. The boardwalk was wet and treacherous.
Another box suffered the same fate, but this one was, had been, filled with bottles. Muldor smelled the strong tang of alcohol in the air, some kind of exotic whiskey.
You men, he said to the ones standing there gawking like schoolchildren. Get a cart and the bill of lading for this shipment. I wish to know its warehouse assignment.
Its this one here, sir, one man said to him and pointed to the warehouse behind them.
Muldor nodded and asked its routing destination, but no one knew what it was. They got the cart and went to work. Crocker came out then, ornery as ever. He yelled at the men and looked at Muldor with questioning eyes. Muldor explained the situation, but Crocker got even more upset and asked one of his aides where the damn bill of lading was.
They cleaned it up but it was not easy. Rain came down in full force, with big fat drops smacking them and the punishing the boardwalk. Muldor ordered some dock workers to go to the storage shed and get the tarps to put down. It would give them better traction, and he hoped they could avoid any more accidents. It took a long time to cart the rolled up tarps, and Muldor supervised the entire process.
As he watched, he pulled out his accounting book and made some notes. The specific workers who moved the tarps were not on their regular shifts. It was necessary to get them a bonus rate for their time, and the Dock Master in charge. They arranged the tarps, so they covered the entire width and breadth of two of the warehouses. The third was already full for the day, but it was difficult work and time consuming.
It grew late. The warehouses continued to fill. The orders , the specific set of goods collected, were sent out to the various merchants on call in the city, and representatives for foreign markets were relayed and given to the men who waited on them, hoping to get their needs fill with the days imports.
Muldor knew they wouldnt get many orders filled because of the late hour, but he also knew the Dock Masters would keep many of the men on duty. They were willing to pay the overtime wages because their bonuses would kick in based on how many orders were filled from their warehouses.
This was when the Dock Masters got involved, here late in the day, and they waited for buyers in the fluttering light on the boardwalk. Muldor had become a secondary participant. His duties encompassed the entirety of the operation, not the specific interactions of the goods from seller to buyer to market, foreign or otherwise. Most of his job was done for the day.
He wondered if he should stay and see if it were possible to catch them in the act, if it were possible to witness the under the table transactions that would doom them all in the end. It was doubtful it happened here in the open. Castellan was too shrewd.
Not so shrewd that the books balanced the way they should, but smart enough to keep it where only someone in Muldors position could see it. Of course the people the Guild stole from could notice. That was why men came and asked questions. Muldor knew they wouldnt stop.
Back towards his office, the Guild man passed by a few stranglers on the way. Men would stay near the docks, drinking, smoking, talking to themselves and laughing at times at some internal joke. They had nowhere else to go for the time being, even in inclement weather. Some of them thought they might pick up some extra work if a buyer came and needed a few extra bodies to load up their goods or a few guards to ensure a safe transport. The merchants paid better at night.
Hey there. Hey, Muldor!
The man came forward, his pipe a small red dot in the darkening area behind the docks. Come join us for a drink. Rains stopping. Come have some drink to warm you up.
Muldor gave a wane smile but kept walking. Enjoy your evening, gentlemen.
They returned the salutation and watched him move on. Inside his office something had changed. The air was too warm. He never let the fireplace stay lit during the day, even some days in winter. But there it was, a roaring fire pumped smoke up the chimney. Muldor stepped in and closed the door behind him.
Shouldnt be out in a night like this, Muldor. Bad for your health.
Muldor recognized the voice from the darkness. I find it amusing so many people are so concerned with my health, Muldor said and hung his damp cloak by the wall. May I offer you a drink, my friend? I know your health is not what it once was.
Giorgio scoffed and came forward into the light. His voice sounded gruff and tired. Since when do you care about my health? You know, weve known each other long time. Been here in this city all our lives.
I see youve already begun your drinking for the evening. Is there anything you need?
Giorgio shifted from where he sat on Muldors couch. I knew your cousin, Sam Carver. He was a good man that worked hard to provide for his family. Carver didnt deserve to be murdered by your boss.
Few who face the gallows do in this city. You know that. It wont change.
His family was torn apart. All dead. You didnt kill them, the city did. Theyre dead. In the orphanage or missing. Marissas missing, you know that? Well never see her again. Giorgio sounded like he was on the verge of weeping. You know the orphanage. Theyll go crazy or kill themselves, at least they should. No chance.
Muldor stepped closer and faced him. What happened to Carvers family is a tragedy, and I will live with it for the rest of my days. I did all I could for them.
Giorgio stood. All of a sudden his despondent nature evaporated. His chest heaved. You didnt do a damn thing to help him! You saw him dragged away to the hangmans noose and watched them kill him. For nothing! For your boss and his damn scheme. Lives are ruined, Muldor. Youre as much to blame as Castellan.
Muldor took a deep breath and backed away. He put some water in the pot above the fire. Is that why youve come, Giorgio? To lay down further guilt upon my conscience? Youve succeeded. Is there anything else you wish to burden me with?
Giorgio came closer, and in the light of the fire Muldor saw a desperate man, thin, even gaunt, with haggard features and haunted eyes. He looked like a ragged scarecrow pulled off its stand. Small cuts marred his hands, and a few bloodied bandages covered his forearms. I came here to give you a chance to redeem yourself.
Muldor looked his former colleague up and down with concern in his eyes. You need food and rest. Whatever role you have chosen in this affair does not suit you. I will help you recover, if you wish.
Giorgio came closer, and for the first time ever, Muldor was afraid of his friend. The haggard thief looked like a wounded jungle cat, ready to pounce and kill at the slightest provocation. We have a chance here. Circumstances have come into play to bring this thing to an end. We can have what we had before and get our lives back.
Muldor looked at him with sadness. No, my dear friend. You and your brothers and sisters have changed everything. You cannot go back the way it was. The damage is irrevocable. They will not allow the Thieves Guild to function as it did.
Giorgio steeled his gaze. You can help us. You must help us.
Im getting you a drink while the water boils. We can have tea in a bit.
Muldor turned to the liquor cabinet on his wall, but Giorgio followed and grabbed his wrist hard. His skin was dirty and coarse, like a metal file and as strong as a vice. No, you listen to me now. Youre not turning your back again. Your apathy has done enough damage.
Muldor flexed his forearm and gave Giorgio a look that informed him he had his attention. He was half a foot taller than the rogue thief and fifty or sixty pounds heavier. If Giorgio was intimidated, there was no sign, but he released the arm.
His gaze didnt waver. Only you can help us now. Were lost if you dont. This is our chance, and providence has put you, one of us, into position to do something about it.
Muldor softened his stance. His heart went out to the pathetic shell of a man he once knew so well. Things would only worsen for Giorgio, for all the thieves. Even regular persons that chose to resist Castellan were not safe. That included Muldor.
And what is it you think I can do for you? Muldor said and looked back to the hot water pot. More than tea was needed, but it would have to do for now.
They have him, Giorgio said. This kid from Janisberg. You met him the other day. Hes smart and connected. They will kill him, like your cousin, and itll be by your hands. You are a part of this thing. Youre Castellans man.
And what, please tell me, am I to do about it? Your people could plan a raid on the jail much better than I. This weather gives me a frightful stiffness of the joints. I cannot help you, even if I desired it.
Youre wrong, Muldor. You can help us. You have access because of your position in the guild. You could get in.
Muldor smirked. And then what? I get in, and the two of us stroll out of the jail? Wonderful plan. I expected better from the likes of you.
Quit being a smart ass, Muldor! We could help you, itd be a joint plan. With your position and power in the guild, it would open some doors. We could make it work.
I trust you, Giorgio, but not your judgment. What happens after we free him? This will put an immediate end to the hostilities between your Guild and mine? Will that work?
Itll be better than doing nothing, which is what you have been doing. Listen, this is potential disaster for all of us. Janisberg will come down hard, you hafta know that! Castellan has lost his mind. Hell kill Falston and Cassius too.
Muldor frowned. Now I know you arent yourself. I will make that tea and add something extra for your trip home.
Giorgio said nothing, but Muldor could feel his eyes upon his back. He poured a cup of steaming water over some leaves and then looked around for something stronger.
Castellan has the police on his side, Giorgio said. And the city watch. Bet you didnt know it, but Raul is his man now and soon will have the rest of the city council under his control. The city will be his. People will suffer, and it will be on you.
And what can this man Jon do about that? Muldor said and turned back to his friend. If the city is lost, what can one man do?
He can bring back a fleet, an entire army. We cant win without it.
The Guild has hired mercenaries. Thousands of them. We will have plenty of protection against invaders, even an entire army.
Giorgios face grew dark. I knew it. Bastard crooks, all of em. Every single one of you gits stealing from everyone else.
I will take such a statement from a professional thief with the touch of irony it deserves.
Whatever, Muldor, Giorgio said and rubbed his haggard face. The Thieves Guild has honor. We have tradition. We live by a code.
And this is the very reason you have lost. Castellan has no such handicaps and does what he wants. He has not a care in the world for the rules governing your organization. The Guild Master will do whatever it takes to win.
Giorgio growled. We havent lost anything, you stubborn bastard! Well fight till the last of us drops, believe it.
The dejected thief turned to leave, but Muldor called him back. Tell me, my troubled friend, what does this man Jon mean to you? What difference does it make? Why him?
Giorgio relaxed for a moment, and then he chuckled. You know, I asked myself the same question. At first I didnt know the answer. Then I thought about how I could use his connections to fight your guild. Then I thought this poor man is just some lost fool that needs our help. Thats enough for me right now. It would be for you if you werent so far gone. It would be for you years ago, before you lost yourself.
His lost friend left, and all of a sudden Muldor was alone, more alone than ever before.

-END
Begin book two, Gallows Pole, now!
EXCLUSIVE OFFER!
By reading this novel you qualify to receive FREE and Reduced price ebook offers from Writers Edge Publishing directly to your inbox! If that werent enough, every month a winner is chosen at random from our mailing list to win a $200.00 Amazon gift card. To sign up for these exclusive offers, simply follow the link below and enter your name and email address. In less than 15 seconds you are entered to receive exclusive offers and the chance to win our drawing each and every month! Any information received will never be shared with a third party, and emails are periodic and as such will not overcrowd your inbox. 
Sign up now

Other Books by Will Molinar
* * * MURDER HAVEN SERIES* * *
Den of Thieves
Gallows Pole
Deaths Reckoning
Rogues Gallery
Lair of Killers
About The Author
Will Molinar was born in Indiana. After graduating from Indiana University in 1999 with a B.A. in English, Will moved to Los Angeles to write screenplays. During this time, he wrote and published seven Gothic Fantasy novels. He also met his wife and after they married, moved to New York City to pursue other goals, including recording a voice over demo and having their first child. The Murder Haven series combines his love for both the macabre and criminal genres.
Will served in the United States Army Reserve as a combat engineer and medic. He has also competed in natural bodybuilding contests and has worked as a personal trainer since 2003.

