The Midland Mutiny 
by jay royston

2015



Smashwords Edition



Other stories by jay royston;
Enter A Fistful of Marijuana
Stoner, Unincorporated
Tuesdays at Three


License Notes; All rights reserved. Any names or similarities between anyone living or dead are entirely coincidental except for Midland itself, which I realized after the fact was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut's Breakfast of Champions, (not the breakfast cereal). Any reproduction of this book for the purposes of making a profit without sending me a royalty is widely frowned upon. Books make great presents, friends and help you look smarter in public. Special thanks to the critics at Reddit who helped provide feedback as I was writing this. 
This book is also available in print at most online retailers.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1 - The Editor in Chief
Chapter 2 - Police Chief For a Day
Chapter 3 - The New Mayor
Chapter 4 - The Radio Station Guy
Epilogue

Chapter 1
The Editor In Chief

Ironically, the end of contemporary journalism and the fall of a local government came about because of a typo. When the Midland Times Sentinel ran their vanity-induced 'Local Leadership' contest for the townspeople of Midland, USA it was to be in good fun, an attempt to invoke more civil spirit into a city that was becoming more fractured along lines of race, income and neighbourhood.
It sounded like a good idea at the time. The newspaper was to hold an 'Editor for a Day' contest in the spirit of community goodwill which was in tandem with Midland City Council's 'Be the Mayor for a Day' and the local fire department's 'Be a Fire Chief for a Day'. That needed to be changed when the Fire Chiefs role was determined, in the name of public safety, to be too important to be raffled off. Instead, after much searching the local radio station (92.3 The Squid!) offered up the role of Station Director to fill in for the Fire Chief. Last on board was the Police Chief who objected on purely a 'gut feeling' but upon orders from the Mayor acquiesced to having his position be raffled off with the understanding that a portion of the ticket proceeds going to the Policeman's Widow's Fund. This was particularly important as the Chief would occasionally tap into the Fund when paying for hotel rooms the next town over which he shared with the Mayors wife. 
The four winners were announced with great fanfare on Community Spirit Day in front of a crowd of just about two dozen seniors gathered for a free breakfast at the Midland Community Center. Nobody knew the winners, which wasn't unusual, there was little in the way of public celebrities in Midland once you discounted real estate agents. The winners came to the podium as they were announced. They smiled and shook hands with the Mayor before going to stand beside their allotted Career for a Day mentors. Once all were introduced, the photographer of the Midland Times Sentinel took a group picture then hurried off to the buffet table to grab some sausages to stuff in his pockets for his 3 children at home. He took them to supplement his food budget; sausages being a casualty of his low pay and artistic ambition as the newspaper only paid per published picture.
There was little to distinguish the winners from any other typical winner of a community raffle. They smiled uncomfortably to the room of bored, hungry and impatient seniors before they were allowed to leave, each given a manila envelope explaining their roles and expectations the following week on Community Leaders Day. Everyone went back to their usual routines, unaware that in seven days everything was to change. 

It was a Tuesday morning when Ray Blazer entered the Midland Times Sentinel building. He was greeted with a friendly hello from Alice, the all-purpose receptionist who told him to take a seat; the Sentinel's editor, Stephen Caliente, would be out to greet him shortly. Ray sat down in an uncomfortable school chair. Alice glanced over occasionally to him as Mr. Caliente delayed his entrance. Ray wasn't unexpected but it was Mr. Caliente's way with people to make them wait, even if he was doing nothing. He felt it established the appropriate power dynamic before he even met anyone. 
 Alice felt a bit bad for the contest winner. There wasn't much he was going to be doing today other than read a lot and watch as everyone went about their business of making the daily paper. Mr. Caliente's job consisted mostly of email conversations, phoning people he wanted to talk to and avoiding those he didn't. Most of the real work was done by his associate editor, Wilford Hall anyways.  There would be a few photos taken of the man 'behind the scenes' but tomorrow it would be business as usual in the world of Midland journalism.
"My apologies, he should be right out," she said, as she often did whenever someone was to meet Mr. Caliente.
"You like your job?" asked the man. For some reason, the question made Alice guarded. She couldn't place why, it was an expected question. Maybe it was because if she were to take a real look at him and not just see him as an accompaniment to the furniture she would have noticed he didn't look anxious at all for a man in his position considering he was in an unfamiliar environment and about to be 'Editor In Chief' of the Times Sentinel.  He was dressed as someone you might expect to serve you at a locally-owned hardware store and wore work boots, the kind that said were more for practicality than for fashion. 
Before she answered, Stephen Caliente emerged from the back, nineteen minutes after nine. He was a middle-aged man with a graying beard and dark-framed glasses which he thought gave him a more professional look. In truth it made him look as if his head was too small for his body but nobody had the audacity to say that to him. He smiled condescendingly at Ray, mistakenly believing him to be a delivery driver for the local FedEx, a life-long resident of Midland and supporter of the local football team. This was all in his bio given in the newspaper describing the winners and was only 2/3's true. The last fact was just assumed as everyone was considered a supporter of the local football team if their name was in the paper. Caliente didn't know anything more about Ray, having only met him at the handshake for the breakfast announcements and photo op. He left all other particulars to the contest organizers. 
As far as Caliente was concerned, the day would be relaxing. He would give Ray a tour, let him sit in on the daily editorial meeting, allow him to give some suggestions as to local stories for the evening's community arts addition and let him pick on the design layouts for the special Community section that he already pre-approved. He would also write a guest editorial that was pretty by the numbers - Wilfred had already written it and all this local had to do was read and sign it. By eleven, he would leave Ray in the hands of Wilfred to watch the news feeds while he went to have lunch and golf with the other deposed leaders of the community and compare notes and laughs on their replacements. 
"Hi, Mr. Blazer," he said, "welcome to the Midland Times Sentinel. This must be a big day for you."
He stuck out his hand. The man stood up and Caliente noticed with slight discomfort that the man was a few inches taller than him and much broader in the shoulders. 
"Big day for you," was Ray Blazer's reply. And that was it. He didn't offer his hand. 
Caliente smiled uncomfortably and took back his hand.
"Yes, well... let's give you the tour; later Chris will take our picture so if you will just follow me." 
Caliente noticed that Ray seemed unusually quiet during the orientation and introductions to various department heads and a few of the young and underpaid reporters that were in the building who had yet to build up enough seniority to work from home. He chalked it up to nerves. He remembered what it was like when he had his first newspaper job thirty years ago; back before the Internet became what it was today. Newspapers used to be buzzing hives of productivity. Today, it was more an outsourced job of content management. 

After the orientation, he turned to Ray.
"So, you have any questions?" he asked, smiling in what he assumed to be genuine but was more condescending in delivery.
"You done?" asked Ray, sticking with his established pattern of asking questions no more than three words in length.
"That's it. You are now officially Editor in Chief of the Midland Times Sentinel. Congratulations!" he said, smiling, smiling smiling.
"Finally." Ray pulled out a cell phone, typed a text message before putting it back in his pocket.
"Updating your Facebook? Don't blame you, big day." smiled Caliente, "must be better than moving boxes."
"Do you mind coming with me to the front door." Ray said. It was the most words he had put together so far. If Caliente was on top of his game he would have noticed it wasn't a question.  Instead, Caliente was already wondering if the other leaders had similar simpletons replacing them. 
"Not at all," he said, "this place can be a bit confusing a first but you will get the hang of it. We are going to be having our editorial meeting in about ten minutes. I'm guessing you want some fresh air, let it all sink in."
Ray said nothing. Caliente was a bit confused as to the policeman and another man standing in the front entrance. He looked over to Alice for some assistance but she only shrugged. 
"Mr. Caliente," said the man, and Caliente recognized him for what he was, a lawyer. "You are ordered to leave the premises of the Midland Times Sentinel. You are under orders to not appear within 500 yards of the Times Sentinel or have any contact with anyone employed by the Times Sentinel. This order is effective immediately."
"What?" he said.
Ray Blazer spoke and with every word Stephen Caliente realized he was in the presence of a man more cunning than he ever dreamed of. 
"Mr. Caliente, you are hereby banned from the Midland Times Sentinel, by the power vested in me as Editor-In-Chief of the Times Sentinel."
"What?"
The lawyer spoke again, handing him a large sheaf of papers. Caliente knew instantly they were legal in nature and being as such, signified nothing but a giant headache trying to read. Anything legal went over to Wilfred, who would then decipher and summarize for him. This time, the lawyer did it for him. 
"As per the contract agreement written up by your representation and the executors of the Midland Community Leaders Contest, you have relieved yourself of all responsibilities in perpetuity of your role as Editor-In-Chief of the Times Sentinel. This officer is here to see your orderly exit from the property. If there is anything you wish to retrieve from the property, you may do so through appropriate representation and channels."
"What?" he asked again, aware that Alice was taking all of this in, her face aglow with that look of barely contained excitement she always had when she was first in the loop of a 'big scoop'. She was already typing away on the computer, messaging most of the office no doubt. 
"You are effectively dismissed," said Ray Blazer, "consider it my first official order as Editor-in-Chief."
"What? You're joking, right?" he looked from the lawyer to Ray Blazer to the police officer. Nobody looked like they were joking.
"I'm still the editor; he's just a contest winner. He doesn't actually have authority to do anything."
The lawyer spoke again, pushing a copy of the contest rules and regulations at him. Caliente hated him even more as he read the highlighted documents.
"As per Section 8, Subsection 13 and I quote, 'the winner can make decisions without the consent of the previous holder of said office in perpetuity of any such agreement as per previous sections and subsections."
"Well, that's not right. That should say 'can't' not 'can'." A cold trickle of fear began to creep up his spine, a fear only experienced editors knew when they weren't able to dismiss it all away with a simple retraction in the next newspaper, regretting the error. 
"It says can, Mr. Caliente," said the lawyer, "and as you can see your signature and initials are on this contract stating you are in full agreement with each stipulation. You have agreed that you have given permission for Mr. Blazer to fire you, if that was his want."
"And oh, I want," said Ray Blazer, "I so very want."
Caliente stared at him for a moment, then back to the documents in his hand. He was stalling for time, trying to wrap his head around what was happening. He stared at the other signatures beside his.
"Wait, what about the others? They signed this too, this can't possibly be legally binding," he said.
The lawyer checked his phone. 
"Actually, you are the last to be served, Mr. Caliente. I am sure you will find your scheduled golf game this afternoon to be rather...interesting."
"Good bye, Mr. Caliente," said Ray Blazer. He turned to Alice. 
"Alice, I am sure you are texting the right people. Inform everyone that needs to know that the editorial meeting has been pushed thirty minutes. I'd like a list of everyone employed by the Times Sentinel on my desk and all relevant passwords to Mr. Caliente's business accounts hand-written and on my desk in five minutes."
Alice looked from one to the other, from the lawyer to the police officer who was now standing between her former boss and apparently her new one. 
"Don't do it, Alice," said her former boss.
"He no longer is employed here, Alice. You can either do what I request or you can follow him out the door. This is true of everyone here," he added to the couple of bobbing heads that were hiding behind partitions, "spoiler alert; there is going to be major changes at the Times Sentinel and it starts here."
"Let's go, sir, there is nothing more you can do," the police officer quietly said to Caliente. 
"I know your boss," said Caliente firmly, "I can have you fired."
The officer looked at him and Caliente knew the truth before he said it.
"No, you can't. The same thing happened at the station this morning."
"What?"
"We have a new police chief."
"What? What? What does the mayor say?"
"The new mayor or the old mayor?"
"What?" 
"Goodbye, Mr. Caliente." said his replacement. Caliente stared at him, trying to understand what was happening and why. 
"Who are you?" he asked. Ray Blazer said nothing. He stood silently at attention staring at him while the officer led him gently outside the building. He was in his own parking lot now, or what used to be his parking lot. He was a King exiled from his kingdom. 
"You are not alone, sir," said the officer, "I'm no lawyer but you all should have read that contest contract. It's pretty black and white."
"It's a typo," he mumbled again and again. The officer walked him to his vehicle, parked as always in his designated spot, right beside the handicapped parking space. The officer suggested that he leave quietly and gave him a quiet warning to not make a scene and he should perhaps contact his lawyer. If he went back to the building he could be arrested. He waited for Caliente to drive away. 
Caliente pulled out his phone and stared at it. He wondered why none of the others bothered to text him. It was so unfair; someone could have given him some warning. He tried to decide who to contact, who could be the one to clear up this giant misunderstanding. Then he realized why nobody texted him; they were all in the same position. Nobody wanted to admit what happened. They were all hoping it was a bad dream, that this was all some elaborate hoax and now they were all waiting for the hidden cameras to come out and say 'surprise!'. 
He drove out of the parking lot, parked in front of the coffee shop they all occasionally met at and went inside. He numbly sat down at their usual table and waited for the others and the 'surprise'. 
He was never joined by the others. No one yelled surprise. 

The only way to describe what was happening in Midland that morning was to think of an anthill that had been stepped on. Instead of ants it was texts and emails - this was the single most exciting and unexpected thing to happen to Midland since the 9/11 attacks. Parts of the city were frantic with people texting each other, albeit on a strictly hierarchical scale, confined to Midland's elite.  Near all communication started along the lines of 'did you hear?' and all the largest lawyers in town were avoiding their phones, not wanting to get involved until they understood the bigger picture. 
Most of the city didn't care. They were doing their usual Wednesday routine, unaware of the coup d'tat of its ruling class. Business stayed open, restaurants served coffee and fries. Mail was delivered and television sets were turned on to whatever distractions people needed. Daycares changed diapers, nurses dispensed medications. 
The local golf course was still waiting for the City's top foursome to arrive. Finding nothing else to do and nobody to answer their calls they all migrated there, at the very least to find out how long this practical joke was going to go on. As soon as Caliente saw the faces on the Mayor, the Chiefs of Police and Fire, he knew it wasn't a joke that was going to end soon. 

Inside the editorial room, Ray Blazer was running his first official meeting.
He didn't know it but the room was more occupied than usual. Employees that rarely showed, from graphic designers to the copy boys to the old school journalists who submitted their stories online were there. A few of the sub-contracted photographers and freelancers were there. Even the water guy, sensing something major was going on this morning was occupying a seat. 
Ray felt at ease, knowing that the other three were going through the same mixed bag of emotions. They had over a week to prepare for this, had practiced and discussed at length into the nights how this was going to go. There was nowhere to go but forward. They were the new game in town. 
"Good morning, everyone," he started. The room fell silent. 
"Anyone hear of any news this morning?" he smiled. One guy laughed at the back, getting the humour of the situation. Everyone else remained silent for fear of job security or lack of humour.  
"What's your name?" Ray asked the man, a man in his late twenties wearing a plaid shirt.
"Uh...Lance."
"What do you do, Lance?"
"I'm uh... layout."
"Do you have any reporting experience?"
"Yeah."
"Ok, you are now in charge of taking notes of this meeting. Plus, you are my new assistant editor."
"What?"
There was a murmur of disapproval from a few of the older ones seated around positions of power at the table. Ray knew who each was, their photos were predominant on the masthead of the paper.  He had the advantage that although they knew who he was, they didn't know what he could do. Which, according to the contest rules, was pretty much anything. 
"Wait a minute, wait a minute," said one older fellow, "who exactly are you?"
Ray recognized him from the masthead - he was Dwayne Rich, head of advertising. Dwayne had the George Clooney haircut and the swagger to match.  
"My name is Ray Blazer; I am the new editor in chief."
"By whose authority?"
"Mine."
"Aren't you the guy who won the contest?" asked a woman, seated near the back.
"Yes."
"You don't actually have any say here," said Dwayne, "That contest was just a gimmick; you're not really the editor. I should know. I helped promote it."
"Then a large thank you to you, Mr. Rich. As per your contest rules I'm really the editor. As of 9.45 this morning, everything I say or do regarding the Midland Times Sentinel is final. You can go ask Mr. Caliente who as you know no longer works here."
The lawyer nodded. 
Again a round of murmurs as the rumours were confirmed.
"I understand that you all are feeling uncomfortable with this sudden change. And as such, anyone who wishes to take a leave of absence immediately can do so. You will be paid two weeks salary. At the end of the two weeks you will either return to work with a written justification of why you should be allowed to return or will be considered terminated."
"Oh, this is pure horseshit," said one of the older ones, another guy in marketing.
"Take it or leave it. If you don't like change, I suggest you leave now. If you have allegiances to Mr. Caliente, I suggest you leave now. Lance is going to be heading today's meeting but first I am going to go around this room, starting with Mr. Hall." Ray turned to the meek older man who he noticed avoided eye contact with everyone. He was busy scribbling away on his notepad.  
"Mr. Hall, being Midland's assistant editor I will put the question to you; do you wish to stay or go?"
"Can I defer?"
"Yes, you can. I will get back to you."
"Mr. Rich, do you wish to take a 2 week paid leave?"
Dwayne Rich laughed as he looked around the office, aware everyone was watching him. 
"You fucking bet. You will be gone tomorrow anyways but if the decisions you make are 'final'," and he put the final in air quotes, "I think a 2 week paid vacation would be a fucking stellar way to remember this fucking joke."
"Goodbye, Mr. Rich. Enjoy your time off and I look forward to reading your justification on why you should be hired back in two weeks."
Dwayne stood up and laughed, "Wow. Yeah, ok... I will get to work on my 'justification' right away." Again with the air quotes.
"Come on guys, looks like we get a little vacation, courtesy of the new Editor-In-Chief."
From the corner of the room, a group of employees separated, following Dwayne out. Two of the younger ones and one older woman stayed behind. 
"Alice, if you have decided to stay, would you mind taking down all their names for me?"
Alice bit her lip. A two week paid vacation sounded nice but something in her gut told her that it would be best to stay on board the boat until she knew for sure it was sinking. She nodded and wrote down the names of those who departed. 
Through the exodus, Blazer stood at attention at the front of the room. The water guy stayed as he was getting far more entertainment here than he expected he would be getting this morning. Only about a 1/3 of the room was emptied, the rest staying on either because of curiosity or the inherent wisdom of knowing that when something is too good to be true, it usually is. 
"Okay, now that they are gone, it looks like we are going to have a whole lot of positions opening up."
 Alice noted that most of them were of the younger set, a lot of the co-op students that were already on the minimum wage scale, a couple of interns that weren't getting paid anyways and the water guy. Mr. Hall, who she knew was never one to rock the boat, was still sitting quietly.
"Who here can tell me what all those that left have in common?"
One of the interns spoke up, as she took her cue from Lance and seemed to know humour was a quality attribute now in the Times Sentinel, "Uh, they are all getting paid?"
The other two interns smiled at the joke.
"True, but for only two more weeks. But from that I take it you aren't getting paid?"
"No," said Alice, "they are the interns."
"You all have student loans?" asked Ray.
They nodded.
"Well, congratulations, you are now getting paid. Who's in charge of human resources?"
"Anna-Marie, but she left with the others."
"Okay, who wants to be in charge of human resources?"
Nobody put up their hand.
"Alice? How about you? Automatic pay raise and such. Or we can put a notice on the front page today."
"That's employment opportunities, they go in the classifieds," she said, automatically.
"Not this one. We are going to be revamping the industry, ladies and gentlemen. Starting ten minute ago."
"I don't know what to say," she said, which was true. Mr. Caliente never, ever offered her a promotion in her 12 years there. 
"Say yes, pick one of these interns to replace you and get them all a pay package. Anyone else an intern or volunteer?"
"What about us contracted contributors?"
"Well, let's go around the table; figure out what positions are open. I'll leave that up to Lance but first, I will let you know what the new vision of the Midland Times Sentinel is going to be. I want you to be fully aware of what you all are signing up for, especially you Mr. Hall."
"Me?" asked the meek man, pushing up his glasses from the end of his nose.
"Yes, if stereotypes follow, and they certainly seem to here, you are no doubt very talented. I believe that you are truly the one that guides this ship, the one behind the throne, etc. etc. I need you to now take the crown, in front of these people, the ones willing to take a chance on me and a vision they have no idea of. This group is the future of printed news journalism. Are you willing to be one of the first apostles of the new Midland Times Sentinel, Mr. Hall?"
Wilfred Hall stared at his notepad. He could feel all eyes on him and hated this new guy for putting him on the spot like this. He was used to Stephen's way of standing in the spotlight and for decades grew accustomed to allowing him take credit for many of the things he suggested to him. Perhaps it was time to step up from behind the throne. God knows his wife Patty would finally get off his back about it. 
"Uh, okay?" he said. Ray Blazer led the others in a round of applause. Wilfred blushed. 
"Great. Now, to business. I will make this short as I know you all are keen to start making history here, even if you don't know it. Let me give you the guts of the front page today; City Hall, the Police Department and The Squid!, Midland's radio station, are all under new leadership as of this morning. There will be legal challenges made; there will be rebuttals and such. It is going to take time and until that time, the Midland citizens will have a great opportunity to redefine all that is Midland. This is where it starts. You with me?"
There were a few nodding heads among the room. 
"Hell, yeah!" yelled the water guy.
"I like you," said Ray, turning to him, "why are you wearing a jump suit?"
"Oh, I don't work here; I'm just the water guy."
"Well, if you want to work here, you're hired. Let Alice know."
Ray turned to the wipe board at the front of the room which was dotted with small notes of upcoming stories, pitches to be considered and small details. 
"Second order of business; the new Midland Times Sentinel. Here's what's going to happen. I take it there are still some layout guys here?"
Lance and one other raised their hands.
"Okay, first, all ads go to their own section. I want nothing but local stories and pictures in the front section. Understand?"
"Um...that will make things really easy from a layout perspective," said one "but a bit boring, visually. The paper is about 80% advertising already."
"I'm sure that will thin out over the next week or two but until then, we continue to run the ads until their contracts have expired or the businesses want them pulled, no refunds. Photographers, here's your chance. Give layout more pictures. If you have ideas of themes, any favorites that you feel were rejected but shouldn't have, this is their second chance. Let them know."
"Shouldn't we run it by you first?"
"No, I'm not doing layouts, they are."
"But you are the editor."
"Yes, and they are the layout designers. They are artists and as such I expect they will make each page as visually appealing as possible, am I correct?"
The layout designers glowed. Those were words every designer wished to hear and finally, it had happened. 
"Here is the new Midland in one easy to read headline; if it's not local, it's not news. That means no more national news, no more opinion polls or surveys."
"What about sports?"
"Cut out all sports-related articles that aren't currently in season. No more entertainment gossip section either. Other sections will go on a case by basis with the help and wisdom of Mr. Hall. I want someone to start finding comics that are actually funny. Preferably local artists."
"But we need to fill up a 30-40 page newspaper daily. We cut all that out, it's going to be hard to top  twenty pages, I'd say." Wilfred reminded the gathered. 
"Make the type larger," said Ray, "and lessen the paper waste. The money we save on printing will go towards your new salaries. We are living in a digital world people and we need to do what we need to do to survive."
"But the advertising department has all left. We can't sustain ourselves without Dwayne Rich, as much as I hate to admit it."
"We still have adverts we are responsible for publishing. Until their contracts run out, we will continue to publish them."
"This is crazy."
"No, this is Midland. Lance, I'd like you to take over - Mr. Hall, you will help reshuffle the deck so to speak, give these people jobs they care about, accept all stories that are within polite conversation. I trust in all of you in this room. We are the future."
"Even me?"
"Yes even you, water guy, even you."
Ray Blazer now stood proudly and because it just felt appropriate, gave them all a salute. He wondered how the others fared on their first day as contest winners.

Chapter 2
The Chief For A Day

At the Midland police station the official duties of meeting the winner of Police Chief For A Day fell to Captain Burt Spencer. It just happened it was also a Tuesday so the responsibility would have fallen to him anyways.  Chief Tracey spent most of his Tuesdays in the next town over, carrying on what he thought was a clandestine affair with Mayor Van Deuce's wife. It was rather pointless as most everyone who was someone in Midland knew about. 
Truthfully, Chief Tracey wasn't a man who cared for interactions with the public. He left a lot of the public relations events to Captain Spencer who understood being a cop also required frequent displays of humanism in today's charged religious climate. Captain Spencer sometimes speculated with his wife how the Chief became chief; he hated anything that required his physical presence, delegated near every order for him to announce to the officers, and rarely took any interest in the internal affairs of the department, other than the budget. 
Simply put, Chief Tracey was one of those leaders of men who preferred to be rarely seen and/or heard unless there was an offer of a free meal or drink involved. He was a leader of the new millennium, one who took to the warm embrace of technology and preferred everything that required any interaction or decision be done by email. Twitter was a current favourite of his as well as this thing called Snapchat, which was his communication of choice with the Mayor's wife. It allowed greater privacy when sending naked pictures of themselves to each other, he once confided to Spencer, who was asking about the Chief's habitual Tuesday morning's absenteeism. Captain Spencer did his best not to think about the situation; what happened between two consenting adults was not his issue but he couldn't help worry. His cop gut told him there was something more to the story there, having met the Mayor's wife on occasion at official functions.  
She was as drab and vanilla as the Chief, but he felt uneasy around her, and not for the infidelity. She once noticed that his breast pocket button was undone and took him to task for it. It was a confidence that belied an adulteress in the presence of authority. Captain Spencer imagined their hotel trysts probably involved nothing more than complaining about coffee creamers, their spouses and perusing office supplies catalogues. Office supplies was something that Chief Tracey took a strange interest in, as opposed to more pressing matters such as the recent public transit demonstrations in the Lower East Quarter. 
He glanced at the clock on his computer and sighed. The winner of Midland's first annual Community Leader of the Day was to arrive in a few minutes. Chief Tracey thoughtfully left an email for him this morning reminding him that he was to meet and lead the winner around the station. Chief Tracey attached a very specific to-the-minute itinerary for the day as well; including such things as taking the man for coffee, a ten minute (no more) tour of the armaments room, an explanation of the office supplies accountability system and a spell in the dispatch for a couple hours before going on a ride-a-long with one of the three most trusted police officers in the department. Captain Spencer noted the officers were all men who happened to be from the Chief's church and continually held the top tiers in the monthly arrests chart. The three were condescendingly referred to as the White Knights of The Round Table to the Chief's King Arthur, if King Arthur collected and counted paper clips and the knights were racist. Needless to say, most everyone hated the three chosen ones.  
Captain Spencer was used to following commands; it was his biggest strength and weakness at his old detachment in the Big City. HIs captaincy was a well deserved promotion and spousal insistence of a transfer to Midland after he most of the vision in his left eye gave him a different view of police work. His ranking gave him the time and most importantly, the chance to observe police and political functionality from a distance. There were things he could see that needed changing at the Midland Precinct and the police concept in general since 9/11. They were continually being updated on terror threats that were for 'internal planning purposes only' from the state department. Second only to the terror threat updates were the advertisements for 'slightly used' ex-military armaments, including a memorable email that was bcc'd to the Mayor's office from the State Department. It regarded a request to review if Midland could afford to purchase a slightly used Apache helicopter to be deployed in case of civil unrest with the capability of releasing 625 rounds per minute from its belly-mounted 30 mm M230 chain gun.  
The front desk officer sent an instant message to his computer; the winner was here. Spencer acknowledged the message, replied he would be right there. He stood, straightened his tie and marched out of his small cubicle office. He glanced at the door of the much larger Chief's office. It was authentic mahogany and he loathed it. It had no place here in modest Midland. It was a door that spoke of abuse of power within and when it was shut, which was often, it suggested very important things, probably illegal in nature, were happening behind it. It said 'Fuck you' to anyone who may consider entering without permission.  There were passive aggressive doors, such as his, and just plain aggressive, which in this case was made out of mahogany. It was completely out of character for the Chief which is what made him dangerous and unpredictable from Captain Spencer's view. There was more to the Chief than met his eye.  
He opened the very passive door thin fiberglass door that separated the back from front reception, currently manned by a rookie constable, Daniels or Davidson or something. Captain Spencer knew little about him, other than he was apparently fast-tracked through the Academy and supposedly was a nephew of the Mayor which wasn't making him any friends in the locker room. The officer stood respectfully as he entered.
Captain Spencer didn't get to where he was without an inherent intuitive sense of trouble that separated the boy cops from the real cops. On the other side of the front desk, still on the wrong side of the bullet-proof Plexiglas was the winner of the community's Police Chief For A Day. Beside him was a lawyer. He didn't know that factually, but the man reeked of the glue that kept the wheels of justice from turning. Captain Spencer had an instant hate-on for the man. If anyone deserved to be ticketed for aiding and abetting known criminals, it was lawyers. The only difference between the criminals and the lawyers were the ties. The contest winner was dressed simply, in a casual golf jacket, clean jeans and average footwear. He looked to be more of a tradesman and by the permanent stains on his hands, a painter of some sort. He opened the door into the foyer.
"Hello, I am Captain Burt Spencer," he said, ever the professional and quite used to being the visual representation of the police force to people wanting an audience with the Chief. He followed this introduction up with his customary second line, "Chief Tracey sends his regrets as he is out of town on business." 
As he is every Tuesday morning until 2pm, he thought dismissively, then he can be found on the golf course. 
"Uh, Hi. I'm Monty O'Brien," said the man offering his hand, "I won that contest?"
"Yes, we know," said Spencer, noting that the man had the firm, rough grip of a carpenter, most likely.  "We were expecting you. Ready for your day as the man in charge of Midland's finest?"
The other man spoke up. 
"Ahem. My name is John English, the lawyer representing my clients in regards to the Midland Community Contest," said the lawyer. Spencer instantly wanted to punch him in the face for having such a cool but stupid name. He glared at him, could instantly tell he was a guy that had a lot of abstract tattoos under his shirt sleeves, wore deliberately torn jeans and probably played in a band with little musical training.
"Ok. You are a lawyer. I wasn't expecting you. Is there something I'm missing?" He turned to Monty. "Do you have a warrant out for your arrest?"
"What?" said Monty, slightly uncomfortable but also not. The Captain noted the guy had confidence that belied his lower income earnings level, according to his shoes, "No, nothing like that. We were just kind of expecting to meet Chief Tracey. What happened to your eye?"
Captain Spencer was momentarily surprised. Few people ever asked him about his eye, erring on the side of social caution over curiosity.
"My daughter Michelle accidentally hit me with a slingshot 8 years ago."
"That sucks."
"Yeah, well...teenagers." was all Captain Spencer said, and left it at that. He didn't feel the need to mention it happened when he answered a vandalism call. Michelle was one of the perpetrators. It was actually the best thing to happen to their relationship.    
Mr. O'Brien turned to the lawyer.  
"What should I do?" he asked the lawyer, who was rifling through a sheaf of legal papers in a manila folder. Spencer's cop gut was kicking him in the balls now. There were a lot of papers and in this business, that wasn't a good thing. 
"The rules still apply. As of 9am this morning, you are the Chief of Police of Midland. This man is technically your...assistant?" The lawyer nodded at him knowingly as if they both knew a secret which Spencer was loathe admitting they didn't want to share. He was an assistant.  
"Yes, although I prefer Captain," Spencer said. "Your itinerary today consists of being introduced to the men at the morning briefing, and by men I also mean women - there are four women officers here today but the understanding is that the department is unisex in all matters. I will give you a brief tour, and then you will be using the shooting range, touring the armory, observing dispatch and then later this afternoon we will arrange for you to go out in one of our squad cars with one of our top officers. Back here, we will debrief and then some pictures for the newspaper and your day is done."
"And you," said the lawyer, "being the one acting in lieu of Chief Tracey, who is in absentia, do confirm on behalf of the City of Midland and the Community Leader contest that my client, Mr. O'Brien is now the acting Chief of Police?"
Spencer rolled his one good eye. He knew it had a disconcerting effect on people that were annoying him. It also helped to remind him why he was in the job, the dangers and the rewards. No cop expects to lose an eye to their own daughter on a vandalism call. 
"Yes," he said, trying to keep the disdain out of his voice, "This man here, Mr. Monty O'Brien is now officially the Chief of Police for the City of Midland as per the Community Leaders contest."
Later, this is what Burt Spencer would say to his wife when he told her Monty O'Brien was now the most powerful, well-armed man in Midland. He would say the guy simply smiled sadly. Nothing more. But before that, the weasel lawyer, the one with a name that sounded like a bad joke from a pulp fiction novel slid a few of the choice papers he was holding to him and smirked like a catfish. 
The young officer currently assigned to the reception watching all this with mild interest grew worried as he watched his Captain read the papers quickly, and then do it once again, slower. The Captain's usual poker-face was leaning heavily earthwards by the end. 
"This can't be right," was all he said at first reading. 
"That has to be a typo," he stated, "it says that the contest winner CAN do anything he so desires without the approval of the relevant person he is replacing as per the contest rules."
 The lawyer coughed, trying to not sound too smug.
"This contract has been duly signed and witnessed by the parties in question, including Chief Tracey as you can see by the initials and signatures on the last page."
"And so, as my first official duty as Chief of Police," said the contest winner, standing slightly more erect now that the game changer had been introduced and established, "Chief Tracey is hereby relieved of his duties for dereliction of duties, including abuse of the public trust and Police Widow's Fund. Mr. English here has the appropriate paperwork and will be served to Chief Tracey upon discovery of his location, by an officer of your choosing."
Johnny English handed over more papers. 
"These papers establish the appropriate legalities, including a restraining order forbidding former Chief Tracey to come into the station or be within 200 yards of it or any of the officers, unless extreme circumstances, for the duration of what should be a long and interesting court battle."
"This can't be right," repeated Captain Spencer.
"It's right," said Johnny English, "according to Section 12, Subsection 4 as of now, Mr. O'Brien is the Chief of Police until further notice. Former Chief Tracey, as well as the other principals of the Midland Community Leaders contest have two weeks to file an appeal at which time it will be heard by a district judge."
The officer beside Spencer tried to get a better view of the papers from his position at the desk. Captain Spencer handed the officer the papers under the Plexiglas and stood silently. He didn't get to where he was by making rash judgments although most of his lesser peers would argue that was exactly what separated a good cop from a great cop. He glared first at the lawyer, then the contest winner who stood there, waiting for him to reply. He made his decision. Chief Tracey may not have made the same decision as technically it was his job they were talking about but something deep inside Captain Burt Spencer heard opportunity knocking on the future of a certain mahogany door. Only today somebody else was going to answer. 
Well that's what he gets for fucking the Mayor's wife on Tuesday mornings, he thought.
"Well Officer Daniels, this here gentleman is now officially chief of the Midland Police Department, meaning he is our new commander-in-chief; Chief O'Brien am I right?" 
The new chief nodded.
"Let's send out a station email, priority and then let's get the man set up. Keys, passwords, and of course, fingerprints and criminal record check ASAP. I assume he is legally clear to assume the position, Mr. English?"
"By all means. His affairs are in order. How embarrassing would that be to have an actual criminal as the Chief of Police?"
"God forbid, we embarrass the department even more," said Captain Spencer. He turned to the officer, "And I think we are going to need to order some personalized office stationery, Officer Daniels. Find out who else has signing authority when Chief Tracey isn't present." 
"My name is Michaels, sir," said the officer, "and I believe it's you and Linda in Human Resources." 
Captain Spencer didn't hear him. For all his calm demeanor outside, there was a small, vengeful part of him inside enjoying this. He felt ordering office supplies without the Chief's authorization would be more rebellious to Chief Tracey than simply playing along to this as ordered. When the appeals were heard and Tracey was reinstated, he would be pissed, but also humbled and embarrassed, the first police chief in history to lose his position via a write-in contest. And all Captain Spencer had to do was follow orders, as per established protocol. 
He opened the door, allowing Chief O'Brien to officially pass the threshold into the police department.
"Ok, Chief O'Brien, I guess the first thing you will want to do is...?" he left it hanging there, curious as what would be the new Chief's first official orders.
"First, I'd like to say thank you, Captain Burt Spencer - your co-operation and dedication to the people of Midland and this station since you arrived is an attribute that few can measure up to, especially considering the circumstances. Officer Michaels, how do I go about getting Captain Spencer a promotion or award of some sort? Is there something higher that he could be than Captain? Police officers have awards and medals do they not? Or is that just on TV?"
"Um...he can't be much higher than police captain at this station," said Officer Michaels, "Assistant Chief maybe, or I guess he could be promoted to Public Liaisons Officer."
Captain Spencer was shocked into silence. He didn't dare hope for the role of PLO - it was the most coveted job in the department. It was currently held by the previous police chief who inherited the job via the old one who only gave it up because he died while fishing in the Bahamas. It was the cushiest job in the force; plenty of perks, high pay, tons of photos with celebrities, both political and entertainment, and a great platform if one was interested in either local and state politics either in front or behind the scenes. 
Nobody really knew how much power the PLO had which was the kind of the point of why it was the Holy Grail of career opportunities. But deep down he knew he wasn't ready for that much responsibility and political posturing. He was still a cop at heart as his good eye continually reminded him. 
Also, he had been the Captain for five years now and this was the first time anyone mentioned the word award or promotion around him in all his time since transferring here. This was also the first time anyone praised him in a 'not trying to get out of a ticket' type way in decades. Honest praise in a police station was like finding gold in a McDonald's drive-thru. It didn't happen nearly as often as one thought.  
The department was no different from any other police department in the nation. When it came to taking on the shit detail, every man was quick to volunteer someone else to do it. When it came to the glamorous cases (and in the police world, glamorous was the murders, the crack house busts, the complete opposite of the Hollywood definition) everyone was quick to volunteer themselves, mostly in the hope they could exert some of their authoritative powers and cop justice on those bottom feeders that made them want to become cops in the first place. This line of volunteering was what separated the men from the boys, the traffic cops from the detectives. Either way, you got very little in the way of commendations or compliments. The Chief treated them like his collection of unopened staplers in the office supply room. So to have his new boss, no matter what the circumstances, compliment him, it was only natural he could do little but create a positive opinion of the man. The lawyer could still go fuck himself. 
Spencer smiled. This guy would make a good Chief. He knew office Politics. 
Officer Michaels (not Daniels) was holding onto the documents. 
"Right. Well, Officer Dan-Michaels, what are you waiting for? Let everyone know - include dispatch to put the call out - let everyone know about the non-mandatory ten o'clock to meet the new Chief in the briefing room."
Officer Michaels turned to his computer and started typing. The new Chief of Police turned to the lawyer.
"Thanks Johnny. I hope the others go as well. I will have an officer escort you when you meet the others. Perhaps Officer Michaels can go once he's finished?" he asked Captain Spencer. He nodded slightly.
"Officer Michaels," said Chief O'Brien, "as per my orders, you will accompany Mr. English and ensure the other contest winners are granted their due winnings as per the contest regulations."
"Yes sir."
"And have your secondary come up and relieve you."
"Yes sir."
Spencer remained impassive. He was thinking with a change in leadership this would be a great opportunity to push some things through that had been trouble with Tracey, such as taking him off the signatory for the Widow's Fund. Also the guys wanted one of those new single dispenser coffee pots in the break room and the women officers were complaining about near everything ever since the Chief's 'Inside Every Woman Is A Man' memo on his unisex initiative to address inappropriate sexism in the department.  
The department's new King Arthur had officially crossed the threshold of becoming the heart and soul of the police department. There was going to be a lot of confusion for the rest of the day. He briefly considering texting Chief Tracey in his hotel room but decided to let it pass. Let the man enjoy his last couple hours of blissful ignorance in the arms of Mrs. Van Deuce. His whole world was about to come crashing down.  
"Shall I show you your office, Chief?" asked Captain Spencer. 
"Yes, please. And let's have a pre-meeting before I meet everyone else. You can forget the planned itinerary. I will update as we go along."
Spencer nodded to the officer and led his new boss down the office to the mahogany door as Officer Michaels was relieved by Linda, the Human Resources lady. Chief O'Brien shook her hand, said he was pleased to meet her and would come back and see her soon. She only smiled, a little confused but still in her heart, the same person she was thirty seconds ago.  
Captain Spencer stopped at the door and waited for the new Chief to open it.
"Wow. Some door." the Chief observed, not touching it, "I used to build doors. This looks like real mahogany."
"It is." 
"I always thought people that used mahogany doors for anything other than a library entrance seemed like pricks."
Spencer said nothing but was really taking a liking to this guy. Chief O'Brien opened the door and paused.
"You got anything bigger?" he asked then smiled. "Joking! This office is huge. Where is yours?"
"I'm right beside you," he said, indicating the plain office door, half window, half cheap paneling; still the original door from when the station was built back in 1966.
Chief O'Brien walked over, opened the door and peered inside.
"Much better. You want to trade offices?"
"What?" asked Captain Spencer, not realizing until that moment he was quite possessive of his little cage. 
"Yours is way more practical," he said, "It says this is a place that gets shit done. Want to trade?"
Spencer felt that this was all a practical joke of some sort. If this was a trap he wasn't going to fall for it.
"Uh, I'd like to keep it," he said, adding as an afterthought, "sir."
"Of course, I can understand why," said the Chief, although Spencer couldn't understand why.
"Let's go into my... emporium and talk then. I'm sure you have a lot of questions and I'd like to earn your respect as quick as possible so we have no mutiny of sorts in the ranks."
"But..." started Spencer.
"Isn't this already a mutiny of sorts?" laughed O'Brien. "It is, but different; it's legal. And it's only a few of Midland's higher ups; only the four, as per the contest."
"So the others...?"
"Well, they, or the equivalent of you, whoever has been designated to 'babysit' the winners will be going through their own shocking developments soon enough I would imagine."
Captain Spencer nodded. He didn't know the other winners other than by name and their pretentiousness level when he was assigned to meet them at certain high society events. They thought having an officer in full uniform brought more respect to their entrances at community functions. It was part of Captain Spencer's station in life and the police department. He was the line between the riff and the raff.  
"Where do you want to begin, sir?" he asked, watching as the man took off his jacket. He was already sporting a police officer's shirt. Captain Spencer noticed it was simple and plain but still carried Chief's insignias on his collar and shoulder epaulets.
"Let's start by you telling me where former Chief Tracey is, then telling me who you respect in the station and who you don't. I'll question you as we go. Then we will redistribute some of these office supplies. Why are there so many note pads in here?"
"The Chie-former Chief took an interest in the inventory, sir. So, the shooting range is out then?"
"Do you foresee me needing a gun today, Captain Spencer?"
"Not today sir. Not until some people get a rude legal awakening."
"So be it, let's concentrate on getting the body in order, then we will worry about the head. How do I look?"
Captain Spencer inspected the man's overall appearance, from the physical aspects to the instinctual aspects that he sensed from his years on the police force.
"Good," he admitted, "it could have been worse."
"Great. Now let's talk about the men and women of the force. Pull up a chair."

Chapter 3
 The New Mayor

Walter Van Deuce looked into the mirror. Reflecting back was the other Walter Van Deuce, the Honorable Mayor of Midland. Nearing his 60th birthday he was well-groomed, vital and confident, like a man vying to take a run at the vacating State Governor's office should be. 
Today was a major public relations day for him, another brick in the road in his pre-election campaign for State Governor. Today was the day he relinquished the reins of the city for 24 hours to the winner of the Midland Civic Community Leader For A Day contest. Relinquish wasn't the right word. He would never truly relinquish his Mayor's office but in the world of politics, it was the image that counted. He wanted to appear to be a man of the people, not a man of some people as Councilman Jenners and Frank in Public Works liked to remind him before council meetings.  
"Looking good, Walter," he said to his reflection. His reflection smiled back, brushed a hand through his graying temples. 
He glanced at the clock; in ten minutes Mrs. Shelly Francis should be arriving to start her day as Mayor of Midland. His wife Veronica and the Chief of Police will have checked into the Holiday Inn by now, continuing on their affair he long knew about and privately advocated. Veronica understood what it meant for her own chances of being the Governor's wife to keep the affair under wraps.
In return for their discretion he had the powers of the Midland police department at her seductive call and she had someone who would listen to her usual complaints. The Mayor could imagine them easily enough. There was their lack of children, Midland's lack of interior designer choices, pros and cons of Botox etc. Their affair also offered him insight into the department's morale problems. Of particular concern of late to the Chief was the enforcement of the Mayor's more controversial decision of ordering arrest incentives and extra patrols on the citizens of the Lower East Quarter.
He allowed a twinge of sympathy towards The Chief as he was to meet him and the other displaced community leaders for a round of golf and comparisons of their replacements this afternoon. Whenever the two of them met face to face, he could feel the guilt radiate from the man. The Chief didn't know he was simply another convenience to the Van Deuces. He was the screw that Van Deuce used to clamp his policies and legal authority together and as such, his wife was the screwdriver. 
He had a few minutes before Mrs. Shelly Francis was due to arrive and take her symbolic seat at the desk in the most powerful office of Midland, politically-speaking. He pressed a well-used button on his intercom. The person on the other end replied immediately.
"Donald!" he yelled into the intercom. Donald was the city manager, the hamster to his King cobra. The man was so timid the Mayor imagined Donald did nothing all day but nibble on pieces of paper waiting for him to call and give him something to do.
"Yes sir?" came the reply.
"Get in here, and bring me an updated List."
"Yes sir."
The List was what it was; a list of names of people who publically disagreed with him on any of his various fund-raising projects such as 'Nature, Naturally', the Tar Plant Approval, the Public Transportation Initiative, and the 40% increase in city taxes over the last eight years to replace aging infrastructure. All decisions which grated the general populace the wrong way. The names came primarily from rejected Letters to the Editor sent to the Midland Sentinel Times. All writers of these letters made it onto The List. Donald was the only one who had full access to The List besides the Mayor.  
In less than twenty seconds there was a timid knock on the Mayor's mahogany door. The Mayor waited a few heartbeats to give Donald the impression he was less important than whatever the Mayor was currently doing. At that moment it was picking breakfast burrito out of his $5000 smile.
"Come in, Donald."
Donald peeked his head in first, as per his hamster-like persona. Seeing the Mayor seated safely behind his desk, he entered, holding a manila envelope that went nicely with his manila-toned suit. Donald was the type of man who found beige lively and exciting. 
"How are the polls?" he asked, as he did every morning. 
"Still at an all-time high, sir." Donald replied, which was true. The Mayor's symbiotic relationship with the Midland Sentinel Times guaranteed his place in the polls, mainly because Donald was the one who reported the results to the Sentinel Times. It was understood the newspaper was not to ask how the results were obtained in return for exclusive scoops on local political news. 
"You know it's been fourteen years together, Donald? What are you going to do when I move to the State Governor's office next year?" he joked. He liked to play with Donald, pretend that the man was easily replaceable if the Mayor so chose. The truth was quite different. He needed Donald. He had an innate ability to manage the most trivial of political matters while never questioning the big picture. He was the type of man who arranged puzzle pieces by color and shape but never attempted to link them together.
"I don't know sir," was Donald's programmed reply, "You will be a great loss to Midland."
"Well, here's hoping," said the Mayor, "have you arranged the proper press releases to go out?"
"Yes sir."
"Excellent. Then give me a summary of today's mail."
"Yes sir." Donald scratched his cheek furtively, a nervous habit of his whenever a change of routine was mentioned. He opened the manila folder and took out a sheet of names. Donald loved paper, which made the Mayor nervous but he also understood the importance and ignitability of hard copies compared to the mysterious threat of computer hacking which he understood nothing about. 
The Mayor observed Donald, thought once again how he would be a dangerous man in the political world except for the rodent thing. Get him in a room with more than four people and his nervous twitches took over. It was impossible to believe Donald would risk his paper nibbling station in life. He rarely voiced an opinion on any of the Mayor's ideas, albeit he did have some legal concerns over the contest. He did suggest it would be prudent for all matters and responsibilities to be written out in proper indecipherable legalese. That in turn could be checked by all offices involved and witnessed. 
The Mayor would definitely bring Donald to the State Capital when he was elected Governor. He still wasn't exactly sure about his wife; it would depend on the harder to manipulate state polls. He was confident if his wife's affair was ever exposed, it would guarantee him the women's sympathy vote. Luckily he was strategically prepared for that eventuality if it came to it, as the Chief was not very diligent on how he used the police department's Widow's Fund to help pay for the affair.  
"Do you want me to go into particulars?" he asked, scratching away. 
"Hm? No," said the Mayor, "just the subjects will be fine."
The Mayor considered this a good warm-up for being State Governor where he would be asked to approve much larger projects and in turn get a lot more letters directed at him. It was good for those behind the throne of the state chamber to know he was a man able to push choice projects behind a cloud of bureaucratic mumble jumble, the global financial meltdown and the threat of homeland terrorism, like the Midland Tar Plant. He was quite proud of the Tar Plant approval. He convinced his voters the Middle East situation demanded Midland accept the building of a Tar Plant within City Limits to combat terrorism without due process of town meetings and such. It was important for democracy. 
Sure, when he first became mayor he promised quick fixes. Was it his fault the Lower East Quarter was now suffering from that strategy of using inferior materials to quickly replace aging water pipes in the LEQ? The savings acquired there was spent on the higher quality materials used in the Upper West Side, the bedrock of his support. The sewage infrastructure in the UWS should last for the next 100 years, according to Dave, the project's contractor who also happened to be his high school best friend.
"To start, you have three more negative letters regarding your 'Nature, Naturally' Initiative for the City's parks-" began Donald.
The Mayor shrugged. Hippies. They were a lost cause. 'Nature, Naturally' was a typical can't win political situation. He gave the environmentalists what they wanted by cutting Midland's Parks and Recreation Department down to just one simple man named Bill who drove around town replacing garbage bags. 'Nature, Naturally' allowed the City's Parks to be what Nature, the environmentalists and God intended them to be. In the case of Midland, it turned the parks into overgrown fields covered in weeds, dandelions, and unclaimed dog shit. 
"Two more letters regarding your Public Transportation Initiative -"
No surprises there either. The PT bill was another headache to a certain small segment of the public, but a victory to Midland's Treasury. The PT bill made it illegal for any bikes to be on city routes, forcing those people that were previously commuting via bicycle to work to take the bus. If they were caught on any of the streets by the Midland Police Department their bikes were impounded and could only be bought back during the City's semi-annual auction.  It was a win-win as far as he was concerned. Plus, his research team showed most of those commuters from the Lower East Quarter didn't vote anyways. 
 "And one other one, mailed to you directly, via post." Donald hesitated before continuing.
"Well, what is it?" asked the Mayor. Mailed letters were rare, usually coming from seniors who had not caught on to this technology thing. 
"It's from a six year old girl named Sally. She's asking why you are planning to put an extra tax on overdue library books. It's in crayon."
"Find out who her parents are and put them on The List. Find out how much Sally's overdue fines are. We will waive them, put out a press release of some sort with the appropriate spin."
"Yes sir. Might I recommend an overall clemency to all library users who bring in their overdue books?"
"Like a limited time chance to beat the tax, kind of thing?"
"Yes, sir."
"I like it, add that to the press release. Mention in there that the tax does help with the library's infrastructure or something."  
"Yes sir."
"And this Mrs. Francis, she's not on The List correct? It wouldn't do to have a person of low character take on one of their offices.  "
"Yes sir. You've told me that many times. She's still not on The List." 
"Thanks, Donald. I will let you know when she arrives."
"Yes, sir. Oh, and one thing sir, her address is in the LEQ."
"Thank you Donald, you may leave."
Donald scurried out, hamster-like. The Mayor considered the implication of the contest winner being from the LEQ.
The LEQ was the poorest part of town and as such he was rarely concerned about any of their concerns. Most were so disenfranchised by the voting system they never showed up to vote at any of their rather inconvenient voting stations. When there were some rumblings in the LEQ last election over public transportation cutbacks to the LEQ he arranged for two voting stations to be located outside city limits and seeing as how ironically Public Transit no longer went out that far, the voter turnout last time was only 4%. Years of negligence and trimming of services had conditioned the people there to believe that was what it was always like. If they wanted better parks, more street lights, and less crime they could always move to Lower West Quarter. 
Of course, few could or would ever want to move to any other quarter, preferring to stay at the very least in the area where the majority of the residents were all the same skin color. The Mayor would never say he was racist or advocated segregation although if one were to look at his City Planning since taking office, there would be a fair number of hints. He appreciated the LEQ for what it was, an area of town that kept the privately-run prison well-stocked. As such it also kept many of the residents of LWQ employed. The prison board contributed a large chunk to his election campaigns in return for the need to continually apply for federal assistance and payments in running the prison. Plus, the LEQ was where the Tar Plant was built. 
It was odd for any resident of the LEQ to take an interest in city politics. He paged Donald again. 
"Yes, sir?" Donald said immediately. 
"How many names are on The List now?" Mayor Van Deuce asked. This was the only real number that worried him. He found each name represented 1/2 of one vote as it was proven those who feel secure enough to write letters to people in authority were also secure enough to come out and vote, at least half of the time. 
"As of this morning there are 248 names on The List, including Sally's mom - she's a single mother."
Mayor Van Deuce ignored that information and did a quick calculation. That was nearly 125 possible votes against him. He felt it was still in acceptable range. You couldn't win everybody over and those that he needed to lived in the Upper West Side. That was where the money was and where Bill, the Parks guy, spent most of his days. 
Yet there was trouble brewing. Editor Cannon was becoming more vocal to him about City Hall's censorship, somehow feeling the amount of rejected letters from the Sentinel Time's readers was leading the declining sales of the paper throughout the city. Cannon felt the Mayor should not be able to dictate what could be printed regarding the Mayor and/or City Hall's decisions under the city's bylaw making it illegal to publish or edit any letter that contained profanity or could be considered threatening to local government. The Mayor liked to ask him where he was on 9/11, knowing full well the man slept through the whole day, missing the story of the Millennium due to a cocaine binge.  
"Have you confirmed the reporter from the Sentinel?" he asked Donald.
"Yes sir," said Donald, "the reporter will be here at ten to get some choice quotes from Mrs. Francis and take a photo op. I've already printed out your replies to some questions he may select from, including mention of the upcoming retirement of the state governor."
Mayor Van Deuce smiled. A quick shot of him handing the Key to the City over to Mrs. Francis. He would then be free to take a few hours off before meeting the others. Maybe he would toy with Chief Tracey, as per usual, ask him how his morning was, what he did. It was an evil pleasure he got, pretending he had no idea the Chief was banging his wife. The truth was much more boring; Veronica confided in him they honestly spent most mornings talking about his grandkids and his dream of retiring and opening an office supply store.   
"Thank you, Donald." The Mayor hung up again and reviewed some of the most recent campaign posters yet to be approved. They all contained a variation of the same message; he was a simple, dedicated public servant who was successfully bridging the gap between the masses and government. If the field for State Governor was accepting of the Mayor of Midland who stood on his image of a reliable middle ground who could work well with both Democrat and Republican fundraisers didn't work, he would be out a job. Running for governor required he didn't hold municipal office. It was an all-or-nothing career gamble. 
He felt good about it. If there was a cause, he was behind it. If there was a camera, he was first to smile. He knew the rules and he bent them as needed, for the benefit of everyone even if they didn't agree with him. 
The average citizen of Midland weren't able to see the big picture the way he could. It was why he originally knew he was destined for office, it was why he knew while it was nice to cultivate an image he cared for his kingdom, it was most important he care for himself first. 
 In the big picture, his initiatives were baring fruit. It didn't matter the masses thought the fruit as being largely rancid; the true spoils only being available to those who could afford the ladders to pick from the highest branches so to speak. Everyone else had to wait for the fruit to fall and take it as is, no matter how worm-infested and moldy it was. 
He liked his fruit and ladder analogy and wondered how he could twist it into something a bit more positive for his campaign purposes. Maybe he could run with that concept, avoiding any mention of it was he who planted the trees in the first place. He jotted down 'Ladders for Everyone' on a post-it note and stuck it to a poster to follow up with Donald later. 

His secretary Sandra messaged him from her desk on the other side of the door; Mrs. Francis was here. 
Mayor Van Deuce smiled, typed he would be right out. He stood and checked himself in the mirror again. Not a hair out of place. His suit was simple and clean, as spoke his office. He much preferred wearing his other wardrobe, the one reserved for his trips into the state capital. But to be seen in Midland wearing a $300 tie would not help his image of austerity in tough times, especially considering the implementation of the late library books tax last week.
He opened his mahogany door and smiled. Mrs. Francis was sitting stiffly on one of his waiting chairs. Sandra was trying to look busy but she was there primarily for display purposes only, an occasional buffer for any unwanted phone calls or unannounced visitations. 
"Hello, Mrs. Francis," he smiled, "Welcome to the first day on your new job!" 
She smiled and held out her hand. He took it warmly and shook it. She reminded him of his own grown daughter and told her so.
"I can't believe that someone as young as you is interested in city politics," he said, "I don't even think my own daughter, who must be about your age, knows I am even Mayor." 
They laughed together. Sandra smirked, having heard that line many times before, with daughter substituted for son, mother, wife - whichever seemed the right demographic to whomever was meeting the Mayor. 
"What made you interested in entering the Civic Community Leaders contest, Shelly? May I call you Shelly?"
The woman nodded. She spoke firmly, her voice an octave lower than what Mayor Van Deuce was expecting. 
"I've always been interested in politics," she said, "back in my hometown I was very actively involved in the Rotary, the Chamber of Commerce and the local SPCA."
"Yes, I remember you said you were fairly new to Midland," lied the Mayor. He had no idea of where Mrs. Francis was from, only knowing she was the wife of a volunteer firefighter, daughter of a police officer, and had young children. And he only knew those details because of the short bio in the Sentinel Times on the day the contest winners were announced. She was just another bored housewife who won a contest. This was probably the highlight of her year.
The phone rang on Sandra's desk.  The Mayor wasn't expecting any calls; his wife would be with Chief Tracey right now the next town over. Sandra put the caller on hold. 
"There's a lawyer and a police officer downstairs saying he represents Mrs. Francis in the contest."
Mrs. Francis spoke up.
"That would be Mr. English. He's to meet us after he met with Mr. O'Brien at the police department."
"Oh," said Mayor Van Deuce, "I was unaware there were more legalities. My legal department didn't mention anything."
"Shall I let downstairs know to send them up, your Worship?" asked Sandra.
"Yes," said both of them together.   
Mrs. Francis laughed, albeit in a slightly odd way, like a card player knowing the deck was rigged.
"Apologies, I'm guess I'm not officially the Mayor yet." she said.
"Not, not at all," said Van Deuce, rallying quickly, "it's just a force of habit. You've been the Mayor officially for three minutes now. Of course, Sandra, send them up. And tell downstairs that a reporter from the Sentinel Times will be coming about ten to take a picture of me giving Mayor Shelly the Key to the City."
"Midland actually has a Key to the City?" the new Mayor of Midland asked.
"Yes, want to see it?"
"Sure."
He grabbed the plaque with the ceremonial key that was used in photo ops ever since Mayor Van Deuce commissioned it off of Sandra's desk. There was also a smaller, similar plaque on top of it. 
"The smaller is one for you to keep. We will need the bigger one back for tomorrow. After all, this is the one I use for the pictures."
"You know what they say," the woman said, "it's not the size that matters; it's how you use it."
They both laughed. And again, Mayor Van Deuce felt he was being suckered in some way.
"Would you mind if we took a quick picture of it now? I'd love to send my husband a picture."
"Not at all."
The new Mayor in Waiting pulled out her cell phone, fiddled a few seconds to get it on the camera setting. Outside the office, Van Deuce heard the elevator door open. 
"Say Mayor!" she said, taking the picture, both of them holding the plaque between them. 
"For some reason I imagined a bigger presentation," said the man in the doorway. The Mayor didn't recognize him but like Captain Spencer he knew a lawyer when he saw one. He also knew a cop when he saw one, like the one standing behind him.  He wasn't difficult to identify in any case as the officer was also his sister's boy, Jeffery whom he (through Veronica) convinced the Chief to fast track and get on the payroll despite his lackadaisical views of marijuana use, enforcement and career objectives.  
"Just practicing," said the Mayor. He glanced at his nephew and saw Jeffery was looking more confused than normal. This also made him nervous. "I don't believe we met, Mr.?" 
"English, John English. I am representing Mrs. Francis and the other winners of the Midland Community Civic Leaders contest."
Sandra gasped behind him. 
"Are you the Johnny English? Johnny English from SheetEaters?"
The man smiled.
"Yes, the same. Although the SheetEaters haven't played together in a long time. I sold out, am a lawyer now."
"No way! You are a lawyer? I used to go to all your shows! You once spit on me! I have like four of your bootlegs."  
"Well, thanks I guess."
"No problem, can I get a selfie with you?"
"Sure."
Sandra practically jumped over her desk to get to the ex-SheetEater. They both smiled into her camera as the others patiently waited.
Once done, the Mayor spoke up.
"I don't understand. What do you mean representing? The city's legal team has signed off on the contest as is my understanding. Is there a problem?"
The Mayor was feeling uncomfortable. He didn't like problems he didn't know about first. That was Donald's job.  
"Well..." said Mr. English, "its best you clarify that Mrs. Shelly Francis here is now the Mayor of Midland, correct? You are in full awareness of the contest and its rules."
"Yes, of course. It was my idea."
"Then this is for you." He handed Mayor Van Deuce a sheaf of legal papers. 
 "What is it?" he glanced over at Shelly Francis. She arched an eyebrow and held her phone up. He assumed he was filming her but that was the least of his concerns right now. 
"Mr. Walter Van Deuce, as per contest rules, I, in my role of Mayor of Midland do relieve you of any and all responsibilities related to the position of Mayor as of now. That is a restraining order."
"What?"  Van Deuce spurted, turning from her to the lawyer to Jeffery then back to the lawyer, "What is the meaning of this?"
"According to the rules of the contest, you and the other civic leaders named in the contest have given the winners the authority to enact any decision they see fit," said Johnny English, "I have highlighted the appropriate section for you."
Walter Van Deuce read the section and froze at the one word that changed the context of everything. 
"What? That's not right. That's a typo. It should say 'can't', not can."
"Those are your initials at the bottom correct? You have officially signed off on these documents as being the official rules of the contest. This is a legally binding contract that allows the contest winner to make any decisions without your approval upon taking office. I am here as a courtesy to inform you that you have two weeks to reply via appropriate court documentation."
"Two weeks? I will have this cleared up in two minutes. Sandra, get me Donald and legal on the phone." he snapped.
"Sandra, you pick up that phone you will follow Mr. Van Deuce out the door," said her new boss, Mayor Francis.
Sandra held her hand over the phone, unmoving. Job security was very important to her as she already booked her yearly spring trip down to Cancun next month. 
"Sandra, call legal!" sputtered Van Deuce, "this is preposterous. I'm still the mayor."
"No, you're not," said Mayor Francis, "you are the ex-mayor and have been served by due process. You are not to come within 200 yards of City Hall or its employees. You no longer have access to any of the City's departments, including legal and the city's transportation service. This officer is here to escort you out."
"What? You are taking my car? What am I supposed to use, the bus? I need my car! Sandra, get me legal, now!"
Sandra removed her hand from the office phone. She inched her hand over to her cell phone sitting on her desk, wondering which social media site to post her selfie with Johnny English of the SheetEaters first. 
"Officer, if you wouldn't mind," said the new Mayor, authority coming easily in her voice. "Please escort Mr. Van Deuce from the building."
"Donald! Donald!" Van Deuce shouted towards his ex-assistant's office. 
Midland's City Manager peeked out of his door. He saw the group gathered and feeling it was about two people more than he was comfortable with, spoke from his doorway.
"Yes sir?"
"Donald, get me legal - someone has tampered with the contest rules and I need this cleared up now."
Mayor Francis cleared her throat.
"Mr. Simmons, I am Mayor Shelly Francis, the new Mayor of Midland and therefore your new boss. You will disregard Mr. Van Deuce's request. He will have to find his own legal counsel as Midland's is not available to him."
"Donald, who changed the contract? Who was it?"
Donald stared at them wide-eyed, trying to process what was happening. 
Sandra spoke up, letting him know what was happening in one convenient sentence. 
"The contest rules state the new Mayor can do anything, so this lady has fired May- Mr. Van Deuce."
"What?" he asked, looking confused and scared, like a squirrel in a gun range.
"Donald!" shouted the ex-mayor. "Did you change the contract, you little weasel? Was it you?! Tell me, who did this!"
"I don't know sir, the only ones who handled the contract were you, Sandra, me, the photocopy boy, the legal department downstairs, The Chief of Police, Mr. Canon, his secretary, his legal department he employed, Mr. Gladden of the radio station, his secretary and members of his legal department. Of course, there would be the paralegal clerks as well, and the contest winners all received one to sign after the selection... simply put, sir, there is a lot of people who could have changed the contract. It was up to you and the others to sign once you read and agree to it."
"I know how contracts work, Donald!"
"Mr. Simmons, return to your office. I will contact you shortly for our first briefing." said Mayor Francis. Behind her, the officer and Johnny English said nothing. Walter turned around to face them, his usual regal manner starting to crack.
"I don't know who you are lady or who your lawyer friend here is but when this is done I will see that you both rue the day you came to Midland. Nobody messes with my town, you hear me?"
"Nobody but you, I think you meant to say," said the new Mayor, "Officer, please escort Mr. Van Deuce from the premises. Sandra, hold all calls."
She walked past Sandra's desk and opened the mahogany door. 
"Nice office. I suspected as much. The mirror is a bit large, though." she observed. 
"Look here, I am the Mayor! Get your hands off me, Jeffery or I will tell your mother. I will have the Chief demote you to parking lot attendant!"
"I don't think you can do that, Uncle Walt. The same thing happened to the Chief at the police station this morning."
"What? I thought he was at the Holida-" he stopped, remembering he wasn't supposed to know where the Chief was Tuesday mornings. Much like he was supposed to believe his wife was at a Yoga class. His mind was racing, trying to understand how he lost the office he held for thirteen years in a matter of five minutes. 
His nephew waved a hand towards the door, the other he hitched on his belt, possibly intending to draw attention to his sidearm holstered to his hip.
"Let's go, Uncle Walt. I'm sure you will figure this out."


Chapter 4
The Radio Station Guy

Greg Tramonte sat at his lonely desk, the radio muted so he didn't have to listen to the usual inane prattle that came from down the hall. It was a direct violation of one of Corporates directives to always have the radio on in the reception area but he was okay with it. The chances of anyone coming in from Corporate unannounced was negligible. The chances of anyone from Corporate even knowing where Midland was geographically were only slightly higher. Hed rather listen to the vacuum cleaner than to listen to Doc Rivers and Fat Matt doing their morning show on 92.3 The Squid!, Midlands best (and only) radio station. 
Mr. Carlos, the winner from the Community Leaders contest, was due to show any minute. He would give Greg a chance to have a day out of this hellhole. He had thought of nothing else since last Tuesday. Taking his place on stage at the seniors' hall with the other Community Leaders watching the audience gum their way through the weekly blueberry pancakes special, he had a momentary twinge of pride. That was quickly replaced by embarrassment as time and pancakes went by. An anonymous stranger who entered a free draw was going to replace him. If one looked at in a different way (which Greg often did) it was quite demeaning. 
Then again, he didnt care. He was getting a day off. The budget shortcuts the stations corporate head office thrust on him forced him to work 16 hour days, seven days a week from janitorial to advertising to accounting until he could get more advertisers on board. To do that he needed to prove there were listeners outside of the geriatric market, who typically were working on downsizing the material goods from their lives. As such, the current proven listening audience of The Squid! offered little market for most Midland businesses. 
As it was, he was only one of 6 paid employees. There were the four part-time DJs and Jeff, the one sales guy on salary who was also responsible for the stations now commission-only based sales team. All other duties now fell under Station Director or as the guys liked to say Old Greg. 
Old Greg stared out the window. He thought being thirty and running his own radio station would be amazing. The truth was it was awful. He had no say in the playlists, no say in the promotions or the guests that came into the studio for interviews. All requests were sent to the corporate head office which was located in another state. There, someone he never met and he assumed never been to Midland decided what was best for The Squid!s listeners. 
So not only was he currently an emasculated Station, News, and Music Director, he was also the secretary when any of the three interns failed to show up to sit at the front desk, such as today. He was tired of the revolving door of uncaring, unpaid interns from the high school and college. He didnt know if they were uncaring because they were unpaid or they were in school still. Yet, Corporate insisted they were used to maximum effect to keep salary costs low which in turn increased profits. Most meant well, but all they really do was create more harm than good, if they even bothered to show up at all after their first weekend off. Once in awhile there was a diamond in the rough, such as the intern today, Cindy. 
Much like the music of today, he glumly thought.
Cindy showed a genuine passion for the industry and one expressed she was just as frustrated at her fellow classmates. Most didnt bother to make the effort once they found there was actual more trivial tasks related to the station than picking out music to play. Greg could have added a lot more job identifiers to his current resume, including janitor, reporter and script editor. Most of the interns were awful at putting together cohesive sentences when handing in field assignments. The majority sprinkled their reports with hashtags and acronyms, the handiwork of growing up with social media. It was like they failed to even understand the basic concept of radio being solely an auditory experience. It didnt help hed been having sporadic migraines for the last 38 days which could be a sign of something bigger if he didnt go get it checked out at the hospital one day. 
He would have time to do that today but he already knew what he was going to do. Drive. Drive far, far away and maybe find a field or look-out and just...sit there. Maybe someplace where there was no radio signals, no advertising, nobody. He might bring a book; hed been meaning to read that Motley Crue biography he received years ago from an ex-girlfriend. He could think of no better way to spend a Tuesday. 
Greg wasn't always this embittered over his career in radio. When he first started he was much like Doc and Matt and those diamond interns; a voice full of hopeful optimism, a belief that he was contributing to the discourse of the day framed by music he felt relevant to his generation. All of that chipped away after years of birthday greetings to people he didn't know, discussions of current pop stars dating habits and cheesy regurgitated pop music mandated by Corporate. The constant memos from legal he used to receive, the warnings and the suggestions on how to better his on-air persona deflated his ambition like sharing a hot tub with a bald eagle. Sure there was room for one but why would you want to? He wanted nothing more nowadays to study up on having one of those podcasts he kept hearing the interns talk about. It sounded like the way he envisioned radio was to be back when he was a kid making mixes on his ghetto blaster with the built-in microphone. 
He glanced out the front window and saw an old man get out of an older import Honda. It was Mr. Carlos, a kind-looking man, the kind the radio station would kill in three days if the man was ever to enter the industry in reality. Greg cynically wondered if the man would survive the next eight hours, even if he wasn't the new station manager. He felt guilty for the thought and tried to think of better things, like he would soon be leaving. 
As far as Community Leaders went, Greg was pretty far down Midlands hill of influence. Greg knew his position of radio station director was only included in the contest as it was decided by Midland's Legal department that the Fire Chief was exempt in case he was actually needed in the cause of duty. The bank director also declined, citing federal banking regulations. So too did a lot of the other community leaders refuse the opportunity, from the Wal-Mart franchise manager to the owner of the seven McDonald's to the high school principal. 
As such, Greg was a last minute invite as a Midland Community Leader after it was eventually decided that his position as station director of The Squid! was slightly more prestigious than Bill from the Parks department. It was just another insult in a long line of career insults ever since he was ordered to play that "Fergielicious" song 4x a day for 21 shifts in a row back when he was first broke from being a lowly intern and got on The Squid!s payroll.
Reminding himself of lowly interns, he paged Cindy to come to the front.
Cindy, could you come up front please? Mr. Carlos is here.
Okay! came her enthusiastic reply. 
Greg allowed a smile. Cindy was a diamond. Shed been here nearly five weeks now and was going to be the one to give Mr. Carlos the orientation. It was pretty easy, even the janitor could do it, which was also part of her duties as intern. He imagined she would see this responsibility as a reward for her unpaid work and initiative as a member of The Squid!'. 
Greg cringed every time he thought of the stations name, decided far away in a corporate office that didn't care Midland was nowhere near any squid-based ecosystem. The marketing department said it was 'cool' and 'unique' and 'irreverent', much like the listeners of 'The Squid!'. If it was Greg's decision he would have called it something more appropriate for the Midland listening audience; The Mashed Turnip.
Mr. Carlos will be fine, he told himself, watching the man stop at the hood of his car. I hope hes not having a heart attack...
The old man appeared fine. He was watching a police car pull up beside him. A familiar-looking hipster-suit exited the car from the passenger side. A cop got out of the other. They approached the old man and hipster-suit shook his hand. There was something about his carefully groomed facial hair to that smarmy 'I only listen to indie music' aura about him that annoyed Old Greg. Greg realized the guy was identical to whom he thought he was going to be ten years ago. He hated himself and the radio station a little bit more now. 
What a prick, he thought. He assumed perhaps they were giving the old man a traffic warning or something. That happened a lot around Midland, if the radio call-in guests were any indication. Some even suggested it was a conspiracy to line the city's treasury with traffic fines. And it was a shame it was at the expense of the elderly who lived long and hard to make Midland what it was, not what it currently is. 
Cindy appeared, chewing gum, her hair a usual mess of straw that said 'I don't give a shit' which was perfect for radio. She was holding her weather report in her hand that she repeated twice every hour, four times in the morning rush hour. She was thriving at the station, loving the flirtations with Doc and Fat Matt in the morning, putting up with Hartley's peculiar personality in the afternoon rush hour. Of course, all radio time between the morning and afternoon show was filler from their syndicate; a diabetes-inducing mesh of the latest pop hits and auto tune. 
"Hey Cindy, theres your new boss for the day."
"Awesome!" she said as she looked out the window. Old Greg would have expected nothing more from her. She was perkiness incarnate, with all the cynicism drained out, unlike those whose job it was to be perky, like waitresses and strippers.
"He's the older one outside, not the young one. Or the cop."
"Ahhh, he's adorable. He looks like my grandpa. Maybe that's his son; how does my hair look? I should go introduce myself, right?"
"Let's wait. He'll come in when hes ready. You ready to show him the ropes?"
"But shouldn't he shadow you? You are the station manager after all."
"Yes, well, like I said earlier, you pretty much do everything I do anyways. You practically already are the station manager," he said, which was true. She did the janitor work, filed papers, read the news prompter, got the Dj's their coffees and bagels, answered phones, etc. "and I believe I am not supposed to be here, as per the contest rules. That was a lie, but it felt true. It was all in how he said it, which was in his perfect radio voice. 
She giggled a little. Greg hate-liked her even more. She was a great person and would be a fine DJ or station director one day. Sadly, he saw the future for her if she decided to stick around after her internship. It was the same as most of the others before her; corporate would meet her and feel her enthusiasm and passion for fun. They would tell her that her aura of positivity would make for a great addition to the advertising department, shed go out on location to any of Midland sales events, meet other potential employers who also loved her can-do attitude. Some would offer her a job, usually better paying. If she didnt accept one of those jobs and stuck with the station for a year Corporate would meet her and suggest she make an ideal station marketing manager, with all the concerts and other assorted perks she could handle. 
"You could help him create the playlist this afternoon, get him some tea and biscuits, perhaps tuck him in for his afternoon nap, he kidded, Have Hartley and him on-air for the Drive Home. You could write up some questions for Hartley after you pre-interview him."
"That sounds fun!"
"Sure. Fun. You will be perfect." He looked out the window. "Ok, here they come."
"Awesome!" she went to open the door, leaving Greg slightly ashamed as he remained sitting at the front desk. He wondered why the cop and the hipster-suit were coming in. The old man entered first, limping slightly more from age than injury Greg assumed.
"Hello there, I'm Edward Carlos," he said, "I won that contest?"
"Yes, of course, Mr. Carlos we met at the Senior Center. I'm Greg Tramonte. You're replacing me today." Greg spoke slowly and clearly, as if he was talking to a child for he believed, as did most people, that's the way old people like to be addressed. 
"We did? Probably. Long time ago. My brain isn't what it used to be."
"That's fine, Mr. Carlos. Neither is mine." Already he could hear the silence of nothing calling him where he didn't have to be considerate of others feelings, "this is Cindy, she's going to lead you around today, give you an idea what a real radio station director does."
Hi, Im John, Mr. Carlos lawyer, said the hipster, opening up a briefcase and withdrawing a manila folder. youre the station director?" 
"She may as well be," said Greg, hiding the self-loathing he felt knowing the intern could do just as good, perhaps better job than him, "she's a natural at the radio game."
The lawyer turned to him and Greg realized why he looked so familiar. It was Johnny English, his former band mate and best friend back in high school.
Greg? said the hipster-suit, holy shit!
John. We meet again.
I cant believe it, Greg Theleghammer.
You two know each other? asked Cindy.
Yes, we used to be in a band together, said Greg, before someone stole my girl. Im Tramonte now.
To me you will always be Greg Theleghammer, said the musician turned lawyer, Wow. Been a long time. 
Not long enough. said Greg, scowling at past memories that now surfaced.
Dude, still? It was high school.
It was high school prom. She was my date.
Man, like I told you back then, she was everyones date. Let it go already.
Cindy interrupted, trying to remain ignorant of the underlying hostility that was now in the conversation. 
I didnt know you were in a band, she said to Greg, What were you called?
The SheetEaters, the two of them said together.
No way! Cindy exclaimed, You guys are famous. I used to listen to you all the time when I was in high school. My mom has your CDs. Shes going to be so impressed.
Yeah," said Greg, "well, times change. 
Greg and I founded The SheetEaters but he quit before we really hit it big, explained Johnny, At the time he was the best drummer in the town. He was Pete Best of Midland.
Hey, I know that name, spoke Mr. Carlos for the first time since entering, Beatles, right?
You stole my prom date! Greg said, ignoring the backhanded comparison.
Whatever, you probably dont even remember her name.
Yeah? Well...well, Greg stumbled, as that was true, Still. I really liked her.
"Okay, well Im not here to discuss the past. Although guess what - I just saw Dimebag Don over at City Hall. Who would have thought hed be in politics?
Mr. Carlos coughed, reminding them of why they were all there. 
Oh yes, well, business is business. Im here to present these to the true station director," he said, handing over the folder to Greg. 
He opened it; saw a bunch of legal mumbo-jumbo.
"What is this?" he asked.
"This is restraining order, Greg. You should be familiar with those. There is also a copy of the rules of the contest which state that Mr. Carlos here is free to do whatever he wants in his role of station director. HIs first decision as per contest rules, is that he has decided to terminate you immediately. This officer is here to see you co-operate."
"Right here?" Greg pointed to a section that was more colorful than the rest, "Where it says the winner can do anything they so wish without the blah blah blah?"
Yes.
So you are firing me? he asked the old man, who was looking embarrassed but standing confidently, like a man who was expecting a fight he knew he would win. 
"Yes, he said, and the restraining order states -"
"Okay, seeya!"
Greg thrust the manila folder into the former lead singer of The SheetEaters chest and pushed past startled group. He pushed open the door and threw his fist into the air as he disappeared around the corner. Johnny English was reminded of that end scene in The Breakfast Club, only instead of the cool rebel guy it was the Principal throwing the iconic fist pump. 
The door, knowing a good time for a dramatic pause when it saw one, took its sweet time closing.

The lawyer, police officer, Mr. Carlos and Cindy looked awkwardly at each other then glanced away. Cindy took the manila folder from Johnny English and opened it. Mr. Carlos stared at her cleavage. Johnny English also stared at her cleavage. Cindy stole glances at the officer because she was always impressed by a man in uniform. The officer was trying to look everywhere but at her cleavage for he was a decent country boy at heart.   
Before any of them spoke, Old Greg popped back in.
"I forgot my keys."
"You do have two weeks to -" continued Johnny English.
"No, no - I heard you, restraining order, no longer station director, seems legit to me. Congratulations Mr. Carlos. Good luck! Cindy, show him the ropes. Mr. Carlos - listen to her, shes a diamond."
And with that Greg Tramonte, once Greg Theleghammer, founding member of the SheetEaters, pushed open the door to freedom, sweet freedom. His headache was gone.
  



Epilogue

"Uh, Captain Spencer?" said Officer Basi, one of the few women on the force and a frequent contributor to the cupcakes for morale initiative in the break room. 
Captain Spencer looked up from his computer where he was outlining the department's New Direction outline. After an intense hour with the new Chief and two more intense hours with those officers who showed at the daily briefing he had to admit O'Brien was the real deal. It was nearing four-thirty of one of his busiest days in memory. And while he felt a bit guilty admitting it, it was one of the best days he had in a long time since joining the Force. The New Directions was an amazing re-visioning of the Midland Police Force and its mission statement.
"Yes, Officer?"
"Uh, there was a situation at the golf course..."
The officer paused, noticing the door to the Chief's office was gone.
And?
"Well, Cars 3, 8 and 11 responded and there was an altercation and uh... they are bringing in the suspects."
"Okay, failing to see what's the problem here. Weapons involved? Anyone dead?"
No.
"Okay. Are they known to us?"
"Yes sir, it's the Mayor and the Chief."
"What?"
"Specifically, The old Mayor, Chief Tracey and Mr. Caliente."
"The newspaper editor."
"Yes sir. They had a bit of a confrontation at the golf course and well..."
"They've been arrested and are coming here," he finished for her as Officer Basi was well known to leave sentences hanging.
"Chief Tracey called it in, officer requiring assistance. The White Knights responded and are bringing all of them in. The Chief is not under arrest. And with the new...Chief, well, I just thought you should know."
"Yes, thank you officer. I will let Chief OBrien know."
"Yes sir um, Linda at the front thought you might be interested in today's paper."
I generally dont read the paper, Officer Basi. Matter of principle and personal taste.
Yes sir, she told me that but she said youd be particularly interested in todays edition becausewell
The officer handed him today's edition of the Midland Sentinel Times. He quickly glanced at the headline; MIDLAND MUTINY , noticed there was a cartoon down on the bottom right of the page which was unusual placement. There was another smaller article with the headline 'MESSAGE FROM THE MAYOR' running down the right side. He placed the paper in his Inbox.
"Thank you officer, you may go."
"Yes, sir." Officer Basi turned to leave. 
"Wait. What's their ETA?"
"About five minutes sir."
"Okay, thank you."
Captain Spencer leaned back and rubbed his eyes. He glanced again at the headline and felt it apt for todays events. He would read it later, right after he went to the men's room and checked in with Chief O'Brien. It was becoming quite easy to refer to him as that, as the man definitely was capable of the task. He had no fear of authority, an unsettling yet welcome ability to play to the toughest crowd in Midland. The meeting and briefing was a quick dissection of what was working and wasnt in the department, led as much by those in attendance as those that werent. A situation that needed closure was Chief Traceys White Knights rebellion. After being informed of the change in Chief, they became belligerent and left to go on patrol in the LEQ, despite orders forbidding them to. Chief OBrien took their departure in good ease, encouraging others that wished to defy the chain of command to do so, at their discretion. All who wished to leave had the day off with pay. He informed the packed room that those that wished could arrange to have a one-on-one meeting with him tomorrow to discuss their return and/or concerns. 
Other than the White Knights who had already walked out in a show of allegiance to each other and Chief Tracey, nobody took him up on his offer. 
 
Captain Spencer walked into the men's room to find Chief O'Brien just finishing at the urinal.
"Hello Captain."
"Hello Chief."
"Mind if I ask you a question?"
"If you don't mind me urinating while you ask."
"Not at all. A man has to do what a man has to do."
The Captain smiled at that. The Chief was pretty decent at throwing out the appropriate clichs at semi-inappropriate times.
"First impression; how's morale?"
The Captain took a minute to pick his words carefully. The staff briefing had been one of the liveliest since the police strike three years ago. He couldn't imagine any bigger surprise for the Force since 9/11. The briefing became a complete team re-evaluation and action plan on near all of the police departments more controversial policies. He ticked them off mentally. An announcement that officers could now choose to not wear body armor. A mandatory one gun per partner policy. Weapons were to be concealed as best as possible. Talk first, shoot last. The women officers were to go out on patrol more, a return to foot patrols in the LEQ and more traffic stops in the Upper West Side. The office supplies were also on an honor system now, meaning officers no longer had to file a request for anything from staples to notepads. 
"I think after the initial shock is over, it's going to be pretty good. You've given the officers lots of freedom to police at their discretion. The White Knights will be a problem."
"Yes. I think in a few days there will be a healthy opportunity to have a much-needed purging."
The Captain nodded. Although the Chief didn't come out and directly say it, the White Knights were named that for a reason, not the smallest being their blatant racism reflected in their arrest records. The immediate cancellation of incentive-based arrests in the LEQ was welcomed by the more socially-minded officers, derided by the more profit-oriented ones.  The Chief compared it to removing fuel from a fire. And in the case of the LEQ, the police department was the fuel. 
"I understand Chief Tracey is coming in, despite the court order?"
"News travels quickly. One of his White Knights is bringing him in, I imagine under the cause of duty clause, if you want to split hairs. The Chief called, requesting assistance in stopping an altercation."
"Its fine. I prefer to meet the man personally anyways. He deserves to meet his replacement. Plus, I no longer have a door which helps me hear whats going on better. A lot of officers are talking."
"To be honest I dont think Chief Tracey was a big fan of that door either. The Mayor thought it added a little something foreboding to the position. It's the Mayor and the Editor who have been arrested."
"They didn't take the news of their replacement very well."
"Probably not."
Captain Spencer only knew the Mayor and Editor from short meetings with them. He didnt care for either of them. Pretentious and smug were two words he would use and that was just to start. He'd need a thesaurus for a more apt, long-winded description but in reality would have settled for one word; cancerous. 
Chief OBrien clapped his hands together. He did that often during the briefing. Captain Spencer noticed it was a tell that the Chief was going to change subjects. 
"Right. And the new Mayor has asked us to meet with her as soon as we are able. You must be quite proud."
Captain Spencer zipped up his fly, unsure what to make of that last comment.
"Excuse me?" he said, moving over to the sinks to wash his hands.
"Not at all," said the Mayor, mistaking the question for a prompt to move away from the sink. He clapped his hands again. "Captain, I'd like you there with me when I meet Chief Tracey."
The Captain paused, choosing his next words carefully.
"Are you sure, sir? I don't want to appear to be taking sides, especially as this situation seems to be pretty delicate, career and legally-speaking."
"This is exactly why I am requesting your presence. This is a new era for the police department and I plan on being as transparent as possible. We will be talking with the Chief in the briefing room, its relatively neutral. Van Deuce and Caliente can wait in holding.
"Yes sir."
"We're missing one, he stated, where's the fourth guy?"
"The radio station guy? I dont know sir. I assume he wasnt there."
"Peculiar."
A call came in for them over their radios; the accused were arriving. 
"Acknowledged, separate the accused and put them in holding. Have Officer Basi accompany  he looked over at Chief OBrien, who nodded in answer to his unasked question, Chief Tracey to the briefing room. We will be right there."
Linda from the front desk paged Captain Spencer over his radio.
Yes? Captain Spencer replied. 
"The Mayor is here."
"I know, the Chief said to put him in holding. We will be down shortly.
"No, I mean the new Mayor. She's waiting for you in Chief Tr- Chief O'Brien's office."
"Oh, right. Okay, thank you Linda."
The Chief turned to him. "I take it you haven't heard who the new mayor is."
"No. Surprised its a woman, not many in Midlands politics. I was never interested in this contest. Well, until today. I generally don't read the paper. I find it... humiliating." He couldn't think of a better word to describe his apathy toward Midland's only newspaper. It was a daily dose in twisted facts, distorted perceptions and anti-constitutional propaganda. He felt it was humiliating to his intelligence , the police department and humanity in general. All police matters were shaped by the PLO, who was the talking head of the department and the only officer who gave out publicity photos. He walked through the door the Chief held open for him. The station was quiet, considering who was about to come in. Calm before the storm. 
Then are you ever in for a surprise. Lets go meet the Mayor first, then you can come to the briefing room when you are ready. I believe I will be fine with Chief Tracey. We have lots to talk about."
Captain Spencer frowned. He didnt see any particular reason to meet the new Mayor as a part of him still believed that tomorrow he would be visiting her in a more official capacity and charging her (and probably Chief OBrien) with a slew of charges related to the contest.
They walked through Chief O'Brien's open doorway to find the Midland's new Mayor inspecting some of the framework on the wall. Captain Spencer knew instantly who it was.
"Michelle? What are you doing here?"
"Hi Dad, hi Monty. How is the first day going?"
"Good, Shel, really good. Your Dad here apparently wasn't aware you won a contest recently?"
"No wonder I didn't get a congratulations call!" she laughed as she threw her arms around her dad. Captain Spencer smiled in her embrace and felt a little embarrassed. His hard cop persona melted away to a puddle of clich happy daddy moments when she hugged him. He hugged her back, father to daughter.  
"You're the mayor?" he stammered, "You did this?"
"Well, with a little help of course from a bunch of Midland's concerned citizens. We call ourselves the Midland Betterment Society. Monty here has been best friends with Dave since Kindergarten and Ray is Monty's brother-in-law and Mr. Carlos is - "
"Wait, you know Michelles husband? I thought you were a painter." he directed the question to Chief O'Brien. 
"Yes, and a volunteer firefighter down in the LEQ. Dave is how I know Shelly."
"And who is Ray?"
"Ray is the one who is now the editor-in-chief of the Midland Sentinel Times - Ray Blazer. You really should read today's paper, it will save you all sorts of detective work."
"So you, my daughter and this Ray won the contest?"
"Yes, and Mr. Carlos."
"Who is Mr. Carlos?" 
"Ray's father-in-law. He used to be one of the first DJ's in the state and is now the The Squid!'s new station director as of this morning."
"Right. And my daughter is now the Mayor of Midland." Captain Spencer rubbed his lazy eye as was his own personal habit. There was a lot to process today and to cap it off he was now directly related to the situation in hand by blood. 
"Sure am, Dad - I've accomplished a lot since I blinded you, haven't I?"
Captain Spencer grimaced at his daughter's reminder of the accident, so many years ago which cost him his eyesight but in return brought back his runaway daughter. 
"Is this what this is all about? My eye? I forgave you a long, long time ago, Michy."
"What? My god Dad, it's not all about you. No, this was because Midland sucks. Really, read my editorial in the paper. It's all in there. We have a good two weeks to try to restore some sense of civility to Midland before the legal wheels start interfering in my estimate, even with Johnnys help. Even then, I take it there is going to be a long, protracted court case. I might even be mayor until the next election."
"You think this is some type of joke?" asked Captain Spencer, "this is Midland's police department you are toying with. Real people, real jobs. Real responsibilities."
"Yes, to protect and to serve. And us sheep, us citizens of Midland, we need protection from the shepherds, Dad. This is far from a joke." Mayor Francis stated, standing straighter as she said it. She threw off her daughter persona and replaced it with the dignity of her new office. 
"Midland and its most powerful offices have long been corrupted. You told Mom and me on many occasions that things need to change. We know that. Weve known that since the day weve moved here. We decided to do something about it, something big -"
"Wait, Mom put you up to this?"
"Well, not so much put us up and helped iron out the logistics."
"So you all rigged the contest?"
"No, not at all - we did everything legit."
Excuse me, said Chief OBrien, I think I will take my leave here as I am sure I have a very anxious former Chief of Police waiting with questions. Captain Spencer, come down when you are ready, not before.
Spencer glared at the departing Chief. He didnt care for the implied accusation he couldnt handle his emotions. He was doing a fine job of it now. 
"I will be there shortly, sir. As soon as the Mayor allows me." 
Oh Dad, lighten up. I can feel you burning inside from here. his daughter and his new Mayor said. She sat down on the edge of the desk. 
He breathed deep, stared at the ceiling to collect his thoughts before continuing.
Okay, so how did you do it? he asked, off the record, of course.
"Played the percentages. The contest stated you could enter as many times as we wished. So we did. There were over 2000 entries. I'd say the MBS submitted about 2000 of those. Ray's dad was just a happy coincidence. He only entered once. Nothing illegal at all."  
"Hey, did you need a new water bottle in here?" asked the Water Guy, poking his head in. Captain Spencer took the opportunity to turn away from his daughter. He saw the newspaper on the desk, the byline message from the mayor and in that smaller print were the words every Dad should be proud to read 'by Mayor Shelly Francis." 
His daughter was now the mayor of the city. It was mind blowing. 
"No thanks," she said to the Water Guy.
"Okay. An officer told me to let you know there is some trouble in holding."
"Odd from a procedural standpoint for you to tell us but okay."
"He didnt so much tell me to tell you but I thought I should tell you. He was pretty busy fighting with another officer.
Fighting another officer?
Not exactly fighting, more tasering. Then theres another officer locked in one of the cells and yelling a lot.  Its pretty fucking nuts down there. 
Captain Spencer spoke into his radio.
All officers to the holding area, immediately.
In the background he could hear a few chairs scraping as those who decided to stick around headquarters to break the days events to the afternoon shift answered the call. Captain Spencer wanted to go as well. Something told him it was going to be the station's first taser fight and would be something to witness for the ages. Yet he still had some questions for his daughter.
She smiled at him. He smiled back. 
He saw a hint of the future. He was proud his daughter was going to be part of it. What more could a Dad ask for?  
