
Taking Whats Hers
The Billionaire Deception


By Holly Rayner

Copyright 2015 by Holly Rayner

All rights reserved. Except for use in any review, the reproduction or utilization of this work in whole or in part by any means, now known or hereafter invented, including xerography, photocopying and recording, or in any information storage or retrieval system, is forbidden without the explicit written permission of the author.

All characters depicted in this fictional work are consenting adults, of at least eighteen years of age. Any resemblance to persons living or deceased, particular businesses, events, or exact locations are entirely coincidental.


Also by the author:

The Billionaires First Christmas - http://amzn.com/B00QSO9J36

The Billionaires Obsession  An Heir At Any Price Book One - http://amzn.com/B00NR3JW2E



Table Of Contents:


CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
CHAPTER NINETEEN
CHAPTER TWENTY
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE



~

CHAPTER ONE

~



ERIN


I hung up the phone and squealed. I couldnt help it, I was so excited. I jumped up off the couch in my apartment and did a happy dance. I danced around the room for a full five minutes before I realized that my roommate Grant was standing in the doorway of his room with his arms folded across his bare chest and an eyebrow raised. His dark eyes were dancing with amusement as I stopped dancing and smiled an embarrassed little grin. 

I got good news, I said, sheepishly. On the phone.

He let his lips curve into a smile. Although there had never been anything between Grant and I other than friendship and a lot of common interests, it was easy for me to see what so many women saw in him. He was tall and broad and muscular. His messy brown hair always looked uncombed but gave him a sexy kind of edgy look and his dark green eyes topped it all off. It had taken me a while to get used to living with a man who often forgot to put on his shirt around the house. 

Im glad to hear it, he said casually, as he made his way past me and to the kitchen. I thought maybe you had seen a mouse and were just jumping back and forth out of the way.

I laughed and yelled after him, You know I have skills. It wasnt true. I was a nerd. I was a super-smart, straight-A, type A personality nerd. Dancing was my thing when I did ballet as a kid. After I turned thirteen it was all academics from there. 

My claim to have skills drew a laugh from the kitchen. Grant knew I was a nerd, but loved me anyways. He was one of those people that the Gods had showered with not only extreme intelligence and looks, but athletic prowess as well. He could dance. 

I followed him into the kitchen, and as he was pouring himself a cup of coffee I said, Ask me what Im so excited about.

He turned and leaned himself up against the counter and took a sip of his coffee. Everything he did was so casual. Sometimes I found it calming and other times, like now, it was maddening. At last he said, So, Erin tell me, what has gotten you so happy that youre dancing like no one is watching in the middle of our living room? He didnt add, Thank God no one was watching. But I could see it on his face.

Well Grant, thank you for asking Finally! I just got off the phone with a lady named Brenda

Grant interrupted me with a squeal. Then he clapped his hands together and said, No wonder youre so excited! Brenda called!

I folded my arms and waited for his sarcasm to pass. When it did I said, Are you finished with your sarcastic outburst? He was grinning, quite proud of himself Im sure, but he nodded. May I go on? Still grinning, he nodded again and took another sip of his coffee. Brenda is the woman that heads up the Human Resource Department of Hunter Corp. She has just invited me for an interview drumroll please Grant feigned a drumroll and I said, Im interviewing for Hunter Corps newest and brightest star Chief Business Development Officer! He was still waiting so I said, You may applaud now. 

Grant was kind enough to not only applaud, but to offer a whistle as well. Then we both grew serious and he said, Wow Erin, thats better than what youve been hoping for. Im proud of you.

Well, I havent got the job yet.

You will, he said. But you and I know the invitation to apply for that position alone says a lot. I still want it on record that Im not so sure this is the best way for you to go after what you want.

What belongs to me, I corrected. His worrying wasnt going to spoil my mood. I couldnt stop smiling, this was huge! This was what Id worked so hard for. I need to go pick out something to wear! I said suddenly. 

When is the interview? Grant asked. He dropped the lecture, I was sure that was only temporary, but I was grateful. 

Tomorrow at nine a.m.

You better hurry then, you only have twenty-four hours, he called after me. I could hear him laughing as I rushed off. 

I know! I feel the pressure! I laughed, but the truth was, I did. As I looked through my walk-in closet trying to decide which outfit looked most like something a CBDO would wear, I reflected back on the long road it took me to get this far. Everything I had, everything I knew was stolen from me when I was just a kid. I could have accepted that and moved on. I was intelligent and capable enough that I could build something new on my own merits, but all throughout high school and college while I worked my behind off to get that MBA there was always that need; that drive to get back what was taken from me. 

My parents struggled while my father built his company so that by the time I was born, I could have everything. I wasnt as angry about that being taken away from me as I was about the opportunity to do it being taken away from them. Meanwhile, every time I picked up a newspaper or a financial magazine, the face of the man who had stolen my legacy seemed to stare out at me. James Hunter is the name of the thief and the coward who stole what was rightfully mine. I call him a coward because truthfully what other kind of a man would steal from a child? A man who will steal from a child will do anything to get ahead. In my senior year of college I finally decided that it was not only about revenge getting even with James Hunter was my civic duty. If he would do what he did to a thirteen year old girl, he would do it again, to someone else. Taking back what he took from me would be a step towards stopping him from doing that. 

I started taking internships, paid or not, in my senior year of college. I worked so hard and did such a good job that after I graduated, I had multiple job offers in the corporate world. The first year, I worked two jobs. It wasnt very conducive to being a young, twenty-something single in the city, but it was a way for me to learn and grow in my field. I needed to first get my foot in the door to what was still a Mans world and then once Id proven myself I could move on to the one goal Id been focused on since the day my parents died: taking back what they had built. 

I eventually landed a position as a top executive in one of Manhattans most prestigious business firms, Lyon Enterprises. For a year and a half I had worked sixteen hour days and I was the driving force behind that company branching out and going from a national conglomerate to a multi-national one. There was even talk about me being headed for the position of CEO someday when and if Mr. Lyons ever decided to give up the reins. Its what the board had been grooming me for all along. If I made it there before I was thirty, which gave me six years, I would be the youngest woman CEO in the business. Thats where some people might get confused about why I would leave a position like that and take a job with Hunter Corp.

Hunter Corp. had a CEO already, and that CEO had a young son, I think I read that he was twenty-six and James Hunter had been grooming him to take over the business since his late teens. As a matter of fact, Id read in the last issue of Forbes that James Hunter was CEO in name alone these days, his son, Seth, had pretty much taken over the reins. That was okay though, I didnt have any qualms about taking back what was mine from either of them. I was a firm believer in the apple not falling far from the tree.

I re-focused on my outfit for my interview and finally settled on a light grey suit jacket with a matching skirt and a pale yellow blouse. I picked out a pair of heels that matched and a bag. I looked at myself then in the full-length mirror and took a deep breath. I was ready for this, I told myself. My credentials were golden, my record with Lyon Enterprises spoke for itself; all I had to do was make it through an interview with the man who stole my legacy. Piece of cake, right? 


~

CHAPTER TWO

~



I got to Hunter Corp. at 8:45 a.m. the next day. Id been up since five, and the truth be told, I hadnt slept much of the night. I had my long, wild, red Irish hair tamed back into a nice, neat, professional bun and my make-up said I cared about my appearance, but not too much. The green tortoise shell glasses that I wore helped me see, but they also highlighted the green in my hazel eyes. I was dressed to impress. Now hopefully the fact that I was a nervous wreck wouldnt work against me. 

I let the receptionist on the fifth floor know that I was here for an interview. I gave her Brendas name since I wasnt sure who I would be seeing today. I was both hoping for and dreading a meeting with the great and powerful James Hunter himself. Hed been lauded in more than one financial periodical as, The Greatest Businessman Alive. Every time I even thought about that headline, I became furious and a little bit sick to my stomach. He was no better than a common thief as far as I was concerned, plain and simple. He may as well be a purse-snatcher, or even a shoplifter. A thief was a thief and I had no respect for someone that would take something that didnt belong to them for any reason. If he was such a great businessman, why couldnt he build his own legacy? 

Miss Summers? the receptionist called for me.

Yes! I stood up quickly with a smile. My stomach was turning somersaults. She smiled at me like she knew I was anxious and sympathized. I hoped that it wasnt apparent on my face and I willed my hands not to shake as I reached for my portfolio. 

Mr. Hunter will see you now. 

Those six words sent my stomach from a somersault into a free-fall. I was usually the picture of confidence, at least in public situations and business arenas. I knew that I was qualified for this job and any other time Id be on top of my game, but this was James Hunter the man I had hated for the past eleven years. The man I intended to destroy. I nodded at the receptionist and forced a smile. As I followed her into the next office I swallowed the anxiety that was stuck in my throat. My stomach could take the brunt of this. I needed my brain sharp and my limbs steady.

Mr. Hunter, this is Miss Summers. The big leather chair behind the heavy oak desk turned around. Sitting in it was the most drop-dead gorgeous man that Id ever seen in my life. There was no way that this could be James Hunter. 

He stood up and held out his hand. Smiling to the full effect of the deep dimples on either side of his face, he looked at me with the bluest pair of eyes Id ever seen and said, Im so happy to meet you Miss Summers. Im Seth Hunter. 

It took me a full five seconds to find my voice. It seemed like minutes, or even hours as he stood there waiting for me to shake his hand. On the verge of an embarrassingly long pause, I finally took it and felt a spark of electricity shoot up my arm just with that simple touch. I mentally kicked myself in the butt and again I re-focused.

Hello Mr. Hunter. Im so pleased to meet you, and happy to be here. 

Have a seat Miss Summers, and please, call me Seth. Mr. Hunter is my father. 

That was what I needed to snap back to reality. Yes, this man was absolutely beautiful, and yes, the room felt like it was suddenly charged with sexual energy but I was here to destroy this mans father and if I had to, him in the process. I needed to hold onto the anger I felt surge through me when hed mentioned his fathers name. It was going to get me through what I needed to do. 

I sat down in one of the chairs opposite him just as a middle-aged, balding man with a paunch rushed in the door. Im sorry, Seth. I just got out of the meeting with the auditors.

Its fine, Harlan, we were just about to start. Harlan Broderick this is Erin Summers. Harlan is our CFO and he is also someone the person who accepts the position you are interviewing for will be working closely with.

Im honored to meet you Miss Summers. I read your portfolio and I have to say I wasnt only impressed, I was quite envious of all that youve accomplished at such a young age.

Thank you, sir. Ive heard great things about you as well, I told him. I wasnt making that up. My research about Hunter Corp. had netted me more than one fan of his. It seemed that he was a competent, intelligent man who was also very easy to work with. He attracted clients to the company like flies.

Please, no sirs around here unless you run into the senior Mr. Hunter in the hallway, Harlan said. It was good that they kept mentioning him. It kept that anger surging. Call me Harlan, he said.

Thank you, I said to him. And both of you please call me Erin.

So Erin, Seth said, opening the file he had in front of him. What do you know about the position youre applying for today?

The CBDO is in charge of developing elaborate business plans and designing and implementing processes to support business growth

And how would you support business growth? he asked. 

Not by stealing it, I wanted to say. Instead, I said, Through customer and market definition. That would include working together with clients as well as business partners such as suppliers and sub-contractors, JV partners, our technology providers

Seth was nodding, and Harlan looked impressed. Seth started to ask another question, but I wasnt quite finished with that one yet. I would also be responsible for building and maintaining high-level contacts with our current and prospective customers and other business and project partners.

Seth smiled. I wish he wouldnt do that. I found it easier to hate him when he didnt look good enough to eat for lunch. 

Very good, he said. So let me ask you this lets say you bring in a prospective customer and hes on the fence about his business with our company versus another. Would you hand him off to our marketing director from there?

Absolutely not. Once I identified a prospective client, it would be my job to drive them through to the contract award. Id do that of course by emphasizing to them how skilled we are at identifying new customers and markets and developing new approaches to old markets. I would also be on top of all proposals and follow their preparation from start to finish.

The men looked at each other. I could tell that my business acumen was not only impressive to them, but somewhat startling. No doubt, even though theyd obviously read my resume and portfolio they still hadnt expected a twenty-four year old woman to be so prepared. Harlan went next, asking me what other strong skills I had that I thought would be beneficial for this position.

Well, one thing I have had a lot of success with at Lyon is developing marketing strategies. I gave them some examples of that and then I went on to say, I have also managed entire proposal teams and client account managers very successfully if I might add. 

The interview lasted about forty-five minutes. Seth was obviously smart and in spite of being James Hunters son, well-educated and suited for the role he currently filled within the company. I wasnt sure if that was more to my advantage or disadvantage I guess time would tell. He asked me a lot of tough questions, and I answered them. I didnt feel like there was anything he asked me that I wasnt familiar with. Harlan seemed to like me a lot. I think I had him at the description of my job duties. Seth also seemed impressed with me and not bored or in a hurry to get rid of me so that was a good sign. They gave me the opportunity to ask questions and once again I was prepared with some of what I thought were intelligent, insightful questions and comments. When the interview was over, Harlan told me once more how impressed he was with me. Then I turned to Seth, who seemed to trap me in his blue gaze. 

Im also impressed with the amount of work you put into researching this company. A lot of people forget thats a vital part of an interview. Im glad that you didnt. Listening to you talk about our company sounded as if youve already worked here for a decade. I think you could teach me and Harlan a few things that we didnt know. If he only knew. We have a few more interviews and hope to make a decision by early next week, so someone will be in touch Erin. Thank you so much for coming in. I shook both their hands and thanked them. I could feel my insides shaking as I made my way outside. As I was going through the outside door after saying good-bye to the receptionist, a tall man with dark hair and gray at the temples was coming in the door. He was well-dressed in an expensive suit and his skin was tanned and healthy looking with just a touch of fine lines around his dark blue eyes. I didnt have to look twice to know it was James Hunter the man who had stolen my life. 

He didnt even seem to notice me as he somewhat rudely brushed past me and barged his way into his sons office unannounced. He was just as ill-mannered as I would have suspected a thief to be.
	


~

CHAPTER THREE

~



I walked out of Hunter Corp. with my head held high, smiling at everyone I saw and if anyone didnt know better they would think I had just landed a job in the executive suite I came out of. Once I made it to the parking garage and got into my car I just sat there for a long time, allowing my body to tremble and shake the way it had wanted to do all day. It was taking every bit of brain power I had to keep myself steady during the interview. It actually felt good to allow them to do what they needed to do. 

When my hands were steadier I reached into my bag and took out the bottle of water Id put in there this morning. I took a healthy drink and then I had to sit there a while longer while my irritable stomach settled. The nerves Id been tamping down all morning finally wanted their just dues and they were turning into seeds of self-doubt that planted themselves inside my head. I was suddenly afraid that the anger I felt when Seth mentioned his father had shown through my facade. At the time, I thought that I was hiding it well, but now I had to ask myself whether or not I really had. I was not a good liar. I hadnt practiced it much in my lifetime. What if he saw through me? What if he saw the angry look in my eyes when he mentioned his father? For starters I wouldnt get the job. Could they damage my career beyond that if they wanted to? 

I consciously slowed down my breathing and took another sip of my water. I leaned my head back into the seat and closed my eyes, allowing myself only positive talk in my head. The interview had gone great, better than most of the ones where Id gotten the job. I was fine, everything was going to be just fine. My nerves were coming down slowly. I concentrated on the fact that I needed to stop second-guessing myself; it wasnt going to do anything but agitate me, right? I thought about passing James Hunter in the hall and I had to wonder if I would be able to do that every day without ever letting him see the anger and the hate that I had felt for him for so long. That anger was what motivated me most days. Taking back what was mine from James Hunter had become so important that my entire life was designed around it at this point. Id put my life on the back burner. It was one of the things Grant used when he was in lecture mode about what I was doing. At twenty-four years old everything I did was with one end goal in sight to get back what that man took from me when I was too young and too innocent to fight for it. I rarely dated and a relationship would just take precious time away from my plan as far as I was concerned. I would have time for all that later when I was running my own company.

I took one last drink of water and another deep breath and I started the car. I was still practicing the self-talk as I drove home. I was intelligent and capable; I graduated from my MBA program at the top of my class. Id excelled at practically everything Ive ever done in my life. When I put my mind to it, I can do anything; I will excel at this as well. I talked to myself like that from the parking garage at Hunter Corp into the parking stall in front of my apartment just outside of the city. 

I walked into my apartment with a great feeling and my head once again held high. Id taken some time off that I had coming from Lyons. I felt bad about job shopping, or even thinking about it when I was on the clock there so Id cashed in on two weeks of vacation. It was only a portion of what I had coming. I didnt take sick days, I didnt take days off, and since I was thirteen years old, I hadnt been on a vacation. Id thought it was a good idea at the time, but after being home for five minutes the wheels in my head were turning again and I realized that I probably would have been much better off if I had something more productive to keep my mind on while I waited for Seths call. Seth Hunter, the man who sat in the chair that I should be sitting in and looked so comfortable doing it. That thought caused another surge of anger to boil its way to the surface. As I walked around the apartment fluffing pillows and straightening pictures on the walls I could actually feel my blood pressure rising at the thought. 

I was suddenly that little girl again. I could see my thirteen year old self. I was privileged, raised by two loving parents in a wealthy home in a part of upstate New York that was completely untouched by the grime, pollution and crime of the city. I was over-indulged at times, but not spoiled rotten. My parents taught me the value of hard work, honesty and integrity. I was happy and I was nave. I had no idea how fast a persons life could change. In the blink of an eye that day, I had gone from someones much-loved child to an orphan.

Louisa Romano was my mothers housekeeper. She was an amazing, fun, vivacious, loud Italian lady in her fifties and I loved her. She was at our home more than my parents were sometimes because of their hectic schedules. She had morphed from a housekeeper into a cook and a babysitter and a best friend. It was poor Louisa, who was saddled with the task of telling me that there had been an accident that day,

Honey She was late and I had been worried she wasnt coming that day. 

Louisa! I ran into her arms and after a few seconds I realized that she wasnt letting me go. Louisa wasnt a small woman and she was holding me too tight. When I wriggled free at last, I realized that her pretty red cheeks were covered with tears. Louisa, whats wrong? Why are you crying?

She took my face in her hands and said something in Italian. It was something I since learned meant, Poor baby girl. 

Youre scaring me, I told her.

Im sorry, baby. Its terrible news Your parents, they were in an accident.

Oh my God! Where are they, Louisa? Will you take me to them?

She collapsed in a torrent of tears then and I knew before she pulled up her tear-stained face and looked at me again that I was never going to see them again. The next few weeks were the worst of my life. First there were the funerals and the wakes. My parents knew a lot of people, so the house was never empty. Then came the trip to the lawyers offices. Louisa would go with me and I was so numb at the time I didnt realize that they were searching for other relatives as far away as Ireland. They finally found some cousins of my mothers in Belfast who said they would take me. 

Louisa no! Please dont let them take me! I begged her, clutching onto her dress and refusing to be torn away.

Louisa ran her hand soothingly along my long curls and said, Dont cry baby. No one is taking you. She filed a petition for custody and because I was a teenager and Louisa had a sterling reputation in her own neighborhood, it was approved. In my thirteen year old mind, Louisa would live in the big house with me until I was old enough to make it on my own

Two weeks after that we were called back to see the lawyers. They were different ones this time and Louisa told me that it was about my inheritance. I sat and listened as they talked about my fathers business and how he supposedly owed so much money against it that even selling the house and all the furnishings wouldnt save it. That was the first time I heard James Hunters name. His lawyer was there, and he said that James could pay the debt and in doing so, the company would revert to him. They talked in a lot of big terms that my young mind didnt understand, but when the day was over I understood two things: I was losing the only home I had ever known, and I was losing my fathers legacy.

Erin! I jumped about two feet off the ground. Turning around, I saw Grant and his latest girlfriend Bethany, a professional artists model, standing inside the apartment doorway looking at me like I was crazy.

What? Why are you yelling at me?

We said hello, and we didnt sneak in, you know how noisy the lock on this door can be. What the heck were you thinking about? Grant loosened his tie and pulled off his sport coat. 

I was just wondering how I did in the interview today, I told him.

Oh, ruminating over things, he said with a grin. I should have done this or said that

I sat down in the chair while he and Bethany took the couch. Bethany was beautiful, there was no doubt, but I found her somewhat lacking in the brains department. I found that to be blaringly obvious now as she looked at Grant and said, You should have done what, sweetie?

Oh no, Grant said. I was talking to Erin.

Well, excuse me, she said. If youd like me to leave while you tell her what you should have done or said I could tell that Grant was amused. The really amusing thing was that in about a week he would no longer be amused, but instead he would be annoyed. The shelf life on the long flouncy hair and the plastic boobs was about that long as far as he was concerned. He was a player, but I guess a single, gorgeous man in Manhattan at the age of twenty-five is supposed to be. It took my mind back to Seth. I wondered if he was a player.

Grant rolled his eyes at her and turned his attention back to me. Im sure you aced it, he said. You are by far one of the smartest people I know. Bethany looked wounded and Grant just gave her a look that said, Really?

I had to stifle a smile as I said, Thank you, Grant. It wasnt terrible I dont know I walked out of there thinking that Id done a fantastic job. I just have the tendency to second guess myself in situations like this.

Yes, you do, he said with a smile. Historically, if youll remember, it has been with no reason. You always excel. So, Bethany and I are going to grab some lunch. I dont have to be back to work until two. Come with us.

I dont think so

Why? Because you have so many more picture frames to adjust on the walls this afternoon?

I laughed, he was right. I didnt have a single other thing to do today except for obsessing and that was going to help no one. Okay. Let me change. Ill be right out. 

As I was headed into the bedroom to change I heard Bethany say, She would be a really pretty girl if shed lose the glasses and the bun.

With or without them, Grant said. Shes amazing. 

The lunch with Grant and his girlfriend was nice. Bethany was not the brightest bulb on the tree, but she was sweet and funny even when she wasnt aware that she was making a joke. Grant and I were cut from the same kind of cloth. We were both driven to succeed and we often forgot to be anything but serious. Bethany was fun and silly and she seemed to have the ability to make light of just about any situation. Im sure that beyond her obvious, assets that was what attracted Grant to her. It was a nice afternoon, but it was only one. Grant was busy the rest of the week and everyone else I knew worked hard Monday through Friday so the rest of the week was excruciating. 

By Friday night I had every closet, cupboard and drawer in the house neatly organized and without so much as a speck of dust in the corner. The laundry was done pretty much as soon as it got dirty. I watched more television than I had in an entire year and I was contemplating calling off my next week of vacation if I didnt hear back about the job soon. As I sat there watching Dateline and wondering why people get married if theyre just going to have to worry about killing their spouse and covering it up, Grant burst through the front door.

I need a drink.

I turned to look at him. He had on a black shirt that was unbuttoned slightly at the top and a pair of light wash jeans. His hair was as messy as ever and he had a sexy five oclock shadow thing going on. I hadnt seen him when he got home from work; Id gone to the grocery store for the third time that week. That was the other thing about being home all day, I was eating way too much. Since it was Friday night, I had just assumed he and Bethany were out. 

Bad date? I asked as he rushed by on his way to the kitchen. I could hear him opening and closing cabinets.

The worst. He slammed a few more cabinets and then finally asked, Where is the vodka?

In the freezer, I told him.

I heard him open the freezer door and then say, Hmm, why is it in the freezer?

It keeps it fresh. 

Okay then. You want one?

No, I didnt have a bad date, I called back. I heard the tinkle of ice cubes in a glass before he came back into the living room with a glass of clear liquid in his hand.

He stopped and leaned against the doorway that led from the living room to the kitchen and said, No, you didnt. You obviously didnt have any date at all. What are you doing home in your pajamas at ten p.m. on a Friday night? You know youre only twenty-four years old, right?

Im tired of bad dates, I told him. And besides, this week I just dont have the energy. The truth about my love life was that I had trust issues when it came to men. My father died on me, James Hunter stole from me and my first serious boyfriend in college cheated on me. What was a girl to think?

Grant came over and sat down next to me on the couch. When he saw what was on the television he laughed and said, Dateline? Are you sure youre only twenty-four?

Shut-up, I told him. I just like to be well informed.

Going stir crazy?

Oh my God Im almost suicidal, I told him.

He laughed again and said, You know there is this brilliant new device called a cellular phone. You dont have to sit home every day and night waiting for a call you go out and you take the phone with you. If they call you it rings right there in your pocket or purse.

Youre hilarious, I told him. Im not staying at home because Im afraid Ill miss their call.

He sat back and drained his drink, Then why are you? Youre gorgeous, youre young, and youre smart. You live in Manhattan

Arent you the guy who just busted in here complaining about the worst date ever?

Yes, but I at least went on a date. As a matter of fact it was with Bethany so technically I had a week of dates since nary a day went by that I didnt see her. I could tell by the way he said it that he was sure it would be their last date. 

So why was it so bad? I asked him. 

We were at dinner at La Boulogne

 You took her to La Boulogne? I didnt know it was so serious.

Oh be quiet! I told you last week that I was trying to change my ways. I thought since shed been good to me I at least owed her a nice dinner. Now where was I? Grant had history also of being kind of a cheap date. He got away with it because he had such a pretty face. 

You were at La Boulogne with Bethany

Right, so were there and first thing we see is my boss

Your supervisor, Mick?

No, my boss. The boss! The CEO of the frickin company.

Wow, did he recognize you? 

Yes he did. I see him every Monday morning in our staff meeting and I sat with him and his wife at the Christmas party. He knows me well. Anyways, he said hello and we introduced our dates and talked a bit

Wait! Your dates? Didnt you just say he was married?

Mm hmm, it gets better, he said. So we get to our table and I have to order her dinner

Why did you have to order it for her?

Because she doesnt read French.

The menu is in French?

No I mean yeah, the French dishes are of course in French but well, you know what I mean.

Afraid so, I said. I could see that he was getting that she wasnt the sharpest tool. That wasnt even the really bad part though.

What was the bad part?

Im getting to that, he said. We get our food and Im making conversation and I mention that my boss has a wife. Bethany says, Oh thats so nice that she lets him have time out with his friend. I laughed. I should have tried to explain to her that the friend didnt look like someone who kept up on business and finance. I seriously doubted that the girl knew he was married. By that time I had been explaining things to her all night, and I was worn out. Maybe I didnt do a very good job of stressing the part about discretion. Anyways, while we were waiting for dessert, she gets up and goes to the bathroom of course passing right by my boss and his date. 

Oh no.

Oh yes. Im innocently testing the cheesecake when I look up to see her standing at the edge of their table. She has that silly smile she gets on her face; you know which one I mean?

I do know the one, I said.

Well that wasnt the bad part. The bad part was that the date looked shocked she had no idea she was out with a married man. My boss had probably just picked her up at the hotel bar. The boss was obviously pissed and he was looking right at me. 

She said something about his wife, obviously.

She told his girlfriend that she applauded her and the wifes ability to get along and not be jealous of one another and she thought the whole world could learn a lesson from their example.

Oh my god! Did she use that one when she was in the Miss Universe Pageant like World Peace? I was laughing, What did they say?

Nothing, to me. I have no idea what they said to her because as soon as she came back and told me what she said, I got her a cab and I left. I guess I will know on Monday if I still have a job.

Wait, before you left, did you pay the bill?

He laughed, Of course I did. What kind of cheap swine do you think I am?

I was laughing again. When he finished his story I gave him a hug and said, Thank you.

For what?

Making me laugh. It was the best distraction all week.

Better than naked Wednesday? he said.

You were naked on Wednesday? I didnt even notice. He acted like his feelings were hurt and then we both laughed again. It was a fun end to a miserable week. I loved my friend, and since he was the only one left in the world who knew the real me that made it even better. 



~

CHAPTER FOUR

~



I woke up Monday morning determined to just call my boss and tell him that I had decided one week of vacation was more than enough. Grant had nursed me through the weekend with a half dozen rounds of miniature golf, two chick flicks and the worst two games of bowling that were ever played. I loved him for it, but he had to go back to work today and another day home waiting for the phone to ring was liable to put me over the edge. I sat up in bed and looked at the time; it was about eight-fifteen. I reached for the phone just as it rang. My stomach pulled up in brand new knots when I saw the caller I.D., it said, Hunter Corp.

I took a few deep breaths and on the third ring I pushed answer and said, Hello, in what I hoped was a very professional voice.

Hi is this Erin Summers?

Yes it is.

Hello Erin! This is Harlan Broderick from Hunter Corp.

Hi Harlan, how are you?

Im fantastic, and yourself? I am dying to know why youre calling man!

The same Harlan. Its good to hear from you.

Well, I think youll be even happier to hear from me when you hear that I am calling you to offer you the position you applied for with our company.

I was trying not to squeal and in the process, I let out a little squeak. I composed myself as much as I could and then I said, Thank you so much! Im so happy about this, Harlan.

Youre very welcome; were going to be very lucky to have you aboard. Im going to have you call Brenda in Human Resources and shell lead you towards what you need to get done to start.

Thank you again, Harlan.

Youre welcome. Young Mr. Hunter was very impressed with you, and Ill tell you that he is not the easiest man in the world to impress.

I thanked him one more time and allowed myself a squeal when I hung up. I was finally on my way to claiming what was rightfully mine and I couldnt wait. I didnt realize it just then, but it was going to be another long week. The first thing I did was give my notice to Mr. Lyons who looked like he might cry when I told him. He tried everything he could think of to cajole me into staying, but when the meeting came to an end at last, he hugged me and told me that as soon as I wrapped up whatever loose ends I may have that I was free to go. He had a daughter that had just graduated NYU and he would train her for my position. I felt better about leaving him knowing that. 

Then, I called Brenda. She had me come in the next day and I spent hours going over the paperwork and signing at least a hundred documents. I watched welcome videos and read internet articles about the company. It was all part of the new employee orientation that even executives cant escape. I lived through it all. On Sunday I noticed Grant scrutinizing me with those deep brown eyes of his.

Can I help you? I asked him. I knew he had something on his mind and he wasnt sure if he should bring it up or not.

I know that we had this conversation before, when you applied at Hunter Corp

Youre worried about me.

I am. I just keep thinking that this man who was smart enough to seize an entire company under the guise of paying off its debts within weeks of the owner dying Hes not going to be an easy one to fool.

Thats true. But you know me, Grant. You know me better than anyone alive. Im not going into this thinking it will be easy, or that it will be quick. Im prepared to work hard for the company. Im only helping myself there in the long run, right? Im also prepared to be content with doing that for as long as it takes for me to be in a position to find things.

What kind of things do you think youll be able to find?

 The best that I can hope for probably are the old financials on the business. When James Hunter took it over, he inherited all of the old books. I want to see for myself that my father was not in financial straits. I dont believe it for a second. I didnt believe it when I was thirteen years old.

 You dont think that Hunter would have been smart enough to get rid of them?

Well you and I both know that he probably doctored them to begin with or he wouldnt have been able to say my father was in the red. Then he would have had to keep them for the IRS for at least seven years Im just hoping that by that time he was so comfortable with what hed done he didnt even think about going back and shredding them. If theyve been doctored, Im sure theres a way to prove that, right?

Sure, yeah Im sure. I just have a bad feeling about you putting yourself in this position. Couldnt you have the SEC investigate?

No, this is a civil matter according to everyone Ive talked to, not criminal. I have to do this myself. But dont worry. I have a good head on my shoulders, I told him with a smile.

He kissed my cheek and said, Just keep that pretty head low if and when the bullets start to fly.

Absolutely.


***



I woke up Monday morning with butterflies the size of pterodactyls in my stomach. I tried to have my morning coffee and toast, but it was evident there was no room in there for anything else. Not being interested in throwing up at my first executive weekly meeting I decided on water. While I was getting ready to go, I had to keep reminding myself that I was well qualified for the job and that was all that mattered. Beyond that, no one knew who I was or what I was doing there, and I wasnt giving them reason to suspect otherwise. 

After I showered I put on my navy blue pants and blazer with a power red blouse underneath. I braided my hair into a French braid that went from one side of my head to the other. That would keep it neat, but it wasnt quite as severe as a bun. I didnt want to look like I was trying too hard my first day. I slipped on my red heels and took one last look at myself. Picking my compact back up I lightly dusted the light brown freckles that ran across my nose. Id been told that they made me look like a teenager. That was definitely not what I wanted today. 

I parked my car in the employee garage this time, feeling proud when I flashed my badge. Then I saw the spot marked CEO and the Aston Martin that was parked there. I got angry all over again and for the first time in my life I considered scraping my keys along the side of a vehicle. I did a lot of self-talk and simple breathing exercises whilst I walked into the conference room a few minutes early. It was an extravagant place with dark wood walls and a long, shiny wood table surrounded by plush looking burgundy chairs. The wooden blinds were open and the morning sunlight was streaming in. The room smelled like coffee and cinnamon and I saw the pastry and beverage cart in the corner and knew why. No one else was in yet and my stomach was feeling slightly less offensive, so I helped myself to a cup of coffee. Instead of sitting down, I carried my coffee over to the window and looked out at the Manhattan skyline. It was a beautiful view and I almost got tears in my eyes as I thought about the fact that my own father probably stood in this very spot years ago and looked out at the same buildings and sidewalks. That thought made me sad for two reasons, one because my parents had died way too young and my father should still be here to reap the rewards of the company he built himself, and two because if my father had to be gone, this was a view that I should own right now. This was my building my company

Well good morning, Erin. I turned to see Seth Hunter coming in the door. He sat his briefcase in the spot at the head of the table. My rightful spot.

I forced myself out of my funk and with an obligatory smile I said, Good morning. I havent had a chance to see you and thank you for this opportunity. Seth was wearing a dark blue designer suit with a light blue tie that had dark blue stripes. The suit made his eyes look even bluer than they had looked the first time I met him. Looking into them was like staring into the deep end of the ocean and I had to remind myself to be careful and not get lost there. He was the best looking man Ive ever seen and would have to see every day, knowing he was completely off limits. This task of mine was getting more complicated by the minute. 

Were thrilled to have you, he said. I saw his eyes move over me quickly taking in my new business suit and lingering on my hair. He did it almost with complete discretion and not in a lewd way at all. It was as if he was sizing me up for the job and the look he gave me afterwards was an appreciative one. Pick any seat you like, he said. Im the only one who gets a little territorial about where I sit. He laughed, so I did too. I wasnt laughing on the inside though. I suppose it was good that he was so arrogant; it would help me to remember what I was here for when I wanted to get lost in his eyes. When this was all over, I would show him territorial.

Seth sat down and as his staff entered one by one he greeted them with a, Good morning!

They all greeted him back with smiles and Good mornings of their own. As I watched their faces and listened to their voices, I thought I heard genuine respect and admiration for the man who was decades younger than most of them. As the meeting went on it was easy to see that they actually trusted him and liked working with him. I let that little niggle of doubt seep back in, the one that said, What if he doesnt know what his father did and I ruin him in the process? As quickly as it arose I tamped it back down. If I was going to do this, Id have to be tougher than that. 

Okay, it looks like were all here. By way of first order of business, Id like to introduce our newest executive, Erin Summers. I hope youll all welcome her and do your best to make her feel comfortable here.

They all smiled at me and most of them uttered a friendly, Welcome aboard. Seth went around the table and had each of them introduce him or herself and say what they did for the company for my benefit.

Okay, Charles if youd like to begin with your weekly departmental report. Charles Landon had introduced himself as Director of Sponsored Charity Events. It was a title I was unfamiliar with. Everyone turned their attention to a middle aged man sitting on Seths left. Mr. Landon cleared his throat. 

We need to work up a response for the Childrens Miracle Charity event that Brooks and Stafford are pushing us to be a part of.

Another man, a Ronald something said, Brooks and Stafford are currently our most lucrative clients. Their business has kept our business in the black for the past several months now. I think we should bend over and kiss their

Thats fine, Ronald, Seth said with the traces of a smile on his lips. Im sure everyone here is privy to what you think we should kiss except maybe Erin, but shell come to know you. Go on, Charles. 

Charles cleared his throat and said, I gave you the proposal Seth, have you had a chance to look that over yet?

No, Seth said. But now that Erin is on board thats something that she can probably help me with. He looked at me and I nodded and smiled. Mr. Landon went on to give a rundown on his department and what was happening there. It seemed that he was in charge of strictly charity events. It was a complete department and it was the first corporation I had worked for that had that. I gathered that rather than give haphazardly to this charity or that, Hunter designated areas of need based on the community and recommendations of their clients and Mr. Landons department took it from there. I hated to admit it, but I was slightly impressed. I told myself to reserve judgment until I found out if they did good work, or if it was just strictly for tax write-off purposes. 

Next, a woman that Seth called simply Bev gave a rundown of magazines, television news shows, radio shows and newspapers that wanted to schedule Seth for an appearance or interview. That talk radio station 540 FM that does the Wake up Manhattan show has called three times this week.

I saw Harlan shaking his head adamantly and looked at Seth who was looking amused. Thats the show with the big chicken, right? Seth asked. I see it everywhere, buses, billboards

Yes sir, Bev said. I know you like to do the local shows, sir, but theyre just not the most reputable.

Im sorry to interrupt you Bev, but do you remember two weeks ago when I was interviewed by that reporter from the top selling newspaper in Chicago award-winning reports completely reputable? Bev looked embarrassed.

Yes sir.

One of the men said, Well now that you brought it up, you have to tell us what happened.

Seth smiled again. I really wished that he would stop doing that. It was so distracting. He of course had perfectly white teeth and plump, gorgeous lips that I couldnt stop myself from imagining kissing. It was more than obvious that he knew the effect that smile had on people too. 

The reporter and I sat down and very professionally the first question she asked me was whether or not I had a girlfriend. When I said no, her second question was whether or not I had a boyfriend. When I said no to that, she asked me if I wanted to meet her back at her apartment that afternoon.

The men at the table laughed and Bev continued to look embarrassed. Then as men do, several of them asked him if she was hot and whether or not he had at least gotten her number. Seth politely and professionally ignored the questions and without any fanfare he redirected the meeting back to business. 

Harlan, why dont you tell us where we stand this week compared to last?

Our numbers have been growing since you took the helm Seth. Harlan quoted numbers, from this time last year and compared them to now. Once again, I was impressed. Either James still kept a tight rein on what was going on, or the job Seth had been handed was more than just a familial obligation to him. It seemed that he was doing a great job running my company. Good, I thought. It would be in good form when I got it back. 

The meeting lasted another hour and I counted three more times when Seth said that he and Erin would take a look at one thing or another. It was looking like Seth and I would be spending a lot of time together. That might work to my advantage but I would definitely have to continuously remind myself that he was my boss and I hated him or at least the idea of him having my job and his family having my company. Damn him for being so good looking. 

When the conference room began to clear out he said, Harlan, would you mind showing Erin to her office?

Id love to, the older man said. 

Seth thanked him and then looked at me and said, I have a few phone calls to make and then I will meet you there. It looks like you and I have a lot of work to do. 


~

CHAPTER FIVE

~



Harlan led me out the door and down a long hall with doors on either side. When we got to the end of the hall I stopped in my tracks; they had already put my name on the door. I was torn between the pride I felt seeing my name and title there, and the anger that it wasnt my real name and it didnt say, CEO.

Wow a name plate already, that was fast.

Mr. Hunter wants you to feel comfortable and welcome. Youll find out that hes a great man to work for. Harlan opened the door for me and handed me the key. I looked around at the corner office with big glass windows and an even more impressive view of Manhattan than the conference room. It was already set up with a computer that had a twenty-seven inch monitor, a flat screen television hung on the wall and anything else a person might need in an executive office seemed to be there as well as a lot of miscellaneous stuff. I even had my own espresso machine and a wet bar. 

Wow, this is really nice, I told Harlan.

It is one of our nicer offices, he said without any trace of resentment in his voice. Mr. Hunter wanted you on the same floor as his office since the two of you will be working closely. My office is one floor up. Michael and Charles have their offices on this floor as well. Youll probably be doing a lot of work with Charles, checking out the charities and such.

Harlan, tell me more about this charity department.

Its really cutting edge, he said. It was Seths idea. It took him a while to convince his father but by the time he presented it to us he had an entire plan worked up and he already had a list of charities that were important to the clients that we represent. Hes a smart kid, that one.

Smart and compassionate, it would seem.

Yes, both. When his mother died from breast cancer, Seth became very active on the charitable scene, putting a lot of his own money into organizations that do cancer research and treatments for women who dont have medical insurance.

Damn him. It seems that he couldnt stop at being gorgeous and just be the arrogant ass that I expected him to be. He had to have a heart too. I was going to have to find a way around mine if I wanted to win this battle. This wasnt really about Seth anyways it was about his father, the thief.

 Harlan, can I ask you another question?

Anything, the congenial older man said. Whatever I can do to help you.

Where is the other Mr. Hunter? The real CEO?

He has actually handed the reins to his son completely at this point. We see him around here on rare occasions now. Hes taken to spending much of his time on a golf course. James hasnt made the formal announcement yet, that will happen at the companys annual ball when all of the executives and department heads as well as many of the more lucrative clients are in attendance. Besides, it will give him a chance to be center stage once again.

Oh so he wont be coming to any of our meetings or anything like that?

Hopefully not, Harlan said with a grimace. He told Seth that if he took the CEO spot, he would take a step back and let Seth handle things as long as nothing got out of hand, as he put it. I tried not to smile but the look on his face was really funny. James was obviously not his favorite person, and Harlan was obviously not good at hiding that fact.

Is he not a nice man? I asked.

Let me see how do I describe James Hunter You studied history in college at some point, right?

Yes

When you picture his parents you would have to think Attila the Hun mating with Marie Antoinette the offspring would likely be very attractive on the outside and very, very lethal within. I couldnt help but laugh a little at that visual. After Harlan left I couldnt get the visual of Attila the Hun out of my head. He had raided and killed entire villages wiped out entire armies impaled his enemies all to the end that someday he would be held up in history as the fiercest warrior that ever lived. It was a good analogy. James had almost destroyed a young girls future for his own personal gain and he hadnt seemed to bat an eyelash doing it. He was the enemy, maybe not Seth but Seth was going to have to be my means to that end. 

I began familiarizing myself with the office and about a half an hour after Harlan left me, Seth knocked on the door. 

Come in.

Hey there, he said with a dazzling smile. How do you like your office?

I love it, thank you, I told him honestly.

He had some files in his hands and he said, I hope you dont mind but I mean to put you to work right away.

Not at all, I told him. I much prefer a productive day to an unproductive one.

He sat down in the chair on the other side of my desk and sat the files down. What Im hoping, he said. Is that you could take a look at these and write up an informal report describing the pros and cons of each as you see it. One of the files is a compilation of the research that the specific departments have already done on the project but I encourage and even expect you to do your own research on each one so that you can come to an informed conclusion. They are all either charities were looking at becoming involved with or new clients we are considering putting money into wooing.

Sure, I can do that, I said with genuine enthusiasm. It sounded right up my alley.

Seth looked like he was going to say something else when he suddenly leaned across the desk and brushed a piece of hair off my forehead. I flinched; shocked that he would touch me. He didnt seem fazed by my reaction at all however. He simply smiled and said, That curly little tendril escaped during the meeting earlier. I could hardly concentrate on anything else.

Excuse me?

He stood up and said, Out of concern for it falling into your eyes of course. He smiled again like there was some kind of secret between us and then he left the office, just like that. I sat frozen to the spot, staring at the door for a long time before I could finally move. Did that arrogant man think he could blatantly flirt with me like that? He was flirting wasnt he? I wondered if he treated all his female employees the same way. Then I wondered if it was only my imagination. 

I looked down at the work in front of me. I realized that researching each one of these companies and compiling a list of pros and cons was going to take some time. I forced myself to physically shake off my new bosss flirtatious behavior and roll up my sleeves, so to speak, and get to work. 

I worked diligently through the morning. Once I was in the midst of it I lost all track of time. Seth had been right. The research that was given to me was nothing more than basic details. I needed a lot more than that to make an informed decision. I dont think I even looked up from either my computer or my desk until hours later when there was another knock on my door. 

Come in. Seth popped his head in the door.

Have you been working on that non-stop since I left this morning?

I realized the back of my neck was stiff and I put my hand over it to massage it as I said, Yeah, I suppose I have. I stood up then and stretched and once again realized that my CEOs eyes were on my face and my body as I did. 

He grinned and said, Its loose again. Is it all curly like that?

It took me a second to process what he was talking about. The look on my face must have given away my confusion because he pointed at my forehead and said, Your hair. I was wondering if it was all that curly.

I reached up and self-consciously brushed the loose tendril off my face and tried to tuck it back into the French braid that ran across the rest of my head. Feeling like my face might be as red as my hair I said, Yeah, Im afraid it is.

Id love to see it down sometime, he said. Then before I had a chance to even think about what I should say to that he said, What do you say to coming down to the cafeteria and having lunch with the boss? I can introduce you to a few more of our valuable employees.

There was that word again my boss. I knew he had no way of knowing, he couldnt possibly, but it was almost like he was taunting me with it. I knew I had to suck up my emotions though and just go with it, so I said, Im starved. Lunch sounds great. I grabbed my keys and followed him out of the office. 

I looked at that first lunch with Seth as part of my orientation. We didnt talk about anything personal and he did introduce me to a lot of my colleagues. Afterwards, he had walked me back to my office and very appropriately told me that he would be out of the office the rest of the day and that if I needed anything I could call his assistant, or Harlan or any one of the other executives. I went back to work after he left and before I knew it, the sun had gone down. As I rushed out of the building that evening close to eight p.m., the doorman kindly let me know that the building would lock up tight after nine p.m. and one of the Hunters or someone they had designated as key holders were the only ones who could get inside. I thanked him and made a mental note to be out of there before that ever happened. 

Grant was practically pacing the floor when I got back to our apartment that night. When I walked in the door and hung up my coat he looked at the clock and said, Eight-thirty? What are these Hunters slave driving ogres?

I laughed and went to pour myself a glass of juice. As I drank it I told him about my day. He was quiet until Id finished. 

Be careful, Grant said.

I will.

No, Im not talking about your quest. Im talking about your boss.

Confused, I asked, What about him?

You should put a mirror in front of you when you talk about him so that you can see your face. It lights up like a firefly.

I felt my face go hot. It does not. Its the reflection off of my red hair.

Grant came over and kissed the top of my head. I left the rest of my Chinese Food in the fridge for you. Im meeting a co-worker for drinks. And youre full-of-it Ive been looking at the reflection of your beautiful hair for a long time and thats not it. Please be careful. I dont want you to get your heart broken.

I didnt say anything else, I just watched him go. I had to admit that there was definitely a sexual energy that surrounded Seth. He was one of those kinds of men that just carried it around with him, I think. I doubted that his interactions with me were any different than the ones he had with any of his female employees well, except maybe Bev. She seemed really intimidated by him. 

I ate the Chinese food and picked out my clothes for the next morning before getting ready for bed. When I finally looked in the mirror that night I said, Seth Hunter, out loud to the empty room. My face didnt change at all. See there Grant, I said, again to an empty room, Nothing. I washed my face and took down my hair. As I brushed it I heard Seths voice asking, Is it curly like that all over? and then again, Id like to see it down sometime. I glanced up at myself in the mirror. I was slightly flushed and I was smiling. Damn you, Grant!


***



After Grant brought to my attention what I already knew but didnt want to admit, that I was physically attracted to a man I couldnt stand, at least I couldnt stand the idea of him, I did my best to do my work while avoiding him at all costs. I found that was going to be easier said than done. Seth seemed to be one of those hands-on bosses that were everywhere yet he still gave his employees the autonomy to make decisions on their own, based on whatever their particular expertise might be. When I was forced to be alone with him, I did my best to just ignore his flirtations or act like I didnt get it at all. I noticed that by the end of the second week he seemed to be toning it down. 

I worked hard during the day and then in the evening when things were quiet and I knew that Seth had left for the day, I did my snooping. I snooped through the computer files that it would make sense for me to be accessing, but I worried about leaving a trail in places that I wasnt supposed to be. I really doubted there would be computer records of it all anyways. I was convinced that finding the old books or the legal paperwork was what I needed to do. Where they might be hiding was another story. I couldnt just go digging around in the CEOs office, or in the records department downstairs. I would need a legitimate reason to be in either of those places. 

I was confident in the fact that once I set my mind to something it was unlikely that I wouldnt succeed. I just needed to be patient until the opportunities I needed arose and be ready to take advantage of them when they did. Part of accomplishing my goals meant that I needed to become a valuable employee at Hunter Corp. That would be hard to do if I got caught snooping and got fired. 


~

CHAPTER SIX

~



On the Thursday of my second week with the company, I decided that once Seth and the other executives were gone for the day, I was going to have a go at the oversized file cabinet that sat behind his assistants desk. I had no idea what was in it, but if I could even find legal documents related to the take-over, it would be a start. The legal documents would have to have some of the financial information I was looking for in them. I had tried to access those through the courts, but since Hunter Corp. was a private corporation that had never taken their stock public, the documents were sealed. 

I did a couple of casual strolls through the hall, each time glancing into the long window that framed each door. I also left my door open so that I could hear who was leaving. I heard Charles leave around five. Michael was still left at his desk then. Sometimes he didnt leave until after I did. Besides Seth, his assistant and I, they were the only ones on this floor. I hoped that Michael left soon, along with Seth and his assistant. I absolutely did not want to get caught in the building after hours that would be a hard one to explain. 

I heard Michael say good-night to Seths assistant around seven. Then at seven-thirty, I heard her knock on Seths door and stick her head in to say good-night. I could hear the smooth silk of Seths voice reply to her, but I didnt hear what he said. Delving back into the report I was finishing for him this week, another half hour passed before I realized it. I was shocked when I looked up at the clock and saw that it was already close to eight p.m. My neck was aching and as I sat there and pondered what I should do, I took the braid out of my heavy hair and ran my fingers through it. My hair grew like a weed. It had ever since I was a little girl. I couldnt wear it short because of the curl, the shorter I went, the curlier it seemed to get and then I looked like one of those girls from the eighties with a bad perm. Instead, I wore it long and did my best to style it so it was always out of my face. Sometimes the weight of it wore on my neck and shoulders though and tonight was one of those times. 

After de-tangling my wild mane with my fingers, I got up from my desk and glanced down the hallway. Seths door was still closed, but it would be whether he was here or not. I left my office and snuck quietly down the hall. I double checked that all the other lights were off and the offices were empty. I didnt know what time the cleaning crew came in, but if they caught me going through files they wouldnt have any idea that I wasnt supposed to be. 

I knew if Seth was gone, his door would be locked. My not so brilliant plan was to gently touch it and if it was locked I could have a go at the files behind me. As I reached for the brass handle it suddenly turned. That was my first clue that I should have thought my plan through a little better. I jumped and in spite of myself I let out a squeaky little noise. I realized I was staring right at his chest and I could feel the blue eyes boring down at me. I swallowed hard and looked up at him, doing my best to offer what I thought was my most dazzling smile. 

Hi there, I said. 

Hi, did you need something?

No, I was just getting ready to leave for the night. I was about to knock when you opened the door. It startled me. 

Seth was looking at me strangely and I imagined him calling me a liar straight to my face. My office door was still wide open and the light was on. I didnt have my bag with me and I never went to his office to say goodnight, but then again, I was usually still here when he left. 

He finally flashed me what had to be his most dazzling smile and said, I love it.

He loved that I was coming to say goodnight? Genuinely confused I said, Excuse me?

The hair. I like it a lot. It reminds me of my mothers. Hers was brown, but long and curly like that.

I felt the heat of the blush as it rose from my chest to my face, Umthanks. It was getting heavy so I took it down. Im sure its a mess now

He reached out and touched it as I was talking. Suddenly my tongue felt twice as thick as usual, and definitely drier. I took a step back without even thinking and he dropped his hand to his side quickly.

Im sorry, he said, suddenly. Touching your hair is extremely inappropriate and thats not the first time Ive done that is it? I thought that was a redundant question so I didnt answer it. Then something happened to his face and the arrogant, self-assured look that he always wore there slipped as he said, It just fascinates me so that I hardly realize what Im doing. Im sorry if I made you uncomfortable.

I smiled, genuinely this time. He looked so self-conscious and genuinely remorseful. 

Its okay, I said. It is quite the anomaly. 

He laughed, Thats not the word I would use, he said. Mine would be much more flattering. But thank you for not slapping me for touching you uninvited. It wont happen again. Speaking of uninvited however, you were coming to see me for something?

It was my turn to laugh, Did you just say I was uninvited to your office?

With a slow grin he said, It did sound that way, didnt it? Im not sure whats wrong with me tonight. That was not my intention. Youre always welcome in my office Erin, consider it an open invitation. He was flirting again; I could tell by the way his voice changed. It got deeper, sexier somehow. It made me feel all tingly inside and I tried to chastise myself about how ridiculous I was and how unproductive mutual flirting with the boss would be to my cause. I was still talking in my head when I heard him say, I was going to step out for a bite to eat. Why dont you join me?

Before my inner voice shut up, I heard my outer one say, Sure, that sounds great. On my way back to my own office to get my bag I tried to lie to myself again. I was only distracting him from having the time to really consider why I would be reaching for his office door handle. I knew that I was lying. Something about being close to Seth made me want to forget that I hated him and his father and everything they stood for. Grant was right. I was playing a dangerous game

Theres a little Italian place up the street that I really enjoy. Its a nice evening, would you mind a walk? he asked. Again, I should have said no. The cool evening breeze coupled with the big, full, silver moon and the stars made it all even more dangerous. 

That sounds great, my stupid self-replied yet again. It was almost like I was on auto-pilot around this guy. I kept telling myself that it was all about the cause.

The restaurant was only a few blocks and I could hear the soft Italian music piping out of the speakers as we approached it. Seth opened the door and held it for me as I stepped in and was taken away to a village in Tuscany. The interior of the restaurant gave you no indication whatsoever that you were in the center of Manhattans busiest business district. The lights were low and candles flickered out of red glass vases at every red and white checkered table. There seemed to be plants and vines everywhere, all plush and green and adding an element of intimacy to each table.

The hostess greeted Seth right away and took us straight back to his table. It was in a far corner of the restaurant and the high-backed booth and potted plants cut us completely out of the vision of all of the other patrons. We took our seats across from each other and I sat quietly as Seth ordered our wine. When he finished the waiter left and he turned his eyes on me. I tried not to notice how sexy they looked in the candlelight. 

 I didnt even realize I was staring and time was passing too much time for me to be staring mutely at him. His lips quirked up and he gave me one of the heated glances that Id been getting from him at work. Here somehow it seemed hotter. I swear my clothes were melting right off. I had to say something but I was at a loss. 

So are you from New York? he asked. Thank God!

Yes, born and bred, I told him. 

You dont sound like a New Yorker when you talk, he said.

You mean like someone who grew up in Brooklyn, or the Bronx or Queens? His comment had insulted me. It felt like he was saying that he expected me to be talking like a sewer rat because I had to have undoubtedly grown up on the wrong side of the tracks.

My angst seemed to amuse him. I wasnt casting stones, he said. I dont have a New York sound to my voice either, but thats because I spent a big part of my life at boarding school in Switzerland. I was going to ask if maybe you had done the same.

My mind went back to the posh private school I had attended in the Hamptons until my seventh grade year. At that time I was forced, because of his father, to attend an inner-city public school. I adjusted quickly. I was smart enough not to let my former upbringing get in the way of making new friends and learning new customs. 

No, I said finally. No boarding schools for me. Private school.

Ah, he said, as if that explained everything. 

The waiter returned then with a tray and presented a bottle of wine to Seth. Seth nodded and my glass was filled with a cool amber liquid. Seth nodded again and the waiter filled his. He left the bottle chilling table-side and disappeared again. 

I picked up my wine and before it made it to my lips he held his up and said, To new acquaintances.

I went through the motions and toasted with him, still feeling like somehow his question had been designed to put me in a lower place than him. After he finished his drink of wine he looked at me with a raised eyebrow and said, What are you thinking, Erin?

Nothing, I said. I was just enjoying my wine.

He laughed and said, I was honestly not trying to insult you.

Its fine, I said. I think its just past my bedtime and Im getting cranky.

He laughed again and said, So by now you would be home in your pajamas doing what?

Probably commiserating with my roommate about our days.

Is she in business as well?

He Grant is an MBA like me. He works as an accountant at a law firm here in the city.

He raised an eyebrow again and said, Your roommate is a male. So, are you two?

Involved? No. Grant and I are just friends.

Is he gay?

No, why would you ask that?

Well I was picturing you in your pajamas

Excuse me?

You did bring it up.

I had to admit that was true. Okay, so I brought it up. What does that have to do with Grant being gay?

I was just wondering how any red-blooded man who was privileged enough to sit with you while you were in your pajamas being able to maintain a friends only relationship.

I felt my face go hot when I said, Well then, I doubt youre picturing the same pajamas that I wear when I go home.

He chuckled softly and said, Youre probably right about that. The way he said it made me blush again. I was saved once again by the waiter who came back then to take our orders. I hadnt even glanced at the menu. I opened the menu quickly and ordered the Chicken Alfredo, the first thing my eyes landed on. Seth looked amused again. It was obvious that hed flustered me again. 

Ill have the Manicotti, he said, handing his menu to the waiter. I handed him mine and he once again disappeared. As I watched him go, I was beginning to think the waiter was the lucky one.

When I looked back at him, he was still smiling at me. I was beginning to think he did that just to unnerve me. So, you grew up in New York when you werent away at boarding school. Two parent home, rich, privileged upbringing youre comfortable in those clothes.

He looked down at his suit and said, I suppose I am. Do you not like my clothes?

No I mean yes, I like them the question wasnt really about your clothes, it was more about your upbringing Flustered again I said, Your clothes are fine.

He made a face and looked down again. Only fine? This man was too much. 

You know what I mean, I said. 

No, I dont really. If you had to describe me, what one word comes to mind?

Gorgeous, sexy, hot Arrogant, I said.

Seth threw his head back and laughed. Theres that feisty red-head. I could see her simmering on the surface since the day we met. Ive been dying for you to bring her out.

With my own raised eyebrow I said, Really? Why is that?

I like your spirit. I could honestly feel it the first time we met. You were interviewing for a job you seemed to really want and really be qualified for. Yet you seemed almost perturbed with me.

And you liked that?

I did, he said, simply. 

You have issues, I told him. He laughed again. 

Yes I do. But my arrogance is only skin deep. I need constant reassurance. He leaned across the small table then and when he spoke again he was so close that I could feel the heat of his breath and smell the wine there. Lowering the pitch of his voice he said, Since you seemed to misunderstand the question, Ill clarify it for you. If you had to describe how I look in my clothes using only one word, what would that be? Ill get you started, handsome, debonair, cultured

Rich and spoiled, I said.

He put his hand over his heart and said, Harsh, but his tone was soft and he was laughing. I still like it.

So youre a masochist?

Still laughing he said, Not quite, but sometimes when youre the bosss son, or the boss you get tired of everyone kissing up and saying what they think you want to hear. Your honesty although a bit brutal, is refreshing. Not to mention that I love to watch your face turn the color of your fiery hair. 

I chose not to comment on that. Instead, I took a sip of my wine and then said, So Harlan tells me that your father has handed the reins to you, unofficially. What is he going to do with his time now? It would have to be hard to go from sixteen or twenty hour days to nothing.

Seths face changed when I mentioned his father. It was a subtle change, but it was there. I think his eyes even darkened a bit as he said, I doubt that my father will ever fully retire. He doesnt want the sixteen hour days any longer, but he has his issues relinquishing control as well. 

And will you have issues with him keeping his fingers in the pie?

Seth took another sip of wine. He shrugged, it was designed to look casual, I think. But the intensity of his eyes gave a completely different answer. There were definitely issues there between him and his father. I was beginning to see my In.

I was about to ask him another question when the waiter once again interrupted, this time to bring our dinner. He sat down the plates and then placed a platter of delicious smelling bread between us and said, Can I get you anything else? Seth looked at me and I smiled at the waiter.

Nothing for me, thank you. 

Seth nodded at him and he went away. He looked at me then and said, My father and I have a complicated relationship. Business only serves to make it more complicated. Now that he will only have his fingers in as you say, instead of his arm up to his elbow, I am hoping for less issues.

I was impressed by the simple honesty of that answer. I watched him as he put his napkin in his lap and took a bite of his chicken. By the time hed chewed and swallowed it, his eyes had lost some of their intensity. 

Im sorry if I brought up a sensitive issue, I told him.

He smiled and reached across the table again. I closed my eyes when he touched me. It was an automatic reaction, but it felt so intimate and familiar. He ran his fingers across my brow line and said, I dont like that worry line there. I like it better when youre being feisty, or blushing. You didnt say anything wrong. You couldnt have possibly known about my relationship with my father. 

This guy was killing me. As soon as he pulled his hand away I opened my eyes. The way he was looking at me made me shudder. I wasnt supposed to like him at all. He wasnt supposed to be so human. He finally tore his eyes away and returned his attention to his plate. I stuffed a much too large bite in my mouth just in case I was going to say something stupid in response to that touch. 


~

CHAPTER SEVEN

~



After our dinner that night Seth walked me back to my car. In the dimly lit parking garage he leaned past me to open the door and I thought he was going to kiss me. Shamefully, I have to admit that I was horribly disappointed when he didnt. He did run the back of his hand along the side of my face again just before I got in. That simple touch in and of itself started a fire raging in the pit of my stomach. I got in the car and drove home, trying to remember what I was doing here. If Id had too much trouble grasping it, Grant was there for me when I got home and I told him, as always.

Hey doll face. Where ya been until ten oclock on a school night?

Ha ha! Youre hilarious, I told him. I worked until late and then I had dinner.

With?

With what?

With whom?

Is it whom? I would have gone with who.

Thats because you were a business major. Its all numbers, no English.

Look whom is talking, I said with a smile. 

Knock off the Laurel and Hardy routine and answer the question.

I had dinner with my boss, I said. It was strictly professional.

Really?

Really, I said. 

Hmm, then why did you hem and haw and blush, and why is your hair all down and pretty around your shoulders? You never wear it like that in a professional capacity.

I yawned and said, Oh wow, look how late its getting. I should get to bed.

When I reached the hallway he said, Erin. I stopped and turned around to face him. He had his serious face on now. He was no longer playing as he said, Youre going to get hurt.

I know he loves me, but I didnt want him taking away my happiness tonight. 

How do you know that, Grant?

Because this is about family, baby. You want revenge for yours and he will undoubtedly be willing to go to great lengths to protect his. Family is one of those things that have torn couples apart for centuries. Please be careful.

I am being careful, I lied. I had completely let my guard down tonight and had not once considered the fact that I intended to destroy everything that Seth held dear. I went back over to where Grant was standing and he opened his arms. I folded myself into them and as he hugged me I said, Im trying so hard not to feel anything for him.

Sometimes chemistry, or love, or whatever you want to call it, cant be overridden.

I pulled back and looked at him and said, So then what do I do?

He wiped the loose curls off my forehead and looked into my eyes and said, You have to decide which one you want more because Im afraid that you cant have both.

I went to bed that night with Grants words ringing in my head and Seths gentle touch resonating in my heart. Grant was right, it was doubtful I could have this man if I also chose to destroy his family. But how could I give up something Id virtually lived for over the past eleven years? The warm, cozy feeling I had left Seth with that night morphed into a pounding headache and very little sleep. I went to work the next morning resolving to keep my distance from Seth. I think he is genuinely a good man and my attraction to him was strong, but I owed it to my father to take back what he had intended to be mine. I couldnt do that if I was emotionally involved with the enemy. 

Several hours after I had that thought, I was sitting at my desk pouring over some documents that Harlan wanted my opinion on when there was a knock on my half closed door. Without waiting for an invitation, it was pushed open and Seth appeared. 

Good morning, he said, with that smile that drove me wild. 

Good morning, I said, returning his smile. I tried to make mine less enthusiastic, but my body reacted in strange ways when he was around. 

Seth came in and closed the door behind him. I expected him to have a seat in the chair on the other side of my desk. Instead, he came around to where I was sitting and took me by the hands, pulling me to my feet. I was standing with my head tilted back, looking up at him wondering what in Gods name he was doing. He didnt make me wait long to find out. 

I barely slept at all last night, he said. I kept thinking about our dinner and walking you back to your car and the one thing I should have done, but didnt.

I was pretty sure I knew what he was talking about, but just because Im a glutton for punishment I said, What was that? 

Still holding onto my hands, he swung me around like we were dancing. My back was facing the wall and Seths chest was at my eye level. He bent his head down so that we were eye to eye and then he said, I should have kissed you, Erin. Im going to kiss you right now to make up for it, as long as you dont object. 

I thought about objecting, I really did. The words ran themselves across my brain but for some reason they didnt reach my tongue or my lips. I was strangely okay with that. The only thing I wanted on my tongue or my lips at that moment were his tongue and his lips, so instead of speaking I tilted my head back further. Seth took a step forward and with his arm wrapped around my waist, he pressed my body against the wall. I felt like I couldnt breathe and that fire hed lit in my belly the night before was now burning hot in my chest. He leaned down and swiped his lips across mine. It was like he was testing me out to see if I was going to object. When I didnt he brought them down again, this time to cover mine and I heard myself moan slightly as my lips fell open. He slid his hot tongue in between them and found mine. I felt his hand slide down and grip my backside and lift me up off my feet while we kissed. I was completely engulfed by this man I purported to hate and I loved it. 

After several minutes he broke the kiss. We were staring at each other and panting, both of us wondering what the hell we were doing making out at work like a couple of teenagers no doubt. I thought he was going to pull back, but instead he took out the comb I had holding my hair up at the back and let it spill down across my shoulders. Then he wrapped his hand up in my curls and used them to position my head where he wanted it, and he kissed me again. The first kiss had been passionate; this one was erotic. By the time we came up for air again I was so satiated I felt like Id had sex. As I struggled once more to catch my breath he said, Wow. I knew Id missed out by not kissing you last night but damned if I knew how much until now. My plans to avoid or ignore were gone, just like that. I was staring at him, still trying to slow my breathing a full minute later. He finally grinned at me and said, Are you okay? I nodded. Are you upset with me for kissing you here at work? I shook my head. Are you mad at me for disturbing your neat little bun? I laughed. 

No, I said at last. None of the above. That was just

The best kiss you ever had?

Definitely. I was going to say, unexpected. 

Sometimes unexpected makes it sexier, dont you think? I could hear talking in the hall outside my door and suddenly remembered where I was at. I stepped around him and started twisting my hair back up into its bun. He watched me with those cool blue eyes and once I was satisfied that my hair was back in place he said, I like you Erin, a lot. Id like to see you, socially. 

I sat down behind the desk and said, Im just not sure thats such a good idea, Seth.

Why? 

Because of work, of course. I wasnt lying. It was all about work. He just didnt know the depths of my intentions. Its not really appropriate, I guess is the word.

He moved back around to the other side of my desk and sat down in the chair there. He gave me a serious look. 

Do you like me, Erin?

Of course I do, but

Are you attracted to me?

Obviously I am, but

Do you want what you do for a living and what others think of you to dictate your life?

It always had. No of course I dont, but

Then there are no buts.

I laughed. He was at least not going to hear one out that was for sure. What about the other executives? What about the employees? What is everyone going to think?

I dont care, he said, simply.

Have you dated other employees here? Im not sure why I asked him that, it just came out. I had wondered about it. He seemed like a player to me, although I had no direct evidence of that.

He leaned forward onto the desk and said, No Erin. I dont date women who are employed by the company. At least I didnt, until now.

Why would you change the way you do things all of a sudden?

Because I cant stop thinking about you.

Thats it? I said, with a little smile. Thats all it takes to change your convictions?

He laughed, It wasnt a conviction. It was a rule that I followed in order to protect myself and the company. I dont want to be accused of sexual harassment someday and risk everything my father has worked for being taken away. As soon as he said that my mind froze on that single sentence, Everything my father worked for.  

What makes you think I wont take that from you? I asked him, dead serious.

I could be wrong, but I just dont see you as that type. Besides, some people are worth the risk. Ive never been so infatuated with a woman in such a short time. I have to explore that if youll let me. 

The ice packed around my heart with the Hunters name engraved on it began to melt. I knew I was in big trouble but there was a part of me that still wanted to say getting close to him could be about helping my cause and if he ended up collateral damage then so be it. There was another part of me, an even bigger part that had no desire whatsoever to hurt this man. Everything I wanted to do to him and with him was just the opposite of hurt. 

So? he said, after I had obviously been lost in my head for way too long. 

Impulsively I said, Do you ride horses?

With a little confused chuckle he said, Excuse me?

Do you ride?

Um yeah, I mean of course I have its been a while. Why?

I thought since tomorrow was Saturday and it was my turn to pick the date, I would take you horseback riding.

Your turn? he said, with a slow smile. I guess that means were dating then?

Well see how you do on a horse first, I told him. Ill pick you up at nine a.m. Just write down your address for me. Then, you will need to leave my office. I have a ton of work to do and my boss is a tyrant. 

Seth picked up a pen and wrote down an address on one of my new business cards. He winked at me before he left the office. It never failed to amaze me how incredibly sexy I found his arrogance sometimes. 


~

CHAPTER EIGHT

~



I went out to dinner with Grant that evening. I did my best to avoid the subject of Seth at all costs. We went to a cute little Basque French restaurant in SoHo and as they brought out way too much food one course at a time, we talked about Grants new love interest. Yes, it had only been a week since hed broken up with the last girl, but that was my Grant.

So what is this girls name? I asked him between spicy bites of my curry chicken. 

I dont want to tell you.

I laughed, Is it that bad?

Youre going to poke fun, but I really like this girl.

Okay, so well put the name aside until I know more about her. What does she do?

Shes a waitress at La Boulogne.

You did not!

I did not, what?

You did not meet this girl the night that you took Bethany to that restaurant?

I may or may not have gotten her number after I tucked dear Bethany into a cab. I had to go back in for my jacket.

She saw you there with Bethany and she went ahead and gave you her number?

I told her it was a first date and it didnt work out.

Oh my goodness. You are such a player.

He grinned. For some reason that term didnt hold negative connotations for men the way it did for women. I really like her.

So youve been out twice?

Sort of. The first date was just a cup of coffee on Sunday afternoon, and then on Thursday we had dinner.

Thursday? Wasnt that the night you were never mind.

The night I was giving you a hard time about Seth? Yes, that was the same night. I got home right before you did.

Oh, so how old is she? 

He grinned again. Youre trying to steer me away from him. That means that you didnt break it off, doesnt it.

We were talking about What was her name again?

I havent said.

Oh thats right.

What is going on with you and the CEO?

Nothing. We havent been out since Thursday.

But, youve seen him at work. Did you tell him that you couldnt see him?

I tried, I said. It was true. It was a half-assed effort, but I had tried.

You tried? What does that mean?

I told him it wasnt a good idea that we saw each other.

And?

And he stated a very strong case in favor of it sealing it with the most incredible kiss Ive ever experienced.

Grant rolled his eyes, OMG!

Stop it. I like him, Grant.

And what happens when you crush his father to dust?

Ill cross that bridge when I come to it. What if hes the one?

Wouldnt that be ironic? You wait half your life for the chance to get your revenge on these people and you end up in love with one of them.

Im not in love with him.

Yet. What happens if you are in love with him when all of your plans to take this company back come to fruition?

Once again, Ill cross that bridge if and when I come to it. Besides, Im not finding anything worthwhile the way Im going about it. Maybe if I get close to Seth, I can find something out that way.

Ay yi yi, he said, rolling his eyes. I love you.

I smiled. I love you too. Thank you for letting it go.

With a heavy sigh he ladled more vegetables onto his plate and said, I cant promise to let it go forever. If I see it affecting you in a negative way

I reached out and covered his hand with mine. Well deal with that if and when we come to it, okay? He nodded and I said, So whats her name?

Juniper.

I tried not to smile. I know it was juvenile of me and it was just plain mean. A person cant really help what their name is of course I did change mine, so Im assuming she could too Isnt a Juniper like a bug or something?

Its a plant! 

I lost my battle, I laughed. Grant gave in and laughed with me. I love spending time with him. Sometimes I worried when we both do get into relationships that Id lose my best friend. I really hope not. I wouldnt know what to do without him.


***



I was up bright and early the next morning. I showered and dressed in a pair of jeans and a long-sleeved green t-shirt. People dont realize when youre a true red-head with green eyes, how hard it is to buy clothes. There are so many colors I cant wear. Anything red or orange or pink is out. Most people have to match their clothes and shoes; I have to match mine with my hair. I wore a pair of short tan boots with a flat sole that would make getting in and out of the saddle easier. I pulled my wild hair back into simple ponytail and with more butterflies in my stomach than really had a right to be there, I left to pick up my date. 

Seth lived on the upper west side of Manhattan. I wasnt even a little bit surprised about that. Id expected his address to be somewhere pricey. I pulled up in front of the townhouse and debated whether or not I should go up to the door. It was a huge place and I assumed his father lived there too. I still didnt know if I was ready to come face to face with James. I took out my phone and started to send him a text. Right in the middle of it I decided that was not only rude, but slightly juvenile. Sucking up my apprehension, I got out of the car and stood there looking up at the five story Renaissance Revival style townhouse with its turrets and rounded windows. I thought about the house Id grown up in. It was big, just like this one and if James and Seth Hunter werent living in this house right now, maybe Id be living in mine. I tried to shake off that thought as I made my way up the steps towards the massive oak doors with the stained glass windows. I reminded myself that Seth had been a child at the time, just like I was. He didnt steal my fathers company. He wasnt guilty for the sins of his father. 

I stood at the top of the stone steps wondering what the hell I was doing. I was about to knock on James Hunters front door. I must be insane. I turned and looked down the cozy tree-lined street. The houses were all big and wide and built in early 1900s style. I wondered how long they had lived here. Did the money he made stealing my legacy buy this place for him. As I stood there letting my mind run off on a tangent, I heard the door open behind me. Sucking in a breath and praying it wouldnt be James, I turned around. There was a woman standing there in a freshly starched gray and white dress. 

Can I help you, Miss? 

Yes, I was looking for Mr. Hunter, I said, quickly adding, Seth.

Yes, Mr. Seth is here. Can I tell him who is calling?

Erin, I said. She continued to stare at me so I said, Summers. Erin Summers. He should be expecting me.

Please come in, she said, stepping back to allow me to enter the gold and black marble tiled foyer. The ceiling stretched up about thirty feet and a heavy crystal chandelier hung in the center of it. A staircase with a heavy oak banister spiraled up five stories just to the right of us. Everything was so clean and polished that it shone so brightly it almost hurt to look at it. Ill be right back, she said. She disappeared down the long hall and while I was alone, I took the opportunity to look around at the artwork on the walls. The paintings looked to all be originals and some of them were Monets. The whole place reeked of money. Some of it had to be old money I assumed. Even in its heyday, my fathers business couldnt have sustained all of this alone. 

Hello, Erin. I turned towards the voice and saw Seth coming towards me. I was glad that I didnt have heart trouble because the sight of him in a pair of jeans and a black t-shirt might be enough to kill a woman with a weakened heart. His biceps bulged out underneath the short sleeves of the shirt and the jeans emphasized his long, muscular legs. He also had on a pair of black boots. He looked like a demi-God. He was gorgeous. It was really no wonder that he was so full of himself. 

Hi Seth. Are you ready?

I am, he said, grabbing a black denim jacket out of a closet near the front door. 

He reached over and opened the door for me and I stepped out, sucking in a lungful of the fragrant spring air. I felt like Id been holding my breath the entire time I was in there, waiting for James to appear. Do you live in this big old house alone? I asked him, on the way down the steps. 

No. My father lives here too, sometimes. Its a family house. He stays where he feels like it. I should get my own place, I know. But, we hardly ever even run into each other. I have the entire second floor to myself and Dad and I arent home at the same time a lot so I stay.

Its a beautiful home, I told him.

Thanks. My mother decorated it herself. She was really into decorating. We havent changed anything since she passed away. I suppose some of it may be outdated, but its nice sitting on the things she picked out or seeing a painting on the wall that she loved. I knew how he felt. I wish I had been able to keep more of my parents things to remember them by. Once we were inside the car he said, So where are we going?

Pelham Bay Park, I said.

He raised an eyebrow, In the Bronx?

Yes. Is Mr. Upper West Side too good for the Bronx?

Stop it, he said with a smile. Im not a snob. I just havent been to the Bronx in a really long time. Not because Im too good, he said with a smile. I just havent had reason to go, I suppose.

Well today you are going and youre going to love it. As we drove I decided I was going to try and gently coax information out of him to make myself at least feel a little better about dating the enemys son. So, when I was doing my research on Hunter Corp, the history only goes back about eleven years. What did your father do before that? I could see an almost imperceptible change in his posture out of the corner of my eye. The mention of his father made him sit up straighter stiffer in his posture and more serious in his expressions. 

Hes an attorney, actually. That was new information. Nothing Id read about him told me that. I wondered why. 

An attorney, interesting. Was he in private practice?

No, he was a corporate attorney. I was a kid back then; Im not sure what made him want to go into business.

Wow, so a guy with a law degree and not a business degree took a fledgling business and turned it into a billion dollar industry? Impressive.

Yeah, he said. I suppose. Where do your parents live? I shuddered at the question. I could tell he was changing the subject, trying to take the focus off of him and his family. That was fine; Id already gotten a new piece of information that might be useful. I wanted to talk about my family less than he wanted to talk about his.

My parents died in an accident when I was young. A family friend raised me from then on. She still lives in Queens. So when was the last time you were on a horse?

Seth seemed as relieved as I was to change the subject, but first he said sincerely, Im sorry to hear that about your parents. Its hard to lose a parent.

Yes, it is. Thank you. 

He went on to tell me that it had been at least ten years since hed been on a horse. I didnt tell him, but I havent been on one since I was thirteen and was forced to sell mine. This day should be interesting, if nothing else. 


~

CHAPTER NINE

~



We got to the stables and checked in. I had reserved a couple of horses and a picnic basket ahead of time. I was praying that riding a horse was comparable to riding a bike and you never forgot. The people at the stables were really nice. A young man named Sam selected a soft black bay mare for me and he asked me if I wanted to saddle her myself. 

Sure I havent done it in a while. Youll check it for me when Im done, right? He laughed and said he would. Seth stood and watched as I threw the blanket and then the saddle up on the horse and strapped and tightened the cinch. I lowered the stirrup and turned towards him and Sam. Sam was nodding and Seth looked impressed. I was proud of myself. Sam checked mine as his partner was leading out another horse, this one a dark gray gelding, for Seth. I heard the guide ask if he wanted to saddle her. 

Id prefer it if you did it, Seth said. I had the feeling that wherever it was he rode before, he had stable boys looking out for him and doing the grunt work. I tucked a toe into the stirrup and swung up into the saddle of mine as Sam held onto the reins. I watched as Seth mounted his and then Sam attached the picnic basket and a red blanket to the strap that would normally hold on the saddle bags. He gave us a rundown of dos and donts and a map of the park and we headed out in the direction he pointed us in. 

We rode along the trails that wound through the giant park. It never failed to amaze me how you could disappear into the park in one of the largest cities in the world and feel like you were a million miles from the concrete jungle. The season was changing and the harshness of summer was dying. The leaves on the trees were changing from light and dark greens to bright golds, oranges and reds. Some of them had already begun to drift to the ground and they crunched underneath our horses hooves as we pranced on top of them. After we rode for a few minutes, the skinny trail widened and Seth came up from where he had been behind to ride alongside me. 

You look good on a horse, he said with a smile. 

So do you. I have to admit, I was a little worried about you back there at the stables.

Ive never saddled a horse, he admitted. The last time I actually rode was at our house in Marthas Vineyard. When my mother was alive we used to go there a couple times a year. We had stables and horses but we also had staff so if I wanted to ride, mother would call out to the stables and when I got there, the horse would be ready.

We didnt have our own horses. My father used to take me riding at some stables up near where we lived whenever he had the chance. The man that owned the stables was really nice. He used to say you shouldnt ride something you didnt know how to take care of. He showed me how to saddle and bridle a horse and then how to cool them down and put them away when youre finished riding.

You talk about doing things with your dad a lot. You had a good relationship with him?

Yeah, it was the best, I said. I had to be careful here I could feel the tears springing to my eyes and I had to fight them back. 

My mother and I had that kind of relationship.

But not your dad? I asked.

No, he said, simply. The trail narrowed again and he dropped back. When we came to the little pond that wound through part of the park I stopped and slid off my horse. I forgot to anticipate how numb my legs were going to be. When I hit the ground it felt like there was nothing to hold onto me. I staggered back into my horse. The horse snorted at me, but held firm thank goodness. Her bulk kept me from falling to the ground on my butt.

Seth slid quickly off of his horse. Are you okay?

Embarrassed, I giggled and said, Yeah. My legs went numb. I just got down too fast.  I stretched and walked around as the horses got a drink of water. We had stopped in a really pretty, secluded spot. The grass was thick and green underneath our feet and the trees formed a canopy of colorful leaves above our heads to block out the late season sun. Do you want to eat here? I asked him. 

Sure, Seth said. Are you feeling better?

Yeah, the feeling is coming back slowly. Unfortunately as the blood began circulating I could feel how sore my muscles were. We had been riding for at least an hour and it was my first time on a horse in a decade. I stood underneath one of the trees, looking into the pond and worked the muscles in the back of my neck with my fingers. I felt Seth step up next to me as I slid my hand down and began to knead the places I could reach in my lower back. Then suddenly I felt his strong fingers on my neck. He was massaging the sore muscles and sending little jolts of electricity down my spine and arms as he did. 

Oh wow, that feels so good. He didnt say anything and he didnt stop. A few seconds later I felt his hands move to my shoulders and I was practically comatose as they moved down my sides across my ribs and to my lower back. My body was like warm butter in his hands, delighting at his every touch. You missed your calling, I told him. You should have been a masseuse. I had my eyes closed when I felt him take me on either side of my waist and spin me around to face him. Then his lips came down to kiss mine and the electricity I had felt before sparked up and ignited. When we came up for air I said, I take it back.

You dont think Im a great masseuse? he said in a breathless voice, still kneading the muscles along my shoulders and upper arms. 

Youre a fantastic masseuse, I told him. But I think youd make even more money as a professional kisser.

Seth bent down and ran his tongue along my lips. In a voice that was low and husky he said,  Unless you want to pay for it, I wouldnt make a dime. Ive decided that I dont want to kiss anyone else but you. 

My whole body shuddered and I could feel my limbs shaking with desire for this man who I was supposed to hate who I was fated to destroy. I forced my eyes open and took a step back. With a shaky smile I said, Do you want to have our picnic here?

He had his head cocked to the side and he was looking at me curiously with those sexy blue eyes. Sure. Did I say something wrong? 

No, not at all, I told him. It was me. I was feeling guilty about the one thing that had been most important in my life for over a decade. I forced another smile and then reaching up, I ran my hand alongside his beautiful face and said, Im just a little shaky from the horseback ride. Lets eat and refuel. Ill be as good as new.

He took down the picnic basket and the blanket and we spread it out underneath one of the trees in the soft, green grass next to the clear little pond. I sat down on a flat rock and he took a seat next to me on the blanket. We spent the next twenty minutes feasting on cold cuts, cheeses and crackers. They had even put in a couple of little bottles of wine. I hadnt been on a picnic since I was a little girl. The weather was beautiful and the air smelled like the flowers that bloomed in the gardens not far away. There was a bird in the trees above us that seemed to be singing a serenade as we ate and talked. We kept the conversation light and when I finished eating, I laid back on the rock and closed my eyes. The sun was so warm and it all felt so good on my sore muscles. 

Embarrassingly enough, I think I drifted off for a few seconds or maybe longer. The next thing I consciously registered was the feel of Seths fingers gently twisting the curls around my face and then sliding them down along my jawline. I opened my eyes to look at him, squinting against the bright sun. He smiled at me and I felt my heart racing as once again he closed in for a kiss. When we broke it he smiled again and said, Did you have a nice nap?

The best, I said. I should come out here and nap every day and then you can come out and wake me up just like that.

It sounds like a fine idea, but its a ways from the office. Youd need at least a three hour lunch longer if you were going to get a good nap

Closing my eyes again I said, If I were CEO everyone would get a nap. It would be mandatory.

Really? What else would you change if you were CEO? 

The name of the company. Damn! I let the conversation take a turn right back to where I needed to be, but didnt want to go. I took a deep breath and said, I wouldnt have to change much else. The current CEO is doing a great job.

I pushed myself back up to a sitting position as Seth said, Why thank you. Our CMBO is pretty amazing herself.

Did you always want to go into business? I asked him then. 

He looked thoughtful for a few moments, like he was trying to decide how to answer that. Finally, with a pained expression he said, I honestly never had a choice, not unless I was willing to walk away from my father. My heart ached when he got that look in his eye. I was beginning to think that James Hunter had been as bad of a father as he was a human being. Wanting nothing more at that moment than to make it better, I wrapped my arms around him in a tight embrace. He held me like that for a long time. When I finally pushed back he said, Im so glad I met you, Erin Summers. I had to wonder how glad he was going to be when he finally learned the truth.


~

CHAPTER TEN

~



As the days went by and then the weeks, Seth and I grew closer. I did my best not to tell too many lies when he would ask me about my past. It would be too easy to slip up and forget one later on. If he asked me a direct question about my past, I would answer it as honestly as I could. Otherwise I tried my best to just not let it come up at all. It wasnt hard, Seth obviously was not interested in talking about his either. When the subject of his father came up, it was the only time I saw that self-assured, cocky mask that he wore slip and reveal the vulnerability that he hid so well. 

At work we remained professional, except for the occasions when he would call me to his office and lock the door for one of our make-out sessions. They were getting hotter all the time and I wasnt sure how much longer it would be before I couldnt think of excuses any longer and I ended up in his bed. I had issues with that if I was going to continue this quest to ruin his father. I didnt want to have to struggle with the idea that I possibly used my body to get ahead. It was contrary to every moral fiber in me, so for now, I resisted. 

We worked well together, bouncing ideas off of one another and coming up with new ways to promote the company and entice clients to sign on with us. After work we often dined together and on the weekend we would take turns deciding what we would do. We went to concerts one weekend and then ice skating the next. We saw movies and took walks and we even spent an entire day at the zoo. I was falling for him, hard and fast and what I needed to do was getting all twisted up with my emotions just like Grant had told me they would. 

Seth and I had been dating for just under a month when one evening he came into my office and slumped down in the chair across from my desk. 

Hi, I said, smiling. 

Hey. He was staring at the desk, not even looking up at me. I could see worry or fatigue lines on his face. 

Are you okay?

He finally looked up at me. I could see something in his eyes hurt or anger Yeah, he said at last. Just a really bad day. I needed to see a pretty face to make me feel better. Sorry.

Dont be sorry, I said. I looked at the clock; it was almost seven p.m. Im pretty much finished here. Do you want to go get a drink and talk about it?

The drink and the company sound great, he said. Im not so sure that I want to talk about it.

Okay, I told him, as I stood up from behind the desk. Whatever you need.

Seth did smile then and running his eyes from my head to my toes, slowly, he said, Whatever? His look was so hot that the roots of my hair and the tips of my toes even felt it. 

Within reason, but all subjects are open for discussion, I told him, with a smile of my own. I slipped on my coat and grabbed my bag. Are you ready? He stood up but instead of moving towards the door, he moved towards me. Taking me into his arms, he nudged me back against the wall and kissed me hard.

I was gasping for breath by the time he let me go. His cheeks were flushed and his eyes half open in a sexy, almost glazed kind of way as he said, We definitely need to have that discussion. I knew he wasnt talking about his bad day any longer. 

He got his coat and since the evening was a mild one we walked to a cozy little upscale bar nearby. After we ordered our drinks, we found a little booth in the back and sat down. His mood seemed to have soured once more so I said,  Are you sure that you dont want to talk about whatever happened today?

He picked up his drink, a whiskey sour and downed it in almost one gulp. Then he looked at me and with a small smile and said, Im okay. It was just a bad day. Family stuff. Its over now. As soon as I heard family I saw an opportunity. I was torn as to whether or not I should take it. I had mellowed out considerably about the company and taking it back. But that was all because I was falling in love with this man. Did I really want to manipulate him into telling me things that could bring financial ruin to his family? The truth was, I didnt want to but if I wanted to get back what was rightfully mine, I knew that I needed to. I waved at the waitress. Whatever inhibition that was holding him back just needed a little encouragement to loosen up. When the waitress came over I ordered him another drink.

Seth raised an eyebrow at me and I said, Ill drive you home. You seem like you need it tonight.

He looked at me then with genuine gratitude and said, Thank you for caring, it means a lot. He might as well have stabbed an arrow directly into my guilty heart. I almost changed my mind until the waitress sat down the next drink and he downed that one too and said, Nothing is ever good enough for him nothing. 

I knew who him was and I knew I had to hear more. I ordered him another drink. Then to prove to myself I wasnt a complete monster I said, Are you hungry? Would you like me to order some food? He shrugged so when the waitress came back I ordered us some sandwiches and fries. When she was gone I said, When you say him youre talking about your father?

He nodded and took a gulp of the new drink. Hes so worried about what people think about our family. His father was a success and his fathers father so he had to be a success and now I do too.

But you are a success, I said, honestly. Youre the CEO of a multinational company and you do a fine job running it. There was a time when I wouldnt have been able to even imagine saying those words to one of the Hunters.

Not according to him. I dont want to talk about it

Okay, you dont have to, I told him. Our food came and he picked at his, not eating much at all. I ordered him another drink. I felt like a horrible person trying to loosen his tongue and lower his inhibitions with alcohol, but at the same time it was the first time that I felt like I had a real chance at getting much needed information about James Hunter. 

After he finished that one and while he was still picking at his sandwich I said, So, you said your father was a corporate attorney? Did he buy this company because he didnt think of what he was doing as being successful enough?

He looked at me for a few seconds and I thought he was going to tell me again that he didnt want to talk about it. Finally however he said, Yeah. His father and his fathers father were both big on Wall Street and had investments all over the world. My father made good money as a corporate   attorney, but not the kind of money they had made. My grandfather didnt believe in trust funds and he always told my father that when he died would be when he would get his inheritance. When granddad died, he left most of his money to the church. My father felt like it was a slap in the face. He sold the property that granddad left him and he began to invest that money. Eventually he ended up with this business.

Ended up with? I asked. It was already an operating business, right a successful one? Did the owner retire or

No Seth looked genuinely sad as he said, He died.

Oh. So then your father bought the business from his heirs?

Seth picked up his empty drink and looked into the bottom of the glass. This time he signaled for the waitress and ordered another. He didnt say a word while he waited, he didnt even look at me. I was beginning to wonder if that was it and he was finished talking. After his drink came and hed emptied it he said, I dont know the exact details. I was away at school. When I came home he already had the business. But I heard things that disturbed me about the acquisition of it. I tried questioning him but if you knew my father, you would know how much easier said than done that was. Over the years, Harlan has filled me in on some of the details. I actually got to the point where I asked him not to tell me anymore. My father pushed and pushed me to get a business degree and take over this company. I didnt want to work there knowing certain things 

I raised an eyebrow. I was trying to look confused as I said, Are you telling me he obtained the company illegally?

Seth was intoxicated, but not so much that he didnt realize the implications of what I had just said out loud. He looked around to make sure no one was listening to us and then he said, No! He was an attorney a good one. What he did was totally legal. I just have concerns about the ethics of it.

What did he do?

I dont know the details, Erin. I just wonder sometimes that since I continue working for him details or not am I as bad as he is? He looked so distressed by that thought that the woman in me who wanted to ruin him was completely over-ruled by the one that wanted to love him. I reached over and took his hand and squeezed it. 

Whatever he did, it sounds to me like you were just a kid at the time. How can you blame yourself for that?

I dont, he said, squeezing my hand in return. But I do worry about continuing to amass millions when when Im not even sure if we should rightfully be where we are today or not. Im pretty sure the fact I keep going in and sitting in that CEO chair every day makes me as guilty as he is. 

I was touched that he had opened up to me. I wanted to take him in my arms and make it all better and I had to remind myself that he was right If he knew they didnt deserve what they had, then he had to know someone else had lost out or suffered because of it. He was guilty at least of being selectively ignorant. He lived with James Hunter he ran his company he had every opportunity to find out exactly what his father did, so why didnt he?


~

CHAPTER ELEVEN

~



So he admitted that he knew his father was doing business unethically?

Grant and I were sitting on our couch sharing a pizza and having a beer. It was three days after the night Seth had opened up to me. I was still torn about whether or not he had actually admitted that he knew anything. The bottom line to me was that he had a complicated relationship with his father. He knew that James Hunter was not a good man but he was his father. That had to be a terrible position to be in. 

He admitted that he suspected it. I dont honestly think he really knows anything. I doubt that James Hunter is the type of man to come right out and admit to anything, even to his son. Seth says that how the family looks outwardly is overly important to him.

Grant took a bite of his pizza but as he chewed it, I could almost see the wheels turning in his head. After he swallowed and took a swig from his beer he said, Are you sure that the feelings you have for this guy are not clouding your judgment just a little bit? I mean, hes the CEO of this company. Dont you think it would be next to impossible for him to represent, run and maintain this business having no idea where it came from? 

I hated it when Grant expressed the private thoughts I had but didnt want to even hear myself. Next to impossible maybe. But if he really didnt want to know, I guess he could just close his eyes to that part of it.

Then doesnt that make him guilty still?

Guilty of what? I asked. I knew the answer but I felt so compelled to defend him.

You can be guilty by a lot of acts, honey. The act of omission, feigning ignorance when others are being hurt by something someone else is doing looking the other way

I looked at Grant and for the first time, I spoke the truth out loud, I dont want him to be guilty of anything. I want to find out that it was all James and Seth knew nothing about a little girl whose inheritance was stolen away. I was crying now and as the tears rolled silently down my cheeks I went on, If he knows something and he didnt do anything about it then Im falling in love with an unethical man. I was sobbing and Grant put down his beer and held open his arms. I moved into them and we sat there on the couch for a long time with me sobbing and him petting my hair and shushing me and telling me it was all going to be okay. I didnt believe him. How was it going to be okay? Either I was going to lose everything Id worked for or I was going to lose Seth. 


***



SETH


I woke up Sunday morning with the same thought on my mind that Id had every day for the past two months: Erin. I couldnt get her out of my mind	 and the strangest part of all was that I hadnt even had her in my bed yet. For me, that was an oddity. Erin was the first woman Id ever met that I had found worth waiting for. I typically met women who were ready for my bed as soon as they heard my name. The Hunter name carried a lot of clout in New Yorks circles of high society. Any number of women were eager to get close to me. It brought them one step closer to my name and my fathers money. That was how I thought of it my fathers money. The money I made as CEO of the company I spent without qualms. I worked hard and I felt deserving of it. The money in the trust fund that my father set up for me and allowed me access to on my twenty-fifth birthday was his money, not mine. I had yet to touch it.

I got out of bed and shook off thoughts of my father, replacing them with the much more pleasant ones of Erin. I took my shower and dressed in anticipation of the day we were going to spend together. This was my weekend to choose and since shed had an obligation with her roommate on Saturday night, I had chosen tennis at the country club on Sunday. It would afford me an entire day with her and if things went as I hoped, a room at the club would be waiting for us when it was over. 

I picked up Erin outside of her apartment at ten a.m. I found it strange that I still hadnt been inside her apartment, or that I hadnt met the roommate she talked with such fondness about. I didnt get the feeling that she was hiding anything sinister. It was almost as if whatever she hadnt shared with me was too painful and it kept her from crossing that final line that would bring us together as a couple. I had some painful secrets of my own, however so I wasnt in a position to demand answers. I was certain of how I felt for her, however. All I needed to do now was make sure she was certain of how she felt about me. 

I started to get out of the jaguar and open the door for her, but by the time I was halfway out, she was already sliding onto the passenger seat. 

Hi, she said, with that trademark smile of hers that Id come to love. I realized then and there that I would probably do anything to see that smile. So far, she had made that easy. Erin wasnt looking for money or a family name that would take her to the top of the high society crowd. She seemed to be happy just being with me and although that was a new feeling, I was quickly becoming accustomed to it. 

Good morning. Look at you. You look like a tennis professional.

She laughed. I havent played tennis since I was in middle school.

Why?

She shrugged and I knew she was going to leave it at that. Her background seemed so strange to me sometimes. It was like she had a life of privilege where she rode horses and played tennis and attended grand parties and once she was grown, she had literally done nothing except work towards her future. I respected that greatly, but as a child of privilege myself, I found it odd. 

I just havent had the time. I was too busy working towards my degree, and then just plain working.

Hmm, I said. 

Hmm, what?

Have you had any fun at all over the last ten years?

She looked at me with a look that left me smoldering and said, Ive had lots of it in the past two months.

For the time being, that answer was good enough. The conversation turned to light discussions of the agenda for tomorrow mornings executive meeting and as we turned onto the tree lined street that led up to the Country Club my family had belonged to for ages, I basked in the simple comfort that spending time with her gave me. 

When we got out of the car at the club Erins green eyes filled with joy as she looked out across the gardens. They were filled with blood red roses and lavender lilies. The fragrance from them wafted across the parking lot and I just stood there for a few minutes watching her breathe it in. I walked around and when she saw me her attention was refocused. This place is beautiful, she said. 

I took her hands in mine and looked into her dark jade green eyes and said, Not as beautiful as you.

She smiled, You probably say that to all the girls.

I leaned in so that I was so close to her ear that when my mouth moved, my lips brushed up against it and I said, Not anymore. Ive finally found the only one I want to say it to. I felt her shiver and when I looked at her face; her eyes were wide like she didnt believe what I had just said. I knew that she thought I was a player and when she first met me that was true. Something about knowing Erin had changed me. I didnt want to be that man any longer. I wanted to be a better one. I wanted to be the only man that she wanted.

So, are we going to play tennis, or what? Erin said, in a little shaky voice.

I smiled, Of course. We cant have that crisp, white and if you dont mind me saying, incredibly sexy, tennis dress going to waste.

No we cant, she said. She flipped that long red hair that drove me mad over her shoulder and turned to walk towards the entrance of the club. I had done my best once I realized she was different from most of the women I knew to hide the pervert that dwelled at my core. But with that sexy little flip and the V-neck, starch white dress that accentuated every one of her delightful curves It was on the verge of being unleashed. 



ERIN


I could feel Seths eyes on me as I pranced along in front of him on the way into the club. He brought out a playful side of me that I had all but forgotten and I loved it. When we reached the door I felt him reach around me to open it. You look so damned hot, I almost forgot my manners, he said. I shivered for the second time that morning. The feel of his warm breath against my neck was sending signals to just about every part of my body. In a playful voice I said, Is there any chance youll be distracted enough not to notice how rusty my game is when we get out on the courts?

He laughed and said, At the very least Ill be polite and pretend not to notice.

Thanks, I said with a grin. He took me into the pro shop where I thought he was going to rent or borrow a racquet for me since Id told him I didnt have one. Instead, five hundred dollars later hed bought me a top of the line one and two cans of tennis balls. 

We went out to the clay courts and took our places on opposite sides of the net. Well just warm up, he said. Then I watched as he bounced a ball in front of him and his sexy biceps flexed against the cotton material of the polo shirt he was wearing as he pulled back his tennis racquet and let it fly. I let it fly too right past me. He laughed hard and said, I forgot to tell you that youre supposed to hit it back. I stuck my tongue out at him.

Hit me with another. He did and again, I watched it go by. Laughing myself now I said, Maybe we could start out with me hitting one to you.

Sure, he said with an amused expression. He tossed me one of the balls and I tried to look confident as I bounced it up and down with my racquet before at last turning loose and lobbing it over the net. He hit it back; Im positive with much less force and finesse than he would have against a real opponent. I hit it back and when it cleared the net I jumped up and down and squealed loudly. I was so happy that I forgot we were still in a volley and the ball landed in the center of my gut. I let out an, Oomph! as it did and within seconds, Seth was at my side. 

Im so sorry. Are you okay?

I was looking at him like he was a magician. Im fine. How the heck did you get here so quickly?

I came over the net, he said. Are you sure youre okay?

You jumped over the net?

Yes, why is that so odd? I thought you were hurt. He looked so concerned, I felt both bad and impressed that he cared so much. I wrapped my arms around his neck and hugged him tightly. 

Its not odd, its sweet, I said. Thank you. Im a dork, but Im fine. 

Laughing, he said, Youre not a dork. Here, let me just show you a more efficient stance. He stepped behind me and wrapped his arms around mine. The warmth of his body pressing against me and his breath on the side of my face was making me dizzy. He slid his hands down my arms sending goose bumps scurrying in every direction. Then he slid one of his knees in between mine to reposition my leg and I went weak in my own. 

Shift this outer leg over like this, he said. His mouth was closer to my ear then and my arms and hands were shaking so badly that I actually dropped my racquet. I felt him smile against my face. The arrogant son of a. His lips were on the bottom part of my ear and then started sliding down my neck. My body was convulsing now. We were in public, he needed to stop.

He took his sweet lips from my neck and turned me around to face him. He was looking at me with pure desire in his blue eyes and I was rendered speechless. Then I felt the warmth of his lips on mine and the soft touch of his hand against my cheek as he pulled me in for a kiss. Our tongues found each other and intertwined as we lost ourselves. For that moment I once again forgot that people were watching. It was just he and I, the only two people on the earth. When he at last let me up so that I could breathe I said in a ragged, forced breath, We should stop, people are watching.

Or we could get a room, he said, in that sexy, throaty, seductive voice of his. Any small piece of willpower I had left was left melted on that clay court and I stepped right over it as I took his hand and followed him back inside. 


~

CHAPTER TWELVE

~



I fell asleep in Seths arms after we made love and woke up hours later disoriented and confused at first. As soon as I looked over and saw his face that warm, delicious feeling he gave me returned and I snuggled back down against him. I lay there in the silence of the plush, up-scale room and listened to the sounds of his breathing and the rhythm of his beating heart. I let myself revel in it for a while before allowing the seeds of self-doubt to slip back in. 

I thought about making love to him and I knew deep in my heart that it wasnt wrong everything about it had felt right everything. His touch was gentle and warm and rough and possessive all at once and Im not lying when I say that Ive never felt anything even closely akin to it. But then I had to ask what about my task? What about my fathers company my company? Was I, now that I had consummated my feelings for this amazing man, still willing to destroy his family? Could I do what I had to do without destroying him without hurting him? 

I felt Seth stir and I looked up at his face. He still had his eyes closed and his long, light-brown eyelashes lay across the tops of his cheeks as he breathed in and out. I reached up and touched his face and when he felt my touch, he smiled. 

Hi beautiful, he said. 

Hi gorgeous.

He stretched and then used his strong arm to pull me back into him. He held me against his chest, stroking my back lightly with his fingers. He kissed the top of my head and said, Thank you.

Thank you, I said, with a smile.

I wasnt just talking about the sex, he said. Although, many thanks for that I was talking about you. You make me feel like I can be a better person.

I sat up, propped on my elbow and looked at his face. Why would you say that? I asked him. Youre such a good person.

Im glad you think so baby, he said. But there is so much room for improvement. I finally feel like Im going to get there though. I finally feel like it doesnt matter anymore how wrong my father thinks everything I do is

Hes wrong, I told him. The simple thought of that awful man having the unmitigated gall to tell Seth that he was anything less than perfect made me instantly angry. Everyone who works with you, Seth, knows what a fantastic businessman and even better boss you are. 

I work hard and I try to do whats right but thats the issue he has with me.

What do you mean?

He smiled suddenly and said, Im sorry. This is a crazy discussion to be having after I just made love to the most amazing woman in the world. I dont even know where this is coming from. You just make me feel so safe.

The guilt was like a constant dull ache in my chest when I was with him. When he said that I made him feel safe enough to disclose things it felt like the guilt had taken ahold of my heart like a fist and was squeezing it. I took a deep breath and the wicked me decided that this was too good of an opportunity. I would make it up to him later. I would explain. No, its not crazy. Im glad you feel safe with me. What do you mean by him having a problem with you doing what is right?

Seth shook his head and with a heavy sigh he said, He just has no scruples. His moral compass is all skewed, if its even there at all any longer. I fought it for so long, but I wasnt strong enough to keep standing up to him until I met you. I was headed in the direction that hes built his fortune on. I would do what I had to and use whom I had to and take everything I could get from everyone I met. Thank you, Erin. Thank you for making me want to be a better man. I wanted to tell you that for obvious reasons but also, because my father will be at the executive meeting in the morning.

I hugged him tight. I couldnt speak at that moment because I knew if I did the dam was going to break. I scooted my body up instead and kissed him. The kiss turned passionate and before long we were lost in each others bodies once more. Id have to think about what hed told me and what I was going to do later. That moment in time was reserved only for him. 

That night when Seth dropped me off at my apartment, I wanted to ask him in. I wanted to invite him to spend the night with me. I didnt, and I think he was a little hurt because of it. I think he thought I had an issue with introducing him to Grant. It wasnt that at all. Grant wasnt there and I knew it, but if he had been, I know that Grant would have been a perfect gentleman. I was worried because I had photographs in my room. They were treasured photos of my family and my childhood home. I even had my fathers old framed photographs of the first sign he had made for the company and a photo of him sitting behind his desk in his first office at the company he owned and created. All the lies everything Id told him or the things I hadnt told him about my past were right there out in the open for him to see. If I were going to continue to do this, and continue to see him I would have to make some adjustments. Im positive Grant would have a thing or two to say about that. 


***



The next morning, I got to work early as I normally did. The building was still practically empty except for security and some of the cleaning staff. I put my bag in my office and when I got to the door of the conference room for our Monday morning executives meeting it burst open and a man brushed roughly past me. Once again, I had encountered the great and powerful James Hunter and he hadnt even noticed me.

I had to stand there for a moment until I stopped shaking and then I reached for the door again and went inside. I hated that he had that effect on me. I forced all thoughts of him out of my mind and sucked in the sweet aroma of coffee and cinnamon rolls. As usual, the room was set up for the meeting, including muffins and rolls and coffee and tea. Seths assistant was in the building at the crack of dawn sometimes. Shes wonderful. 

She was sitting in her usual spot and I thought it was strange that she didnt even look up when I came in the room. Good morning, Deborah, I said to her. She looked up as if she just noticed me. 

Oh. Good morning, Erin. Her voice was shaky and I thought that was odd. It dawned on me that someone needed to tell her how much what she did was appreciated. 

I went over to pour myself a cup of coffee and said, I dont know if you get the credit you deserve around here or not, but I have to tell you what a wonderful job I think you do, and thank you. I turned around and was instantly horrified at what I had done, although I wasnt even sure what that was. She was crying.

Oh Deborah, Im so sorry. Dont cry, please. I sat down next to her and lay my hand gently on her arm. She reached over with her other hand and took mine and squeezed. She wasnt making any noise but the tears were rolling rapidly down her cheeks. Im sorry, I said again. I had no idea what I was apologizing for. She sucked in a deep, ragged breath. 

Dont be sorry, Erin. You didnt do anything. Thank you for the compliment. Im sorry. Im so embarrassed.

Oh no, dont be embarrassed. Is there something I can do? Do you need to talk?

She looked up towards the door and said, Im just a stupid woman. Unfortunately, theres nothing anyone can do about that but me. She looked at me then, right in the eyes and said, Seths a good boy, hes not like his father but be careful, dont make the same mistakes I did.

Im sorry I was confused. Did she know about Seth and me? I suppose neither of us hid it very well, the clandestine meetings in our offices, the laughing and joking and sometimes a pat on the shoulder or a touch of the hand. Before I could finish my question however the door had opened again and the room began to fill up with the usual players. Deborah had wiped her face on a napkin quickly. Then she looked at me and discreetly placed a finger to her lips. I nodded and looked up in time to see Seth. He smiled at me and I smiled back. Then I looked around the room and wondered how many of the rest of them knew what Deborah knew. Then I wondered if it mattered. Then I wondered what she had meant about making the same mistakes that she had. James Hunter had left the room just before that Deborah and James?


~

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

~



The meeting went as it normally did and I left it with about five new assignments. Seth was still talking to Harlan and Michael when I left. I took the folders with the new assignments back to my office and prepared to go to work. As I sat them down on the desk, I noticed a rectangular white and gold envelope lying there with my name on it. I picked it up and opened it, pulling out a white card with gold engraving. It was an invitation to Hunter Corp Ball. I sat down in my chair and looked closer at it. It was this coming Saturday night and would be held at the familys estate in the Hamptons. Another thing I didnt know about Seth. I had no idea that his family had an estate in the Hamptons. Hed mentioned something about riding horses at a house in Marthas Vineyard I wondered how many houses they actually had. 

I felt, before I saw Seth standing in the doorway of my office. Hi, he said, when I looked up.

Hey. How are you?

He came over and sat down across from me. With a wide grin he said, Ive been smiling like this since yesterday. I cant stop. Youre as amazing as I thought you would be. More so.

I had to smile at that. Grant had told me I looked like I slept with a coat hanger in my mouth the night before when he got home this morning. He knew I had sex before I was finally ribbed into admitting it. I blushed now as I said, I know the feeling. 

Good, Id hate to think its just me.

No, not just you. Youre amazing. I felt funny talking about this at work and I felt myself blush again. I think Seth got it because he changed the subject then. 

The meeting went well. Deborah tells me my father was in the building today. Sometimes he stays around for the meetings. Im glad he decided to skip it.

Me too. Oh that must have been him I passed in the hall. Is he a tall man with dark hair, gray at the temples sharp dresser?

That would be Daddy, he said with a sarcastic smile. 

Can I ask you a question?

Sure.

How long has Deborah worked for you?

Seth wrinkled his brow and said, She worked for my father for over ten years and just sort of inherited me when he stopped working full-time. Why?

Close the door. He really looked at me strangely then, but he got up and did as I asked. When he came back he perched himself on the edge of my desk and said, Okay, so whats up?

Your father came out of the conference room this morning before I went in there. Deborah was there and I was just talking to her about what a good job she does around here and she started crying.

Seth looked uncomfortable as he said, You think my father made her cry? Did she say something?

Not really. I mean, she didnt say anything about your father but she did say something strange to me.

Which was?

She said you were a good boy and not your father something like that. Then she looked me dead in the eye and said, But be careful, dont make the same mistakes I did. I was about to ask her what she meant when everyone came in.

She was warning you about me?

I dont think it was so much about you and me as it was her maybe her and your father I thought.

Seth raised both eyebrows then and said, You think my father and Deborah are? Ew!

I laughed at that. Seth, your father is what? Maybe fifty-five. Hes a nice looking man. You dont think he sees women?

He shrugged and said, I suppose. I just dont like to think about it. Especially not with Debbie.

Why? You dont like Deborah?

No. Its because I do like Deborah. Shes way too good for him.

Seth! I tried to sound incredulous, but I laughed and gave myself away. 

Im serious, he said. He claimed to love my mother and to this day claims its why he stayed single after she died but I was there; I saw how he treated my mother. She deserved better too. A lot better. My mother was an incredible woman and he treated her like dirt.

How long ago did your mother pass away? 

Five years ago, he said. I miss her every day.

Yeah, I know how you feel, I said. 

Im sorry, Erin. You lost both of your parents and a lot younger than I lost mine. Im being insensitive. I got off track anyways. What was the point of all of this again?

I was just wondering how Deborah knew about us more than anything.

I dont know. I havent been bragging, although I think I have a right to, he grinned and waggled his eyebrows up and down.

I laughed, Youre hopeless.

Seriously, he said. Do you mind people knowing? I mean, I guess we havent talked about exclusivity but I know that I dont want to see anyone else and Id love to be thought of as part of a couple with you.

Youre so sweet sometimes, I said. Once again hed made me warm all over.

Just sometimes?

Yeah, I said. Just sometimes. The rest of the time, youre still a little arrogant. 

He laughed, Theres my outspoken red-head. But you didnt answer the question.

No, I dont care that people know. Id like to be known as half of that couple as well.

Good, he said with a wink. Because I was hoping to take you to the Ball this weekend.

Oh this, I said, picking up the invitation. 

Yep, that. My father puts it on every year. Its like a thank you for the shareholders and top performers of the company. Id love it if you would go with me as my official date.

How could I refuse? A night to get dressed up like a princess and debut on Seths armgood! A night with the opportunity to get inside the inner sanctum and do a little bit of snoopinggreat. Coming face to face with James at last not so good, but doable. Id love to, I told him. 


***



After I said yes to Seth about the ball, I was equal parts of excited and terrified. I started out the week excited. I left work early for the first time since I started the job at Hunter Corp. and I went shopping. I love to shop, but for me this trip was a nerve-wracking experience. I was going to be on the arm of the CEO. That alone would put the spotlight on me. I was also going to be meeting his father for the first time. That would have been nerve-wracking in and of itself. But this was not just any father. This was the man I had loved to hate most of my life, my arch nemesis. 

I went from boutique to department store and even to the mall. Then I went back to the boutique and once again to the mall for my shoes and a purse to match the gown I had finally settled on. Id gone back and bought the first dress that I tried on. It was a dark green formal evening dress. The boutique called it a Military Ball dress. It was a sleeveless, sequined mermaid style dress with a brush train in the back. The neck was a split V design and it fit like a sleeve across my bust, waist and hips. I loved it the first time I tried it on but was worried that maybe it was too much. After I tried on several others, I decided that I wasnt going to do any better in terms of style or a color that would flatter my bright hair, my green eyes and my pale skin. 

When I walked into the apartment that Tuesday night, Grant was laying shirtless on the couch watching some mindless sitcom and eating ice cream out of the container. He actually had the container resting on his naked stomach. 

Hey guy! Whats going on?

Why ever would you think something was going on? he asked, with his trademark Grant grin.

I sat down near his feet and said, Let me see. Youre watching a syndicated comedy show on television, half-naked with a pint of ice cream sitting on your belly as you eat it and you have Ben and Jerrys in that one little piece of chest hair you have there.

Hey! I have lots of chest hair. Im a manly man!

Yeah, okay. I guess its invisible.

With a mock wounded look he said, This is what I need when Ive had a bad day insults.

Aw, Im sorry. What happened? Why was the day so bad?

His eyes looked really sad as he said, Juniper doesnt want to see me anymore.

Her name still really bothered me, but I did my best to be mature about it as I said, Did she say why?

She says we were fun but we werent going anywhere. She says shes nearly thirty and she needs to know where her future is leading.

Oh

What? You agree with her? Weve only been dating for three weeks. You know for me thats a commitment in itself. Why does she need to know where its going already?

Let me ask you this. Why does it matter to you all of a sudden? In the past, you would have been happy for an excuse to get out of it.

Because I really like her. I really thought she might be the one.

I laughed and said, Well then whats the problem? Isnt that what she wants?

I didnt tell her that.

Why not crazy boy?

Because she might be the one, but I need to know her better before I make that decision. Im not going to tell her something just because its what she wants to hear. Then if it doesnt work out, she gets hurt.

Aw, my poor Grant. Here you are, actually trying to do whats right and getting punished for it and Im doing everything wrong and getting rewarded.

He put down the ice cream and swung his legs down and sat up. Putting his arm around me, he said, You are doing what youre doing to get back what should have been yours to begin with.

And in the process, Im using the first man that Ive ever had real feelings for. Hes God Grant; hes just everything I ever wanted. I couldnt have dreamed up a more perfect man. Here I am shopping for a gown so that I can fit in at this ball meanwhile planning to sneak around and go through his fathers personal things. What a horrible person I am.

Grant pulled me into his shoulder and kissed the top of my head. You love this guy?

I felt the tears begin to fall on his bare shoulder as I nodded and said, I think I am. Ive never been in love before. Im not sure what its supposed to feel like.

So what does it feel like?

I cant think straight when hes around. He makes me laugh, he makes me feel safe, and he makes me feel beautiful and smart and funny

I was sobbing by then and Grant lifted my chin so that he could look at my face when he said,  That sounds like love to me, baby.

What should I do? I asked him.

I cant tell you what to do, especially not about this. Everything youve done for so many years has been to get where you are now. Seth was a complication to say the least. But now, if you really want to be with him and you want it to work Im afraid that youre going to have to choose.

Between him and my company?

Think about this, he said. If it works out between the two of you and you end up in wedded bliss with two point five children, you could always tell him then. From what youve told me, I doubt that hed choose the old man over you. 

I knew that he was right. I also knew that I couldnt choose. I was in love with Seth, I was sure of it. I didnt know how to walk away from that. I didnt want to. I didnt know how to walk away from my company either. I didnt want to. So, after considering Grants words all week I got ready for the party Saturday night in a jumble of nerves. I knew I wasnt ready to tell Seth the truth. I knew I wasnt ready to give up on my legacy. I wanted it all. 


~

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

~



I was shaking by the time Seth rang the doorbell to pick me up Saturday night. Grant was out, thank goodness. It seemed lately that every time we talked, I ended up baring my soul and dissolving into tears. Poor Grant was probably wishing for a tough guy roommate for a change. When I opened the door my breath was taken away. Seth was wearing a dark blue suit. It looked like it had been handmade and hand-tailored. It fit him perfectly and accentuated his gorgeous, hard body. The lapels were a dark gray color, the shirt underneath matched the lapels and his tie matched the suit that perfectly matched his eyes. When I could find my breath I said, Hi there, handsome.

He looked as taken with me as I was with him. I had worn my hair mostly down. I had the top done in a twist that pulled the front and sides away from my face. I had a sapphire necklace that used to belong to my mom. It was one of a very small handful of things I was able to keep when I was forced to leave my home. I felt like a princess in my dress and the way that Seth was looking at me made me feel that much more beautiful. At last he let out a long, low wolf whistle. 

God, you are perfect. 

Thank you, I said. So are you. 

Are you ready? 

I was and I wasnt. Yeah, Im ready, I said, grabbing my bag. Seth and I took the elevator down and once again, my breath was taken away when I saw the limousine waiting for us outside my building. Even working for these people, I had failed to wrap my head around the extent of the money that was involved here. I wondered if James Hunter ever felt even a little bit guilty about having so much while a thirteen year old girl had grown up with so little. 

As we drove along I noticed that Seth was unusually quiet and even more out of the ordinary, somewhat fidgety. Whats wrong? I asked him, finally.

Nothing, he lied.

Are you sure? You seem so nervous. He reached over and took my hand.

Intertwining his fingers with mine he squeezed and said, Im sure. Im fine. When he relaxed the squeeze I could feel his hand shake. My arrogant, self-assured, CEO was a nervous wreck, whether he wanted to admit it or not. His relationship with his father had to be even worse than hed let on.

We rode along in virtual silence. The trip was long and by the time the limousine began its trek up the long, windy road that led to the estate I was almost ready to call the whole thing off. I watched out the window as the rolling green hills turned into a magnificent waterfront estate. It sat right on Mecox Bay. I couldnt help it, I had to ask.

How many acres is this estate?

Eleven, he said, simply. 

Wow, I said. I looked out across the water that was lit up by the twinkly light strung across it and saw a huge white yacht sitting off in the distance. I didnt ask, but I was sure that belonged to them as well. When was this built?

Seth looked completely uninterested, but he was polite enough to continue answering my questions. In the 1920s sometime, I think. Its been added on to and renovated about a billion times.

Did you grow up here? The limousine stopped and Seth stared up at the estate like it was the first time he had ever seen it.

When I wasnt away at school.

The chauffeur came around and opened the doors for us once we were parked on the circular cobblestone driveway in front of the house. I stepped out and looked up. It almost hurt my neck to be able to take it all in at once. Seth took my arm and led me up the stone steps with the wrought iron railing that led up to the huge double doors. Before we went inside I had to ask one more question.

How many square feet is this home? Seth chuckled and I said, Im sorry. Too many questions, I know. Ive just never seen a house this big up close. We had a large home when I was a kid, before my parents died. It was 10,000 square feet. That house would fit down inside of this one.

Dont be sorry, he said. He leaned over and kissed the side of my face. I think youre adorable. It was about 22,000 at the last renovation in 2006 I believe.

Wow, I said again. I could feel the rage begin to seep through my body and build in my chest. This man stole everything from me and here he lives in this lavish home that could house ten families comfortably. This is what he already had when he felt the need to take everything from me. I was no longer ambivalent about taking this man on. I would do my best to make sure that Seth didnt get taken down as collateral damage, but I knew I had to move forward with my plans. 


~

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

~



Seth had me on his arm as we walked into the midst of the party but he had a distant and anxious look on his face and I had to wonder if he even remembered that I was here. 

Hey, there he is. An older man with a smart-looking platinum haired woman at his elbow spoke to Seth as we passed by. Seth was suddenly focused and I marveled at the quick transformation.

Howard! Louise! Its great to see you both. Louise, he said, turning towards the older woman and taking her hand. He brought it to his lips without taking his eyes from hers as he said, You get younger every time I see you. What is your secret?

Howard laughed a deep, hearty laugh. His wife gave him a dirty look and then with a brilliant smile in Seths direction she said, Well, its certainly not the company I keep. How are you dear?

I get better every day, he told her with a wink. Let me introduce this lovely young lady to you. Howard and Louise Barker this is Erin Summers.

It was Howards turn to flirt. He took my hand and made a grand play of kissing it the way Seth had done with his wifes. Then he said, Im so delighted to meet you.

Im pleased to meet you both, I told them. 

Howard is one of our shareholders, Seth told me. Howard, Erin is our CBDO. Shes been with us a few months now and I have to say were lucky we found her.

And where did you find her? That voice came from behind us. I was still holding onto Seths arm and I felt his muscles tighten as he turned us around slowly to face James Hunter. My stomach drew up into instant knots. 

Good evening, Father.

Seth. James Hunter was looking at me. His blue eyes were the same shade as his sons, but they were as cold as ice as they held my gaze. And you are?

I held out my hand, praying that my palm wasnt sweaty and said, Erin Summers.

James took my hand, very briefly and then said, Summers do you have family in the business?

No sir.

Hmm, he said. Well, it looks like you got the job and the CEO. I dont know if your work is any good, but its fast, Ill give you that.

I was in shock. Did he really just say that to me? In front of people, no less. I had to remind myself to shut my mouth when I realized it was agape. I waited a few beats, just knowing that Seth would say something. When he didnt I finally said, If you come by my office sometime sir, Id be happy to show you how good my work is. Im well qualified for the position.

James smiled, but it wasnt a pleasant or happy expression as he said, Im sure youre qualified for many positions, wouldnt you agree, son?

I could feel my face turning bright red and it was burning up. I was furious and only got more so as Seth continued to do nothing. I glanced at him and he wouldnt even meet my gaze. Howard and Louise were standing behind him and they both looked as embarrassed as I felt. I finally realized that Seth had lost his spine when his father walked in the room.

Maybe Im misreading you sir but your implications are offensive to me. Id appreciate it if

He didnt let me finish. He gave a glance around the ridiculously large room we were standing in and said, This is my place and I wont be told by anyone what I can and cannot do in it. 

Father, please Seths voice was a whisper, and instead of an outraged tone, it was more of a whiney plea. 

Please what? James said. When Seth didnt answer he turned back on me and said, I do believe you two deserve one another. Then he walked away as quickly as he appeared.

When he was out of range Seth looked down at me and said, Erin, Im

Dont bother, I told him, wrenching my arm free. I heard him say my name again as I stormed off, but I wasnt about to stop. How dare he stand there and let anyone talk to me in that fashion. I was appalled. I found one of the circulating waiters and grabbed a glass of champagne off his tray. After downing that I took a few deep breaths and tried to calm down enough to think. I could let my anger get the best of me, or I could take this opportunity to further my own agenda. Looking back across the room I saw Seth was conversing with another one of his executives, no doubt once again acting like he was on top of his game. I saw my chance and turned towards a hallway that was as wide as a city street and made my way down it. On one side of me was a wall decorated with expensive artwork and the other side was made of floor to ceiling windows that looked out onto the bay. It was gorgeous and it made me hate James Hunter that much more. 

As I was gazing out the window with those thoughts running through my head I heard a mans voice and a name I shouldnt be hearing. 

Adele Morgan? In spite of myself, I shivered. I hadnt heard anyone other than Louisa call me that in over six years. I continued staring out the window. I could see the reflection of an older man in a sharp suit standing behind me. Adele? he said again. This time I took a deep breath and turned around. 

Im so sorry; I think you must have mistaken me for someone else

No, there is no way that you arent little Adele Morgan. That is unless she had a twin sister I didnt know about. I wracked my brain trying to think of where I might have met this man. Was he a friend of my fathers? How the hell did he know who I was? I decided to keep up the charade.

I smiled sweetly and said, Im Erin Summers. Im not sure who Adele Morgan is

He laughed. Somehow this man knew who I was. He was going to blow this for me. Everything Id struggled for over the past ten years gone. I had to wonder if Id be better off admitting the truth and asking him to keep it between us. But, if he knew who I was, he obviously knew who my father was and what James Hunter did. If he was an ally of Jamess then I was screwed. 

Im not sure why you want to insist youre not her. You look just like your mother. When he said that another woman suddenly came around the corner towards us from the other end of the hall. I smiled at her and when she was out of sight I took the older man by his arm and pulled him into the room behind us. 

We were in a library of sorts maybe an office. At that moment, I didnt care. What makes you so insistent that Im this Adele person?

I knew your parents well. I was one of your fathers clients when the company was still in his hands. He was a good man and your mother was a great lady. I was at your home for dinner more than once. I think the last time I saw you, you were only four or five, but your face and your hair those jade green eyes, thats all Sally Morgan through and through.

What is your name? I asked him.

Oh dear. Excuse me. Im Phillip, he said, holding out his hand. Phillip Granger. 

Mr. Granger, are you a friend of the Hunters?

Please, call me Phillip. No Miss, Im not a friend of theirs. I suppose Seth is okay but I dont know him that well yet. I am no fan of James Hunter unfortunately I bought my shares before I realized just how badly I disliked the man, I may have invested elsewhere. 

Knowing that I didnt have any other choice at the moment I said, I am Adele Morgan but please Mr. Granger

Phillip, he corrected.

Phillip. Please, I dont want anyone to know that. 

Im capable of keeping a confidence, he said. But Im terribly curious as to why. Why would you change your name? Your parents were wonderful people, I was so sad when they died. Then I heard about you being left with nothing He looked sickened by that and I suddenly had a feeling that perhaps Id found an ally.

You know what James Hunter did to me?

I heard rumors that Jamess purchase of the company wasnt solely done on the up and up, so to speak. I always wondered what happened to you. Your father was so proud of you, you know? He used to brag all the time about how smart you were and how someday you would take his company to new heights. I felt the tears burning the corners of my eyes as I listened to him. His words only served to renew my convictions. He suddenly said, Adele, why are you here? Does James Hunter not know who you are?

Im not sure, I said. I didnt think he did but he was so rude to me earlier. Tonight is the first time Ive actually met him face to face, although Ive worked for the company for nearly three months. I came here with Seth tonight I felt my chest tighten at the thought, at the memory of him just standing there, cowering in front of his father as James proceeded to walk all over me.

How do you know Seth? 

I looked into Phillips eyes and what I saw there was compassion and sorrow. I needed to trust someone and something about this man told me that I could trust him. I began talking, telling him everything from the day I found out my parents were dead until tonight. I told him about intending to use Seth and developing feelings for him as well if I was going to trust him, I was going all out. When I finished he looked even more sad. 

Im so sorry for you, Adele. I cant imagine being so heartless that you could take away a childs legacy from their dead parents and still look at yourself in the mirror every day.

I have a feeling that James Hunter enjoys looking at himself in the mirror.

I have to say that sadly, I agree. He is definitely one of the most narcissistic people I have had the displeasure of knowing. Have you found anything out that will help you in your cause yet?

Nothing solid, but Seth has told me some things what he can remember, but I honestly dont think he knows what James did, exactly. He was a kid too when it all took place.

I can see that you are very fond of him.

I am, but Im afraid I may have realized too late that his fear of his father runs a lot deeper than whatever feelings he might have for me. 

I want to help you, he said.

I felt a surge of hope once again. I was getting nowhere I needed help. Thank you, I cant even tell you how much that means to me.

I can imagine. I loved my parents too and if anyone had tried to take what I had left of them when they were gone, I would have fought to the death for it. I have the good fortune as a shareholder to have access to a lot of private documents. Ive never had reason to look through the old ones before, but I will be doing that now.

I lost my head for a second and threw my arms around the portly little man. I felt his body shake as he laughed. When I let go of him my face was hot with embarrassment. Im sorry. Im just so grateful.

Dont be sorry. Its been a long time since a fat old bald man such as myself received such an affectionate hug from a pretty young lady. He took two business cards and an ink pen out of his breast pocket and handed it to me. My numbers are on there. Write yours down for me on the other one.

I did as he asked and he said, I will be in touch. If you need to get ahold of me before that, AErin, he said with a smile. Calling me that let me know that he was willing to keep my secret safe. Feel free to call me anytime.

Thank you so much. I will always be grateful.

I hope I can help you, he said. I will do my best. I stood rooted to the spot while he left. I felt like the stars were finally lining up on my side.


~

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

~



I stood there looking around the room I was in for a full five minutes after Phillip left. It was definitely a library. It was filled with classic and out of print titles that were probably worth more than all of Jamess executives yearly salaries put together. I had to look at all of this excess that he seemed to flaunt and wonder how much of it came from illegal or immoral gains. I hardly doubt that his taking advantage of me was the first or the last time he took advantage of someone. Shaking my head in disgust, I moved on. No one was in the hall so I headed in the direction I had been going in to begin with and slipped into the next room I came to. It was some kind of office, or study. There was an oversized cherry wood desk in front of a plush looking leather chair. Behind it was a set of shelves that contained gold framed photographs of James Hunter with various public figures and even a few celebrities. I didnt see any of him with his own son imagine that. To the left of the shelves was a large wooden filing cabinet. 

I went back over to the door and looked out into the hall once more. It still appeared that I was alone. I closed the door and went over to the filing cabinet. Sliding the top drawer open I saw neatly organized files with dates written across the top of each of them. It appeared that they were in chronological order. The drawer I was in appeared to be recent files from this year. I knew that I didnt have time to stand here and go through all of them right now, although I would have liked to for no other reason than to see what other evil things this man had been up to. I closed that drawer and opened the one on the bottom. I found the year I was looking for and pulled out the first file. It had documents in it original documents for the purchase of an apartment building on Park Avenue. I put it back and pulled out the next one. This one was a court document and I saw the name I was hoping for: Morgan Corp.

It listed my fathers company as the Plaintiff and the Respondent was listed as the one and only James Hunter. My father was suing James? I turned the first page and began reading. It looked like my father was suing him for a breach of confidentiality. It also said that James Hunter was filing a countersuit against my father for slander. James was a lawyer during that time. Was he my fathers lawyer before the civil suit? I began to turn to the next page when I heard the sound of footsteps on the smooth wood floor in the hall. Damn it! Id left my bag up front with my coat. I didnt have anywhere to put the papers in the slinky dress I was wearing. I shoved the file back in the drawer and closed it. I would have to figure out another way to get back in here. I stood up just as I heard the doorknob turn and acted like I was looking at the photos on the shelf.

Erin? I turned around. It was Seth poking his head in the door. Thank God he hadnt found me on my knees in front of his fathers private filing cabinet.

Yeah, I said. He pushed the door open further and came inside. 

Hey, what are you doing in here? Ive been looking all over for you.

I just needed some time to myself, I told him.

Are you okay? Im sorry if your feelings were hurt. My father can be a real ass sometimes. 

Your fathers behavior was not what upset me, I told him.

He knew that I was talking about him. I saw a guilty expression cross his face and then he said, Im not sure what you expected me to do. I didnt want to cause a scene in front of the guests.

I looked at him for a long time. Did he really not know that I expected him to stick up for me no matter who was there? We were seeing each other we were sleeping together of course I expected him to stick up for me. I wanted to be more important than his asshole father and stuffy guests. I thought it so strange that he didnt see that, but this was neither the time nor the place for that discussion. I had a headache and no desire to have another run in with the senior Hunter. I was finished for tonight.

Id like to go home, Seth. Im not feeling very well.

Okay, Im sorry. Ill take you. He said that because thats what I expected, but I could see the anxiety in his eyes. Im sure him leaving in the middle of the party would be the source of a fight between him and his father. As angry as I was with him, I didnt want him to have to go through that.

No. You stay here, finish the party. Ill be fine if you can just have your driver take me, please.

Erin

We dont have to talk about this tonight Seth. Please.

He nodded and said, Ill have Trevor bring the car around. Ill talk to you tomorrow? I didnt answer him. In spite of how angry I wanted to be at him, the hurt in his eyes made me feel bad. I tamped it down, like I told Seth not tonight.


***



Seth tucked me into the back of the limousine and I went home. When I got there, Grant was just coming in as well. 

Well, hello gorgeous!

Hi Grant. How was your evening?

He made a boo-boo face at me and said, Mine was good, but you look like you need to talk about yours.

Maybe, I said. Im going to change out of this dress.

You look stunning, he said. You look much too beautiful to come home so sad. Im going to open us up a bottle of wine and you can tell me whose ass I need to kick.

That made me smile. While he went into the kitchen to get the wine, I went in to change out of the dress. I stopped to look in the full-length mirror before I did and I marveled at the fact I could leave the house a few hours earlier in love and feeling like a princess and return confused, hurt and frustrated. I unzipped the dress and stepped out of it. Then I stripped off my tights and shoes and went into the bathroom. I took my hair into both of my hands and twisted it up on top of my head, securing it with an elastic band and then I washed the make-up from my face. I slipped into a pair of flannel pajamas with ducks on them and I went back out to the living room. Grant was sitting on the couch with the bottle of wine and two glasses sitting on the table in front of him. When he looked up and saw me he said, Wow, even without all the fancy schmancy stuff, youre gorgeous.

Shut up, I said. Grant laughed.

Testy, he said as he poured us a glass of wine. Handing me one he said, Tell me.

Nope, Ive been a terrible friend lately. You tell me about your night first.

He grinned a mischievous little grin and said, Okay sure. Juniper and I had sex tonight for the first time

I met James Hunter face to face tonight, I jumped in. He had done that on purpose. He knew I wasnt going to want the details of that. 

He laughed at my quick change and then he said, Did the old thief recognize you? 

No I dont know. He was mean, so maybe. But everyone who knows him says thats just his normal, sunny personality, so maybe not.

What did he say?

He made some rude insinuations that I was sleeping my way to the top. He didnt say that in so many words, but he may as well have. He said it right out in front of people. It was so embarrassing.

Oh no, you poor thing. Did Seth hear him?

This was the part I didnt really want to admit to Grant. I already knew how he was going to respond. I tried to skip over that and I said, I met a man who might be able to help me though

Wait! Back up! You completely ignored my question. Why dont you want to tell me if Seth heard what his father said?

Because its embarrassing, I said. His father so obviously scares him to death hes completely intimidated by him.

So what did he say?

Nothing, really.

Grant slammed his glass down on the table in front of him and stood up. Are you freaking kidding me? That cowardly bastard just stood there and let you be insulted by his father? Please tell me youre joking!

Sit down, Grant please.

He sat down and said, You know I just care about you. I cant stand the thought of anyone being rude to you but for that man you have such strong feelings for to not even stick up for you

I know. I was as angry as you are.

Was? What happened to make you less angry, because I think Ill need a couple more bottles of wine before I can even consider that prospect.

Im still a little angry with him. But think about it, Grant. Think about what it must have been like for him to grow up with that tyrant. He was programmed to do things the way James wanted him to do and only that way or I am sure there would have been consequences. Seth has a good heart. His father has a black heart. They had to clash a lot.

Or maybe they didnt. Maybe Seth just lets his father be the bad guy and he sits back and gets the girls because they feel sorry for him. Maybe hes got a good racket going. Or maybe youre just making excuses for him.

With a sigh I said, Okay, for now well let that part of the evening lie. Let me tell you about the man that I met. I told him about Phillip and our conversation.

Are you sure you can trust him?

No, but hes really the best shot I have so far. He gives me a good feeling and he had some really nice things to say about my family.

Well thats good. I hope he can help. Maybe you wont need to hang around with that Seth guy any longer then.

I laughed, I thought we were going to leave the Seth issue alone for now.

Im just really mad at that guy, he said. 

Well, I am too, a little. But, while I was hiding out in the study I found some papers that I think might be important. I found out that my father was suing James for a breach of confidentiality, and James was suing him back for slander. I need to get more details, but I wont ever get back into that study if I break up with Seth.

You plan on going back to that place?

First chance I get, I told him. He made a face at me and poured himself another glass of wine.


~

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

~



SETH


The night after the ball ended, I didnt sleep a wink. It was after midnight before the guests began leaving and I was exhausted. I told my father he could go on back to the city and I would just stay at the Hampton house for the night. It was my favorite house of them all, because it had been my mothers favorite. I rarely stayed there any more however because my father was there a lot and I avoided him as often as I could for obvious reasons. After everyone had finally gone I lay down and tried to close my eyes. When I did, all I could see was Erins face. It was a beautiful face and I loved looking at it, but tonight she had looked so hurt and so betrayed. I had completely failed her. I stood there like a coward and let my father say ugly things to her and about her and I did nothing. She had every right to be angry with me. She had every right to never want to see me again. She had seen my true colors. Shed seen how spineless I was when it came to my father. 

I had been terrified of him my entire life. When my mother was alive, she was a buffer between us. She was our go-between and I rarely had to deal with him. The problem with that was once shed passed away I had no idea how to talk to him or how to stand up to him. He doled out the orders and I did what he said to do. I wasnt physically afraid of him hed never hurt me in that way. I wasnt even afraid when he made threats to take away my inheritance. I had a good education. I knew how competent I was, I could make a good living with or without him. I wasnt going to pretend I didnt like the wealth and all that came with it but I didnt depend on it. In spite of all of that, and in spite of the fact that he never told me Id done anything good or right, I still had this twisted sense of wanting to please him. Maybe I needed therapy. 

I tossed and turned until the sun came up and finally admitting that sleep had eluded me, I got up and dressed for a jog. It was a cool morning and I took off down the path behind the house that led towards the bay. The garden my mother had planted and tended so lovingly was in bloom and the air was perfumed with fresh aromas. I hit the stone path and my feet began to pound out a rhythm. With each stride my thoughts became clearer and I realized that this was exactly what I needed. I also realized that I needed to stop letting my father set up camp in my head. I was twenty-six years old. I couldnt remain under his thumb forever. I thought about Erin. I wanted her in my life, not just today or tomorrow I realized that I wanted her in my life forever. She was the path to my future but she was also a strong, confident, independent woman and if I didnt take control of my own life out of my fathers hands, I was going to lose her. I looked around at the acres of land and the houses and the cars and the boats as I ran and I realized that I would rather lose all of this and my position at Hunter Corp. than her. Now all I had to do was convince her of that. 

By the time I got back up to the house I was determined to do whatever I had to in order to convince Erin she was more important to me than anything else. I showered and dressed and headed to her apartment unannounced. That in and of itself might annoy her, but I was afraid if I called ahead, she would tell me not to come.

It was just after nine when I knocked on her door. I knocked a few times before the door was finally pulled open by a man wearing nothing but a long pair of basketball shorts. His face was unshaven and his hair uncombed and the first thought I had when I saw him was that I was already too late, she was already moving on.

Can I help you? 

He was squinting at me, like it hurt to open his eyes. My best guess was he had a hangover. I hope she didnt leave the party and go to a bar and end up with this loser because of me. Im looking for Erin.

He ran his hand through his hair and squinted at me again. Then he scratched his chin and said, Seth, I presume? 

The fact that he knew my name was encouraging. I didnt think shed be discussing me with a man shed only just met. 

Yes. Is Erin here?

No. But shell be right back. Come on in. Im Grant.

Oh! The roommate.

He smiled, Yeah, the roommate. Have a seat, he said, after I followed him into a neat little living room. I sat down on the sofa and he said, You want some coffee?

Um I really need to talk to Erin

Yes you do, he said. I suddenly realized by the way he was looking at me that she must have told him what happened at the party. 

Sure, Ill take some coffee, I said. Black, please.

He disappeared into the kitchen. While he was gone I looked around the little room. The photos on the walls were all of Erin and Grant. They were in various places and they were dressed in everything from formal attire to beachwear. This Grant was a good-looking guy. I suddenly wondered why they werent more than just roommates.

Here you go. He came back into the room and handed me a steaming mug. 

Thank you, I said. He sat his cup down on the table.

Sure, Ill be right back. He was only gone about a minute. He came back with a t-shirt on and it looked like he might have splashed some water on his face. 

So where is Erin? I asked him.

She went for a run in the park. Shes usually gone an hour or two. I think she left around eight.

Oh, I could come back, I said.

Listen. Grant sat his coffee down again. You might sit there when I tell you this and think who the hell is this guy and why does he think this is his business? I dont doubt that this is going to piss you off, but just so were clear; I dont care. First, Im going to tell you who I am. Im her best friend. I love her more than anyone else in my life. I want only the best for her, and I will do anything to help her accomplish her goals. With that being said, Erin cares a great deal for you. She spent an entire week getting ready for that party last night. I dont know what your fathers problem is and I dont care but dude, it is not cool for you to stand there and let her be insulted by anyone. I dont care if its the Queen of freaking England. She deserves so much more respect than that.

He was right. It did piss me off. I was bothered by two things: One was that Erin discussed me with this guy and two that he was a hundred percent right. She deserved better. Its what I had come here to talk to her about, but hearing this guy say it re-iterated what a cowardly ass I had been. I know she does, I said at last. Thats why Im here. I hope that shell forgive me.

I cant speak for her, but I dont doubt that she will. Just remember though, shes an independent, smart, strong, beautiful woman. The only reason she is with you is because she chooses to be. She doesnt need or want your money or your family name. If you dont treat her right, she will eventually stop forgiving you and you will lose the absolute most amazing gift that you ever had in your life.

I started to say something else, but the front door of the apartment opened. We both turned and watched Erin come in. She had her pretty hair tied back low on her neck and she was wearing a tank top and shorts. Her long, smooth legs and chest were glistening with the sweat from her morning run. She looked surprised to see me and then I saw her exchange a look with Grant. He looked amused and she looked annoyed. 

Hi Seth. Whats going on?

Hi

Seth and I were just having coffee getting to know each other. If you two are finished with me though, I think Ill hop in the shower. Erin cocked an eyebrow at him and he grinned at her again. He jumped up and held his hand out towards me. I shook it and before he dropped my hand he looked me in the eye with no smirk or traces of amusement and said, I hope you wont forget what we talked about.

I just gave him a nod. Erin watched him leave and she came over and took the seat opposite me where he had been sitting. What was that about? she asked. Was Grant playing nice?

He was doing what I should have done last night standing up for you. I saw a subtle shift in her eyes. Im not sure what it meant exactly, but I went on, My father is not a nice person obviously. Hes normally not quite so blatant with his insults with someone he doesnt know, so that confused me but his rudeness didnt surprise me. I have a very complicated relationship with him. No one intimidates me except him. I can run a multi-national company and talk to anyone in any position anywhere in the world without a quiver of anxiety but that man walks in a room and Im instantly a sniveling twelve year old boy all over again.

Erin was just looking at me, listening quietly. Her face was impassive. I had no idea if she was going to be willing to forgive me, or if she was going to kick me out. Either way, I went on. 

All of that is not meant to be an excuse for my own behavior. Its just my way of hopefully giving you enough of the facts so that you might understand. When he insulted you last night I should have done something. I should have said something. I wanted to. I was furious at him. But the coward in me let you handle it yourself. I told myself you were doing a great job and didnt need me. You were doing a great job. You always handle yourself with class and its obvious that no one walks all over you. But that in no way excuses me for not stepping in and saying something myself. Im sorry Erin. Im so sorry. I dont know if you can find it in your heart to forgive me, but if you can, I promise you that it will never happen again.

So, your father treats everyone that way, it wasnt just me? 

He treats almost everyone poorly. My mother buffered him a lot when she was here. Once she passed away, his horrible, awful, rude side seemed to completely take over. I cant apologize enough for him, but I know that doesnt mean anything. But, if you give me a chance I will show you how much respect I have for you and that I am nothing like my father.

Erin was quiet. She seemed to be thinking it all over. I was a nervous wreck. I guess it was how I knew that she was truly special. No woman had ever made me worry over whether she wanted to be with me or not. In the past, my arrogance had convinced me that if she didnt, it was her loss.

After what seemed to me like an eternity she said, I have a lot of respect for myself and for the things Ive accomplished in my life at such a young age. I wont let anyone take that away from me. You seem to have a lot of respect for yourself as well. The way you carry yourself and the way you conduct business its all part of what attracted me to you. I was more shocked than anything last night, because I didnt even recognize the man you were in front of him. I can forgive you for that because I wasnt there when you were growing up and I dont know what experiences youve had with him. But Seth, if it happens again if you let anyone disparage me or you that way again without standing up to them, Im afraid I wont be able to continue forgiving you.

I felt a wave of relief the size of a tsunami wash over me. Thats all I needed, another chance. I wasnt going to screw up again at least I wont make the same mistake. 

Thank you, I said.

She smiled and then said, Now, tell me what my hung over miscreant of a roommate said. I might have some apologizing to do myself.

I laughed, and then suddenly not knowing what came over me I blurted out, I love you.

She looked shocked and I was afraid I had screwed up again, already. Then she got up and moved over next to me on the couch and she said, I love you too. As we kissed, I knew in my heart that life was never going to be the same. I wouldnt find out for a few weeks just how different it would be. 



~

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

~



ERIN


Seth and I spent a lot of time together at my apartment after the day he came to see me to apologize. I had sadly put away the photographs of my parents and the mementos from my fathers business, promising them that soon it would all be out in the open and I could once again be the woman they intended me to be: Adele Morgan, CEO of Morgan Corp. I think in spite of the fact that Seth was James Hunters son they would have really liked him. I know that they would be happy for me. I was happier than I had been in years. The only nagging little issue that still pulled at the back of my mind was how Seth would react when he found out the truth. It was inevitable if I planned to have a life with him and I did.

Hey gorgeous. I was working on a proposal on my computer when Seth stuck his head in the door. It had been three weeks since James Hunters ball and our relationship was stronger than ever. 

Hi boss! Hows the day going?

He came in and closed the door. I could see by the look on his face that he had something he wanted to discuss with me. I knew before he opened his mouth that it had something to do with James. My father just called, he said.

Oh, Id been doing my best every time he mentioned James to subtly remind him that he was everything his father wasnt. I was hoping it would give him the confidence he needed to stand up to him when he needed to.

He smiled and mimicking me he said, Oh. 

I laughed, I was just waiting for the details, I said.

Which are usually not good, he grinned. This case is as iffy as most he wants us to come to dinner tomorrow night at the estate.

Us?

Yes, us. He specifically asked me to bring you.

Wow. So is this good or bad news?

Im hoping that this is him trying to be a decent human being. Maybe hes finally feeling bad about his behavior. Maybe he wants to apologize to you.

I laughed again. Sorry, Im sorry. I just have a hard time imagining that. But anything is possible. He had looked so hopeful for a few seconds and I realized Id taken that from him. Im really sorry, babe. Youre probably right.

He reached over and took my hand and squeezed it. You have every right to be skeptical. If you dont want to go, I completely understand.

No! I wanted to go. I wanted to go for Seths sake and I also wanted another crack at the papers in that study. I do want to go. Everyone deserves a second chance, right? I wouldnt be a very nice person myself if I didnt give him at least that.

He squeezed my hand again and smiled. Thank you, he said. This is his last chance. Ive already asked him to be polite to you. I will do more than ask if hes rude to you again.

I know you will, I told him with a smile. He had come a long way where James was concerned. Harlan even told me that as CEO hed over-ridden a couple of Jamess ideas lately. That was huge for Seth. 


***



The following day I did some more shopping and finally settled on a beige dress that ended just above my knees. The neckline was rounded and appropriate for a family dinner yet it was elegant and made me feel pretty. Seth solidified that thought with a low whistle when I opened the door. Wow. Lets skip dinner and stay here. You look wow, I dont even have words.

I laughed, Thank you. Sometimes no words are better than words could ever be. You look pretty wordless yourself. He was wearing a black suit with a red paisley tie. He was beautiful, as usual. 

Are you ready? Or did you like my idea about just staying here?

I picked up my jacket and my purse and said, I loved your idea, but it would be rude of us to cancel so late.

With a chuckle he said, By all means then, lets go. We wouldnt want to be rude to someone who is always so sensitive to our feelings. I let that one fall in the air as we headed down to the limousine. 

Once again as we pulled up to the front of the estate I was both enthralled and sickened by it. I was also anxious. No matter how hard I tried, the idea of being in the same room with James made me a nervous wreck. We were shown into the big, formal dining room by the housekeeper. The table was huge with seating for at least twenty. Seth pulled out a chair for me at one end and took the seat on the other side of the table. That meant the spot between us at the head of the table was left open for his majesty the thief. I wasnt looking forward to being in such close quarters with him. I took a deep breath and smiled at Seth. I guess at least I knew I had company in my misery. When James walked into the room I saw Seths posture stiffen and then he took a deep breath of his own before standing.

Hello, father. 

Seth. They shook hands. It was an oddly formal greeting I thought for a father and son who saw each other so often.

You remember Erin? Seth asked.

James looked at me. I wasnt sure if I was supposed to stand in his highnesss presence or not, so I stayed seated. Mr. Hunter. Thank you for having me.

He fixed his stare on me for what seemed like an inordinate amount of time before saying, Miss Summers. Then Seth waited for his father to take his seat before sitting down. I found myself hoping that we werent just going to have a repeat performance of the other night. 

James tapped his spoon on the side of his glass and a young woman appeared in the same uniform the housekeeper had worn. She brought a bottle of wine and showed it to James before he gave her the go-ahead to pour. Then he said, Were ready to begin. The young woman curtsied and left the room. I had been around wealthy people my entire life, but Id never seen anything like this. This guy was a piece of work. So Seth, tell me again how you found Miss Summers, is it? He knew it was, hed just said it three minutes earlier.

I saw Seths Adams apple flex as he swallowed hard before saying, She applied for the CMBO position. Harlan and I interviewed her.

No, James stopped him. I suppose I should ask her this, I wanted to know how she knew about the position being open.

I heard through a headhunter that I was familiar with, I told him.

He raised an eyebrow and said, Really? You hadnt been watching the website, waiting for an opening to come up?

Father, what are you getting at? Seth asked.

Nothing at all, son. Im getting to know your lady friend. Isnt that what you wanted? Jamess words were innocent enough but something about his facial expression told me that his intentions were not. 

Seth didnt say anything, but as he took a sip of his wine he looked at me over the top of his glass. I could see in his eyes that he thought the same. Luckily, the staff brought in our soup and we ate quietly for a bit with nothing but the sounds of the spoons echoing off of the high ceilings and painted stone walls. When James finished his, he tapped his glass again and the young woman came running. I was appalled by the rude way he treated his staff. He never looked directly at them when he issued orders and never once said thank you. After she left with our soup bowls he said, Tell me Erin where did you grow up.

Mostly upstate, sir. I spent my teenage years in the Bronx. It was the truth and not a truth I really wanted to discuss with James but it was what I told Seth. I hadnt wanted to tell too many lies. 

He raised a gray eyebrow and said, The Bronx? Thats a rough neighborhood. I suppose thats the roughness I sense around your edges.

Father!

What? James said, giving Seth a similar look to the one he used on his staff. Im making conversation.

Its fine, I said. I am a little rough around the edges. Some of the things life threw at me were tough. I had to be tougher to overcome them.

So where are your parents?

Theyre dead sir.

Too bad. Where did you go to school?

The staff came in then with the entre. When they were gone I said, I went to MIT.

Erin graduated in the top four of her class, Seth said.

Impressive, he said. I suppose its good that you were at least qualified for the job. Im sure my son handed it to you because of your other considerable assets.

Father! Stop it! Erin is completely qualified for the job she does and that is why I hired her.

And how long from hiring did she get you into her bed? Seth stood up. I suddenly didnt want him to fight with his father over me. It wasnt worth it. I could see the vein pulsing in his neck as his father looked over at him and said, Oh please Seth, sit down. Are you going to pretend that shes not spreading her legs for you?

Thats enough! Seth said through clenched teeth.

I stood up then too and said, Its okay, Seth really.

No it isnt. Apologize to her!

James looked amused as he stood up to meet his sons gaze. I didnt say anything I need to apologize for. You are sleeping with her, are you not?

Thats not your business. Youre being so hateful and rude for no reason!

You think its for no reason? I think its because Im looking out for my family. He turned towards me and said, My Company and my legacy, as if taunting me. I had planned on looking for the papers after we had dessert, excusing myself and using the restroom now I just wanted out. 

Maybe we should go, Seth, I said. 

James smiled at me. It was a creepy, plastic smile. He looked at his son and said, Shes using you and youre a fool if you think otherwise.

Thats it. Yes Erin, lets go. My father has lost his mind.

Seth came around and took my arm and we were almost out the door before James said, You may as well tell him, Adele, or I will. At the sound of my real name, my stomach twisted into a knot. The jig was up.

Seth stopped and looked down at me. I could feel the tears trying to force their way into my eyes. I was pushing them back when he looked back at his father and said, Adele? You really have lost your mind. Her name is Erin.

Her name is Adele Morgan. She is the daughter of the man who formerly owned the company you now sit as CEO of. She is using you, Seth. She thinks that she was wronged and she is trying to ruin your family. Youre playing into her hands for the occasional piece of

Stop it! Stop it! Seths muscles tensed up and he was screaming at his father now. His face was red and his fists were clutched at his sides. One more word from James was likely to net him a sock in the face by his own son. I had to do something. 

Seth

Hes not going to get away with it this time, Erin. Hes not only being rude, hes straight up telling lies about you.

I took a step away, unsure of how he would react as I said, Hes not lying. Adele Morgan is my real name. But Im not using you. I took this job to get into the company that should have been mine. I was looking for something to prove your father stole it from me; which he did. I didnt mean to fall in love with you, but I did.

Seth was looking at me like I was a stranger. In all honesty, I guess thats what I was. Hed been sleeping with a woman whose real name he hadnt even known. He had to feel so betrayed. All of this time, youve been lying to me?

Finally! Jesus sometimes I cant believe youre my son. Youre such a fool. 

Seth turned on his father then and in a voice barely above a whisper, but one that sounded dangerous nonetheless, he said, Get out! For your own safety, you need to go now!

James smiled again. Ill go son, he said. But when she tries unbuttoning her top to get your attention just avert your eyes and remember that cheap whores are a dime a dozen.

Get out! That time he screamed at him. James smirked in my direction and then he left. Seth took a deep breath and turned back towards me. The tears were spilling now and I wiped one off my cheek.

I can explain, Seth. He stole everything from me. I didnt mean to fall for you but I did. I love you Seth. I am not using you. His chest was heaving up and down. I could tell that he was trying to get control of himself. It was a little bit frightening. 

Go home, ErAdele. Ill have the limo drop you off. Dont contact me. Ill have your things packed up out of your office and sent to you. Youre fired and youre dead to me. Get out.

Seth

Get out! He screamed at me the way he had his father. I picked up my coat and my bag and I left. By the time I got outside, the limousine driver was waiting for me. I felt like my heart was breaking. I couldnt get the picture of his face out of my mind. He was so hurt and he felt so betrayed. The worst part was, he had every right to.


~

CHAPTER NINETEEN

~



SETH


As soon as Erin was gone my father came back into the room. If youre here to gloat, I suggest you stay away because Im not in the mood, I told him.

He surprised me by putting his hand on my back. Other than a handshake, I cant remember the last time he touched me with any kind of affection. Im sorry, son.

I turned and looked at him. I was searching his eyes, hoping to see some kind of real remorse there. At that moment, when my heart lay shattered in a thousand pieces, a tiny little bit was all I needed. I didnt see anything real there. I could tell that he was trying to look like he gave a damn, but he wasnt pulling it off. Why did you invite her here? Why not just tell me in private?

Would you have believed me? he asked.

The answer was probably not, but whose fault was that? A real father and son would be close enough to trust each other and believe the other one only has their best interest at heart. But we dont have that kind of relationship, we never have. Probably not. What is it that she thinks you stole from her, father?

The company that we own.

Did you?

He tried to look hurt, but again, I could tell it was feigned. Of course not. I bought that company and I made it what it is today. It was a fledgling company on the verge of bankruptcy when I got ahold of it. Now its a thriving multi-national corporation because of me.

Why does she think you stole it from her?

I cant explain her delusional thoughts. I do expect you to have better backgrounds done on our new employees from now on. I want whoever ran hers fired.

If I had run a background on her and discovered that she was the daughter of the former owner of the company I would have never hired her and I would have never fallen

My father laughed, Fallen in love? You think youre in love with that Irish bog-trotter?

I had never wanted to put my fist through the wall as badly as I did at that moment. I didnt think I was in love with her, I knew that I was. I loved her like Id never loved anyone or anything in my life. It was the only love that ever rivaled the way I felt about my mother. I turned to my father then. 

If I find out that what she thinks you did is true

He smirked at me. Youll do what? he asked. 

You do not want to find out, I told him. I left the house then and there was a good chance that I wouldnt be back. I was going to find out the truth and if my father had hurt her, God help him.


***



ADELE


Grant was knocking on my bedroom door again. Argh! Im fine, Grant. Its Saturday. I can sleep in on Saturday. Leave me alone! I wasnt under any delusions that he was going to listen to me. I knew that Grant did what Grant wanted to do. Sometimes I loved him in spite of it and sometimes I wanted to choke him because of it. Right now was one of the latter. He pushed open the door that I knew I should have locked.

I made pancakes.

Im not hungry.

You have to eat.

I eat. Im just not hungry right now.

When was the last time you ate?

Yesterday.

What did you eat?

Geez, Grant! What are you, the food police? He came over with the TV tray and sat it next to the bed. Then he sat down next to me. I rolled over so I wasnt facing him. He got up and came around the foot of the bed and sat down on that side. God, youre annoying!

I know. You have to eat. You need to get out of this bed

Why? Huh Grant? What do I really have to get out of this bed for? I dont have a job. I dont have parents. I dont have a boyfriend.

You need to do it for you. This is not you and you know it. Youll feel better if you get up and get your life back. You dont need that job. You know that you can walk into any corporation in this city and get a job and be the most highly qualified person there. Or if you dont want a job, take some of that money youve made over the past three years and never spent and go on a vacation, take a cruise do something! You havent left the house in a week, every day that you let go by like this will make getting back out there that much harder.

I should have listened to you in the first place. You called it. You said I was going to get hurt that I couldnt have it both ways

I say a lot of things. I like to hear myself talk. Baby girl, you have a beautiful heart and that heart fell in love and no matter what a big bag of wind like me says, you cant stop that from happening when its right. So if for no other reason, get out of this bed, get dressed and go fight for that man you love so much.

I dont know how. How do I do that? Hell never trust me again.

Never say never baby. Hes had a week to think about things. Hes had a week to figure out why you did what you did. Now go find him and tell him that you still love him. Tell him hes more important than a company.

Thats true. Id be willing to walk away from it for him.

I know. I can see how much you love him. Hes the one you need to convince. You cant do it looking like this though. Damn! You should see that hair. You look like a cavewoman. And that breath! You ever heard of mouthwash?

I laughed, which is exactly what Grant was going for. Ill shower and brush my teeth, I told him. Then well see.

Good. One step at a time. Personally, I will appreciate the shower 

Shut up! I said, socking him in the arm. I hadnt left the house for a week, or paid attention to what I looked like, but I showered and brushed my teeth every day and he knew it. He was trying to make me feel better and as usual, he had. 

He stood up and headed for the door. When he got there he looked over his shoulder and said, Eat the pancakes too.

Youre not my mom, I told him with a smile.

If I were, youd be a lot better behaved, he said. Now get in there and shower and then come back and eat!

Okay, Mom. Still smiling I got up and headed into the bathroom for my shower. When I got there, the mirror confirmed what hed said: my hair made me look like a cavewoman. 

I spent a long time in the shower. As the hot water cascaded across my shoulders and down my back and I breathed in the warm steam, I tried to reach a new perspective on things. Maybe if I told Seth that I loved him enough to give up my quest, he would believe that I hadnt just been using him. Was that me being weak? Was that compromising my values and giving up what I believed in? Maybe, but if I was forced to choose, I decided that love was the way to go. 

I had just finished dressing in jeans and a t-shirt and was pulling my hair back into a ponytail at the nape of my neck when there was another knock on my bedroom door. I sighed heavily. I loved Grant, but he could be the biggest pain in my neck sometimes. I showered and brushed my teeth! I dont want the pancakes! I was still in the steamy bathroom when I heard the door open. The reply made me drop the brush I was holding in my hand to the floor.

Okay, no pancakes. How about a latte? It wasnt the words that surprised me. It was the voice. It wasnt Grant. It was Seth.

I tentatively stuck my head out the door. He was standing there holding two paper cups looking as fresh and gorgeous as ever. Id love a latte, thank you, I said. I worried for a second that I was having a hallucination. He held the cup out to me and I stepped over and took it out of his hand. As I did, our fingers brushed. Id never been so tempted to throw myself into someones arms in my life. I suddenly realized what a mess my room was. I hadnt had the energy to do much of anything the past week. Cleaning my room was low on the agenda. Excuse the mess.

Seth glanced around the room. Great! Ive called it to his attention. I dont mind, he said. Can we sit down for a minute?

Of course, I said. I went over and swiped things off the bed and then with what Im sure was a goofy smile I said, Have a seat. The corner of his mouth quirked up, it was definitely a hopeful sign. He took a seat on one end of the bed and I sat down with my back against the headboard and pulled my legs up tight against me. I silently sipped my coffee and waited for him to talk. In the meantime, he was killing me with those sad blue eyes.

I need to know your story the whole story and the honest to God truth.

I had held it all inside for so long. Grant was the only one who knew the full story and I didnt even discuss it that often with him. I had to learn to live with my new name and my new story. That would have been too hard if I hadnt remained Erin Summers twenty-four seven. The problem had always been that Adele Morgan was always still there sometimes deep down and sometimes right on the surface, begging to get out. I unlocked her cell now and told her that she was free to state her case. I nodded at him.

I was born Adele Louise Morgan. My parents were Sean and Maddie Morgan. My father was brilliant. He was one of those people who were just born with a knack for numbers. Before he finished college he had already started a little business drawing up investment portfolios for people he knew. He and my mother had just gotten married as well. He was working full-time for an accountant in Mid-Town but on the side he started a tiny little business of his own. He had this inherent business sense and he started out telling his friends and family where they should invest their savings. By word of mouth people from all over the Bronx began coming to him, talking to him about what they should do with their money. My mom told me once that he started out only charging them two percent of their profit. He took that two percent and invested it for himself and my mother. Then he eventually used that money to buy his own firm. When he bought Morgan Corp. there were only five full-time employees. The original owner had retired and moved to Florida. My father kept all the original employees. He didnt want anyone to lose their jobs. I stopped for a second and took a sip of my coffee. Seth was listening intently and when I realized he didnt have anything to say yet, I went on. 

By the time I was born, the business was already doing pretty well. My father told me he had a hundred employees that year. He had moved to a bigger office the one that your company is still in today. He was so proud of that company, but he was also proud of me and my mom. We spent a lot of time together as a family. I was given what I needed and I was taught to work for what I wanted. They never just handed me anything, but if I did my chores or got good grades I got pretty much whatever I wanted. I had a great childhood. My mother went back to school when I was five and she became a nurse. Our house was busy, but it was so full of love. I never went a day without knowing how much they loved me and how hard they worked for my future

It must have been so hard on you when they died. Seth looked so sad. It was my life we were talking about and I wanted to give him a hug and tell him it was okay. I nodded again and went on. 

I had just turned thirteen a few weeks before I found out they were never coming home. They had been involved in a big pile-up on the Pennsylvania Turnpike. Theyd gone there to see about expanding the business and died on their way home. The first few weeks were so dark and confusing and then there was a question about where I would go and who I would live with. Once it was finally settled that I could stay with Louisa, the lady who took care of the house for us, that was when the lawyers called and told us we had to vacate the house.

Why did you have to leave your home?

We were told at the time that the estate had to be sold in order to pay back a lot of people whose money my father had taken to invest. I was told that he hadnt invested it properly and they were entitled to a full refund. There was a lawyer who claimed that these people had come to him to file a suit prior to my fathers death. He was filing it at that time against the estate. They froze everything while it was going through court. I realize now that it went through really quickly too quickly. Within weeks they had taken everything and I was left penniless.

That lawyer, the one who sued your fathers estate that was my dad?

Yes. Suddenly he owned the company and Ive never really been able to find out exactly how that came about. I promised myself that I would though. I worked and studied and did little else until I had my MBA. I excelled at all things business, just like my dad. My plan was to get a job with Hunter Corp., prove that James Hunter had committed some kind of fraud in order to take the business and cause me to be left with nothing. I was angry. For over ten years it sat inside of me and smoldered. Every time I picked up a paper or a magazine and they talked about your father or showed a picture of him, the rage would flare up.

So you got the job with our company with the intention of bringing it and my father to its knees?

Something like that. I never intended to do anything that would hurt the company. I wanted it back, more than Ive ever wanted anything. It was my legacy. My father intended for it to be mine. I took the job thinking that once I was inside I could find something that would help me in that cause. I didnt bank on falling in love with James Hunters son.

Seth was staring at me, looking into my eyes and I was dying to know what he was thinking. I was going to let him speak when he was ready without pushing it though. I could tell that he was processing all of what I told him. After a few beats I said, When I started dating you, I was using you. About that, your father was right. But it only took me a few weeks to realize that I was falling hard for you. After that, getting back the company became a secondary goal. Being with you was the primary one. I do love you Seth. I love you so much. Im not faking that part, I swear.

He nodded. His blue eyes were watery as he said, I hired a private investigator. 


~

CHAPTER TWENTY

~





You hired a private investigator to check me out?

Yes. The other night after you left I questioned my father. I knew then that I wasnt going to get a straight story. I wanted to believe you, but I had to hear it myself from a neutral party.

What did he tell you?

Almost exactly what you did right now.

Almost exactly? What was different?

You told me the story of your life and you didnt once mention the struggles that you and the lady who raised you had financially. You didnt tell me about the room you had to rent in an elderly couples house while you were in college because it was all that you could afford. You didnt tell me that you worked two jobs on campus to help pay your tuition or that on the weekends you volunteered in a shelter for kids who had lost their parents. All hiring the investigator did for me was to reaffirm that I was in love with an exceptional woman.

I was stunned. Im not sure what I expected, but it wasnt that. I sat there with my mouth open I think for a solid minute before I finally said, So are you saying

He smiled then. That warm, genuine, sexy smile that made my heart speed up to about a thousand beats a second. Im saying that I love you, Erin No, Adele. I love you Adele Louise Morgan. I wish that I had your strength and your courage. I was given a job it was handed to me, just like everything else in my life was handed to me, and that job wasnt even his to give away. While I was living the good life you were working and struggling towards yours.

Thats not a hundred percent true. Youre excellent at your job. Your numbers are amazing. Your employees love you. You may have been given the job, but what you did with it from then on is all about your strengths and your determination, and most of all, your heart.

Thank you for saying that, he said. I love you. Im so sorry for what my father did to you.

None of that was your fault.

I know. But I knew that his business practices were less than ethical. I should have questioned him more or done some research of my own before now to find out how he had achieved his success. At first, I just didnt care. I was reaping the rewards and as long as he left me alone, I thought I was enjoying life on his dime. I fell in love with the lifestyle and I let myself believe like he did, that I somehow deserved it. I like to believe that had I truly known how it came to be that a young girls life had been permanently altered because of it and not for the better that I would have objected. I cant honestly say what I would have done then. I know that no business and no amount of money is worth that. After I took over as CEO and I started finding things out here and there that hed done that were questionable in terms of ethics and morality I was just too afraid of him to stand up. I thought if I just did things right from there on out, I could make it right. 

You cant be held responsible for the sins of your father. That was a lesson I had to learn myself. Once I learned it I fell deeply in love with you.

I missed you. Can we go back and start over?

Can you forgive me for my lies?

I completely understand them and the only problem Im going to have with any of it is remembering your name, he said with a laugh. Can you forgive me?

Theres nothing to forgive. You were a victim of your father and me both.

Seth grinned and said, The difference is I like being your victim. Then turning serious he said, I want to help you.

I felt the first real hope Id had in a while slip back into my soul. You want to help me take back my company?

He smiled again and nodded. Yes, I want to help you get back what is yours. Ill do whatever it takes, including standing up to my father. I want to make up for what he did to you, as much as I can. 

What about your own job?

I dont care about the job or the business or the money. I love you. I want to be with you and I want you to be happy and have everything you ever wanted everything that you deserve. I admire you so much for going through all that you have and still holding onto your spirit and your good heart. You make me want to be a better man. 

It was strange. You hear people say they felt like a weight was lifted off of them I never thought of it in literal terms before that moment. I hadnt realized just how heavy my burden had been until right that second. With another person to help me carry it, it suddenly didnt seem like such a daunting task.

Are you sure? I asked Seth. I knew what he was offering to do would upset life as he knew it from then on out.

Absolutely, he said. Tell me what I need to do. 

I will, I told him. Thank you. First, there is something else I would like to do, if youre up for it. He looked confused for a second, until I smiled and then he suddenly knew exactly what I was talking about. He slid over towards me and positioned himself up against the head board next to me with our arms and knees touching. 

Hows this? he asked with a grin.

Its a good start

He smiled broader and slipped his arm around me. I realized then that I had even missed his scent. He always had a fresh, crisp smell like an ocean breeze. I put my arm across his chest and relaxed into him. God, he felt so good. We just sat there like that for a long moment, enjoying the togetherness, comfortable in the silence. 

I realized after another minute or two that he was waiting for me to set the pace and tone of our reunion. I lifted my head and straightened out so I could look at his face. Seth smiled and with his free hand he ran the back of his fingers down the side of my cheek. Then he drew his thumb across my bottom lip causing me to shiver almost violently. 

Youre so beautiful, he said. Ive thought so since the first second you walked into my office that first day.

Youre beautiful, I told him with a grin. Ive thought so since the second you spun your chair around that day. I almost fell into the floor when you looked at me with those sexy ice blue eyes. I never meant to hurt you in any way. I realized very quickly that I wanted to do the exact opposite. I love the sound of your laugh and your gorgeous smile always looks so much better knowing that I put it there.

Youve put it there nearly every day since I met you. This past week, not knowing what would happen between us was killing me. 

"Me too. And Grant, I said with a giggle. 

He flexed an eyebrow and said, Grant was that worried about us?

Well, me mostly. Ive barely gotten out of bed in a week. I didnt feel like anything really mattered anymore. 

I know. I was feeling the same way.

"Im sorry I hurt you, I told him, one more time.

Dont be, Seth said. It all brought us together in the end, and thats all that matters to me. 

I put my hands on each side of his face then and kissed his lips. I couldnt stop; I was so hungry for him. I kissed and sucked on his plump bottom lip and he let me lick across them both before his own hunger took over and he pulled me into him tighter and covered my mouth with his. My lips parted and he kissed me passionately. At that moment in time not only did nothing else matter, it hardly existed. Seth left a trail of sweet kisses down the side of my face and neck. I shuddered again, pulling him even closer into me so that not even light could come between us. After he covered my neck with kisses, Seth slid my shirt off one shoulder and began to cover my collarbone in kisses, occasionally nipping lightly at my shoulder. 

Youre perfect, he whispered. I was the one groaning and he was telling me that I was perfect. I took his face in my hands again and pulled him back up so I could kiss him again. I kissed him even harder that time and when we came up for air he said in a ragged, uneven breath, Should I lock the door?

Please, I told him. He went over and turned the lock. When Seth came back he sat down next to me again and began running his fingers lightly over my face. He was tracing my features with his fingertips like he was trying to memorize them. It was one of the most non-sexual erotic feelings I had ever experienced. 

I put my lips on his face and kissed along his strong jawline and across his nose and eyes and forehead. I was memorizing him now with my lips. His hand was resting on my hip and when my lips made it back down towards his he captured them and we kissed again. When he broke the kiss that time a stray tear had escaped from my eye and rolled down my cheek. He brushed it away with his finger and said, Baby whats wrong?

I smiled through the tears that had filled my eyes and said, Nothing. Nothing at all is wrong.

Then why are you crying?

Because Im so happy. My soul finally feels unburdened and now no matter what happens where the company is concerned, I know that Im moving forward. I love you so much.

Seth brushed away another tear and then after another hot kiss he said, I want to spend the rest of my life loving you. 

I loved the sound of that and it would be what I aimed for from this day forward. He spent the rest of that day loving me. We only came up for air long enough to order food. Grant grudgingly left it outside my door. I know that in the long run he will be happy for me, but the truth was that I was so happy for myself, it didnt really even matter. 


~

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

~



ADELE 


That evening when we were both satiated and too worn out to do anything but stay contented in each others arms Seth said, You never told me what it is I can do to help. Where do I start?

The night of your fathers party when you found me in the study, I had been looking in his filing cabinet. I had forgotten to tell him that, and for a second I was afraid it would make him angry with me all over again. 

Instead, he said, I wish you would have told me then. Maybe I could have helped you.

I propped myself up on my elbow so that I could see his face. I dont think either of us was ready for that yet.

Probably, he said. Did you find anything?

I think maybe I did. I put it back when you came in and I didnt get a chance to finish reading it. It was a legal document. Your father and my father were in some kind of legal dispute already before my father died. He was suing your father for a breach of confidentiality.

Wow, that would probably be a document we need to see, he said. Where was it, exactly?

In the bottom drawer in the file marked Summer 1994.

Okay. I can get us a copy of that. What else?

Really? Youll make a copy of it?

He grinned and said, Do you not believe that Im going to help you?

I believe you, I said, kissing him softly. Its just so nice to finally have help. It will take a little bit of getting used to.

Well get used to it because Im not going anywhere.

I thanked him again and said, You know Phillip Granger?

Of course. Hes one of the shareholders of Hunter Corp. 

He was at the ball that night too. He recognized me.

You? The real you? Adele Morgan?

Yeah. He apparently knew me when I was a little girl and he knew my parents well. I smiled as I remembered what hed said, He said I look just like my mother.

She must have been a knock-out, Seth said with a smile.

She was, I told him with a wink. But anyways, he hounded me until I admitted it was me. He offered to help too.

Seth chuckled and said, Phillip cant stand my father.

I picked up on that, I said.

His vibe?

No, the fact that he said, I cant stand James Hunter. Seth laughed but his eyes looked sad. I suddenly reminded myself this man we were talking about was still his father. Im sorry. It must be hard to hear these things about your dad.

He shrugged and said, It is, but he just brings it all on himself. Hes so callous about people and life. He will die with billions in the bank and no one by his side. Thats sad, but its a fact of a life that he created. 

I laid my head back against his chest and closed my eyes. This amazing man had been dealt a crappy hand when it came to his father. I intended to do all I could to help him overcome that when all of this was over and done with. 


***



SETH


I spent that whole day and night with Erin Adele. It was going to be hard to call her that, but it was pretty and it fit her so I knew Id get used to it. I ran into the roommate on my way out. He gave me the eyeball, but I think its funny. I can tell how much he cares about her and the way I look at it is who can blame him. She is hard to resist, thats for sure. 

I went into the office that day for the first time in a few. I got a lot of curious stares, but no one came right out and asked where I had been, or what had happened to Erin. I would figure out what to tell them all eventually, but today I had an agenda. I went to the lounge we had created for the shareholders. It wasnt frequently used any longer, but I had a feeling that I would be able to find Phillip there today. I was right. When I walked in, he was on the computer. I saw him physically jump as he tried to "x out of whatever had been on his screen.

Hows it going, Phillip?

He looked guilty as hell when he said, Good, good, Seth. How are you? I knew it was mean, but I decided to have a little fun with him. 

What were you looking at there?

Oh nothing, he said. I was just doing a little research into a company I was considering putting some money into

Really? I have some extra cash I was looking to invest too. What company is it?

The poor guy had sweat running down his balding brow as he said, I dont think youd be interested in this one, Seth. Its a little risky.

I grinned at him and said, I love risky, tell me more.

His hands were shaking and I saw him trying to casually shut down the computer. Im a terrible, mean person. Nah, I should be going, he said, reaching straight out for the power button.

When his fingers were hovering over it I jumped up and said, Come on Phillip old boy, what are you hiding there? It wouldnt have anything to do with Adele Morgan, would it? When I said her name, his eyes went wide and his chest began to rise up and down in a rapid pace. I was suddenly afraid my teasing would give him a heart attack. I laughed then and now he was looking at me like I was insane. Im sorry, Phillip. Im teasing you. Adele told me youre helping her. I wanted to thank you and see if there was anything you need from me in order to do a better job of it. 

He took a handkerchief out of his pocket and wiped the sweat from his brow. He looked like he was trying to figure out if I really knew something or if I was just trying to find out what he knew. Finally he said, Im not exactly certain Im following you.

I appreciate your loyalty, Phillip. Erin Adele told me that she ran into you at the ball and you recognized her. She said that you told her she looked just like her mother and that her father would be proud. She said you committed to helping her and she knew you despised my father. Does that help you believe I know and Im not just trying to trick you?

He chuckled nervously and said, It all helped except that part about me despising James. Everyone knows that.

It was my turn to laugh. Then turning serious I said, What do you think we should be looking for, Phillip?

Anything related to the purchase of the business anything with the Morgans name on it

Let me ask you this, do you remember a lawsuit between Adeles father and mine? Something about a breach of confidentiality?

Phillip was nodding slowly but he looked like he was trying to reach back into his memory as he did. Finally he said, Yeah, I remember. Adeles father was livid. He found out that your father was using confidential information that he discovered while working for him as his attorney to set up his own investing firm on the side. Morgan probably could have gotten him disbarred for it, and he may have had he not been killed before it ultimately went to court.

So what happened when it went to court?

The documents that Morgan had on him had disappeared from his attorneys office and Morgan wasnt there to testify, so the judge threw it out. James had filed a counter suit at the same time for slander. Because again, Morgan wasnt there to dispute it, James won that one. The estate was ordered to pay him damages. The records were sealed however as far as the settlement. Im not sure how much he ended up with.

Hmm, maybe he ended up with this company because of it. Do you think if he was devious enough to steal the evidence Morgan had against him or buy it even that he would still have it? Wouldnt that be awfully risky?

Yes, it would be. Can I speak freely to you about your father, Seth?

I smiled, sadly and said, Go ahead, Phillip. You cant say anything that will rival the way Im feeling about him myself.

The biggest reason I dislike your father is his extreme narcissism. He had the most wonderful wife. Your mother was an angel. He didnt treat her the way she deserved to be treated, because he was so in love with himself. I was a very good friend of your mothers and one day I confronted him about his philandering and told him that someday he would get caught and get what was coming to him. I couldnt bring myself to tell her, she loved him so much that she was blind to his ways. James laughed when I told him that. He said that he was smarter than the rest of us and that he would always win. I believe that he truly believes that and I wouldnt doubt that as with any true narcissist he kept trophies from his victories. You are the only one who has that kind of access to his private life. Hes beat you down emotionally for years. He doesnt believe for a second that you would turn against him.

I took a moment to process all that he was saying. My father, the narcissist. My mother, his victim and me I guess Id have to be called a victim too. It was a word that I didnt care to be associated with and the thought of it gave me that last little bit of determination I needed to do what I knew I had to do. 

Phillip, is the lawyer who was handling this evidence for the Morgans still around?

Hes retired, but yes, he lives with his wife over on 7th Avenue. I still run into him frequently at charity events.

Can I enlist you to do me a very large favor?

Whatever, he said. As long as it ends with James Hunter finally losing. 

I told Phillip what I needed him to do and then I headed out for the day. My father golfed all day on Fridays. I knew he wouldnt be at the estate. I took my own car out. I didnt want any witnesses. When I confronted my father I wanted to take him completely by surprise. 


~

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

~



ADELE


Wow, dont you look gorgeous! Grant had just gotten home from work and I was on my way out that Friday night. We hadnt had much of a chance to talk since Seth had shown up the day before. 

Thank you, I told him. Then I opened my arms and said, I need to hug you.

Grant accepted the hug and after holding onto me for several minutes he said, So what was that for?

To thank you for putting up with me. Or, I should say to thank you for putting up with Erin. I know that she wasnt always the easiest person to live with.

He laughed and said, No, she wasnt. But, it turned me on a little to know her dirty secrets like the fact that she was a corporate spy and I was the only one who knew her real name.

I will always tell you my secrets, I said. Hopefully, I wont have so many to tell in the future.

Will that future be with the young Mr. Hunter?

I sure do hope so. I love him so much, Grant.

He smiled and touched my face. Hes a lucky man.

Im the lucky one, I said. I have two of the best looking, sweetest, kindest, smartest men in New York in my corner.

He laughed again and said, Which one of us is better looking?

I looked at my watch and said, Look at that, it got so late so soon. I really have to go now.

He threw his head back then and laughed hard. Okay, Ill let you plead the fifth on that one. Just promise me two things and Ill leave it alone.

Whats that?

First, that you wont ever stop being my friend

Never, I said.

And second When you get that company back finally, youll hire me. I hate my job.

Aw, of course I will. Working with you and Seth would be a blast.

Youre going to let him stay in his position when you get it back, arent you?

Look, its another minute later. I really do have to go. I winked at him and kissed his cheek. Thank you for being the best friend ever. I love you.

I love you more, he said, as I went out the door. 

When I reached the ground floor, Seths car was waiting for me. The driver was standing at the curb with the back door open for me. Good evening Miss, he said. Mr. Seth asked me to let you know hell be meeting us at the restaurant.

Thank you, Sam. I got in and rode across town in anticipation. It had only been a matter of hours since Seth left my bed to go to work. I missed him like crazy from the very second he was gone. 

Sam took me to an upscale restaurant in SoHo. They served eclectic food in a classy, serene atmosphere. It had always been one of my favorite places. When I got inside the hostess took me straight back to where Seth was waiting for me. I was surprised to see that Phillip Granger was with him as well.

Hi, I said. Hello, Phillip. This is a surprise.

Seth kissed my cheek and Phillip said, Hello again, Adele. I hope you dont mind me crashing your intimate dinner party. Seth and I have had our heads together today and we think we have some exciting news for you. I wont be staying long but I wanted to be here when he told you.

Excited, I sat down and they did too. I dont mind at all, Phillip. I am so grateful for the help.

Seth smiled and laid a packet of paperwork on the table in front of me. It was the legal papers I had got a glimpse of that night at the house. Oh my goodness! You work fast.

He grinned and said, You told me exactly where to find them. It seems my father was running his own business based on information he gained confidentially from yours. When your father found out, he filed a lawsuit against him. He wanted my father disbarred so that he wouldnt be able to do the same to someone else. The civil suit had been filed and if your father would have won the case, an investigation by the FTC may have been opened against my father as well as the Law Review Board getting involved.

But since my father died, none of that happened, right?

It gets better, Phillip said. James filed a countersuit claiming slander. When the first case went to court, your father had already passed. Miraculously, witness statements and supporting documents had gone missing from his attorneys office.

Was that attorney a friend of James Hunters by any chance?

Better yet, Seth said. He was a gambler and a cheat and Father knew all of his deep, dark secrets because they had worked together for years.

Oh no!

Oh yes, Phillip said. I spoke with the other attorney today. His name is Paul Goddard and he has been retired for five years. He told me the truth about what happened back then. He has gone through alcoholics anonymous and gamblers anonymous over the past few years. He was going to come to you eventually. He has been trying to make amends for his past sins. I told him that I wouldnt promise whatever he told me wouldnt be used against him. Im not sure how far you plan to take this. He said that he didnt care anymore; he was tired of living with things on his conscience. It seems hes admitted a lot of his wrongs against a lot of people.

He got rid of the evidence? I asked.

Worse, Seth said. My father blackmailed him and threatened to ruin his career. Paul gave him the original witness statements and original documents financial documents that your father had collected to use against mine in court.

Wow I didnt realize how far his reach was.

Neither did I, Seth said. The good news is that Phillip told me something very interesting about my father today. He told me that James Hunter is a narcissist. I guess Ive had to always know that, but I never wanted to admit it. Its hard to think of one of your parents as incapable of loving anyone other than themselves. He also told me that a narcissist would keep trophies of his wins because he thinks he is way too smart to get caught. Seth laid down some more paperwork in front of me. It was copies of the witness statements, all of the evidence my father had compiled against James.

Oh my God. Seth, youre amazing. Phillip cleared his throat and I looked up at him and smiled. You too, Phillip of course. Youre both incredible. Im so lucky to have you in my corner.

At the risk of sounding like an infomercial I have to say, But wait! Thats not all.

I couldnt help but smile at my beautiful man as I said, Please tell me what else there is.

Well, as you can see there, my father countersued for slander. Because this evidence never came to light, and your father was dead he won that case. Thats how he obtained your company. He was awarded a lot of money from your fathers estate. There wasnt enough cash so he took the other assets the house, the furnishings, the business

So he was granted all of that in court. Does that mean I dont have a legal right to any of it any longer?

It would, if we couldnt prove he hid evidence and that was the only way he won. 

So were going to do what with that evidence?

We are going to use it to persuade my old man to walk away from Hunter Corp after signing the deed over to you, of course.

Oh wow. Do you think that he will agree to that?

We will make sure he doesnt have a choice, Seth told me. 

I got up and hugged them both. I dont think I could ever put into words how much their help meant to me. Thank you both so much! I saw the top of Phillips head flush as I kissed him on it. Seth looked amused. 

Youre welcome, Phillip said. I cant wait to hear what his reaction was when you two confront him. Im going to go home now and get some rest. Its late for this old man to be out. I thanked him profusely again. I was so happy.

Once Phillip left, I looked at Seth with the adoration I was feeling. He grinned at me again. I could tell that he was feeling pretty proud of himself. That was okay by me, he deserved to be. 

Are you hungry? he asked me.

I am starving, I told him. Im also highly aroused. Its like all of my senses are heightened all of a sudden. This spy stuff is kind of fun.

He laughed, Yeah, it is. But you know what is going to be more fun? Walking into YOUR company that first day knowing that no one can ever take it away from you again. You came a long ways from that little girl who was all alone in the world. You have so much to be proud of yourself for.

Thank you, baby. I also have so much to be thankful for. Ive made some pretty amazing friends along this wild ride.

He waggled his eyebrows at me and said, You want to see a wild ride, wait until after dinner.

After we ate he took me to his townhouse. His father was at the main estate for the night and Seth said he wanted to show me something. When we got there he showed me into a room that looked like a spa and said, There are some bathing suits in that big closet over there that used to belong to my mom. A lot of them are brand new with the tags still on. I bet you could find one to fit.

I laughed. What on earth would I need a bathing suit for at this hour for?

He leaned in and kissed me softly. Slip one on and meet me downstairs and Ill show you.

He started to walk out as I was standing there confused and when he got to the door I said, Wait! Downstairs? Arent we on the first floor?

Yep, he said. Take the elevator down. Ill see you there.

Shaking my head, I opened the closet in front of me. It was definitely a glimpse into Seths mothers life. She obviously liked to do two things: shop and swim. The closet was literally full of swimwear and as he said there would be, one whole side still contained the tags. I found a yellow two piece that I liked and held it up to me. It looked like it was just my size. I told myself it wasnt weird to wear it because obviously Seths mother never had. Once I had it on and looked in the mirror, I loved it so much I was afraid I might not ever be talked out of it. I found a yellow sarong and tied it around my waist. Slipping back on the black heels Id worn with my dress for dinner, I took one last look before seeking out the elevator. I wasnt used to the whole high heels and swimwear look, but it was different for me, and fun. 

The elevator was right next to the stairs at the front entrance. I pushed the B and when the doors slid open to the basement, my breath was taken away. I was confronted by shiny white marble floors and thick, gold wallpaper. The walls surrounded an Olympic sized swimming pool that was made out of white marble and inlaid with gold. Seth was sitting at the edge in a pair of blue swim trunks, dangling his feet in the water.

This is wow!

He smiled. Swimming was my mothers favorite thing to do. He pat the tile next to me and took my hand, helping me sit down. Id slipped off the heels before I stepped out of the elevator. I stuck my bare feet and legs in next to his. He looked at me then as if hed just noticed what I was wearing. You are so damned gorgeous. 

Thank you. Tell me about your mother, I said.

She was a swimmer in college. Thats how she and my father met. She was competing at the college he went to and when he saw her, he said he had to have her. I used to think that was romantic until I found out how extremely possessive he was. But anyways, when they redecorated this place the first time, there was nothing down here but storage. Father wanted to put in a theatre but mother wanted a pool. I remember, I was only five or six I heard them arguing one night. I didnt understand a lot of what they were talking about then, but at one point she told him he had taken her dignity from her when she caught him with that woman. She started to cry and my father was trying to comfort her I guess. The whole argument spiraled down into my mother talking about how she gave up everything that was important in her life to be in his and he didnt even appreciate her. She even said that she didnt think he even loved her most of the time. My father told her she was being ridiculous and then he said something like, Look around! Ive given you everything. What more could you possibly want? Back then, I didnt understand the dynamics of a dysfunctional relationship the way I do now. But I heard her say, I want a swimming pool. He caught me listening then and sent me to my room, but the next day the workers showed up and within a month, my mother had her pool. They didnt fight for a while after that but that may be because she spent so much time down here. It kind of became our private spot. Father didnt swim so this was where she and I could hide out from all of the pressures he was always putting on us.

I took his hand in mine. You miss her a lot, dont you?

Every day, Seth said. You are so much like her, you know? No matter what life throws at you, you just bend and twist and reshape yourself and move-on. She was like that, strong and confident. My father should have appreciated her, but he didnt.

Im sure she knew that you did. That had to be pretty special to her.

Yeah, Im sure she knew how much I adored her. Since the day she died until I met you, Ive never felt that loved.

I picked up the hand I was holding and put it over my heart. It beats just for you now, I told him.

He leaned in and kissed my lips. I wrapped my hands behind his neck and pulled him in closer. As I did we were both set off balance and before we knew it, we were thrown head first into the pool. The water was heated and it felt like a comfortable bath. We barely took a breath before we continued our kiss. It was the first time I had ever made love in a swimming pool. 


~

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

~



ADELE


I dont remember when Ive ever been such a mixture of joy and anxiety before. I was joyous for two main reasons. First and foremost because of hours of fun in the heated pool, Seth had taken me upstairs to his room and I had spent the night in his loving arms, and second: we were finally taking what could very well be the final step to gaining control of my company. Ten and a half years finally coming to fruition. It was all I had wanted and everything Id dreamed of and now that it was within my grasp it felt surreal to me. 

Seth and I walked hand and hand into James Hunters living room at the estate. He was sitting on the couch with a cup of coffee, reading his morning paper. When we walked in, he looked up and smirked. I vowed that would be the last time he looked at either one of us that way again. Seth must have been thinking the same thing because he smiled radiantly and said, Good morning, Father. Adele and I have great news.

He glanced at me and I could see the confidence there in his eyes. He wasnt afraid of this man any longer. James put the paper down and took a sip of his coffee. Looking me over with disgust he asked Seth, So, youve decided a liar is the best you can do for a girlfriend I see. 

No Father. Ive found out that its the best I could do in the father department. As far as girlfriends go, Im going to stick with this one. Shes a top of the line model.

Seth was squeezing my hand tight as James jumped to his feet and said, How dare you come into my house and talk to me that way. Who do you think you are?

I know who I am, Seth said, smoothly. I am a smart, capable man who doesnt need you or your name or your money. I have what I need right here, and as soon as you give her back what is rightfully hers, she will have all that she needs too.

James snorted. Get off my property, he said. Or Ill have you both thrown off.

Sure, Dad. It was Seths turn for a smirk. He reached in the bag slung over my shoulder and pulled out the documents we had put together. One stack was the evidence we had against him and the other were the papers Phillip had Paul draw up. They reverted ownership of Hunter Corp. back to Morgan Corps. original heir. It included all of the corporate assets as well as the townhouse which Phillip found out was paid off with money hed gotten from my estate. 

What is that? James asked his son, irritably. 

Read them, Dad. Well wait. He handed them to James and we sat down as he read through them. I will never forget the look on his face the moment he realized it was over. He wasnt going to go down that easily, however. Its a good thing Seth and I both knew that before wed come over. 

So what? Youve got a bunch of stupid old documents. If and I mean IF there was a crime committed or any wrong-doing it would be way past the statute by now. 

You know what, Dad? We thought of that. But you know what else we thought of? We both have noticed how much you love to be in the limelight. Your name, your estate, your money and your prestige, it all means so much to you. So in exchange for you doing the right thing here, Adele has graciously decided that she will settle for having back her assets without dragging you through the mud you so rightfully deserve to be pulled through.

What the hell does that mean? he said. I could tell he was putting it together in his head and he was getting really nervous. I let Seth go on, for now. He pulled the notebook out of our bag and turned it on. Then he pulled up a segment that had appeared earlier that morning on Good Morning Manhattan. It was a former attorney who had retired from what he called The Game of high finance and corporate espionage. He talked about some of the shady deals he had witnessed and some of the unethical things he himself had been involved in. He said he was in recovery now from the substances that led him down that evil path and he was working with high school and college aged youth, teaching them how to stay on the right path. He had just that morning been offered a book deal. A six figure deal if he was willing to name names. He told the interviewer he was still on the fence about it. He thought those people should get their reckoning, but he hadnt decided yet if he would be the one to give it to them. As James watched the show, the color drained out of his face. He recognized Paul and he also recognized how his entire way of life could be gone in an instant.

He looked up at his son and said, What do I have to do?

Seth smiled and said, I think you need to address that question to Adele. She very sweetly holds your life in her hands, as did you hers at one time.

James looked at me and I saw him swallow his revulsion before he said, What do you want?

I want to see the records from the very day you took over the company. I want whatever was there the day you moved in, including the paperclips. I want the cash that was in the accounts and I want the townhouse to replace the one you took from me. Its all in that paperwork you have in front of you. All you have to do is sign.

You are a

I wouldnt finish that sentence if I were you, James. You see, my revenge on you will be that this will forever be hanging over you. If I get wind of you even thinking about stealing from anyone ever again, I expose you. If you mistreat your son or disparage me again in any way guess what? I expose you. I handed him the ink pen Id brought with me and said, The places for you to sign and initial are clearly marked.

He snatched the pen and signed and initialed the paperwork. I handed him his copy and said, Paul will notarize these signatures today in case you were thinking of going back on this in any way. Id like it if you could send someone by the office to pick up your things before the trash is picked up on Friday. Otherwise it will be the problem of city sanitation.

I took Seths hand and we stood up. We started to walk out together and I heard James say, Youre just like your mother worthless.

Seths muscles tensed and he let go of my hand as he turned slowly around to face his father. I watched him clear the space between then in two steps and suddenly he was inches from his fathers face. 

Last condition of this arrangement, old man. You never say my mothers name in my presence. You were not fit to wipe her heels on. She was the absolute best thing that ever happened to you and you were too daft to know it. I am proud to be her son. Im proud enough of that to make up for getting stuck with you as a father. 

He turned then and we left James Hunter standing there. He would still be a wealthy man. He would have his wealth and his privilege but he didnt have his son and he wouldnt ever be able to walk into another boardroom and feel that power he loved so much. We left him broken and alone the way he had left me when I was a little girl. 

Once we were outside we both stopped and sucked in a few breaths of the fresh air. God that felt good! Seth said. He was riding a high that only came from standing up for yourself and for those that you love. 

It did, I agreed. My high was coming from gaining back what was mine and knowing that Seth and I were going to do this a thousand times better than his father had done it, because from here on out it would all be right and legal and ethical. No more shady business for our corporation. 

We climbed into the back of the limousine and Seth popped the cork on a bottle of champagne as the driver took us back to Manhattan. He poured us each a glass and we toasted to Us. I saw a shift in his eyes as we reached the city and he began looking out on all of the tall buildings. He looked sad suddenly.

Whats wrong? I asked him.

He smiled but his eyes still looked sad. Oh nothing, he said. I love you. Im so proud of you. Ill get my stuff from the office this week and hopefully by next week I can have my things out of the townhouse. 

I reached into our bag and pulled out two more papers. I rested the palm of my hand against his face as he looked at me curiously and I said, You can do that, or you can sign these two papers instead.

He gave me a What are you up to? look and picked up the first paper. It was the deed his father signed over on the townhouse. 

Flip to the last page, I told him. He did and as he read it, the light began to return to his eyes. I was so happy that it did, I was a little bit worried myself. 

The deed has my name on it too. You want us to live together?

If thats okay with you? I asked.

No, he said, making my stomach fall. No, thats not good enough for you. Marry me, Adele?

The fire he kept burning inside of me stoked up and filled my chest with heat. I grinned at him and said, Ill seriously consider your proposition. But in the meantime, will you sign the paperwork so your name is on the townhouse too?

He signed it and then said, Im going to ask you again every day until you get sick of it and say yes.

Good, I said. Now read the next one. He picked up the second one and as he read that one, tears sprang to his eyes. 

I cant accept this. You fought too hard to get that company back and that CEO spot is so rightfully yours

Seth, its rightfully yours too. You are more than qualified and you are the only one I would ever want at my side running it with me. Id had the papers drawn up to show him as co-CEO and the company as being renamed, Morgan & Hunter Inc.

Are you sure, baby?

I grinned again. Id never had a happier day than this. Im as sure of this as I am my hair is red and my name is Adele. Ive never been surer of anything. 

With a broad smile, he picked the pen back up and signed the contract. We officially owned a house and a company together. After he sat down the pen, he slid down to one knee and said, I havent had time to get a ring with all of this going on, but now that you know I wasnt just trying to get the company back, will you consent to marry me? Ill buy you a ring today.

I laughed and said, I was never worried you were trying to scam me. We just have so much going on. Lets take just a little more time before we jump into one more new thing, okay?

He looked disappointed, but he said, Okay, but this isnt over.

I took his face back in my hands and said, No way. Not by a long shot. I love you, Seth.

I love you, Adele Louise Morgan. I pulled him into me and our lips met. I knew without a doubt he was the man I would marry and he would someday be the father of my children. We just needed to get our lives started first and then there would be nothing left to do but move forward. I was looking forward to every single second to come. 


Holly Rayner



