







Lyncia
by J.A. Waters
Copyright 2015 J.A. Waters
Smashwords Edition

Chapter One

The practice sword rattled within my grip, my hand still aching after the last round. It was a good ache, one that spoke of progress and time well spent. My mind tallied up the precise areas of soreness, remembering the cause of each one.

The attacks came on quickly, each strong and varied. I blocked, then parried, successful but feeling my muscles tremble a warning. I was nearing my limit. My arms were burning, fingertips sporting new blisters. All the talcum powder from my gloves had run down my arms. It made the reddish tone of my skin look pink.

Jacob's gritted teeth told me he was frustrated. His muffled growl spoke of a rising anger. It was likely directed more at himself than me. My parry had sent his blade wide, so he jumped back quickly, creating some distance just in time to avoid my blunted weapon. He was taller than me, but just barely and couldnt depend on reach in his defense.

I didn't hesitate to follow, sending out quick thrusts that were mostly feints. Part of me still didn't know how to close an attack. The knowledge was there from long bouts of reading and practice. Despite that, use of the information was fickle and elusive. It was the second week I'd shown enough improvement to prevent Jake from 'killing' me, so our fights kept ending in a draw. I couldn't kill him either.

Just surviving was getting old. The desire to win burned me in a way that was new, in a way that seemed irrational. When weapons practice had started it'd been a tedious bore. There were forms to remember, harsh exercises, and painful lessons. Surviving was enough of an accomplishment. Despite that, I'd almost quit, but I wanted to prove my capability.

I had to, really. The training had been a huge orchestration on my part. Father hadn't wanted me to learn the sword, calling it useless for a princess. I couldn't stand the idea of proving him right. All the barons of Galania did that for him.

Truth be told, maybe I never would use the skill in a real fight, yet recently I'd broken through some barrier of self-awareness. I could feel the power in the ability, understood more and had to depend on memorization less. It made winning feel like a tantalizing possibility. At first I was just glad that I could fight back without being soundly beaten. Now there was a chance of more.

Jake eyed me warily, edging to my left, "Come on then, let out that eagerness I've been seeing."

Reacting to your opponent's taunts isn't generally advisable. They would expect that, or so Jake always recited. However, he knew me and was growing used to my style of fighting. I had never reacted to his stupid taunts, stupid and boring. Jacob taught by the books, and even his curses were lifted from the pages. Usually, I was reserved, defensive, I would hold back and watch.

So, I changed. This time I darted forward with a loud cry, intent on broadcasting a false attack. I leaned left, then couldn't help but grin at the flash of surprise in his eyes. It was gone so quick I almost believed it imagined, but I had to believe my offensive had taken him off guard.

His sword rose in reaction to my false-intentions. The moment hung still in my mind, frozen in that rushing clarity that comes from surging adrenaline. I could hardly believe he'd made such a foolish mistake.

I saw the opening as if it were a beacon, some part of my brain gesturing madly, "There! There! Attack!" My blade twisted, arm whipping forward to reverse my previous motion, slapping the sword's "edge" at Jacob's turned hip. His armor was just open enough, and I felt the hit reverberate from my arm to shoulder.

And at that same moment I flew backwards, a gauntlet-driven punch knocking the wind from my lungs. Caught completely off guard, I tumbled onto my side and rolled to a stop. Panicked, I scrambled away, thankful that I'd kept my sword. Standing in a hurry, the courtyard spun into focus as my mind cleared.

Dust filled the air within the dark circular walls. It slowly dissipated to reveal one of the tall castle towers against a backdrop of blue sky. We were in the western yard, a side space for inconspicuous guests to enter and guardsmen to train. The tightly-fitted tiles beneath our feet were in drastic need of being swept after a recent dust-storm from the eastern deserts.

Jacob stood where I'd hit him, pulling the armored faulds from his waist and rubbing his hip. I realized that his sword was already sheathed. "You got me," he said, grimacing, "Hard to admit, but even that punch wouldn't have kept me alive. Not after the bite a real sword would've ripped open."

The tension left me, muscles wavering. My body was very tired, and it was a struggle to sheath my own sword smoothly, "Truly, that would've been a killing blow?" The victory felt hollow. It would've led to survival, sure, but it wasn't the clean finish often recorded in books.

"Well enough it was," and he crouched, thudding into a seated position, "I'd be overrun in a battle, finished off by time or a caved in skull." He stretched his neck back while peering at the endless fire at the towers top, Ald, I have tending duty today. I dont want to climb all those stairs.

His tiredness surprised me. I still thought him indestructible. When we'd first begun practicing it felt impossible to even hold a sword. "Such a noble death," I grumbled, "Falling into the mud, stepped on by worn boots." A column helped support my weariness as I wiped sweat from my brow.

He scowled, glancing away from his distraction. "Noble death," growling the words, "No such thing, just death, plain and dirty." His gaze settled on me, "What is the first rule of a true fight?"

I rolled my eyes, repeating the answer yet again, "There are no rules in a true fight. When two opponents face each other, winning is the only rule worth subscribing to. Otherwise, you die."

He nodded, "Good, now remember it for real this time. If you go out into the world expecting people to treat you fairly, you'll be dead blinding quick. The borders will push back eventually, they always do."

I frowned, feeling my expression tighten. He could be so moody, at times coming off as cold and foul. Time had lent understanding. Somewhen, he'd been hurt. Jacob trusted little, cared little, and seemed to enjoy even less. His company could wear thin quickly, but his knowledge was worth the ire. "Father sealed the borders and created a unified Galania. It would be madness were any of our neighbors to attack."

"Yes," said Jacob, "And the King accomplished that peace through a brutality that only proves my point. He did not follow any rules of battle. It was effective, but grudges have long memories."

My emotions swirled in opposing directions. I supported my father's rule, but disliked him as a person, "Is this to be the lesson for today? Borderline savagery?"

He waved me away as he started to get up, "No, I think you've earned a break." Jake struggled upward with the use of the practice sword, "Aldyor be blessed, these years of training are now bearing fruit. You did well today, now go. I'm done with you."

My body wanted to collapse. I was glad I wouldn't have to sit down for more book studies. That would've been a recipe for having to listen to Jake drone on about death and pain and the triumphs of father as a tactician. That would be incredibly tedious, and besides, I really wanted a bath. "Ah, well, thank you for the lesson. As usual, you were masterful." A bowing sort of nod was my goodbye, and my step was quicker than I would've liked as I turned away. Risking more lectures wasn't worth grace. I moved into the hall, grateful when I was out of view.

The castle still slept, always a relief when I would wearily return to my room. There was peace in the streaming beginnings of sunlight filtering through long empty halls. Without Jake there, I let the limp I felt show, let myself extend each stride to stretch out the soreness in my calves. Swordplay was my training's primary purpose, but it also included conditioning that left my body weak. 

Guards were out making their rounds, the only presence while dawn still lingered. I nodded to them, though I did not expect an answer. Though I knew them all by name, fathers orders were for strict discipline in Eyreso's military. The entire kingdom was run with discipline, either to the rule of law or for the faith of Aldyor. That tight expectation of order could chafe.

Rounding the corner into my room's hallway, there were a curious number of servants already rushing from one room to another. That was unusual, but maybe some attending Baron was paying a visit. I usually sat in on council meetings, and did not look forward to more dry speeches on which barony needed which allocation of imports. Let the merchants send their goods all down the Trade Road with abandon; deliberations on tariffs could be maddening in their tediousness. Still, politicking was a necessary evil: the civilized way to power.

Thinking nothing more of the servants filling the halls, I opened the door to my room. After all, whatever was going on, I'd learn about it from the king himself soon enough.


Chapter Two

Fortunately I had made sure to schedule a bath after every practice session so it was waiting as I walked into my quarters. Aylee, my lady-in-waiting, was pouring a final bucket of water into the large tub set into a corner of the room. Reflective granite tiles of black and gold flecks created a pocket area for bathing, and eventually I planned on having walls added for privacy.

Aylee glanced up as I approached, breaking into a smile as she saw that it was me, You certainly look happy. Did training go well today?

I couldnt help but respond with a grin, It was the best day yet! I managed to win the last round!

Her expression went blank, eyes wide. She was stunned! A moment later, Aylees hands shot up and she made a small squeal, Amazing! Simply amazing! And you were fighting Jake, yes?

I nodded, pleased by the excitement over my accomplishment. I hadnt wanted to react to it, still didnt want to. It wouldnt do to become proud, Yes, and every round before ended in a draw. So I let myself trail off, wanting her to finish the boast.

"You didnt just win the round, you won the day! Oh, congratulations, milady! This is simply wonderful!" She moved quickly to my bath, pouring the bits of soap and scents in as she spoke, "Try and tell your father, maybe itll convince him that the expense has been worth it."

My grunt dispelled her smile at that, I have won a battle, but not that war.

Aylee bit her lip, looking to the floor with a kind of pained expression, Aye I suppose thats true. Its likely hed say youll never use it in a battle, yes?

Yes, I think so. I perched on the tubs edge, beginning to undo the tight bun of my hair needed while fighting. It was heavenly to release that tension from my scalp, That about sums up his thoughts on my training. You know him as well as me, I think. Still, I would not want there to be warring and battling, even if it were a way to prove the usefulness of my hobbies. I set aside the purple ribbon thatd bound my hair, Peace is hard to come by, and far more valuable than my desires.

She gave a small sigh, Wise of you to say, and I wish more thought that way. The council sounds off on the regular about honor and valor, enough so that some grand conquest seems eminent.

That, I said, letting her help in pulling off my boots, Is because some measure honor and valor by the lands you conquer. Father has done well to maintain peace, but there will always be someone that wants the borders to expand.

Aylee set my footwear to the side, Yes, Ive heard such talk far too often for it to be an idle idea. The kingdom of Galania is strong right now, possibly at a peak of wealth and power. Id say the kings policies are working just fine.

I smirked, And many would say that a peak is the perfect place for falling. Some of the council members have spoken at length to that very effect. Do you know, some have implied that father is a coward?

Her eyes widened and she made a choking sound, What!? Did he leap across the table and throttle them where they stood?

No, of course not, I said, laughing at the idea, He controls himself too well to respond to idiotic taunts. Everyone knows he fought gallantly in the border disputes. His accomplishments as a prince were far greater than any of the barony lords, and they have had a lifetime to prove themselves.

Yes, its too bad he reserves use of his anger behind public view. Aylee picked up my training boots. They left a small smudge of dust on the rich red carpet, good sign for them to be cleaned and checked for repair, The council could use a reminder of that temper. Maybe it would inject some sense into their decisions.

Dipping my fingers into the bath, I tested the water and found its temperature perfect, I doubt anything in the world would gift lords with more sense. What a blissful fantasy that would be.

She stepped back, pausing at the doorway, Will there be anything else, milady?

Smiling, I waved her away, No, no. Thank you, Aylee. You are always a darling.

Undressing was an act of shedding bits of practice armor. The majority hung from a strap around the back of my neck, supported by a belt that cinched at the waist. Additional parts belted to the back of my knees and around the waist. Underneath I wore training garments, a bland dress not even as long as my knees and dark tights. The outfit had been one of the hardest parts about starting my training, but wearing armor bits made it less indecent. Such concerns were also the reason for such an early time for training. The castle knew of my practice, but I didnt want to showcase an appearance unfit for my station.

I stepped into the bath and luxuriated in the spread of warmth that the waters brought while sinking into their depths. It was a custom-built extravagance that Id persuaded father to get for me. Mother had heard about it and soon they had their own version in the royal bedchambers. Before that, wed both had to go down the hall to a bath that was far too large to keep heated and too deep to touch bottom. Castle Eyreso had been built with four floors of expansive space and high ceilings. Heading anywhere outside of my room for private matters had seemed ridiculous.

My mood soured a little on thinking of that project. Itd ended well for me, but convincing dad had been quite the pain. He was incredibly stubborn and it had nothing to do with the costs. In fact, I was pretty sure wed saved money since we stopped trying to keep the larger bath full and staffed. A dozen servants had maintained the ridiculous bathing room, but now it had been converted into a gallery to accept Song Swans. That had helped father come around, but the whole project had become his idea. He had spoken quite eloquently about having a more private space than the rooftop aviary for messages.

Frustrated, I slapped at the water with a grunt of anger. A nearby candle caught some of the splash, sending up a winding trail of smoke. Flicking away a tuft of suds from my kneecap, I took a deep breath with eyes locked on the scraped skin on my leg. Every fight teaches us something, I mumbled, rolling my eyes at the recitation. It was one of those obvious lines of wisdom Jake liked to repeat. Then hed recall the text, a book obviously titled by a dullard, Philosophy of the Direct and Indirect Strategies Related to Conflict. Of course that would lead us back into the classroom, a room that felt more confining after each day.

Still, that particular line of wisdom, however obvious, was good to keep in mind. Dad had taught me, again and again, that I had to fight for every last scrap of freedom. He had my life planned out, but Id learned to get around that. If I made enough noise, struggled with all my heart, and gnashed my teeth, eventually hed give in. Then it was his idea, and his plan that changed, and suddenly I was doing what he wanted anyway.

A faint streak of jealousy crept out for my younger brother. Tarnus had been sent to the eastern border of Galania to learn battle and sailing. There were always pirates and brigands to fight on the seas leading to Taendragor. I wouldnt mind seeing the ocean, let alone try a hand at fighting against relics of the sea.

I felt the first hints of a chill in the water, reminded that I hadnt really scrubbed off any of the mornings grime. My thoughts turned to cleaning up rather than boiling over, but I kept chewing on the idea of fathers obstinance. He had taught me, I realized, that control was mostly about keeping up the right appearance. My struggles with him were never seen by the public. They just saw his daughter going along with new ideas from the king. 

I smiled to myself, scrubbing the scab of a scrape off my knee. A determination to be the one in control had settled into my mind. The decision filled me with calm, though somehow I knew its consequences would be anything but.

Chapter Three

The bell near my rooms doorway rang softly. It was time for the morning meal, and not a moment too soon. I was hungry after my long sparring session with nothing more than a quick bowl of porridge to push me through.

Aylee cinched the last ribbon to my dress, a row of them making a fine ruffle of color behind my back. Shed picked the days apparel, a flowing floor-length dress with pink flowers and curling green leaves. A wide sash of matching fabric cinched my waist. Her tongue clucked as she saw the neat bow on my right side, Milady, you know how your father is about the knot.

I glanced down, realizing what Id done, Oh Aylee, but it is so stupid. I felt flustered, such a small thing always irritating me in a way I didnt quite understand. I untied the sash, then made a new bow on the center of my waist. It announced my status to the world. Unwed. Single. Virginal. I rolled my eyes, But, you are right. Father always has a fit when I forget. So, thank you.

She shrugged, genuinely perplexed, I dont understand why it bothers you. Its simply the way things are.

I nodded, It is, but guests are likely to ignore me when I have it tied to the side, and sometimes that is nice.

Aylee peered at me, Milady, sometimes I really dont understand you.

Neither does anyone else, I said, the smirked response making her chuckle. I lifted my arms to have my sword belt draped about my waist. It was a lovely white-leather strap with a silver buckle and matching adornments. Yes, I neednt wear the blade, but winning the use had made wearing it paramount. Even worn ceremoniously it provided a reminder of my success and skill. Princes wore their swords even if they werent trained; I saw no reason not to do the same.

We left my room and turned a corner toward the dining hall. Along the way, I saw that there were even more servants than earlier in the day. Even more peculiar, all wore unusual livery that flashed the colors of distant lands.

Suspicion filled my mind, Aylee, do we have a reason for so many guests?

Aylee shook her head, I havent been told, though rumors are that its probably a rally of your fathers supporters. I heard one of the stable lads talking about some new campaign and running off to be a squire.

Stopping in the hallway, I watched the servants darting about. I could swear some bore the colors of Galanias border kingdoms. The talk of a campaign had been up in the air for months, but father hadnt made any decisions yet. Our council would not move forward without him. Whatever was going on, it had been kept secret from me and Aylee. A cold tendril of anger seeped into my mind, Am I mistaken, or did I see gray and blue on those men? Those are colors of Aleasancia!

You were not mistaken, what in the name of Ald Aylee shook her head, The Northern Kingdom has not visited in a lifetime!

Just then, father came up behind me, clasping his hand on my shoulder. Good morning young darling, I was looking forward to speaking with you at breakfast. His graveled voice bore the lilting air of formality, How fairs your day?

I tilted my head to one side, turning with a small curtsey, Majesty, drawing the word into exaggeration, It has been a lovely morning. The air outside is cool and the season is still quite mild. What a beautiful surprise to have so many important visitors.

He frowned, causing a twitch of his thick mustache, Lyncia, I will ask that you refrain from your usual willfulness today. I hear that tone in your voice, but this will not be a situation welcoming outbursts.

My glare was not polite, and it probably broached protocol in our public setting. I didnt care. I wasnt going to let a handful of foreign dignitaries change how I acted, You have been calling the council without asking for my attendance.

Father took my shoulders in his broad, scarred hands. His dark fingertips were gentle, but there was a threat of power as he twisted me to a nearby doorway. He glanced at Aylee, You are dismissed, Miss Carver. Then he closed the door behind us, turning to me with a scowl that matched my own, I allowed for your interest in politics for far too long. There is no longer a need for you to attend the halls discussions.

Father, I have made great strides in helping our city. Eyreso has profited from my attendance.

You have no official place at the dais, he rumbled, Your presence hinders the voting process and you are overall a distraction.

I reminded myself of my intention to take control but felt my confidence faltering. Taking a breath, I worked to calm my features, One day, I will be Queen. The decisions that

He broke in, talking over me as soon as the word Queen left my mouth, Of someone elses kingdom! You have a brother, and he shall be King! It should come as no surprise that you must marry for an alliance. You have been of age for a year!

And in that year I have learned much of ruling! My voice wavered, a wild beast I had to tame, I am the eldest! Right of the crown should be mine!

His response was low, Men carry the line: As Aldyor Has Written. In the coming weeks your role shall be decided as well.

My breath caught, and the calm fled, Have you called for an assessment of the treaties? Does all of Galania know this except me? I heard my tone turn steely, You have invited them to bargain my hand in exchange for some trade agreement.

More than my voice made this call, the entirety of the council is in agreement. The alliances have not met since my father was a child. We must use the assets at our disposal, only then will our standing be guaranteed. His words were calm, firm, and built of iron, This must be done.

I turned away, unable to take his glare, unable to take the crumbling ground beneath my feet, You are King, and our family has respect because we do what is needed. You have broken no less than five treaties of old, and there are countless traditions that your reign has discarded.

Father growled, a low rumble that always made my skin crawl. The stories spoke of the quiet terror of that snarl on the battlefield, and now it was directed at me. Nearly every one of those choices has cost us dearly, paid for now or as a debt to generations. His fists clenched, arms straining against his tight silk shirt, We must bind the world together! Put aside this pettiness. He turned and I heard the door open.

I looked back only to see the end of his cloak whipping around the doorway. My body trembled. The sudden quiet of the room was suffocating.

Aylee glanced inside carefully, cautiously, Milady?

My face felt cold, immobile. It didnt seem as if I could feel anything at that moment. Father had never walked out on me before. Wed stood inches apart, hurling ideas at one another like boulders from a trebuchet. Often wed gone quiet in mutual disagreement, or eventually one of us would admit defeat. Then wed talk of something else in cordiality, staying by one anothers side as a testament to eventual compromise.

Milady, we should attend the morning meal. Aylees voice was careful, searching, It will help to settle your nerves.

I glanced at her and gave a small nod, Yes. I am very hungry after all. The lie was useless. I no longer felt hungry, instead filled with a chaotic energy. It felt like a living thing, some heavy creature surging in my breast.

She led the way out from the room and I followed automatically. It was easy to be pulled along by her sense of duty while thoughts hammered the inside of my skull. I sat at the table with my back rigid, not glancing to the side toward father and ignoring altogether the side of the table where mother would be sitting. Her support was welcome in its saccharine love, but there was no steel to it. She could not alter fathers course. Worse, she would not even try.

Aylee stood behind me, too polite to ask that I let her sit.

A man to my right, some baron by his sigil, cleared his throat, Servant, could you fetch my valet. Hell be in the same colors.

Such a thing was my fault, shed not have been caught being ordered around by guests if Id been quicker to dismiss her. Shame on the baron for using my lady-in-waiting, what an uncouth man.

My mind swam out from its darkness, Ah, yes. Aylee, once you find this gentlemans servant, please take to your own care for the remainder of the day. I will see you in the morning.

Aylee, whod already turned to fetch the valet, stopped with barely concealed surprise. She gave me a deep curtsey, Aye, thank you. Milady. She disappeared into the hallway.

I stared down at my empty plate, ignoring footmen as they filled my cup and presented the first course. Eventually my hunger would win, but for now I was content to wallow in frustration. All happy thoughts of confidence and control had been dashed so quickly. My intentions to fight father felt foolish and hopeless. How do you fight one of the elements? How do you fight a mountain?


Chapter Four

A wide array of visitors were already in attendance at the morning meal. Most wore clothing that spoke of Galanian gentry with large swaths of white and gold. The dukes and barons of the kingdom also followed a custom of including the Eyresin three-bladed crown in their own sigil. The foreign travelers stood out from that bland uniformity.

Green and red uniforms covered those from Rayne, and Aleasancia's people had shown up in the rich winter's blue with trimming in gray. Those early arrivals were likely unimportant advisors and coordinators for the upcoming conference. The schedules no doubt allowed weeks for incoming attendants.

Good, I thought. Let them have their distractions. It would leave me alone to my brooding. I hoped the preparations would keep father too busy to bother me.

The meal became more of a planning session, many at the table caught up in that busy process of formalities. Introductions and talks of allegiance filled the air. Strange lands caught my ear, but not enough to pull me into the discussion. I managed some small destruction of a sweet bread, then stood up from the table with the smallest of curtsies.

It seemed as if Id make a clean escape to my room, but then Jake caught me in the hall. Ah! he exclaimed, giving a sudden stiff bow, Milady, you certainly look glum. I thought youd be rather ecstatic after earlier. He was cleaned up and in castle guards tunic and leggings for normal duty.

It took effort to stop and respond. I wanted to be alone and away from everyone, Ah, Master Jacob. Keeping annoyance from my words left them stilted, Oddly, you seem to be the one in high spirits. I had sworn your face was rather downcast when I left you in the dirt.

Painful, he winced, Your words strike harder than that sword.

Then I will have to try harder next time, I gave a thin smile, Was there something you needed? I thought you had dismissed the days teachings and gone off to your shift work.

"Oh I'm heading there now, though perhaps a mite slow. That long climb of the tower is painful, but I suppose the fires won't burn themselves."

"Yes they will," I said with dry annoyance, "You just have to make sure they refrain from melting the castle."

He cleared his throat, Anyway, I just wanted to offer further congratulations, and maybe see if you're interested in joining the Eyreso lists. All these guests will mean we can have ourselves a proper melee. Jake hesitated, Youre more ready than some thatll represent the castle.

Oh My thoughts drifted, Such events are not meant for me.

His eyebrows quirked, What? Youre a fighter, just the same as any of them will be. Pardon the crass sentiments if you will, but aint nothing some bastard can do that you havent learned to overcome.

I felt my mood lifting despite my minds best efforts to resist, No, I had not worried over any of their skills, Master Jacob. The point of contention is more likely to be from father.

That made his expression go carefully blank, Oh right, the King has been pretty reluctant to have me continue your training. What with your duties as the princess, I dont suppose theyll be priority.

Unfortunately true, I murmured, sinking back into my gloom, The world needs princes for fighting and princesses for friendship.

A snorting laugh escaped out of Jakes mouth, Ahm, excuse me miss, just Id heard that expression in a different light. Never realized it had a polite version. He looked away at my unflinching gaze, Anyway, thats a Galanian saying and doesn't always apply elsewhere. Many of the Outer Kingdoms have it all backwards and upside down.

Oh? Hed piqued my interest. The peoples of Nalan was one of my favorite subjects.

Yeah, sure enough. His voice relaxed into its teachers rhythm, though now he told the story rather than reading it from a book, There its as likely the ladies will carve you up. Remember the Rodali? With their kind, the women are usually taller, larger. Beastly! The green of their skin will flash white when they're angry and they'll attack at the lightest insult.

I scoffed, "No, you surely speak in lies. The last we spoke of Galor you could not find the book you quoted."

"It's true," he professed, "Travelers speak warily of the Rodali, they're a more vicious race than ours."

"How do you know?" I asked, incredulous, Have you ever been to the Outer Kingdoms?

His head shook, Nah, cant say the prospect of sea travel tickles me too well. East or west, itd be months at sea. The Book of Outer Kingdoms says it well enough, I'll make sure to find it for you.

Yes, I would enjoy that. I think learning more of their lands would be fascinating. A thought sparked in my mind.

Jacob glanced down the hall, seeming to realize he was dawdling overly long, "Anyway, please think on joining for one of the sparring matches. The people love stories of Lady of the Blade."

My mind was elsewhere. Getting away from father felt like a splendid way to solve my problems. The idea was taking root. I gave a small nod, Yes, perhaps. Thank you for your advice, but I must be on my way.

Jake looked confused as he returned a bow, Of course, milady. He turned away, murmuring, Advice?

Maybe it wasnt exactly advice, but his words had led me to a course of action. The more I thought, the more I realized that father could never be overcome in my current position. It wasnt because he unerringly chose correctly, it was because he distorted everything so that it worked in his favor. The only way for me to gain control would involve removing myself from his influence.

I found it hard to stop myself from rushing away to my room. I kept a steady stride, plans spinning through my mind along the way. I would need to keep my routine as normal as possible while figuring a way to escape without drawing immediate attention. If I spoke of my ideas within Eyreso, father would surely learn of them.

Many of my days invited a ride about the grounds or a visit to one of the temples. Such a visit into town would serve my purposes perfectly. I could get away now before called to be a showpiece. Nervousness began skittering through my veins.

Changing with some impatience, eventually I had to call on another lady-in-waiting to help me dress. The clothing from before had been chosen to enjoy a day at rest, now I chose an outfit that would be sturdy for travel. I made sure to keep some lace and ribbon, partially for preference and partially not to look too out of the norm. Additional supplies could be bought on the road, but I would still be playing the part of princess.

The path of escape formed into something solid as I readied myself. I wound some lace ribbon around my swords scabbard, using the time to deliberate and figure out my next step. My fingertips slipped and dropped the strand before it was secure, hands shaking until I pressed them to my skirts.

The servant stooped, picked up the blue lace, Here milady, let me. She looped it about and fastened it with a pin, hands quick.

I was worried that shed seen my nervousness and had to stop myself from picking at the underside of my thumbnail. It seemed likely the whole world would understand my intentions. I waved her away impatiently, Thank you, you may go. 

She turned to leave.

I stopped her, fumbling with forgetfulness, Oh, apologies. Would you ask the cook to prepare a picnic? I would like a day out in the village, and may visit for a while. My brain felt scattered with a thousand doubts.

Halfway to the stables Id decided I would visit cousin. She could easily be described as free-spirited, fierce, and rude. We got along well during yearly visits, and her company was always sorely missed. It felt likely that she was the only person that would understand my actions. Plus, I hadnt seen her duchys colors among the mix of servants and lords. Hopefully that meant she wasnt part of fathers plan. Saydeen didn't often play to the kingdom's whims.

A coach was being prepared for me as I walked into the courtyard. Servants had the wide doors open and were checking over its condition. The bright white paint seemed recently refreshed and the gold-leaf shimmered.

It would be no surprise for the cook to hear my request for a picnic, and itd been normal for such an order to set several related tasks in motion. Servants for father became used to understanding their implied tasks. I was pleased at how well everything was coming together.

Lyncia

I turned, surprised, Mother?

She smiled at me, eyes uncertain. She always looked uncertain, though beautiful with smooth bronze skin and high cheekbones. Her voice was permanently soft with the same lilt Id developed from her, You are going?

Her presence was a shock. It was frightening and unexpected. I thought a visit to the village would be good, I said, hearing my falseness, Everything is so busy here with everyone dashing about. Perhaps I misunderstood her, she couldnt know my true intent...

Her nod was hesitant, Yes, it might be good for you to take a break. She smiled again, expression softer this time. She stepped close and placed her hand on my cheek, You two fought again, he is frustrated with you. I warned your father not to surprise you with this. I wanted you to be a part of everything.

My guard, my caution, all of my defenses fell in the face of her love and my fear. Tears blurred my vision as I stepped into her embrace, nuzzling into the soft warmth of her shoulder, I think I am going to Mylas. I cannot be here right now.

Mothers voice was soft and comforting, her words supportive, I understand. It is a cruel thing he has done, and I would not have you sold off without a choice in the matter. She rocked me gently, I try my darling, please believe that I do. You know how difficult he can be.

I felt shame at my thoughts from earlier. Mother was as helpless as I in challenging the ways of a kingdom. The realization of my powerlessness had been hidden by overconfidence. I cannot even begin to understand I do not know how you do it. It is so frustrating to be unheard.

She stepped back with a frown, We are heard, but it does take time for that to cause change. Her gaze swept my side, pausing on the sword in its scabbard, I think you are heard more often than I.

I blushed, forgetting my tears. She was right. Itd taken being obstinate to a fault, but Id won some battles. I frowned, thoughts wispy things with little substance, Will you tell father? It took effort to concentrate.

Mothers eyes were uncertain again, and she glanced away from me, Eventually. I cannot keep anything from him.

Despite that, despite the threat that her words foretold, I smiled, You still love him?

She nodded, frowned a little, and then turned away. After a few steps, she paused, Stay safe, my daughter, and come back soon. I love you too, and will miss you greatly.

I watched her disappear into deep shadows beyond the doors. I wondered how shed known that I was leaving. I hadnt told a soul, but she'd hardly have come to see me off for a normal ride.

It reminded me of a fight Id been in years ago. One of fathers barons had brought his daughter along for a ride in the country. Id been teased and called a boy. By then I was already practicing with the sword and itd left my body wiry with muscle. Id also kept my hair in a tight, severe bun to keep it out of the way. Despite my frilly dresses and bright colors, even I saw my resemblance to boys my age. Id yet to blossom, so only the clothes seemed different.

Id hit the barons girl, and shed scratched my face. Aylee had pried us apart, taking me to my mother and sending the other child away, Queen Prisclyn, your daughters had an accident.

When mother asked me what had happened, I wouldnt tell her. Id worried about getting in trouble, but mostly I was embarrassed at being teased.

Shed kissed the top of my head, cupping my cheeks between her hands, Lyncia darling, I love you just the way you are. You should not care what anyone says, least of all some silly girl. You are perfect for you.

Back then I hadnt realized that shed probably heard what others said, had probably heard all the insults and backhanded remarks. At that moment shed just seemed magical and omniscient. My young tears had dried as my eyes widened, How did you know?

Her smile, the unleashed version wholly reserved for me, was beatific, I am your mother.

Now, climbing into the covered carriage I felt that similar sense of wonder. She still knew me so well despite my distance. Drawing away had started once I realized how much Id come to dislike her.

The love remained, but I could not forgive her for refusing to fight. Accepting the world as it was seemed a low cowardice. I sighed. Perhaps I would learn to do the same, someday. Maybe life ground everyone down into acceptance eventually. The thought made me scowl.

A basket was set into the center of the carriage. It was the picnic Id asked for and a couple of small comfort items. Some thoughtful servant had provided a blanket and an extra cloak. It made me wonder if my flight was all an act. How could I run away from this pleasant life where my whims were accepted as an ultimatum? Could I really leave it behind?

My thoughts reminded me that I was visiting Myla, duchess of Saydeen. I was unlikely to find any inconvenience within her fortress walls. The true test would be in leaving even that safe haven. Such was a matter for some other time, first I needed to escape my own walls.

The chauffeur opened one of the doors, poking in his head, Milady. I hear that you wish to see the village? Ready to set off?

Yes, Tomas is it? I smiled at him, And there is no rush, feel free to take whatever route you desire. I do enjoy the countryside.

He grinned, Yes, milady. People were always pleased when you remembered their name, Well be going in but a moment. The door closed and I felt the coach rock as he climbed aboard. Someone else climbed up on the other side, the footman, and then the door opened once again.

Milady, said Aylee, smiling fondly.

I gaped, at a loss for words.

She shook her head, Cant believe it, to hear youd make me ride into the village on horseback when you were heading in that very direction.

I began to smile.

And here you are, she continued, voice full of mock indignation, Youre all in your fancy duds, but me? Nothing but town clothes! Im positively shabby! Why, its likely youll not even want me to wait on you in my state of dress.

Recovered, I leaned forward and we hugged, then broke free as my curiosity did the same, I thought I told you to take the day as vacation?

The carriage eased forward, clip-clop of the horses hooves reverberating in the courtyard. Aylee was shaking her head at me, Thats what Im doing. I was in the kitchen picking up a snack for my visit, and then I hear Wint talking how hed run a picnic out to your carriage. Knowing you were so aggravated from earlier, it seemed likely that youd not mind a bit of company.

Oh yes, I gushed, strengthened by her presence, I love it! Thank you, dear!

She looked at me with an odd expression of consideration, Milady, is there something more to this trip? You seem less burdened.

My face froze and I lowered my voice, Am I really so transparent?

Oh no, milady. Its not that, Ive just been with you for so long. Aylee patted my shoulder, Worry not, I think its a good idea. You need to get away for a breath.

Do you think they will come after me? I have no idea what father plans for this next week.

She shook her head, Its not likely that theyll need you right away. Theyll probably keep busy just arranging furniture and learning each others names.

I hope you are right, I am in no mood for preening. The gentle sway of the cabin was soothing, sounds of the city a murmur outside. I kept wondering what father would do, kept waiting to be caught, but Aylees reassurance was working to bring calm.

A good while passed with the both of us dozing. Eventually I sat up with a yawn, stretched, and opened one of the window shutters. The countryside moved past us at a leisurely stroll, city already retreating behind. Tomas must have chosen the west gate, it was the fastest way out.

Fields brimmed with a growing harvest and the sky was a perfect mix of blue and white. Atop one of the rolling hills floated the local Elder Tree, red leaves sparkling in the wind. Its roots trailed down beneath its trunk, anchoring the ancient growth.

Aylee spoke from the other side of the cabin, voice soft with newly waking, I love the stories on why they float, don't you?

I watched the gentle glide as it followed the wind, tendrils of wood pulling tight as it reached the end of its leash, Yes, father says Aldyor chooses to show his power in this way, a reminder that he still watches his children.

My father said the same, though his mother believed in another.

Did the people still believe in other gods so recently? I glanced over my shoulder, The books are empty on old religion.

Ah, thats your grandfathers legacy, Aylee nodded, staring out into the blue sky, He had the books rewritten, made sure all would know the truth as it must be, As Aldyor Has Written.

Yes, that was good, I said. Though not as strong in belief as Aylee, I saw value in that bit of history, It brought Galania a greater peace. Too many squabbled over silly matters of faith before Gilanths Decree.

She smiled, Faith is never a silly matter, even when arguing. Keep your faith, milady. It will answer you soon enough and youll return in peace.

Her expectation dug at me. I had to tell the truth. My voice turned hushed with worry, Aylee, I do not mean to go back to Castle Eyreso, not anytime soon. I mean to go all the way to Mylas.

Aylee gasped, Oh Ald! Youre not just hiding away nearby?

I shook my head, No, I need some real distance from father. I need to know that he cannot drag me away. Cousin can protect me until I can protect myself.

We both lapsed into silence, weighed down with the magnitude of my actions.


Chapter Five

Aylee walked at my side as we made way toward the orphanage. Her tone had become worried after I revealed my plans, Who knows how long the weather will remain agreeable! Its quite late in the season, milady. Soon enough the skies will darken, and you dont want to get caught in a snap-mist.

I gave her a glare, Aylee, I thought you supported my idea to get away.

Aye, away to the town, to the village! Away for a day or two maybe, she said, voice concerned, Perhaps you should stay in the royal cabins. Just enjoy the countryside. Itd give you time to think, and itd be less of a danger.

My mind had been set, resolve bolstered by mothers acceptance and Aylees initial support. Her doubt shook me and made me defensive, If I stay here, father will surely snatch me back into the castle. He will force my hand, and I am sick of being under his power.

She pulled open the door to our destination, a large building of tan stone with Aldyors hand painted brightly to either side of the entrance, Youre letting him force your hand right now. Running away wont solve this problem.

A cold stare met her declaration. I had felt so free during the ride. Responsibilities had been melting away, I cannot stop him. He has pushed me out of the council and left me dark to his plans. I attempted to put finality into my voice, I must leave his range of influence. 

Our conversation cut off as we walked into the boarding home. Priest attendants had gathered into a loose formation of greeting, no doubt warned of our presence but moments before. They wore the deep blue garments of their order, floor-length habits with white gloves, cinched white belt, and a hooded mask that covered all but their eyes.

The Eldest bowed in front of the group, robes crinkling with starch, Princess Lyncia, we are ever honored by your patronage. His face was bare, a tight-fitting cap of white cloth surrounding the rest of his head.

The smile I returned was only half-forced. I enjoyed the orphanages purpose, I am always glad to know our people are given a chance to prosper. Your service to the poor gives hope to the kingdom and honor to Aldyor.

All of their heads bowed at my words, voices rising in unison, In honor to Aldyor.

The Eldest waved the others away, Return to your duties, attend to your charges.

Aylee nodded her head to the priest, TunAldyor Bast, Praise be to Aldyor.

Bast bowed again, Madam Aylee, your faith strengthens us. What brings you on this day? Would milady care to see our newest intakes? His gesture led our eyes deeper into the building. The room showed a past life as a temple, high arched ceiling once providing an airy open place of worship. Partitions of wood and cloth divided that space now, small rooms offering modicums of privacy.

I nodded, Yes, let us see who you have found. Is the city still where most originate?

Of course, his words somber, The capitol has a wealth of strengths, but its people can have difficulty finding a place. He led us through the maze of screens, The councils work to expand lodgings has helped, but some seek to escape Eyreso altogether.

We ducked under a flap of cloth acting as a door. Inside was a small mat serving as a bed with wool blankets. A young child sat weaving a basket, pausing to glance up at our arrival. Aylee crouched and reached out, May I see what youre doing?

TunAldyor spoke softly as the two discussed the basket, She is one of eight that arrived this week, all between the ages of five and twelve. Four have no parents, and the others ran away after being beaten or worse.

My teeth clenched together, Thank goodness they found way to your door. Are you still finding enough work for those that can?

He nodded, Aye, though not always the work they wish for. Three ran away just last night, though we do not prohibit them from leaving. They seem to fear breaking our hearts more than dangers in the dark.

I crouched down beside Aylee, smiling at the child, My, what a lovely basket you made.

The childs eyes widened as she took in my dress, the royal emblem stitched into its sleeves, and then the sword at my side, Princess Ladyblade!

I laughed fondly, touched a finger to her forehead, Princess Lyncia. That is an old name.

Her gleeful expression was haunting. Going to the orphanage was a terrible idea when trying to run away. Some of my duties were self-imposed, and now I began realizing that Id be leaving them behind. It was easy to think of myself as powerless when standing next to the king, but to the common people, I was power.

TunAldyor spoke more on the plight of his charges. The stories were much the same as when Id last visited. I didnt know how to fix those problems, didnt know if I could. My leaving definitely wouldnt help, all the work I could do would be forgotten. Father seemed to like that I had projects, but he did little to provide for them.

We toured more of the rooms, played with some of the children, asked questions of others. Aylee eventually rested a hand on my shoulder, I think I shall leave to see Darren now, and Patrey. I miss them all the more after seeing this lot.

She saw her family too little, so I nodded readily, Of course, enjoy yourself. This is still your day of vacation.

Bast raised a hand, Perhaps you could bring them to our service this evening. We will be performing a mass healing for one of the Florinth council. He has been terribly sick and had a nasty fall.

Aylees eyes widened, Oh no, was it Master Brouthe? Ald knows hes the only one that can get anything done.

The priest smiled thinly, Yes, and support for our ceremony shows his importance. We believe the entire Devotion will show.

I grinned, excited by the prospect, Lovely! I have not chanced attending a mass healing.

Our priest attendants have provided personal care, but the sickness burns too quickly. Ald will provide when minds are in unison. Bast bowed slightly to the two of us, Now, as ever I am humbled by your visit, but it is time for me to prepare. Honor to Aldyor.

Aylee and I repeated with differing conviction. Her tone was always so fervent while mine was a lifeless jumble of sounds. She turned and hugged me, Please do not leave, milady. At least wait until tomorrow.

I looked away with a grimace, We shall see.

Her face tightened, then smoothed forcibly. She curtsied slowly, then departed.

I was left in the hushed presence of low voices and faint sounds. There were dozens of children and priests somewhere among the sea of cloth, but I suddenly felt very alone. My drive to leave had grown weak and uncertain despite what Id said to Aylee. I walked slowly through the orphanage, moving toward the exit without any idea what to do next.

I gravitated next door to the temple. It was a newer building that had resulted from long arguments with father. He had seen no reason to build anything beyond the city walls, had argued that the old temple was more than enough for the village.

I sat on a prayer box and stared down a double-domed chamber that was nearly empty. Tall pillars with carvings of spiraling designs added a sense of height. Large windows in the buildings sides brought in sundowns golden light. Prayer boxes filled the floor in neat rows, no taller than a fist and painted on top with Alds hand. They were just large enough for one person, vast improvements on the last buildings use of wooden pallets of varying sizes and shapes. The temple was an example of my ability to succeed. It showed that I could counter fathers wishes. My mind quieted at the reminder.

A beautiful space to rest and find peace, said a low voice.

Yes, it is so very tranquil. Id forgotten. I glanced to my side, considered the arriving company.

One of the priest attendants had settled next to me, resting on his knees and sitting on his heels, toes pointed backwards. He gestured to the room, Apologies for interrupting your thoughts, but the town is gathering to fill the temple.

Ah, thank you for the forewarning. I glanced over my shoulder at the doors, It will be lovely seeing so many in one place.

Princess, he said, voice curious, Your family vouched for this construction, did they not?

My gaze drifted down the empty room, settling on the central altar. Father had eventually called for the vote, had helped once I gathered allies and proved the benefit, Yes, though there were many with voices of support.

Ah, but the many must find a singular point of focus to do great deeds. His voice was soft, soothing, Perhaps royalty was not the only voice, but such power amplifies the others.

A faint rumble sounded as the great doors opened and people filed in. I glanced over to the attendant, Thank you for the kind words, I will remember them.

He stood, You gave us a place to amplify Aldyors voice, the order is grateful. Such support is not always guaranteed. Honor to Aldyor.

I felt thoughtful as I watched him walk away.

The hall began to reverberate with rising voices. My early arrival had ensured good placement fairly close to the altar, a fact that was soon important as the crowd grew in force. The depth of quiet from earlier was now replaced by noise. I craned my neck to look for Aylee, found her winding around boxes and people and moving in my direction.

She curtsied, smiling with genuine warmth, Thank Ald youre still here. Id worried Her voice cut off as her son and husband joined a moment later.

Darren bowed to nearly split himself in half, Milady, an honor to meet you.

Their boy, tall for the age of six, looked at me with shining eyes, Are you Lady of the Blade? He held the bottom hem of his shirt in both hands, fidgeting with nervousness.

My mood rose to meet the childs, I suppose that I am. Are you Patrey?

He nodded, eyes growing even wider as he turned to Aylee, Lady of the Blade knows my name!

Aylee pulled her boy aside and settled onto the box where the attendant had been, Yes she does. Remember, your momma works with the Princess. Now hush baby, the ceremony is starting. Her husband took the next box over, kneeling with the difficulty of aching joints.

Rising sounds of chanting had begun cutting through the noise of conversation. A line of priest attendants had filed in calling their intonations in unison. They halted in front of the altar. One called out in a high-pitched yell, Aldyor heeds those dedicated! Aldyor provides those Devoted! Aldyor restores those elated! Then the group burst forth with a new chant as one.

Everyones side-chatter began to die so that voices could join the recitation. The Eldest entered from a side door, chanting in time with the others, helping an old man limp toward the altar.

I recognized the man, head council to the town. Brouthe was a well-educated elder that had once lived in the capitol. Some thought of him as the reason Florinth had grown in the last decade, and for that a majority of the people loved him. Now he lay on the altar in tremors, skin pale, with an obviously-broken leg. The priest unwrapped the wound to reveal a ghastly sight of jagged bone jutting through skin. 

The chamber began thrumming with joined voices as they synchronized into rough harmony. Beseech thee Aldyor, hear us, restore us! I added my own voice as a feeling of something greater joined the room. Goosebumps formed on my skin. My fingertips went numb.

Faith had been difficult as Id learned more of history, too many lands worshipping too many strange names. My thoughts wavered from the chant, my voice died in my distraction. The discussion I had with Aylee on old gods returned to the forefront of my mind.

Despite my inattention, something was happening inside the temple. Everyone could see the results, could see the presence. Brouthes chest was heaving, his back arched. The broken leg looked like itd been grabbed by empty air as something twisted it side to side, inspecting. Those two bits of bone began to shift and twist. They melted together and the skin began to knit.

But the councilman wasnt the only one affected. Bodies shook and convulsed throughout the crowd. Some force flowed through them and made slight adjustments. My own head buzzed, thoughts interrupted as if some shuffling hand raked through my brain. Memories and ideas flashed by against my will.

At the altar, something spoke in a voice that cracked like thunder and echoed through the mind, Aldyor?

The people within the temple were shocked into silence. After the mass of sound, the sudden quiet felt eerie.

TunAldyor reached his hands up to the sky, Honor to Aldyor!

Hundreds of voices chanted back, Honor to Aldyor!

A renewed fervor of voices rose in the building, rejoicing. Talk of the miracle was on everyones tongue.

I felt too stunned to speak. It wasnt just that Brouthe had been healed, the main temple in Eyreso did such healings once a month. This time, something had spoken. Something had touched the crowd.

Aylee was speaking excitedly, To have heard the voice of Aldyor, to have felt his presence, we are very blessed! Oh, Milady, thank you for providing this opportunity. Id not have been here if not for the vacation.

A quick glance about the crowd made me feel isolated. Everyone else seemed excited, faces glowing in rapture. I felt cast aside. The aches and pains of my training had no respite while others seemed invigorated.

I looked back to Aylee, hid my disturbance, You are welcome. Had you been to a healing before?

She smiled, Of course, on many occasions! I try to join the Dedicated whenever theyre called. Normally you just see some wounds sealing shut or maybe hear a pop or two as the body sets.

Did Aldyor give you restoration? I asked, thoughtful.

Aylee grinned, Oh my, He did! I feel ten years younger!

Her excitement was catching, and I smiled despite my disquiet, Wonderful! What a beautiful experience. It had been, but itd also been a shock to my system that was too much to take. I suddenly wanted nothing more than to go home. Leaning in close, I gave Aylee a tight hug, I am going back to the castle. Tonight. Please, take tomorrow as vacation as well. Thank you for your advice, and your wisdom.

Milady. She curtsied, eyes shining, You make the hard choice, but the good one. I know youll be stronger for it.

As I left, people were lining up to touch the councilman. All wanted to see the leg that Aldyor healed, to touch the skin that no longer burned with fever.

I didnt breathe easier until Id left the building.


Chapter Six

Returning to the castle made me feel childish, foolish. What kind of woman was I that couldnt see a choice to the end? It was the most difficult thing Id ever done and left me doubting my judgment. My ride home had been dark and quiet and full of a thousand internal arguments. I almost asked Tomas to turn around a hundred times.

Passing back through West Gate I could see the outline of Castle Eyreso. Its drab silhouette had never driven me to inspiration, and I almost loathed it then. It was a block of stone and mortar with twin towers at the two southern corners and hardly a scratch of ornamentation. My eyes rested on the bright signal fires ever burning on the tower tops, two glowing spindly fingers stabbing at the sky. Id always thought they made the castle look like a great horned beast, like Griyaels skull.

But that line of thought led me back to the old gods and my strange experience in the temple. I veered my ideas back to father and my failed retreat. Those were easier mountains to hurdle. I needed to come up with a plan to stall any decision to send me away. I didnt have my heart set on being Queen, but I did want to stay in Galania.

No one greeted me when I returned, and why would they? Only Aylee and mother knew my original intent. To everyone else itd been another outing. I couldnt tell which hurt more, the seeming indifference or my broken conviction.

I woke after a night of fitful sleep, knowing I would have to confront father. The ladys maid from before attended me, and I surely worried her with my mumbled thoughts. She dressed me in a beautiful gown of burgundy, with shimmery black stripes and a flare of cloth that swept from the knees to the floor.

I hardly noticed, only nodding as she displayed a clever weave of black and red braid shed used on my scabbard. My eyes were on the mirror, on the green gaze staring back at me. I watched my features, willing them to smooth and relax; the result was something more like a terracotta mask of impassiveness, rather than the fierce determination I desired. The servant drew a knot of braid matching my scabbard around my waist. Her action drew me back to the moment, Oh, thank you. You have made me lovely.

Then I dismissed her and left my room, retying the knot at my side as I walked. There were even more servants in the hall and each one fanned my frustration. Thoughts of deceit and mistrust fueled a rising irritation. Questioning the guards gradually led me to the library. The ceiling-high shelves made the room dark and full of shadows. Navigating the maze of books and boxes led me to the central study.

Father wore a rather bemused expression as he watched me approach. His eyes flicked to the knot tied on my side and his smirk disappeared, Lyncia, I had not expected you home so soon. Usually you are much more stubborn when you do something drastic.

The heat on my skin matched my flare of anger, Mother told?

Of course, he said, Parents must present a unified front. Turning from me, his gaze settled back to the pages of his book. Making a small mark with a pen, he then placed its bookmark and shut it closed. Now, what are you here for? I assume your presence means you are missing your daily lessons, a waste as you will not dissuade me from the way forward.

Maybe not, but at least tell me your plan. I searched fruitlessly for the words Id chosen from the night before, Tell me what this assessment means to decide.

He wore his crown and formal attire, shimmering purple cape and a gold-flecked tunic of blue. His bearing was wholly that of the king, voice quiet and firm, You make demands, throwing your words like arrows for the heart. Such action is a sure way to your ruin. There is but one way for you to live in peace: Obey. The rest of our Kingdom learned this long ago and I yet marvel at your inability to understand.

So I must give up any struggle? What then? I realized my fists were clenched, palms aching with the pressure of my nails, I am your daughter, and you have taught me not to break, not to bow. I am made in your image.

Oh I know, he said, cool smile on his lips, You have the same fire in you that I had at your age. If you were a boy I would have sent you abroad to carve out new lands. If only your brother had not taken so keenly after Prisclyn.

My eyes narrowed at the admittance, Then change the ways. Sign a paper, make a declaration. None shall rise against your decision.

Simple for you to say, but it shows you pay little attention to history.

I have spent years studying the histories of our land. It has taught me that great changes bring great reward. I set my hand on the hilt of my sword, drawing confidence from the stance, You could urge forward a stronger Galania, you know that I am worthy of the crown.

Yet a key point, he said, approaching me with a frown, Is that Galania does not stand alone. Nalan is a much larger world beyond our borders. Without asking, he reached forward and untied the knot on my side, scooting it back to the center and cinching it at my waist in one motion, Tell me, what prince would settle in our lands to marry you?

I gaped, closed my mouth, and then shook my head wordlessly.

Then you agree, you cannot think of any either. He tied off the braid with half-presentable ornamentation, speaking as to a child, No king, no emperor, would send an heir to a distant land. Could they risk losing the lines claim? No. I think not.

You insult me in your actions, and your words, I was trembling, the feelings inside of me a tumultuous fury, The loss of a daughter is just as much a risk. I am just as worthy to the line, just as irreplaceable.

His eyes widened slightly. Unconsciously he took a step back.

Without thinking Id bared one fist and was gripping the hilt of my blade, knuckles bright. My cheeks were a rich copper with anger, I A deep breath shook through me and I dropped my hands to my side, turned away from father, I will not accept this. If you do not agree to stand with your daughter, then I will have the council stand with me instead.

Humph, he grunted, and walked past me to a wall-mounted cabinet, I suppose you can try, but I doubt you would make a difference. Key in hand, he unlocked the sliding door and pulled it aside. A heavily-pinned map of the continent showed Galania and the kingdom sharing our western border, Look at Larbane. What do you see?

I stepped close, staring, Battle markers. Larbane looks like it is in the middle of a war.

Father shook his head, Not war, a rebellion. They killed their king and have split into a hundred factions. Every day brings a new warlord claiming to rule.

Understanding filled me with fear. My voice sounded strange and distant, You intend to raise the armies

It is a perfect opportunity, he said, rubbing his mustache and scrutinizing the map, We can finally remove their threat. Border raids have plagued the West for centuries. Without unification we can sweep through their countryside with minimal losses.

And that is why you have called Aleasancia?

They get everything past the Jaws of Lars. We extend Saydeens borders past the Winding Lakes. He turned away from the map, But you are to confirm the pact. We need you as a binding that will prevent squabbles and betrayal.

Suddenly my involvement seemed trivial. The wider implications had me horrified, Galania has never started a conflict. You would dishonor a reign of peace!

How would you have us survive? Should we resign ourselves to the slow retreat of our lands? He gestured at the map, We could rid ourselves of a menace! One conflict might grant us generations of peace!

Larbane has not been a menace since long before I was born. I stared at father, You beat them back, why would you open that wound?

He looked tired, jaw set, The land is not static, child. Part of ruling is making hard choices to ensure prosperity. Half of our land belongs to the desert, and our cities expand with each day. This plan benefits our security, and it guarantees rich farmland.

I pressed my hands to my face and took a deep breath, There is surely another way.

There is not! I have done nothing in this lifetime but seek out solutions! His voice rumbled with bitterness. The air felt thick, the room dangerous, You focus on such small things, can only see a single brick where we need a wall.

Let others join you in this search for courses of action, I begged, This seems such a rash action.

His hand waved away my suggestion, It is too late. The decisions are already made. Every duchy comes with word of their pledges. The Northern Kingdoms have joined our cause. 

I will not idly stand by, I said, This cannot happen. 

You have no choice, he said, voice going cold, Go, and do not think to run again. You are obviously in a state of hysteria. The priest attendants will forbid you from leaving. No carriages will carry you out my gates.

You think to send me to my room? I am no child!

Father grabbed my shoulder, You will

I shoved his arm away with a slap of my palm, hitting harder than Id meant. Do not touch me! Tears welled up in frustration and anger.

His face lit up with surprise. The expression darkened in an instant and he swung the back of his hand at my face. It was a graceless blow, empty of thought. I dodged to one side and shoved him away in a rush of anger.

It caught him off guard, and it was ever easy to forget my strength. The king went toppling backward and landed against the maps cabinet. It shuddered and his weight tore away pins and ripped the paper. He fell into a seated position against the wall, looking bewildered with cape wrapped around his torso and crown askew.

I stared, hardly understanding what had happened.

He pushed himself up, fuming, Ald curse you

Fear lanced through me and I took a hesitant step forward, Father, I am sorry

Anger twisted his face into the shape of a stranger, I ought to throw you into your room and lock the door. You have grown wild and disrespectful! He took a step toward me, stopped For a fleeting moment, fear replaced the steel of his gaze. I was armed, and he was not. Father shook his head and stalked away to the side, Enough of this! Guttural growls followed his retreat from the library.

Shocked, I watched him go, speechless. Everything had happened so quickly. Dazed, I walked to the studys table and sat down. My eyes wouldnt focus, the world was blurred.

Fathers book lay on the table. Eventually it caught my attention. All manner of string had been set between different pages. Someone had marked hundreds of places. I opened it to the page marked by the books own ribbon. A small star-shaped mark rested near the end of a sentence:

...ancestors of Larbanian Kings controlled an artifact directing flows of water.

I flipped to another page marked with string, then another. Each of the threads led to several of the marks, each of the sentences mentioning objects of power or fabled locations. What provoked a kings interest in childrens stories? I snapped it shut, stood with indecision, and then decided to carry it back to my room.

Father rounded the corner of a bookshelf and stopped mid-step. He eyed me, face still flush, then glanced at the book. He bared his teeth in a scowl, Hand it to me.

It seemed such a trivial thing, and yet I hesitated. The expression on his face quelled my disobedience. My hands were shaking as he snatched it away.

Narrowed eyes met mine. Then he spun on heel and walked away wordlessly.


Chapter Seven

Wake up, wake up! Milady, its time to prepare for your training!

I hid from the intrusion, pulling blankets over my head with a groan. My dreams had been cryptic, my sleep restless. The day prior had passed too quickly with a thousand strings left hanging. I did not feel rested or ready.

Aylee clucked her tongue, Princess Lyncia, fierce and tireless, hiding from the dawn! It is time to greet the day!

Dawn is an hour away, I grumbled, muffled by the blankets, Let it greet someone else.

She tugged the blankets away from my face and smiled at my half-lidded aggravation, Come now, Ive brought your porridge and tea and Ill brush your hair as you wake. My room was dimly lit with a dozen fresh candles. I always wondered how early she must get up to prepare for me.

The thought of her sacrificed time made me relent to her pestering. Sitting up was a practice in concentrated will, Ugh, okay. You are far too persistent. I should have you replaced with that ladys maid who helped while you were away. She was far more timid.

Mock-outrage sprang on her features, You wouldnt! Im positively insulted! Oh, youve become so insensitive, so cold!

I rolled my eyes, Alright, where is this porridge you promised? I might as well eat if you really are going to keep me awake.

She walked over to my writing desk, stepping carefully so as to avoid a large assortment of crumpled letters and ink-stained blotting paper. Now that I had sat up, Aylee set the tray on my lap, Milady, you have been gathering quite the collection of paper figurines. They appear to multiply every night.

Hmm, so they do, I muttered, eyeing the wasted sheets. Sipping from my tea, I let out a breath of contentment at the drink, Alarmingly I am finding that being diplomatic is rather tedious.

Aylee began tugging the brush down through my hair, quick short strokes to loosen up the purpled black locks. What I find alarming, she replied, Is that this room has become rather messy. The last week has found you scribbling away every evening.

Turning my head away for better brushing, I downed my small meal quickly. The attention on my food left me at the mercy of a lecture.

Now I understand you wanting to keep your personal matters quiet, but you havent said a word about whats bothering you since I got back. She yanked, probably purposely, on a tangle, I havent thought it would be polite to pry, but this furious brooding youre doing cant be healthy. Of course, judging from the grim glares of your father makes him seem the culprit. Are you sure theres nothing you want to tell me? Im all ears.

I pushed the bowl away, resting my hands around the warmth of the teacup, Aylee, you are sweet, but this is a matter of family. Thank you, all the same.

Her brushing stopped at that. She set down the ivory-handled brush on the nightstand and let out a sigh, Ald, strengthen me. Aylee sat on the bed in front of me, legs dangling over the side, You know I once thought youd tell me anything that passed tween your ears. Have we lost that, milady?

No I said, hesitating, looking away, I have a lot to consider, and you have seemed so happy since your vacation.

A soft smile lit her face, It was good to get away from the castle for a change of pace. I was able to enjoy some time with Darren, especially so as his joints had limbered after the healing. Her expression brightened with spots of red and she hurried past a thought, And Patrey was so excited to have finally met you. You know how the children love tales of your youth.

It embarrasses me so, I said, but a grin had touched my lips, Mummers have embellished my life so that I hardly know my own deeds.

Aylee smiled broadly, Ah, there you are. Its good to see you finally rise above your gloom.

The statement drew the amusement from me and I glanced away, picking at the underside of my nails. I forced out a long sigh, then began, I accidentally shoved father into a wall and knocked him over during a fight.

What!? Milady, no

And, I may have hit his arm away a smidge harder than was proper

Her face fell, Oh Ald, I know the two of you fight, but this sounds serious!

I glanced up, In my defense, I think he was going to slap me.

The expression on her face swept into a scowl, Oh, that She cut herself off, then let out a snort, That, man! Ald bless the king, but you are his daughter! Aylee tucked a hand under her right arm, rubbing at her temple with the other, Has your mother said anything?

She has been keeping to her chambers again, my voice strained, That is how it always goes, she retreats to avoid the conflict.

Well no wonder youve been so frustrated! Aylee hopped off the bed, continued rubbing her temple, And all of these papers? Are you writing to the king?

No, I murmured, voice quiet with a sudden wave of uncertainty, I am courting the council for favors. Restlessness welled up within me and I got up as well, walked toward my dressing screens, I should get ready for training.

Aylee spoke from the other side, and I heard her gathering up my crumpled letters, Well, you shouldnt very well leave these lying about. What if someone nosy came snooping through your room?

That is a very good point, I said, slipping out of my nightdress, You and I are the only ones ever in my room, but caution is never wasted. I suppose caution has not been my strong suit. I pulled on tights and a belted dress for my sparring, I almost had a guard deliver my first letter. A copy would likely have reached father. Deception hardly seems to suit me.

This is a dangerous turn of events, milady. Her voice sounded worried, You know history better than I. Remember the lessons of King Tylin and his ancestors.

I shook my head, walking out to sit on the small bench beside my vanity table, Unruly young ladies are no longer exiled. Now they are just married. Besides, I have argued with father a thousand times. We always see eye to eye in the end.

Aylee kneeled down to help lace my boots, That may be true, but important things are happening. Ive heard that baronies are pledging support from across Galania. A wealth of gifts have been delivered to the castle as their promise. The Voice of Aleasancia arrived just last night. All of our west wing is filled from his retinue.

That news struck me like a thunderclap, Oh no, that means I have run out of time!

She glanced up, tying off my second boot, What do you mean youre out of time? Its barely daybreak.

I started unlacing the footwear, No, but you do not understand. With Aleasancia present, father will call the first council of assessments. He will cater to them.

Her eyes met mine for a prolonged moment. She stood up and hurried for the door, I will draw a bath.

The understanding in her actions made me grin though a nervousness rattled through my veins. I would have to skip my practice battles with Jacob, but a real battle might very well take place with council. 

Fathers maxim had always been that I speak only when spoken to; only then would I be allowed a presence in the hall. Providing feedback, clarifying an idea, even returning an argument was fine as long as someone else asked it of me. Otherwise I was to bring up my grievances to the King in private.

It had been wonderful practice toward making me patient and controlling my temper. Now I needed to direct the ire of years past into something daring.

In record time Aylee had the servants draw my bath. Then I sent her away to deliver a final message that Id hastily finished. It would read rather brisk for polite interaction, but was the best I could do under the circumstances.

Aylee returned to help me dress, choosing an outfit specially designed with my familys colors. It was a bright, flawless white dress that made my upper-body formless, hugged my hips, and then narrowed down so that I could barely take a complete stride. It bore a high choker-collar of gold that covered my throat with stiff rigid cloth. A stripe of the same shimmering cloth cut down the center of my front, a beautiful rich color that broke my form in two. The golden crown of Eyreso was embroidered in shimmering thread on each shoulder.

Pinning up my hair carefully, Aylees deft fingers moved quick with practice. As a final touch she slid in the circlet of my station, a thin gold band that shone against the dark locks. Her smile widened, You look resplendent, milady.

I made a solemn nod, Thanks to you. I only hope that my letters have been enough.

A hint of concern furrowed her brow, Milady Do be careful, please. Rulers can be touchy when their power is challenged, and most rulers arent your father.

Then we slipped the sword around my waist, her help more important as the dress greatly restricted my mobility. It was left unadorned this time, the white leather and golden hilt a good match.

Alright, I said, Please go to the kitchens and ask for a good barrel of Spirits. Have them bring it to the council chambers. I hope to put the men at ease. There will no doubt be hurt feelings on what I have proposed.

Aylee curtseyed, Good luck. She hurried out the door and I was not far behind.

Jacob stood outside my door as I left into the hall. He had one arm raised as if to knock, Oh He bowed, low and formal. My state of dress declared the tone of conversation, Milady, forgive me. I had thought to check for todays classes.

No need to apologize, I said, smiling, I am sorry to say I must miss your instruction. There are boring matters of politics at hand.

More boring than my classes? He asked, unable to rein in his humor, Havent you used my tutelage as an excuse to escape some of those dry meetings?

Light laughter eased my nervousness, Well, not this time. I fear the need for my presence outweighs readings of Philosophy of the Direct and Indirect Strategies Related to Conflict. I made my voice dry and toneless at the books title, then grinned, I know, it must shock you dearly.

Jake sighed dramatically, Yes, I may need a walk about the grounds to calm my nerves. He bowed again, But, do not let me hold you any further. I hope your meetings fair well.

I gave a gracious nod, Thank you, then walked away. Oddly enough, I was suddenly feeling much better about the councils meeting.


Chapter Eight

The chamber was stuffy and warm, councilmen shifting with boredom and unease. They peered at one-another across the room, definite delineations of support shown in the arrangement of their bodies. There appeared to be three separate groups, large gaps between each as if none sought to chance a question of their patronage.

The room was as tall as the buildings rooftop. Small round stained-glass windows filled the ceiling in a pattern of concentric circles, hundreds of little portals of different colors. It made the rooms light an ever-shifting pattern dependent on the suns travels.

Father was late, but that was nothing unusual. Many of the councils deliberations took place without his presence, but an assessment would require his oversight and direction. Treaties were oft referenced but rarely changed or broken. The decisions that would take place might alter the course of Galania for generations.

One of the councilmen leaned close to me and whispered in my ear, Many thanks for the spirits, milady. It was a good thought, for we may be in this hall for quite a spell. Some of the men have rested here for nearly an hour already.

I nodded to the elderly man, bald and holding a glass in hand, You are much welcome Elan, I am glad to see that others are enjoying the drink. We both directed our gaze to the barrel. Men from every group of the chambers were getting a glass. It gave me hope to know that none were outwardly hostile toward my intentions.

The barrel sat to the rear of the room on the topmost level of seats, one of many tiers of benches circling around as part of a single spiraling walkway. A person could walk through the huge double-doors and follow a path that led gradually to the top. It had the design of a meditation labyrinth with only a single set of stairs opposite the entrance. Either you shared the thin stairway with others of the council or you would be forced to keep to the ramp.

Councilmen passed each other along the stair and made polite conversation even among different groups. Elan whispered to me again, I understand a second group that opposes standing against your father, but what of the third group? Do you suppose they are neutral on the matter?

Neutral, or waiting to see which way the wind blows. I wrote to most of the men sitting together beside us, but some with my letters are now sitting in that third group. I would not blame them if they disavow knowledge of my request.

Elan shrugged, Perhaps, but I would have thought theyd choose the oppositions side. A third party needlessly complicates these matters.

I gave a silent chuckle, Not all see the world as black and white. Shades of gray do exist my friend. You are spoiled by your matters of trade. You can judge decisions entirely on whether or not it will create profit.

The double doors of the chamber opened wide and two teams of guards marched into the room. The first were Castle Eyresos men, the second bore the blue and gray of Aleasancia. Both lined the walkway to the dais to make a hallway of guardsmen. It was time to begin.

Father and the Voice entered without announcement or fanfare, though the committee stood as one in deference. The two rulers had their heads turned close, a quiet conversation animated by their hands and expressions. Both seemed passionate on their discourse. Neither paid any heed to the council, or me.

They reached the dais and stood center to the room. Alds hand was palm up below them as if holding them on the raised platform. The hall was designed to project voices from that point and that trait picked up some of their murmurs and carried jumbled sounds beyond comprehension. The Voice raised his hand and made an emphatic point, then my father shook his head, looking annoyed. In the carried whispers of their discussion, I heard one thing with clarity, Lyncia

I am here, father. Perhaps I could assist in some matter relating to my name.

Both of the rulers looked up, mouths snapping shut and lips tightening. Father narrowed his eyes, You were not invited to this discussion, daughter.

The volume of the room rose like a gradual avalanche. Members of the council leaned close to one another in quiet consideration of their positions. Those closest to me remained silent, almost ignoring my presence in their discomfort. I hoped they would keep to their word.

I did not think I needed to be invited for every meeting. I kept my own head high and back straight, thankful that my voice remained steady while my nerves danced, I have attended many council gatherings without a direct request. It seems natural that I would be present for an assessment that affects my future. It was the boldest Id ever been toward father in public, a small enough statement that resounded with meaning.

He pinched the bridge of his nose, voice soft as he spoke. The dais projected the voice nonetheless, made it a breath of power, You have nothing to contribute to this affair except distraction. Please attend to your teachings.

Aleasancias Voice put a hand on my fathers shoulder, Oh, please do let her stay. His voice was a musical high-pitch, breathy, I would hear from the woman that would wed my son. She shows herself to be well-beyond beauty, now what of her mind? He was a brick-red man of muscle and height, bare of any hair and wide of features. Stylized suns were tattooed on his face and the backs of his hands.

I struggled to keep shock from leaving my mouth hanging wide. Controlling my face led to gritted teeth and a forced smile. Breathe, I just needed to breathe and calm myself, Thank you, sire. I made a low curtsey, struggling against the constraining dress.

The King peered at me with a blank face, considering, then glanced around the hall. He waved a hand to his side, Then sit, everyone. We shall begin our proceedings. We gather today to provide for an initial planning discussion on actions against Larbane. He met my eyes, The course of action was already voted with majority in favor, so this will primarily be used to acquaint the body with division of duties between Galania and his honors Aleasancia.

Everyone sat except for me. I continued standing, defiant. My palms felt damp, my skin warm, Actually, in accordance with council policy, opening remarks must allow for objection to prior matters.

Fathers jaw twitched, I suppose you have an objection you wish to raise?

I nodded, gesturing to the dais, I do. Shall I approach the platform to speak? 

He shook his head, voice dripping with aggravation, Just get on with your grievance.

I call into question I started, felt my body tremble, and then forced myself to continue, I question the councils agreement on hostile action against Larbane. I humbly request that the members of this hall reconsider their vote.

The Voice whispered to my father, but the sound carried from their platform, Your assurances suddenly seem weak.

It is of no consequence, said Jonath, his gaze locked to mine, speaking to the ruler and audience as one, A reconsideration of the vote will take place, but the outcome will not change. He broke his stare finally, turning to address the council. His eyes narrowed as he came to understand the division of groups, the barrel of spirits, Stand now for those who support our requirement to control the western lands. Remember, we take this course of action in the name of peace, prosperity, and providence.

I sat down quickly, cursing my father for the change in process. He forced me to react, always so clever to leverage control. My eyes darted about the room to tally support.

Gradually, my heart began to sink. The vote was close, too close to know the results at a glance. Everyone at my side sat with me, opposing the decision. The larger of the other two groups were standing, many looking at me with discreet and nervous glances. Only the third group stood without cohesion, peppered with differing opinions.

Of those standing, said father, One of you shall count the vote. Of those sitting, you too will make your own record. He peered back to me, This is such a dramatic shift compared to our first vote. I would not have expected so many minds to sway.

The Voice tittered, Apparently the Princess has something of her own in the way of influence. How displeased you must be. Doubtless she would be quite a chore for my Regala to control.

Two members of the council approached the central dais. They stepped onto the platform once beckoned. The first spoke, 38 in favor, 39 opposed. An identical answer came from the second. Again, the hall buzzed in a cascade of noise.

Father raised his hand high above his head, then closed his fist dramatically. The room went quiet. My chest ached with a pounding heart. He spoke calmly, not at all aggrieved, Those of the council know the rules. Only members of this committee may vote. Did the count include my daughter?

The two councilmen looked abashed. One cleared his throat, paused, spoke nervously, 38 in favor 38 opposed.

Understandable, said the king, soft smile on his features, Her presence has become so regular in the hall, it can be easy to confuse her purpose. Though, I do hope you did include myself and the Voice of Aleasancia in the vote. We too were standing.

Both councilmen at the center glanced at one another, skin glowing a brighter red. They seemed suddenly indecisive and frightened. One shook his head in a faint motion, the other spoke, Sire but

Father frowned, Surely you would count our ally in this great decision? His kingdom has as much at stake in the process and eventual outcome.

39 in favor The mans voice was weak and broken, 38 opposed.

I stood, outraged, Badly schemed father! Members of this council, do not accept this vote! It has been made without honor!

Everyone began to speak at once. Arguments between the councilmen ran into one another in a clamorous cacophony.

Aleasancias Voice quirked his eyebrows, patting the king on his back, Well done, friend. Though, I do say I am seriously questioning her suitability in my halls.

Guardsmen, said father, ignoring the rooms chaos of voices, Please escort the Princess to her room. She has come down with a sudden fit of hysterics.

They approached me carefully, warily. None in the hall spoke against the Kings decision. None spoke against the malignant vote.

Defeat punched through me, but I would not let myself be dragged away. Head held high, I walked past the guards and down toward the two rulers. They were conversing in low tones once more, my fathers forehead was wrinkled while the Voice looked amused. I stepped onto the platform, Father, this will not end here. I will invoke Aldyors decision in the temple.

Both looked at me critically, and now both seemed equally annoyed at my interruption. It seemed unlikely that the Voice would continue singing my praises. The King growled at me, Since when have you been strong with belief? Cease your attempts of distraction. Leave us, you have already been dismissed.

I glared, turning away and walking for the double-doors. The guardsmen trailed behind, unneeded escorts. I wanted nothing more to do with that room, it was full of bad air and weak wills.


Chapter Nine

I woke in the night with a scream in my throat. A cloth gag bit into my mouth. Blankets held me down as someones knees pinned them to my sides. Someone that was in my room. Someone that was attacking me. Tears of panic pooled in my eyes. I struggled, pushing and twisting to no avail.

My assailant tightened the gag and it bit into my skin, pulling painfully at my cheeks. I felt a knot tied at the side of my head, an awkward uncomfortable lump that tugged strands of hair to the point of tearing them out. Another strip of cloth was wound around my mouth that covered my nose and chin, thick material that muffled sound and made it hard to breathe.

Again I tried to scream, tried to buck the weight away. It didnt work, I couldnt escape. My breathing quickened and the entirety of my body burned with dread and terror.

A rough-hewn sack was pulled over my head. I felt its hem dig into my throat as its ties were tightened and fastened around my neck. The attackers weight shifted and I tried to roll away. The hands grabbed at my shoulders and I felt a quick kick batter my hip in the process of sweeping back the covers.

I was spun around onto my belly and my arms were jerked back behind me. Rope burned against my wrists as the assailant bound my hands, quelling attempts to pull them away with a painful tug upward that nearly wrenched a shoulder.

More rope wound around my ankles and I managed a heavy kick to the attackers side that made them stumble backward in a soundless rush of breath. I rolled away and crashed off of the bed, scrunched up onto my knees, then stood carefully amidst a wave of nausea. Blind and confused, I took an uncertain step forward.

Then I was tackled facedown to the floor of my room, breath and senses equally obliterated. My face was pressed hard into the carpet as the aggressor sat on my shoulders and pulled my ankles to a muscular chest. The painful contortion was made worse as the man clenched his knees around my legs to keep me still. Binding my ankles, the pressure let up as he stood and moved away.

Soft footsteps brushed against the carpets. A sharp click came from an unknown direction. I pushed and twisted against my bonds, heard my muffled voice struggling against the gag.

The man lifted me with a voiceless grunt, practically tossing me onto his shoulder. A thick arm wrapped around my waist and pinned me in place. He walked, paused, and we were suddenly in a cooler area that smelled of must and mildew. The man twisted and the same sharp click sounded, closer and more immediate. A door closed with a soft scrape.

We descended a spiral staircase, all the while my mind filling with panic and shock and worry. I didnt know what to do so I kept struggling, kept wriggling against the press of rope and fear.

It couldve been a thousand steps. It couldve been forty. I found myself unable to concentrate and began focusing on my breathing. Calm, I sought calm.

Any notion of control fled me as I was dropped cruelly onto a stone floor. Pain rocked through me as gravel and bits of rock tore into my skin. Warm blood trickled through my hair and bright lights shot through my minds eye. The ground was freezing and damp, the air cold and earthy. Footsteps began to recede from my place on the floor. Then they shuffled to a stop.

I suppose I should say goodbye. Fathers voice. This really is a waste, but you have proven you cannot be used except as pawn to my enemies. You have no idea what you set off with that insolent counter-vote. They would have you rally a coup against me, mob of ignorance with you at the center.

A long exhalation of breath, Exile will not work either, not with the tension from the West. They would drag you, willing or not, back against me. You pose a greater risk alive than I had thought, and too much rides on the coming weeks.

Silence. A single footstep. A hesitant voice, What a cruel joke that my daughter would be so capable. It will matter little to you, but this is for the good of Galania. I swear it. You know nothing of contracts far more ancient than any treaty.

I screamed, shouted, and filled my lungs with all the strength and fury I could muster. All that came out was a muffled moan and I felt pitiful and powerless. In my mind there was a sonorous howl. Family was suddenly an empty word.

A sigh. Noise of his steps faded away as I lay there in the darkness.

Aches and pains and anger filled me. I felt lost in a timeless nothingness, darkness and betrayal and fresh wounds my only companions. Scrapes and bruises covered me as I attempted to move and escape. The roped felt as if it tightened with each shift of motion yet still I rolled and shook. Consciousness escaped me on several occasions though I burned with thought and emotion.

Then sleep came as well, a fitful dreamless restless period without knowing. All the versions of darkness blended into one another. I felt weak. My muscles were bunched up in knots and cramps.

Voices. Eventually, voices. Three men.

The first, They said itd be this way, yeah. Just down the tunnel till the fork, then keep right through the rest.

I tried to shout, to make any sound. My throat was dry and raw.

Oh hey, came a second, There it is, I think.

Ah raise that lantern now, lets have a see, said a third, Could be an old beggar died down taking a crap.

Feebly I twisted, rolled halfway over but couldnt manage a full turn. Everything felt so difficult.

Alds balls, jekkin thing is alive. The initial voice sounded like hed been scalded, I hate when theyre alive.

No worries, said the third, Dispose means dispose. Just another step.

Aw jekk, and its a girl! Second whined, Dont need nothing like that tempting me.

Haw, joked the first, You know the gods dont like none of that. You keep your bits away from hers, or I hear you get struck down on the spot.

Four hands picked me up, rough and uncaring, resting me on their shoulders like carrying a log. They smelled of urine and sweat and rotsmoke. An attempt to twist away caused them to clench steely fingers.

The second voice spoke as they walked down a cold and echoing chamber, Its no joke, had a pal that tried a go with a woman without her wanting any. He died as I watched. Was lookout, but cant no lookout protect against a curse of the higher powers.

The third made a snort, Jekking bastards, all sorts of power and they use it to stop a bit of fun. Still, if you found the right lady, could be worth dying for a good go.

Quiet now, whispered the first, Tunnel veers off to some of the temples catacombs here. Priests is down there at times.

The men went quiet and continued their journey. A dim idea of struggle slipped through my mind, but my body hardly seemed to obey. The darkness felt quiet and safe, fighting a concept of danger and difficulty.

Eventually edges of light glimmered through patches of the loosely woven sack. I breathed in a sudden wheeze of elation. I could still see.

My body hit a wooden platform as I was tossed from the shoulders in a heave. I felt walls at my feet and near my head. A wagon. Then a weight piled over me. Sacks, canvas bags full of beans of some kind. They smothered me and hid even the glimmer of light.

We rode and I heard sounds of the city. I forced air from between my lips but there was no noise. All of me felt numb.

The darkness and the weight of the beans led me to periods of unconsciousness. Only the jostling motion of the wagon let me know when I was asleep versus awake. The darkness did not change. My dreams were of imprisonment in more inky blackness.

Noises of the city were gone after a time. The wagon was still moving and I could hear the men talking once more.

All Im saying, said the first, Is that we should at least get a good look. Shes in nothing but a nightgown. The thought burns me something fierce.

The second sounded adamant, And risk something falling off or being broken? Not worth it. Gods is a weird lot! Taking pleasure of any kind makes them mighty angry. My friend Danil attacked a girl in the alleys once and his knob fell right off! I swear it!

Aw shut up, broke in the third, Lets just get this done, Im sick of hearing you bickering ninnies.

Lurching to a stop, the wagons load shifted. The beans pressed into me, suffocating. Gradually they lightened. Flickers of light filtered through the bag. One of the men grabbed my ankle, tugged on it without thought. I felt my joints and tendons stretch painfully, felt the muscle burn at the sudden tension.

I fell from the back of the wagon onto dirt and rock. The impact made me cough into my gag, made me twist into myself and nearly black out yet again. A deep pain pulsed from my elbow and it felt wrong, disconnected and loose.

Into the field. You can start digging a hole. The first one gave the direction, seemed to be in charge.

One of them pulled, grabbing at the rope around my wrists and dragging me. Rock and twigs and dirt scraped along my underside. The sound of a shovel hitting dirt filled me with an understanding I hadnt accepted. My body burned with pain and tight muscles but I tried to curl up, tried to squirm away.

A rough hand slid alongside the back of my neck, gritty and covered in scrapes. The man grabbed my hair, yanked it tight with a fist. My scalp was on fire. The sound of a blade sawing through the taut strands accompanied pinpricks of pain as other hairs were yanked away.

Whelp, said the second, Gave her a nice cut, look how long that is! Should'a been a barber. What else did they want?

First man sounded unsure, The left pinky?

The knife pressed to my throat, just under the edge of the sack. Its metal was cold and it scraped skin rubbed raw by the burlap. I thought it was the right pinky, said the third voice, Do you think theyd be able to tell?

Pah, said second, Like it matters. Take both! Shell not need them and they aint gonna come looking for the body.

Hold her down so she dont wiggle about, said the first, That makes it so difficult. Ill do her in to keep this simple; not gonna risk untying them hands.

Hands clenched around my ankles, the third whining, I swear it was the right.

Panic coursed through me. I was shaking, straining to do anything. I had to.

Metal sliced into my skin. It bit through my windpipe, through my muscle, incredibly sharp. Searing agony was all that was and all that would ever be. The heat of blood poured down the front of my body. I felt myself convulsing. Consciousness slipped away. Warmth slipped away.

Light.

Memory.

Pain.

Darkness.


Chapter Ten

Darkness.

The void was nothing and everything.

Pain.

Tangled bands of distress wound through the void. Sharp lattices of icy touch tore through nothingness and pulled.

Memory.

Bursts of what had been were heavy blows of energy that careened wildly. Warped space bent the nothing into touches of the past.

I rubbed at my eyes with the back of my hand, making the irritation worse. Tarnus wore a dark leather scabbard at his hip, the accompanying sword in his hands. It was his gift though the day celebrated my eighth year, though he wouldnt turn six for several months. The welt on my leg was getting darker. It would bruise.

Brother bore a pleased smirk, Take me to the towers!

I shook my head, staying seated on the ground, We are not allowed up there. You know that!

Youve been! I saw you go! His petulance grated, Take me! The little scrunched up face of attempted anger shouldve looked ridiculous. Instead it was terrifying. He waggled the miniature blade, clueless on its use.

You have a mean heart, I spat, wanting to be wicked, too young to know how, You are just like father.

He beamed, Good! Papas bold and strong! At last he sheathed his little toy sword, bored that I wasnt getting up. Tarnus plodded forward, a graceless child, Take me!

Mother swept into the room, picked me up, kissed my damp cheeks, Shh, shh. Lyncia. The nursemaid followed close behind, grabbed up my brother and hugged him carefully. The embrace kept him from going into one of his wild outbursts of swinging fists.

Recollection broke apart, then hammered the murk into something new.

I skipped into the royal bedchambers, heart happy and light. Aylee had sent me with the promise of a gift. Her voice had sounded cautious.

Lyncia, said mother, body relaxed on her chaise longue, Come here, daughter. She was covered with a blanket though the weather seemed far too warm. A thin scrape ran along her cheek. Her makeup was exceptionally thick and almost covered up the scratch.

Are you okay, mother? Her shoulders were hunched up and head low.

She made a faint smile, I am fine. I have a present for you. A nod directed me to look to the rooms table. On the tabletop was a small blade in a white leather scabbard.

My eyes were shining, For me!? I rushed over and picked it up, It is so small!

Mothers smile touched her eyes, We can ensure a larger one is crafted as you grow. You have been so adamant to learn. Tarnus has not been attending his lessons, so why let them go to waste?

I blushed a little thinking of my insistence. The sword felt heavy and confusion made me balk, Thank you But I wont be nine for weeks.

Worry not, my sweet, her voice soft and distant, Think of it as a bargain to beckon your cooperation. It was your fathers idea.

The insight almost made me put the blade back. Father never gave anything freely.

He had been standing in the depths of the room, leaning against a bedpost. He watched me hang the scabbard at my waist with a glower, There is one condition. There will be no more of your tempestuous attacks on the courts guests.

I crossed my arms, chewing on my tongue, They had sticks too. We were just playing swords.

His voice shoved a blade in the arguments heart, No more. You will only practice with the trainer or I shall lock you up to prevent your disruptions.

Creeping vines of space split the view. All began to crumble like a toppling wall of brick. Another moment swirled forth.

Mother, what happened?

She looked up with eyes ringed in weariness. Stark shadows from the rooms fire filled her eyes with darkness. For the first time I thought of her as old. Daesa got too close to the stairs. These things happen, she murmured, Your little sister rests with the elders now. It is a lovely place of cool summers and rolling hills.

Father placed a calming hand on her shoulder and she nuzzled into his forearm. His voice was a breathy sigh, Poor girl, she ran before learning to walk.

Tarnus sat in the corner of the room, facing the window and staring out into the night, I never want to die. It is so bleak. She was only three.

Shreds of the memory fell away, piece by piece. Slowly, a glowing hollow in space filled with new color, a rainy day.

Tarnus grinned at the cloudy sky, Good, that should keep the grime. I was beginning to think our summers would be nothing but dust storms. The winds kept so dry I thought it would never rain.

You head off for the coast, for a new adventure, and here you are talking about the weather? Ald, but you are boring.

My comment did nothing to diminish his smile, You think everything is boring. I just agreed to go because maybe then I will be more interesting to you.

We shared a roll of our eyes, That might just work Oh Tarnie. I wrapped my arms around brother, hugging him tight, I will miss you.

He let out a wheezing laugh, Lyncia, you are crushing me. When did you become so strong? Tarnus wriggled away from the embrace, a thin boy of twelve without any hints of manhood. He brushed wrinkles and dampness from his rich golden cloak. The sky paid no heed to his attempts to stay dry.

You would be even stronger if you did not spend all your days stuck in books. I managed a melancholy smile, At least now you will surely grow tall and strapping. The Waters of Wings are a dangerous schoolroom, but the teachers will ensure you succeed.

Oh? He scratched the side of his nose, Because I am the prince?

Yes, and they would never upset father. We walked toward his carriage, You will come back with their medals on your chest.

That, said Tarnus, Is why people think you are callous.

I raised my brows, Is it callous to be truthful?

He smirked, No, but you are a duplicate of the King. You know exactly what to say that might dissolve any sense of self-worth in a person.

Obliteration. Everything decayed in a bloom of mold and rot. Edges of the vision turned to crisp as if burned away. Slow ignitions of flame solidified into new images, new shapes.

Father burst through the door of my room, That was inexcusable! Do you think yourself amusing? Are you to be the new court mummer!?

My face contorted with my shout, I left the hall to escape your bleating antagonism! You have made a mockery of my efforts!

He rumbled like the sands when they rose up and made the sky red. His words stung like the blasts of grit, You are a mockery! You think to address the council at the table, throwing aside ritual and tradition? You subvert my advisors against me?

You will not let me have any other way! I gritted my teeth, sucked in a breath through the clenched jaw, I see things that must be done and yet you give me no voice!

Father rubbed his temples, turning away with a long sigh. The room was quiet. We both stood as if rigid puppets. I stared at his back, boring a hole into his spine.

As he turned his features were more relaxed, his hands clasped at his waist, Join me in the council hall. From now on.

Confusion made me balk. Hesitantly, I queried, Really? I can attend the meetings?

He tilted his head to one side, Yes, but there are conditions.

I fought from rolling my eyes, Of course.

You will not speak unless spoken to, and any of your ideas must be heard as mine. You are to be the voice to support the right policies and soothe arguments.

But, I started, feeling the anger reignite.

This is not a bargaining session. This is the way forward.

Edges of black crept in at the corners of the world. Then the visions of past moments receded completely into the sterile nothing.

Light.

Red glimmering leaves filled my vision. Hints and peeks of a world beyond were showing through gaps in the foliage.

Above. Clouds and a deep blue sky. The great figure of a Song Swan winged its way higher. Higher. Below. A field of tall rahn stalks grew for nourishment of Nalans people, green tendrils unrolled and reaching to enjoy the sun. My vantage point swarmed forward. Less of the leaves blocked my view. Small figures rushed toward a road. A shovel lay discarded next to a shallow hole hastily filled.

Armored men rode down a wide strip of crushed rock the Dansali called Trades Road. That was the main route merchants used, quick-tempered people with large caravans of goods. A small wagon sat beside the road with a load of burlap bags. Beans. Somehow I knew there were beans in those bags.

The patrol neared the wagon just as three men reached its side. The patrolmen peered down from their mounts, laikars, scaly creatures faster than a horse with six legs. One of Ki-Kah-Lahs creations in its image. The Dansali arms-men questioned the other three at the side of the road.

My vision shifted and all I could see was the field. The shovel. The pitiful little hole was somehow incredibly sad. Why was a hole in the ground sad? I felt no connection to that place, to that time. Yet, something drew me back to one point rather than the many.

And then time stretched. Pain lanced through my soul. It wasnt physical, somehow greater and worse and yet completely nonexistent. I lost focus. The world blurred. Three figures stepped out into creation. One of red skin, one of green skin, and one of purple kneeled before me, Creators.

Mountains rose up around the three and the new beings divided and multiplied. The red people burrowed into the earth. The greens dove into the oceans. The purple were consumed by fire. Eight unearthly figures watched from afar, standing in a semicircle and pressing their hands to the chest of a ninth that existed but had no physical presence. Skies flashed with lightning and clouds streamed by. Nalan formed into something grand and wonderful. Two moons crawled across the stars, and then one disappeared as the planet shook with violence and fury. Light broke into a shattered web of rainbow and then darkness filled all.

The pain returned. The darkness cracked. Still I felt searing agony.

My feet twitched, toes curling. Suddenly the injury was in my body. I had a body? I had a body.

Dim, blurry vision showed me a thick weave of roots. Some were as thick as my arm, some thicker still. They were wrapped about my body too tight for me to breathe, yet I had no breath for there to be worry. Leaves rustled in the breeze. They whispered above where the canopy of a great tree filled half the sky. Stars and a single moon pierced the purple canvas with their light.

Second moon millennia apart. Sometime.

Who?

A figure sat on more roots. It was made of roots, had arms and legs, but was a tree. No, it was a man. No, it was nothing: a creature of two arms and two legs and no head. It sat with one foot hooked atop the knee of the other. Somehow it looked curious. It grew itself closer, staring without eyes.

Pain. Lancing fires burned through my limbs.

Darkness, but awareness. I began to breathe.

The figure was closer now, leaning forward with hands resting on its knees. The hands seemed to be growing into the legs. It wasnt bark, but it wasnt skin. It was a rough textured material of whitish-pink and slashes of red. The form breathed and swelled from moment to moment. Hints of multicolored light pulsed beneath breaks in the exterior.

I opened my mouth, heard a hiss of breath.

The being reached out, its hand detached from where it had rested in a snap like crackling twigs. Fingertips were left on the knee while new digits shaped themselves from the torn stump. Its new hand brushed against my lips.

Voice returned to me. Sound wailed out of my body. A scream. I was screaming. I cried out a piercing howl. I didnt know why, didnt know what I lamented.

Broken? Not fix? I return makes all Dansalian whole? Its voice was not of the air, but of the earth.

I felt the voice vibrating through me. Recognized it. Memory didnt obey, not at first.

It reached out and torment grabbed me. My body convulsed. My vision went dark, then green, to colors unknown, and then white nothingness.

Everything returned in a rush and I glanced around with a wince. Daylight filtered into the earthen surroundings. The roots were no longer tightened around my body. Slowly, carefully, I pulled myself out from their twisted form. Moving at all left me weary and dizzy. Glancing down, my nightdress was torn and dirty, mere rags that did little to aid in decency.

The being watched me, Now together? Go and leave?

The voice touched a memory from my last visit to the temple. My words cracked, You Ald?

Its shoulders twisted, hands clapping together and fusing, then breaking apart in a shower of splinters, Ald?

Are you Aldyor? I asked, confused and having trouble focusing on any one thought.

The sense of NO surrounded the creature. Its shoulders shook as if in laughter, Gri-Yan-Thea, I. A sudden explosion of green covered its body with a thousand leaves and petals and growing things.

I have not heard of you. Every breath took recovery, Old God?

God? GOD? It sounded confused. The green growth faded. It cupped its hands together, then spread them apart to reveal a small flower with petals shaped like my face. They were even the same color, light-red like pale bricks. The little thing sprouted a pair of vines and hopped down to the earth.

I watched as it sprinted up the nearly vertical wall of the pit and I suddenly knew where I was. My voice was soft and reverent, The Elder Tree

The being, Gri-Yan-Thea, poked a thumb to its chest, Eyes. It spread its hands to the sky.

Looking up, my mind whirled, They tried to kill me.

Death did belong. Happened. Lost, now Not.

Dust motes gathered with a sudden flare of light. A second shape coalesced from the air. The being that stood next to the other was almost human, shaped the same but smooth and featureless and gray like slate. It gave the impression of laughing, Died, died, died. You had a horrible death, yes yes. Cut your throat and ran away. Left to feed the plants. The thing had a voice like crackling branches in a furious fire.

Gri-Yan-Thea shooed the figure away like one would a fly. The other creature exploded into a swarm of dust, shifted, reformed.

It retook its shape with new color, blue, Jekking, jekking, jekking! Disrespect the gift we get? Misinterpret my alliance? She is mine!

The two beings stared at each other and the ground beneath us rumbled. Then the tree-like beast let out a noise that matched the quaking ground, Fine. I leave. Koyn-Eer-Eah nyerk!

Confusion. Everything was bewildering. My mind had trouble doing more than replaying my last moments before before whatever it was that had happened. I need to get back to the castle, I whispered. I felt fear clutch at my heart, Father

Boredom and disgust oozed from the blue creature, the god, the whatever, Simple, simple, simpleton! So eager to return? So eager to forget your debt? Interesting enough in the temple, silly temple. Silly people forgetful people. You had a shadow of memory. Curious curious.

I looked to the being but could not understand, could not herd my thoughts, I do not know what you mean! If you have helped me thank you! But... I am lost.

It began melting apart, breaking into the motes of light and nothing, Me, me, me! I will be your finder. The swarm surged forward, surrounded me. Then it flooded into my nostrils and ears, into my eyes, under my skin. Every ounce of me felt as if a thousand ants marched through my veins. All went still.

Tears slipped down my cheeks and I rubbed them away. The dim floor of the pit was empty and silent. Grime covered my arms. Dirt was caked onto my skin in a thousand places. Above me, the Elder Tree floated and the day was quiet. I could hear nothing but the faint creak of roots being pulled by the wind.

The creatures already seemed imagined, as if distant memories that were blurred and futzed. Something about the memory was unpleasant. I fervently felt a need to get far away. I walked unsteadily to the wall of the pit, circled around the twisting roots at its center. Finally I found one part of the hole that seemed an easier climb. Fingers clawing at the dirt, I began slow progress upward to the edge.

Progress felt impossible. I had to huddle in recessions in the dirt or dig my way inward for rest. My fingernails became torn and bloodied. My mind slipped away while clinging to the wall and trembling. Sleep found me, and miraculously I did not fall. Carefully, wearily, I eventually crawled out onto the hilltop. I could see the fields around me, Florinth, and the city of Eyreso in the distance. My mind reeled. What had happened?
