









For a world full of lies the truth will come to light, even in our darkest hours for all great things come from the darkest place.

	
To my children may the words of this book never hold you back but inspire you to even greater heights than even my imagination could fathom. 













Contents
Preface	5
Chapter 1	6
Chapter 2	11
Chapter 3	16
Chapter 5	24
Chapter 6 	31
Chapter 7	34
Chapter 10	44
Chapter 15	67
Chapter 16	70
Chapter 17	73
Chapter 18	80
Chapter 19	83
Chapter 20	92
Chapter 21	97
Chapter 22	99
Chapter 23	104
Chapter 24	108
Chapter 25	113
Chapter 26	117
Chapter 27	121
Chapter 28	124
Chapter 29	128
Chapter 30 	132
Chapter 31	137
Chapter 32	140
Chapter 33	144
Chapter 34	147
Chapter 35	154
Chapter 36	161
Chapter 37	167
Chapter 38	173
Chapter 39	179
Chapter 40	186









Preface
There was a chill in the midnight sky that crept through my bones to accompany the nervousness felt in every limb. I was not sure what the outcome of this decision was going to be in my brain but there was a vision that when focused on brought a sense of peace. This is going to be epic my brother Bilal said. No this is necessary my sister Nyema said. Ever since our return she has been more out of this world than usual. 
Screams were still heard in the streets of New York as the New Year was being celebrated. But our vision was perfect and our sights in focus. I did not understand the hoopla of the whole New Years; people were living in fear more than ever before since the events 8 years ago where the government ordered marshal law on the people to get containment on the new rise of insurgence in the population. Ever since we have been in the center of the Milky Way galaxy everything has been subtle. At first it was not easily noticeable but over time the changes grew more apparent. My parents were the first people we saw it in.
My father was a mystic in his own mind. He was the inquisitive type who questioned everything and came off as aloof to mostly everyone except those who knew him best and understood his brilliance. It was difficult for him because although he never showed it, all he wanted to be was normal which is why he had his moments of idleness so everyone could catch up. But he was finally able to overcome himself and get out his own way right before the martial law was placed on the streets of the world over. You cannot expect to be extraordinary by doing ordinary stuff he would always say. He beat this in our minds because he was sure that we were the keys to the world and ultimately the universe although it was not made known to us. 
But imagine growing up like this where so much was placed on you by someone who had not showed such greatness consistently in himself. Needless to say he did not always see eye to eye with us. But he did try, always giving us books to read and encouraging us to meditate with him. Life is the moments in between the breaths he would say. Yeah he had a lot of quotable phrases. He dropped gems but they appeared only as coals at the time until the pressure of the world made us realize the diamonds he was really giving us. 
My mother was different, but they complimented each other perfectly. For my fathers head in the clouds view of life, my mother was more grounded and practical helping all of us understand what we needed here to be successful. She encouraged greatness be achieved by appreciating each moment and treasure the gifts of daily experiences as they were presented because time is a fleeting thing always moving away from the physical body as it slowly moves toward infinity where your energy coalesces into a different form.
My mother loved us dearly and helped our father to understand how to reach us. I wondered what they would think of what we were about to do. I want to say given the circumstances of my fathers untimely departure he would be proud but I am certain my mother is afraid of what lies ahead for her exceptional children.
You ready? Bilal asked with a calmness that was almost frightening given the circumstance. As we were able to get out the detonation radius we saw the explosion go off like a summer day in the fourth of July. But this was that Statue of Liberty we were blowing up, the Peace Keepers and the de facto government of the United States of America was going to come for our heads. But we were prepared for this road to revolution that was preceded by a road to illumination.




Chapter 1
Meditating with my father always we a sense of peace for me. We would take out our trusty folding chairs with the comfortable cushion, placing the chairs seven feet apart from each other with my brother Bilal, my sister Nyema, and mother at an equal distance forming a five pointed star. It was these moments when I felt safe from the judgments of the world around us. I knew that other families thought we were weird but our deeds exceeded our spirituality in their eyes where our parents were pillars of the community working on social issues for those left behind by government laws and we were the top students in our class with the highest marks across board. 
As the oldest I took it on myself to lead my brother and sister in this direction my parents had guided us to like a lighthouse in a torrential storm. My father had told me that their development would be determined by how I gravitated to his teachings. My father and I had our share of battles between the two of us and there were moments where we would not talk for days with our stubbornness being identical, I blame genetics. Eventually, we were able to see eye to eye and I followed his guidance and I grew exponentially and it was threw the witnessing of that growth that my siblings got on board. 
Now we were a five made one like a fist ready to punch a hole in whoever stood in the way of what we desired which was simple, to uplift those around us and show them how to improve their day to day life through these basic principles of studying oneself in conjunction with the world and universe that they were living in. it was through these studies that we had been able to achieve the success we had in all facets of our life. 
For myself I was happy with excelling in academics, for Bilal this translated to his athletics where his aptitude for studying game film along with his perfecting of his instincts made him a star in any sport he played, for Nyema it was her intuition where she was able foresee problems and solutions before they presented themselves in real time. 
I was just happy to see all of us become the people that my parents envisioned when we were babies. Now in our teenage years where I was 17, Bilal 16, and Nyema 15 what is known in society as the most difficult years was becoming a breeze for my parents. Unfortunately this peace of mind that we shared would be dramatically interrupted by forces that Nyema could not even see coming. 
10,9,8,7,6,5,4,3,2,1Happy New Year. Our parents kissed and toasted their glasses with their closest friends to bring in the new year of 2013. 
To imagine, people thought the world was going to end my father said. 
But he knew all too well that was not the case. My father had dedicated himself to us and making us a stronger unit as a result. My parents were intellectuals but always felt the need to act. They had this utopian idea of what should be based on what once was in the past before the fall of ancient civilizations of days long ago. Anyone who came into contact with my father immediately viewed him as eccentric before meeting my mother who calmed down his passions and gave it direction to the betterment of the family. Where he was able to be chameleon and the need to educate everyone who came into his path decreased as he understood that everyone was not ready to eat the food he wanted to serve them. 
With champagne pouring for our parents they danced the night away to a mixture of music that my parents had to agree to before playing as their musical inklings were significantly different. Where my father loved smooth grooves of the 1970s-90s, my mother loved everything that had been recorded. To be honest I cannot remember a song she did not like. Nevertheless, they danced some slow dancing some club music; I forgot at times that they were as old as they were because something about them seemed to not age like they were in college and never grew up.
I feel rejuvenated for the new year My father said. 
Yes anything will be better than the drama of last year, but stop stepping on feet my mother replied. 
I am just trying to get leveled with you; there must be slant in this floor. I feel shorter than usual.

That is because you are short my dear. She said to him laughing pulling him closer to her.
Mom, I am going to need something a little stronger than this sparkling cider if I am going to be subjected to this. Bilal said.
How do you think you got here? My father asked which immediately made my stomach turn.
Alright guys I think that is our cue to leave. I said
Our parents behavior aside the night was great; I enjoyed my family playing with my younger siblings Bilal and Nyema.   
Bilal was an interesting fellow, my father referred to him as the sweet one because Bilal was gentle but had a confidence about him that was only matched by our sister. My sister Nyema, one word can describe her DIVA! She felt like she walked on water, and my father refused to tell her anything different. I do not think her feet touched the floor until she was almost three years of age. But we all got along wonderfully we were born in consecutive years, again showing the passion and love shared by my parents I guess. The thought of it disgusted me yet I longed for a love they had where each continued to work to understand the other better in order for the family as a unit to be strong being that they were the foundation they made sure that the relationship between them first and foremost was solid. The three of us are remarkably close. We did everything together, potty trained, started school, and competed against each other with the wide knowledge base given to us by our family. 

We had what my father called the Akashic Records; it was our own personal library that rivaled the public one down the street. We had both printed and digital books on every subject imaginable. Science and math are the keys better yet the language of the universe my mother would tell us daily. So we studied and I mean studied hard. But it was not a chore it was enjoyable because we knew that with these tools we will make a difference one day. I know for sure that neither one of us had any idea what that contribution was but we knew it was destined. I mean why else would our parents be such crack pots?
So we studied every day and on the New Year's Eve, the reason for those studies became as apparent the rising of the morning sun. We knew that the winter solstice would cause a great shift. Our solar system was going to be in the center of the Milky Way Galaxy. The thought was that something would change. I think it was us being to use to everything happening so fast that we thought the change would be instant. I was hoping to get wings. To be able to just lift off and go whenever I wanted, perhaps I read too many comics and watched too much television. Things did not change at all as we moved to the new calendar year, well nothing that was obvious.   
We all began to notice little things. One of us would think of someone and they would call, we would share thoughts, finish each other sentences but not on purpose. It was weird. We heard of this happening before but we never paid any attention to it, it was some stuff my dad would talk about.
On the 11th of January everything changed, the newly re-elected president made an address to the country that would change things forever.  Martial law was enacted upon the country. This came as a shock to us. "Are you watching this" Bilal and Nyema said simultaneously. Our mouths almost hit the floor as we watched the address of the television.
I dont not remember what he said verbatim but the gist of it was:
"Citizens of the United States of America, we are under attack. There are several home grown terrorist cells across the country that have been developing for the past couple of decades. We are aware of their activities through agents we had working within these organizations. The problem we have faced is that there has been no leadership that we could identify. This group comes in all shades and color but our intelligence tells us that the Martial Law will smoke them out. We will also be sending representatives from the United Nations to homes to collect registered firearms. Anyone not in compliance with these measures will be viewed as an enemy of the state and sent to camps under the supervision of the Federal Emergency Management Agency." It was all surreal like a bad dream that I could not wake up from. 
Dad has always thought the government would finally show their hand, I guess the I told you so is coming" Nyema said. 
"Thats sounds about right but I have not seen him in a while where is he? It is not like him to miss moments in history such as these" Bilal asked. 
That was good question I thought, as a matter of fact where are either of our parents?
A loud crash sounding like a millions car crashing into a guardrail was heard from the basement and like the curious kids we were we went and started to go check.







Chapter 2
"Grab all of those we will need them my father said in a calm but scary way. As we peeked from the top of the stairs we saw a closet full of weaponry like something out of an action movie.
I cannot believe I let you get all these. My mom said shaking her head. 
Dad always joked about getting a gun for each year after Nyema was born- for potential suitors of course- but we all thought he was joking. I mean our parents did go to the gun range ALOT but they never appeared like the NRA type.  It just did not seem to fit their spirituality principles so I thought but I guess I was wrong, and judging by Bilal and Nyema's reaction I do not think I was alone in those sentiments.  
"I did not know Dad was an action hero" Bilal said. 
Nyema belted out a laugh which unfortunately revealed our location to our parents who were in the midst of planning something when we interrupted them.  
"Just for the record I Am Legend" dad said with a smile.  
After hearing the news that broke, why on earth was he in such a good mood? I did not understand the world seem to be going in a direction that none of us anticipated but by the look on my fathers face he seemed to have gotten the best news of his life. 
"What is I AM Legend we asked simultaneously confused to his reference to us calling him an action hero.
"Never mind." he said still with that same smile as before as if nothing else mattered. It was if he was excited about the current circumstances as opposed to concerned about the effect it had on his family. He seemed more detached than usual which was troublesome. This was a feeling my father felt comfortable in which was the love of us; it was a safe place for him from the harsh realities of the world around us. Still, even though it was refreshing but we still had to address not just the elephant but the entire zoo in the room.
"Dad what is the deal with your own personal armory?" I asked. 
Yeah, Dad,  you have a  closet full of guns, ammo, grenades, vests....five of them, gas masks, and flash bangs, are we preparing for war or something? Bilal added. 
"Your mother and I have seen this coming for a while now. Remember your studies children; nothing is as what it seems in the this world where what is right is shunned and what is wrong, that feeling that tears at your gut is celebrated and cheered; this world which gives the presentation of being free especially in this country is where those freedoms are boasted we are sheep moving to the horn of the government. The president and all other leaders are tyrants ran by the United Nations and the Pope through the Catholic Church. They are looking to destroy any attempt of movement that is centered on providing any type of freedom of the masses." my father told us. 
"So youre the terrorists that caused all of the problems for everyone? Now I know what it is like to be the kids of one of the Taliban. You guys are lunatics and I always knew it, this is crazy. We are on the news and youre actually calm. You really need to sit on someones couch and talk about your feelings. I am sure it will land you in the loony bin with all those other nut jobs. You know I have seen movies about guys like you and it does not end well. It was bad enough that everyone thought we were weird but to overthrow the government that is path I am not ready to walk with you pops. Bilal said.
This is madness, it is one thing to beat to the sound of your own drum, we can deal with that but this is the United States government, but not just that you are telling me this is a global government that are at our heels! You think that they are not aware of who we are already? You are foolish and I always thought you two were better than that! I said.
 Listen, we have always had your best interest at heart and this is no different. There are people that are aware of what is going on and others that are not. We have taught you that this government only looks out for themselves not the people but things have changed where the government wants to eliminate or imprison those in the know that can shed a light on who and what they really are. Those and others like us are a threat to them maintaining power because we know they are usurpers but they will kill us all to keep that secret quiet. But it is known that with the new location of our solar system that now is their best chance to take us out as powers are only beginning to develop. We are who we are and that cannot change. We have not done anything wrong but this knowledge makes us a threat to their existence and they are looking to eradicate us. 
"And who are these leaders in government in relations to us exactly?" I asked. 

"It would seem that we pose a threat to them but I do not understand how; they have more guns, more people, and more money. Our resources are extremely limited or is there something that I am missing?" Nyema added.
"We are all older than we appear. We have a pull to old books and an old way of life that others might think to be foolish. We eat right and look to gain insight into the way ancient civilizations lived. That is because we are connected to those ancient civilizations. There is a knot that binds us to those places because we were there as active participants in the birth and formation leading to those centers of cultures flourishing.  Those who are at the head of these governmental bodies seeking our demise fear that connection and want to exterminate us, leaving only those who forgot who we truly are."  
"The impetus of all this began with the solstice. At that point the sun and the planets that surround it were at the center of the Milky Way galaxy. During this time you will see your spiritual abilities began to develop at an enhanced pace." my mother continued.
This had to be craziness, I could not let myself get caught up in my parents delusions of grandeur all I could think of was being teased and bullied for being so different. We ate completely different food, you would never find us at church, and we would read books our friends never heard of. It was a chore being us.  Our views on the government was never apparent to others but my parents never showed complete trust in their powers and made that very clear to anyone who would ask. To some they were labeled as conspiracy theorist which was a nice way of saying they were a little off.  But in our houses those who did not believe in these theories were the crazy ones.
So here we are, in the basement of our home, closet full of military weaponry, and a discussion on the conditions of humanity and its soul. I do not think you could paint a crazier picture.

"I have noticed the quiet moments where you would sit down and feel a part of you that went beyond your physical body was becoming massive filling the whole room. If that is going on within me I can only imagine what you all are feeling  although you may not have even noticed that is the beauty of it all  where you do not see it coming and you are overwhelmed in an instance, it has been  more noticeable to me especially after the new year. It was naive to think that we were the only ones having this experience, and this is just the beginning. Can you feel the fear of the elite who know that the masses are ready begun to wake up will be experiencing great things over the next 7 years?" my father asked.  
All you could hear was crickets.
"Why seven years?" Bilal asked. 
"It is the number of victory, the world was created in seven days and the world will be liberated in seven years." my mother blurted out.
 This was going to take a lot of effort and discipline but under the current circumstances what choice do we really have. Our parents were labeled as terrorist, our home could be raided at any moment and the weapons stockpiled would not help our case. 
 "We have to leave! Gather whatever you can carry that is important and be ready to move at dawn." my dad instructed. 
"Where are we going?" Nyema asked. 
"We are thinking that we should head west to a city not as populated and a little less culturally inclined to have people like us so that we can blend in and live life like normal people so Phoenix, AZ is where we decided.  Dad said with my mom shaking her head in agreement and adding, "So we will head out in the morning and give you all a more information about what is going on because I am sure that you all have questions and you deserve answers". He said 

I feel like there is something you are not telling us? Nyema said.
This all seems too cryptic for me. I am not sure I want to go with you all. Bilal said.
Cant we just go to Grandmas while you all deal with this? You all need to handle these problems that you have created for yourself; I do not understand who drags their children into such as mess. Isnt it your job to keep us out of harms way? It seems like you all did the complete opposite. I said.
I know this may be hard to believe but you are safest with us. my mother said.
Why do I find that hard to believe? Nyema responded.
We have done the best for you in these times, this you have to not believe but know. None of us had a choice in this, we were born this way. It was a pull that we had toward something bigger than what we were being told. My father said.
That theory works for you but you raised us this way. The only pull that we had toward this was you both not only pulling put pushing us towards books that you felt we should read along with other practices that you felt was best for us which in hindsight I think I can speak for all three of us in saying you could have kept this to yourself. I said back to my parents.

















Chapter 3
We left our parents making our way into our room with Nyema following behind us closing the door.
Okay if nobody will say it then I will, they are missing a few screws. Nyema said.
I just do not understand the logic behind this all. Why do our parents feel the need to run as if the government really feels like they are threat? I am sure if that was really the case the authorities would not wait until the morning to knock down our door. Bilal said.
Yeah this does not make any sense. But they seemed convinced that they are doing the right thing. I am wondering if through association and our upbringing that the government would lump us in with their stupidity. I do not know if we have a choice but to go with them because there are too many what ifs and I am not separating from you all. Whatever our decision we do it together. I told them.
But what about all our friends? Bilal asked.
Forget all of our friends, what about Skylar. We are just going to leave her behind? Nyema said. 
I am sure all of their closest friends will be coming with us but for clarity I would ask in the morning but this is not something I think they would do without those closets to them. The have operated like an inseparable group since we were babies so this is something I am sure they have discussed with all of our uncles and aunties as well. I told her.
I guess that makes sense but I will ask in the morning. Nyema said.
So that is it we are going with them. I am still not sure, what kind of life would we have running for the government and Phoenix is hot, I mean really hot. I am sure that people like us do not go to a place like that for a reason. We could just run away from them you know as long as we got each other I am good. Bilal said.
I am not going anywhere without Skylar. Nyema said.
Bilal could not do anything but sit on his bed in frustration with his hands tied knowing that he was stuck to a boat that maybe sinking as a result he sulked in silence until he fell asleep.
Zohar what do think is really going on. Nyema asked me.
I can only go off what they are telling us and they seem pretty convinced of the necessity to move. I have to assume that they have good reason for their suspicions and the President seemed pretty resolved in his efforts to rid the nation of those like Mom and Dad. In the midst of my anger I cannot get lost in the loyalty I have to them for all their craziness they are our parents and I love them as I know we all do. If we were to run it would not do them any good where in their attempts to locate us they could be apprehended. It is best if we all just stick together and figure this out. If we need to run it is best to make sure Skylar is with us anyways. I told her.
Skylar is family to us the only difference is that she did not live in the same house but we were family regardless. We had known each other since we took our first steps. Nyema would not move unless she knew Skylar was by her side. She was anxious to talk to her but she knew that the phones were not able to be used because who knew who was listening. 
Nyema left our room to go to hers to pack for the morning which just left me with our thoughts as Bilal was in his bed snoring. 
My mind began to wonder into my first lessons with my father where he introduced me to the history my teachers never told us. Lessons about the great contributions of people of color to the world over. It was difficult to learn things so contradictory to my classroom, where my brother, sister, and I would always challenge the teachers in classroom being ostracized by students until they realized how smart we were and asked us for help with their class work. My father always referred to us as his science experiments, at first I took it offensively until I realized the actual validity in the statement where I was reading a book about genes and DNA where traits and characteristics are passed down but can be refined and positively directed through social conditioning. Hey it happens daily but my parents were convinced that if strides were made spiritually to us it could be passed down generation after generation improving our lives and those that came after us. These building blocks of the future would push our family to great heights so we were told but we definitely hit a valley where the acceptance of these principles became clouded in uncertainty.
This was of course was not initially shared due to unnecessary pressures placed on us where we operated in this world they had created for us without interruption until friends began to question us as their own social conditioning began to take shape where they would take on the opinions of their families where it was not just intelligence that was ostracizing us but our way of life. We each handled it our own way but I clung to the teachings of my father because it worked, we excelled in everything that we did. We were never a threat only a contributor to those around us but now this lifestyle I was so accustomed to having was a threat to everything I had and hoped to be. There would be no more thoughts of being a scientist making breakthroughs in research.
 As I closed my eyes for sleep I had no idea what tomorrow would bring other than I would be moving to a place I have never been, I looked around at my room and enjoyed the peace of the final night in my home.
As the rays of the sun hit my face, I rolled over with my stomach like a ball of yarn. Uncertainty makes me sick, well not sick but queasy, like right before you have to speak in front of a large audience. Nyema was up and packed but still looked tired, I do not think she got any sleep so it seemed that she did not do well with uncertainty either. Bilal, my baby brother was still asleep. He was not packed but he was like my dad in that way, everything was always done in the last minute. But Bilal was not fazed by any of this he had the uncanny ability to adapt to any circumstance and be comfortable hence him being in a deep coma of sleep in the midst of the revelation of our parent being wanted terrorist.
My parents were already up and packed. 
"Bilal wake up and grab what you are taking we need to go." my mother said running his back to ease his transition from slumber.
Mom. Just give me five minutes. he said to her like this was a normal school day. 
"That fool would sleep through the end of the world!" Nyema said. 
"Bilal! Time to get moving. Or does the idea of having your permanent residence in a FEMA camp appealing to you?" dad said.
"Why is he always so extra with everything; all I need is my digital reader with all my Books, my music, and my meditation CDs. he said to us under his breath. 
As we made our way to the truck which our father had heating up as we prepared for our exit into a future whose road was treacherous. We had no choice at this point but to trust our parents, still the unknown was unsettling. Bilal always accused me of thinking too much at times. Over analyzing things always had my mind moving over 1000 miles per hour, I just need to breathe and clear my mind, get in the car, and know it was going to be ok. 
Is Skylar coming? Nyema asked.
Of course we will meet them in Phoenix. My mother said to her giving Nyema a hug. 
We would hear from all my parents closet friends that "Your destiny is mapped out, the routes to that destiny is entirely up to you."
If that route included being a terrorist by-proxy based on your parents tutelage; I wondered what I was thinking, as I looked at my family as we began this unknown journey into a tomorrow that was as bright as it was dark. I could only relax and envision a happy ending where we could just be a normal family, well the closest we could be to normal.
As we pulled out of the driveway I took one last look at what was home. This is a place we grew up and had ever memory that I had ever known. Leaving all that behind was hard.
It is going to be ok Zohar. Nyema said grabbing my hand.
It is just that I thought we were going to be here forever going to college, staring businesses, being successful. It is unbelievable how in an instant it can all change so dramatically. I said to her.
There is still time to bail on them and make a run for it. Bilal said.
It was only recently that we were coming to grips with everything we had been doing as a family which we all battled with our whole lives but that was completely rattled as we were on the run. I could not help but to think about meditation sessions with my father which composed of using doing visualization exercises this was something we did daily as a family. Control of the breath and emotions was a focal point to growth as we became older. In situations such as our current lot it was becoming clear the reasoning behind such activities as our family found ourselves in the predicament we were in. I need to calm down and breathe.
In these sessions we learned to calm our mind's chatter, the random thoughts that would come in and out of our head which open ourselves being able to make connections to our lives, studies, and anything else we had questions about. This helped us many levels: school was a breeze, we were well balanced emotionally never getting too high or low, and we were able to always get what we wanted. 
This may seem absurd to some but it was normal to us and as we saw these results the questioning we had of our parents way of life began to lessen. But we always felt the urge to be normal like everyone else. My father has been studying his entire adult life about the secrets of the universe and our place in it. He had a plethora of books for us to choose from and we had been reading them when our peers were reading what was directed in school where we did that and more. Through his discoveries we were able to reap the benefit without the effort of finding these documents; well initially that was the case. As we progressed in our studies and our interests became unique to each one of us, it demanded that we search for our own truths. But the beauty in it all is that it led right back to what our father introduced us to.
But like our mother was a great influence on our father she was the same if not more for us, always keeping us grounded; listening to our father we would have had our heads in the clouds all day. She brought us back to reality and worked with us to blend in with kids our own age even though we were light years ahead of them in regards to intellect and maturity.
But most of our days encompassed the following in this order: wake up, meditation, getting ready and going to school, homework, dinner, studying with dad, and meditation before bed.
This routine was the same from the time we began school. My parents knew that if we were ready to be mis-educated by the global elite then we were ready for our true education that sought to shape our mind, body, and soul.
The more I think about it, I think they were preparing us for all of this. Bilal said to me but in an octave low enough that our parents did not hear.
You think? I responded.
All those books which we did not think anything of just reading them it was what was normal in our house. But I do not see any benefit from all that now. If I could turn back time I would throw those books in their face and tell them I do not want anything to do with any of it. Nyema said.
Well that is not an option but lets try to blend in as much as possible in Phoenix. I mean our natural appearance will make us stand out anyways no need to add the problem by being weird. I said to them.  
We nodded in agreement as we drove down the highway leaving the nations capital to a place that we knew would be everything but what we had been use to our whole lives. 





















Chapter 4
"Zohar!" Bilal screamed. 
"Where did you drift off to?" Nyema asked. 
"Just retracing our steps and seeing the foolishness that led us here." I responded.
I cannot do that or I may punch one of them in the back of the head. Nyema muttered.
Feisty as ever I see, I dare you go ahead and punch one of them, I would suggest mom as dad is driving and crashing would derail their plans for sure. But you know mom is crazy. 
Shut up Bilal. Nyema responded with a punch to his arm. 
As we drove we heard on the radio a report on the president's message last night.
"The president made his address to the Nation last night where he instituted Marshall Law where over twenty arrests were made of suspected home grown terrorist. It is not clear to what group these terrorist are tied to but the president has stated that he will remain vigilant in order to protect the American people. He has also pushed forward Executive Order #666777 where during this war he will remain as President to see this through as it cannot be trusted that the citizens that cast votes are not the terrorists they are pursuing. This has been met with a surprising acceptance by Congress.  
"So are we going to get any explanation as to what is going on, I mean a federal fugitive will not be the greatest thing to put on a college application." Bilal said.
"I know how difficult this must be for you all but hopefully this will make sense. The government is in the midst of a purge, they are looking to eradicate all people with any spiritual inkling because we are the ones who stand in the way of their plans. We have the key to overthrowing everything that they have worked to gain since their rise to power." my father told us.
"We are our own leaders and look to no one, the ones who connect to a time before their power was secure and have knowledge of a world where their power was birthed. We know that it is in each other and most importantly ourselves that we find guidance, which makes us difficult to deal with because there is no one in control that they can specifically target to topple our movement. It is something that resonates in the souls of us all.  Arizona holds the key for us because for one their control is not as forceful there and as a group when we come together we are most powerful where we have the ability to influence this plan of theirs. The land is swelling with those who hate people like us but deep down they want to be us it is the strangest thing I have ever seen" my mother added.
"But the key to all of this studying of spirituality is to know that we have all of the answers within us. It is like a flame burning in the night that will guide others from this realm and beyond to aid in our quest." said my dad. 
This does not make any sense and it is hard to get a handle on and dad why are you speaking in riddles, I would appreciate you being a little more direct. I told him.
It will all be understood once we get to Arizona. Because you have to see what I am saying the words do not give this journey we are on any justice. He said. 
"So what about the guns?" Bilal asked.
The guns are for our physical protection, the work we will be doing in Phoenix will be for your spiritual protection. We will need to have people on guard when the spiritual work will commence because that's is when we are most vulnerable as you will fall in and out of consciousness if everything goes according to plan and you may lose track of time not being able to decipher what is real" my mother answered.
This does not seem outrageous to you? Nyema asked our parents.
Not at all, we have never trusted the government and they showed their hand so we are moving before they get even further on the offensive. My mother answered.
This back and forth explanation from my parents was as alarming as it was comforting.
I had so many questions that I assumed were going to be answered upon our arrival.
But the road to our destination was built with checkpoints by the National Guard, who enforcing the Marshal Law nationwide. 
The first test was as we made our way across state lines from the District of Columbia to Virginia. The government had created technology to gauge spiritual growth, but my parents were ten steps ahead as they have been since the president's address. My father had a lot of hip hop music that my mother considered trash; however the frequency which the music would resonate at would pull our energy levels in our spiritual body to a lower vibratory rate and make us undetectable to their sensors. So the bad music would make us look ordinary.














Chapter 5
Virginia seemed to take forever we took Route 66 to 81. But on our way through VA it rained heavily slowing our pace down. We were not able to reach Tennessee until 1 am that night. And my father had a difficult time driving around the mountains. He was a visual person so the lack of lighting on the intestate was troublesome for him. Bilal and Nyema gave me a look of concern with a smile. Our father had a reputation for being a horrible driver, something that he continuously refuted. But his detractors were pretty much everyone who had ever ridden with him ourselves included. Still, he always got us where we needed to get to safe and sound. We were never sure exactly how but reasoned that it was the fact that we were protected by the universe and had no direct relations to our father driving skills.
We made it to our hotel in Nashville where we were able to unwind for what was left of the evening. My parents got us our own room where Nyema and Bilal got the double beds and I was on the sofa couch. 
This is crazy Zohar. They did not even explain anything like they said they would. It was just a quiet drive filled with tension and riddles. Bilal said.
Yeah I was hoping to get more clarity on the situation. We are talking about tools and guns but nothing practical to our current situation it seems like we are living in the clouds. I said.
What happens if they are as crazy as everyone said to us growing up? Nyema said.
Then this is going to be one interesting family vacation. Bilal said. 
We should just get some rest because we have to hit the road early and will miss this chance to stretch out once we are stuck in a car for however long to our next hotel. I told them. 
We had at least four more days in the car together so something had to be said. 
It was a disturbing change of events to say the least where one day we are normal teenagers and the next we are on the run for crimes we are not even sure we committed. Still, I had trust in my parents and the love for my family. I knew it would all be ok but how we got to ok was very cloudy. I closed my eyes and went to sleep not sure of what tomorrow would bring.
The alarmed sounded at 6am. Dad wanted to get an early start to the day, he complained that his back and fingers were numb so I would think he wanted more sleep but he had the look in his eyes that he was ready to get this drive over. Our mother was not really the driving type and had always wanted a chauffeur which was a position my father filled unbeknownst to him. 
Okay everyone time to get this thing moving. I need to grab some coffee from Dunkin Donuts and a couple of 5 Hour Energy drinks. He said.
You know you are going to be wired for the whole day. My mother said.
Thats the point as I am going to be doing all the driving right. My father asked.
Yes, you should know your job by now. She said.
Well for the record, the pay for this job is horrible.
Isnt three beautiful kids and a lovely wife enough payment?
Of course but seriously, youre not driving at all. He asked.
No, my eyes I need to get knew contacts and glasses. I can barely see. She said
Oh, no problem it was just wishful thinking but you cannot drive when you can see and with the National Guard on patrol no need to risk my life twice when I can avoid at least one for sure. He said.
As we piled in the truck, we grabbed some breakfast and headed toward our next stop which was Oklahoma City. 
On our way through Memphis I was amazed by the beauty of nature everything was so green on 40-West. I was not able to appreciate the beauty of the highway scenery because of our 1am arrival. But we were all in awe. 
See, now you are enjoying it because you are seeing things you never saw before. My mother said to my father.
He could not be mad at her for too long, what was the point when you were with somebody forever. I saw them hold hands and enjoy the scenery as much as possible. For a moment I forgot the troubles we were running away from. It just seemed like a regular road trip. 
We breezed through Memphis and crossed the Mississippi River on the way to Arkansas. My father had this look of refreshment in his eyes like he was beginning to understand how lucky he was to see the country no matter the circumstances of what was going on around him. We were making great time until we hit traffic which slowed us up. 
The traffic is at a standstill. My mother said.
Yeah and right at the state line too, it is probably a check point. He said.
Grab my IPod and put on that hip-hop playlist on shuffle we will be ok I have Juicy J, Young Jeez, YG, Rick Ross to name a few their lyrical content will bring our energies down where we will be undetectable. But you all do not think of anything spiritual to raise your awareness. Let the music do what the corporate labels want it to do. he said.
No problem all we are missing is some fried chicken and watermelon and your plan for us being a complete stereotype will be complete. Bilal said.
Dont forget the jewelry on the neck and on the teeth. Nyema said.
As we looked over to the car next to us it was as if we were describing them exactly as the destroyed family box of Kentucky Fried Chicken.
You have got to be kidding me. You think they are blending like us or are the stereotype? I asked.
I would say they are typical. Bilal said.
I am going to go for the blending type. Our parents arent the only ones missing a few screws. Nyema said.
Ok I am the tie breaker. Well I was with you Nyema until I saw them eat that chicken with the gold teeth. I said belting out a laugh. 
My parents could not help but laugh as well.  Making our way through traffic we arrived at the checkpoint. 
Turn the music down we are pulling up. My father said.
License and registration! the National Guard demanded with a German Sheppard sniffing around the car held by a woman with a sensor checking our spiritual energy levels.  
 Here you go sir. 
Where are you all headed? the man asked. 
We are going cross country on school visits getting the kids college ready. 
I will be right back I am going to run your information through the system.
No problem sir.
As the women and dog continued to sniff around the car, I saw my mother clench my fathers arm in which he responded with a gently pat on her hand. 
Here you enjoy your college visits. 
Thank you, are these check points at every state line because we may have to change our planning if there is going to be this type of traffic. He asked.
It is all pretty random each state is doing their own thing to keep the terrorists off balance. 
Got it, well safety first of course; have a good day sir. My father said rolling up his window and turning the music back up. 
I think it will be wise to keep the conversation about spirituality to a minimum and keeps the mainstream hip hop music flowing. I love this stuff though. My father said.
We all know you bombard us with this stuff constantly. My mother responded.
Everything has its lane nothing too big or small. He said.
Are we going to be speaking in parables the whole trip because if that is the case I will be rocking my headphones. Bilal said
Me too. Nyema followed.
Me three. I said laughingly. 
Well I guess we will talk when we reach the next hotel then. He said to us. 
Arkansas was an interesting place that we a mix of swamp, stink, and good ole fashion BBQ. There were moments of the country smelling like the inside of toilet used too many time for a number two but we held our nostrils and trekked through. It was beautiful in moments and pushing me to almost vomit in my mouth seconds later.  We were not able to make it to Oklahoma City only to some random town on the Oklahoma border. 
Well I cannot drive anymore and unless anybody else is interested in driving than we are going to have to find a hotel. He said. 
You sure a hotel is even out here. Nyema said.
More like motel. Bilal said.
Tomato, tomato. My dad said. 
Well, I am not driving with all that military, too much pressure. And I am sick of being in a car anyway. I said.
Well I am pulling some options up on our phone and it looks like Nyema was right our best option in a 2  star motel. But hey beggars cannot be choosy. My mom said.
I guess beggars are the only logical next step being that we are on the run with no jobs and no real future anymore. Bilal said. 
Bilal, we can talk about it at the hotel. My dad said.
You mean motel? Bilal corrected. 
As we made our way to our room we saw the double beds but no couch.
I have the bed tonight which means Bilal, youre on the floor. I said jumping onto the bed to claim it. 
This is wack, why cant Nyema sleep on the floor. Bilal asked.
I would tell dad and one of you would have to sleep on the floor, so postpone the inevitable. Nyema said.
I cant stand you! Bilal said grabbing his sheets and making his arrangements on the floor. 
We a knock at the door and saw our parents enter through the door.
You all decent? my father asked making his way into the room.
Yeah just anxious to get some answers from you guys. I told them.
Well, I do not know where to begin. We are at war with people who want to do us harm and it is best to stay ahead of the curve. They have no idea that we exist but that does not mean that will always be in the dark. In my opinion it is better to be on the offensive now. He told us.
So, we are not even in any danger? Nyema asked.
You have got to be kidding me. Bilal said. 
I knew you all were crazy! I said.
I am sorry did you not see those soldiers patrolling the highway? Who do you think they are looking for? my mother said.
But if we were back home living our normal life than we would not be in this position. I said.
The hard truth is that the way things are going we were going to have to move eventually. It is better to get to a safe place early because there is a lot of work that has to be done. My dad said.
What do you mean a lot of work? Nyema asked.
We have to take our spirituality to another level that has never been seen before. My mother said.
This is crazy! Zohar you are not buying this are you? Bilal said.
Bilal, we can complain all we want but you saw the dogs with the scanners. They had no idea about us so they must know something that we dont and if we leave without them at this point who knows what will happen to us out there. I said.
I know that this is their entire fault. I just want my normal life back, my friends, and my home. Bilal said tearing up in frustration.
My mother in that moment just grabbed him and gave him a big hug.
Bilal, we will get through this I promise you. Unfortunately, you would have never had a normal life with any of us. We are a different type of people but once we get to Phoenix you will see. My father said. 
If we get there. Nyema said. 
Well that is enough for one night everyone is tired lets just go to bed and get moving at the crack of dawn.
Goodnight. They said leaving the room.
I feel like we are in a concentration camp already. Bilal said. 
Dont be so dramatic Bilal. Nyema said.
It is crazy how little they are telling us; maybe they are not even sure. I said.
Thank you for easing our fears Zohar.Nyema said. 
We were not able to talk or sleep we were just sat in the room watching television all night. To be mindless if only for a few hours was treasured as we continued this journey into unchartered waters not even sure our parents who we entrusted as our guides know what was ahead. 

Chapter 6 
The next day we pushed through on our way to New Mexico. Oklahoma was a very beautiful state with even more green scenery than Tennessee. We went miles without seeing anywhere to stop but were able to appreciate the beautiful landscape. It was completely different than what I was thinking which were farmers and Native Americans all over the place but still felt like a tornado could come at any moment based on the signs the overcast in the sky. However my mother was sure we would be fine. 
I will tell you about the secrets of the wind and how to control the weather when we get to Arizona. My dad said. 
These guys get stranger by the day. Bilal said in amazement and confusion. 
Yeah, this whole fortune cookie, coded talk is getting annoying. Nyema said.
So what is really going on? I do not want to wait until we get to the hotel. Everyone is tired and we have all this time to talk if we hit a checkpoint then we will just turn on the music or just leave it on while we talk over it. I told my father.
Finally, some answers. Bilal said. 
It is complicated. I fell into some information when I was 19, just a little older than you all. It changed my outlook on everything where I began to question everything. In the midst of getting answers to those questions I was able to cultivate certain abilities during my college years.  But the transition was difficult as it made me feel like an outcast to those closest to me which I still feel even to this day. I wanted to keep these feelings from you for as long as possible. I intentionally only provided you with the tools you needed to maximize your potential for growth for this very moment in your current development. But the actions after New Years of the governmental elite have forced my hand, so we have to get into a place where your abilities can truly be pushed to limits that will challenge everything. He explained. 
No matter where we are our gifts will reveal themselves but there are certain places that will enhance the speed in which those gifts are attained and mastered. Imagine your body is like a cell phone and in certain places that reception is stronger than in others. He continued.
Dad, I am not sure you are aware of this but Phoenix is in a valley, cell phone signals are horrible there. I told him.
Funny you say that because remember where we said this is the upside down kingdom where nothing is at it appears. So your physical device does not work well there but spiritual signal is on a different frequency. He said.
Who remembers the story about the Dogon people from Mali? My mother asked.
Of course we do they came over here before Christopher Columbus and worked with the ancients that were in the Americas to reestablish a transatlantic partnership. Nyema told her. 
Exactly. My mother said.
But what use to be that place where those relations were created, well part of it anyways. My father asked.
Arizona. Bilal said.
Exactly. My father said.
So it is through tapping into this place of ancient people that the gifts that are latent within you all will come to the forefront. That is why we did not stay at home. That is why we are going across the country dodging the military in hopes of seeking refuge in Arizona so that we can move without as much interruption as would be experienced back east. My father continued.
Well that makes everything clear, why didnt you say anything before? I asked.
No time like the present. My father responded.
I hear you dad but I am not trying to hear you right now no matter what youre talking about. Bilal said.
To Bilal and Nyema it seemed like more coded language yet to me it made sense. For some reason it resonated with me and I had full trust in my parents who had always told me it was their job to take care of us. So why in our darkest hour would they let us down? As we pulled in a small town a little past Amarillo, TX we found another motel so spend the night but the as this was becoming the norm for us the banter about our sleeping arrangements diminished but the conversation in the car ride gave us a lot to think about.
What do make out of today? Bilal asked us. 
Not sure. Nyema added.
It will be ok, when had they ever led us wrong? I asked 
Um, how about now. We are on the run from the government with loaded weapons and wanted felons. If I had any sense I would run while they were asleep but you fools wont come with me. I have one fool who is guided by blind faith in their parents and the other waiting for their BFF. I think they have jumped off the deep end. This has turned our world upside down, the talk about an upside down kingdom! We are in the car with the king and queen of the upside down kingdom. It is one thing to give us books and random facts but this is all a lot to take in. My whole life as I know it is over. We left everything and everyone behind. Bilal said.
Bilal, I do not know what you expect to do. We have to ride this out with them for better or worse. My gut is telling me that we will be alright. I rebutted.
They are our parents Bilal, but I understand your concern but I trust Zohars gut, he has always been on point since we were babies. I share both your sentiments but Bilal we are not leaving until we talk with Skylar. Nyema added. 
Ya'll are stupid, I am going to sleep. But how come I always get the floor and Zohar always get a couch? Bilal said.
Because of my positive optimism. I know the best is going to come to me and it always does. Our thoughts shape our reality. Perhaps if you got out your negativity you would see things for the best. This is an adventure and youre that guy that is complaining the whole time. Dont be that guy. I told him.  
We all went to sleep uncertain of what tomorrow would bring but had to get use to the fact that this was what was becoming normal. Tomorrow could bring incarceration or a closer step to true freedom as we finally were going to make it to Arizona. Still, was their freedom something that we would feel or would this life on the run be just as equal as if we were captured the day after the president made his announcement concerning Martial Law like Bilal had said? Although I tried to be the voice of reason for my brother and sister I still had my own doubts that I was battling.













Chapter 7
It was another early start to the day. And we hit the road headed toward Arizona being only a days drive away. The sky in New Mexico was amazing. Driving down 40-West the skyline looked like a painting, unreal and almost in arms length. The landscape was breathe taking, ruddy red rocky cliffs that gave the impression that they were sculpted at the beginning of time; never bring touched giving a glimpse of perfection. The New Mexico scenery was definitely relaxing amidst all the uncertainty that surrounded our journey which had been quiet outside of the random checkpoint but we passed them without incident learning the routine from our first stop. It seemed our fathers plans to get us to Arizona was working, avoiding stopping in major cities which took us longer but was safer being that they received the most attention from the government. It was genius when thought about it; I mean who heads to Arizona for refuge. As we crossed the Arizona border we saw how different this place was.  
I think I just saw a tumbleweed blow by. Bilal said.
This place is hot! Why did the temperature just jump from 60 to 80 degrees in like five seconds? I said.
I am going to need some food we have eaten since we left New Mexico and that was a gas station; you have me surviving off of snacks. I need some real food, can we find like a salad shop or something outside of a Subway which seems to be all they have out here. Nyema 
If you have not noticed there is nothing out here Nyema, this is not D.C. I think Subway owns all of the rest stops in the Southwest. My mother said.
We will stop at the next place which seems to be Cambers, AZ. My father said.
If I see another Subway I am going to scream. Nyema said.
I have $20 bucks she screams. Bilal said.
I am not taking that bet, Subway is making a killing out here. I replied. 
Next time you plan on driving across the country can we make sure we bring better food? Nyema said to our parents.
We will do our best, perhaps next time it will be under better circumstances. My father replied. 
I see the tension is slowly subsiding. My father said.
It is just us being antsy. We have been in the car for four days straight, your madness is contagious. Bilal said.
Well, there is the next rest stop Nyema. My father told her.
Humph, just keep driving. She said folding her arms.
I told you I wasnt taking that fools bet Bilal. I said
I was hoping that being stuck in this car had affected your judgment. He said.
Keenness never takes a day off. I told him.  
There is always the next rest stop. My father said.
Whatever daddy. Nyema responded.
I am just saying. He continued.
Just let her be, Nyema just hold tight we have something and you know that you can get a salad from Subway. My mother said.
No, Im good. She said.
This was more like us, I was not sure if it was the change of location or just the removal of all the pressure of traveling across the country with the potential enslavement in a concentration camp upon the horizon.
There may be more options in Flagstaff, AZ. My father said.
As we moved further down the never ending road which was I-40 West the backdrop that was beyond the Right of Way was changing from desert to Pine trees. It was unexpected because I was sure there was no vegetation in Arizona it was good to know I was wrong. 
Ok, I found a spot in town that serves pizza and a salad. My mother told us.
Thats a weird combination but it is better than all the other options. Nyema said.
Yeah Subway, Subway, and subway. Bilal said.
After eating our food we got back into the car and made our way for the homestretch. There were moments of holding on to the edge of seat as we road down a mountain into the valley. 
Jesus take the wheel. Bilal said.
Stop playing boy. Nyema said.
I sent Bilal a text
I am not afraid to die but am not sure I want that day today. 
He responded:
You should have driven because you learned from mom. I do not know who taught this guy.
Regardless, we made it. Once we got out the car in Phoenix, AZ, I felt the heat punch me in the face like a prizefighter. I was not fan of the cold but your body could not be prepared for 90 degrees in January.
"So this is where the magic happens?" Nyema asked.
She had no idea how much truth was in that comment. I have had experience meditating with my parents, we each did but I took the most liking to it because of the peace I was able to attain through my sessions. My brother and sister had their own experiences but lacked the discipline to carry out the meditation session every day. Whether it was sports for Bilal or cheer leading with Nyema, they had a lot on their plate. But for me I was consumed with this knowledge as it was all I knew and was what I was good at. 
I had three uncles who I worked with monthly. Each weekend was spent at one of their houses back home where we would participate in different lessons. I was the oldest so I felt the need to set the example which was a rigorous work ethic. It was seen by both my uncle and my peers.
I was not sure when they were coming so of course I asked my father as soon as we finished unpacking at our motel room a few miles from the highway. 
"Dad, when are my uncles Musa, Ra-Sta, and El Ra Sun coming?" I asked.
"They are taking different routes but we are all going to meet here, that's the plan." he replied.
"And do not worry about the rest of our family, they should be safe. They have no spiritual leaning at this level where they would be considered any threat to the government and they have no knowledge of the depths of which we are engaged either." my father stated.
Skylar cannot get here so enough I am so sick of dealing with you all by myself. Nyema said.
Not so easy without your partner in crime I see. Bilal said.
I have never had a problem handling you. Nyema answered with a punch for added effect.
I am just excited to see what we are going to be doing here. Dad better crack open the book on the Kabbalah. I said.
He has held that close to the vest since we were little only giving us crumbs along the way. Bilal said.
Well, he did say his hand was forced by the movements of the world government. Nyema said. 
I think this is going to be what we have done before on steroids. We on our Barry Bonds, just have to knock it out the park. I told them.
I think we all looked forward to seeing them and continuing our lessons but we had work to do beforehand. My father was a heavily influenced in kabalistic studies which shaped his life. Although never formally trained in Judaic studies, my father's understanding of the Kabbalah was unparalleled. He grasped the knowledge of the Kabbalah like he had already learned it in a past life before this one and excelled in its understanding currently. I knew that the Kabbalah would play a role somehow.



















Chapter 8
"Dad, how is this going to work? I mean we are thousands of miles from home, fugitives pretty much and are here looking to be some type of savior?" Bilal asked.
What is the link between our spirituality and the toppling of this one world government that connected from the United States to the United Nations all the way to the Vatican in Rome? I asked. 
And what could a few teenagers do to stop it? Nyema asked 
So many questions you all think alike. My father said.
To be honest I am, not sure if you all are just along for the ride or integral parts to bringing down the whole system. It is through your work you will show what your value really is. I have my assumption but we shall see. He answered. 
"The governments elite are tricksters who have convinced an entire world that they are free when we are under their yoke now more than ever. However being that everything they have used to control the masses is an ancient art that they received at the footsteps of our ancient ancestors, we are able to see through their tricks if you all open all three of your eyes which is your task as none of you saw this coming. We have a lot of work to do." my dad said. 
This rhetoric is what we have battled accepting forever where its validity was always questioned although deep down we knew it resonated within each of us like an old truth we forgot. But at this point it was all or nothing and wavering in these times could mean enslavement in a concentration camp or worse.
"Remember all those shootings which pushed the public to approve of the government taking steps to control the guns? Those incidents were not real, they were actors who performed a dramatic event to cause trauma and hysteria among the public in order to push their agenda. And let us not forget the horrible incidents of September 11th the event we have covered ad nausea where the government killed over three thousand innocent people to promote their War on Terror well that was a build up to this point to get us in their crosshairs for extermination. These guys plan extensively over a hundred, if not several hundreds of years to push their agenda. This is the last act of the play where we are the targets and our death gives their power more for their dominance to continue unbalanced and unchecked. But they underestimate us and do not know that we have been planning longer than they could ever have, but the key to it all lies in a realm beyond the one we know." my father told us in our motel room that lacked the luxuries of people destined to save the world.
"So when do we get started." Nyema said excitingly.
That's what I am talking about! Your effort will determine our success or failure" my father replied.
"Dad, you have been beating us upside our head with this information since we were able to read. Slowly but surely you have pushed us in this direction. And I hated you for it, if am to be honest. I just wanted to be normal whatever that means. We were always looked at as different being that we thought so faster than others in our development and we were able to decipher information so quickly. Looking back it was more hate from others than anything else. But with these turn of events, I am glad you and mom raised me up for this moment. I am ready!" Bilal said.
"You already know with me Pops." I said.




Chapter 9
Time to wake up! my father told us. 
Are you serious dad, its like 9am? Bilal said.
Come on dad, ten more minutes. Nyema pleaded.
This is our first day all week we did not have to travel cant we just have a like another hour? I asked.
We have an appointment, get your clothes and lets get going NOW. he ordered.
I didnt know we signed up for boot camp. Bilal said. 
Lets just ready and get this over with. Nyema said.
Yeah, he seems to be in one of his moods. I said.
Getting dressed we smelled breakfast. It was a pancakes, eggs, fruits, juice, and sweet potatoes. It was so long since we had a decent meal although it was not home cooked we would take what we can get at this point. 
No McDonalds? Bilal asked.
Bilal, you know that stuff is not real food. Nyema said.
Well fake food taste good! He said.
Bilal, we have never eaten that stuff you know we need the right food in order to reach the height we have to attain. I told him.
Yeah, a boy can only dream I guess. He said filling his mouth with the food at the table.
Bilal I think you would eat anything. My mother said.
I dont think I could do caviar though, fish eggs just sound disgusting. Bilal continued.
But youre eating chicken eggs. I said.
Yeah but when I think of fish eggs all I can see is the movie Finding Nemo, I cannot bring myself to eat Nemo. Bilal said.
Bilal just shut up and eat your food. I think you could possibly be labeled clinically insane. Nyema said.
Of course, I could look how I was raised. Bilal responded.
Alright finish up and meet me at the car. My father said stepping out of the room toward the parking lot.
Mom, do you have any idea where we are going? I asked.
If I told you I would have to kill you. She said.
I hope when I get to be old like you guys I can keep my humor in a situation like this. Nyema said.
I hope I never have to go through a situation like this again, I dont know what you are talking about Nyema. I think you may be the insane one. Bilal said.
Lets get out of here before dad has an aneurism. I said.
The drive was a quick one because before I knew it we were passing a spiritual store. These stores are special as they are different than any other because they have candles, books, stones, wands, daggers, cups, pentacles, statues, and talismans and that was the tip of the iceberg. It seemed risky with all the government surveillance that was sweeping the country and was being constantly reported on the radio and television. But my father took us five stores down to a bakery. 
"Peace to the Gods." my father said in salutation to the man at the front of the store. 
"Peace be unto to you and your seeds Ak." the clerk owner responded.
And with those subtle words a door was opened in the back of the shop that connected to the basement and underground we went bypassing the other four stores and reaching the spiritual shop. My father seemed to have this all down pact which made me feel at ease. It also reinforced his professing of preparation for these events which even further made it seem so real to us. This was not random occurrence my father was in complete control of the situation and it was impressive to see.
Dad, you are supposed to be the king of Mike Viking it. I asked.
Stakes are too high to be making stuff up on the fly. If we do not handle this perfectly we force unnecessary dangers upon all of us. I am not willing to risk that; not with you all, not now, not ever. He said. 
Still, it is impressive because you are the worse planner of all time. Nyema said.
We are all perfecting; I am no different from either of you all. I just try to better each day but I appreciate you all taking notice. I guess it take a crisis for me to plan anything. Your mother already gave me her list, you all need to get whatever you feel is necessary for this journey but make it quick we have to get back to the other shop and buy some groceries so we cannot be here all day or it will look suspicious." my father instructed to us.
"No pressure." Bilal said to me under his breath. 
Nyema you are looking like you are trying to solve the mysteries of the universe. I said.
Who knows when we will be able to come back to a place like this? I want to make the most out of this opportunity and not waste it. I suggest you do the same. She said. 
Yo, check out that wand, thats mine. I said. 
"Really?! Nyema, how much you want to bet he grabs a broomstick next? Bilal said. 
I am not listening to you I know I can do magick how do you think dad got us out here. This will just be a reminder of what I am capable of. But stop talking; I got to focus on these items so many to choose from. I told him.
The next thing I saw was a booked called "The Book of Illumination, The Key to the Gates of Lights", I grabbed that right off the shelf. I also grabbed several candles, several different stones, a pentacle necklace, and a tarot deck. 
Now, that it was I am talking about the Book of Coming Forth By Day. Thats that old school magick right there Zohar. What you know about that? You talking about wands I need a dagger never know when you have t o shank a soldier Bilal said.
In addition he also got candles, stones, a pendulum, and a pentacle necklace. 
Thats the Sepher Yetzirah, the Book of Creation. If we ever needed a tool to help us create something better this was the time. She said.
Nyema also purchased a chalice, candles, stones, incense, oils, and a pentacle necklace.
We all got to the register and checked out. We then went back the way we came, grabbing some bakery donuts, bread, and coffees and headed back to the car toward the motel. We were so preoccupied with getting found out by the National Guard that we did not even discuss any of our purchases. This was unique in the sense that we always compared notes with what we bought. We would tease each other of what was considered silly such as my newly purchased wand. But we had none of that, a sign of the times I guess. It was something that needed getting use to where a part of the childhood I loved so much was disappearing into yesterday so quickly.









Chapter 10
As we returned back to the motel we were finally able to discuss the purchases that were made at the spiritual store.
"So, Zohar oh king of all the nerds and dungeons and dragon players, what else did you get besides the wand." Bilal asked.
"Whatever the spirits led me to brother." I replied.
"I made a come up in that joint, got a pentacle necklace, the Sefer Yetzirah, chalice, and some tools to get to work with my mediation." Nyema said
Thats crazy; I got a pentacle necklace too. I see our mothers influence is always present as she loves her pentacle necklace.  I wasnt event thinking just grabbing whatever felt right. I said. 
"You did not get any type of oracle Nyema?" I asked.
"No need brother; I am an oracle. she replied. 
"Well, I am not an oracle so I grabbed a pendulum to guide me through the craziness our psychopathic parents got us into. But I did grab a pentacle chain too; I have been stuck in the car with you all for too long." Bilal said. 
This situation may not just be our parents doing at least us being a part of it anyways. I said to them.
What do you mean? Bilal asked.
Dad explained a long time ago that our paths are chosen by us prior to our arrival in the physical form. Under those conditions we just choose the route not the destination. I said.
Get out of here with that existential mumbo jumbo; I never bought into this stuff 100%. There were times when this felt like the most perfect situation ever then we would leave the house and have to deal with reality and regular people. All the mediation cannot prepare for not being accepted as a kid. I just wanted to fit in and when after all these years it finally happens. Boom! We are in Phoenix, AZ and I have to start all over but now we are criminals. Bilal said
If I did pick this scenario for myself, I am an idiot. He continued.
 No need for your life story Bilal, we were there but there is some truth in what Zohar is saying. I do not believe in random occurrences, there is always some plan and we are not in this position just to be captured I cannot and will not believe it. Nyema said.  
Together it seemed that we were a great trio although we were missing a big cog to our engine as Skylar was en route. When our other family arrived we knew that the real work would commence. 
"I hoped you all grabbed everything that was necessary for what needs to be done. This journey we are about to embark is not going to be easy. We are still waiting for your uncles from back home to join us but every second counts, so we must continue to work. I need you all to study these books inside and out and share them with each other. I need you to focus your meditations on the stones that you hold and light the candles and incenses to influence your desires into this world. Things are speeding up children, you will see your desires appear as needed but a focus is required from each of you. Whatever you did before I promise you was not good enough anymore. Any success that you have seen through your efforts prior to your arrival in Arizona was only scratching the surface of the possibilities. The need for greatness is apparent now. my father urged.
My mother interjected, The government is planning our extermination, and we must do the same for them. First and foremost it is imperative that we first master ourselves for through that the world is our oyster. The control of the breath is the first thing to control through that we will teach you all everything that you need to know. But without that you will be no different than the dumb and blind that are following the leadership of the president without question."
So, did you all use your gifts in order to get us here? Nyema asked.
Your mother and I shared a vision one night that showed people getting tortured but it was not their physical body crying for help it was the light that illuminated beyond the physical; some call it an aura, astral body. Whatever it was it haunted us. my father said.
After that date your father and I had numerous moments of clarity where we able to still our thoughts to reconnect with that space and each time the vision got clearer and clearer until one day we could not see anything else. My mother told us.
But how much did you see? Bilal asked.
We saw troops, concentration camps, and all of our family us fleeing to Arizona but we were always happy in those visions which did not make sense with so much pain surrounding us. Yet, it makes sense now as we are together with these calculated movements from that vision although tense but enjoying each other. The rest I am not sure you are ready to hear. My mother said.
No they need to hear and understand how serious this is. My father said. 
We have worked with you from the time that you were children to get you to this very point. I hate to put this all on you all but you have gifts that you mother and I cannot even imagine. It is you that will get us out of this situation. I have wavered on if I was going to tell you but I feel you must know. We have been tainted from birth by our parents because we only grasped this information in its entirety in our adult years. You on the other hand have been exposed from time immemorial and were not interrupted your reality was carefully cultivated. Your external environment had you question us as it should have but you are here. You did not run which shows me that you are ready. He said to us. 
All of the work our parents put us through was coming full circle.  Our first lessons were about the contributions of our people. My father thought it was necessary to break these psychological chains of slavery that weighed him and others around him down. It was systemic, he was only taught to get a good job and take care of his family. Noble indeed but what of the injustice around that he saw perpetrated on his people both foreign and domestic? There was a concentrated effort to break them down. My father never understood why that was occurring in his younger years only that the thought of it all troubled him deeply. But his parents crippled through the fear of the civil rights movement and its disastrous aftermath pushed him into the realm of normality where gainful employment was the only out and concerns about a history that provided only impediments to that employment were looked at as trivial pursuit.
But Bilal, Nyema, and I were different. We took that idea of normality and turned it up on its head in this upside kingdom. My father was encouraged by our mother whose parents and grandparents infused her with a sense of self which my father used as a crutch when he questioned his direction in life. My mother was the backbone of the house. Where we all drew from her strength, she may have had a sense of obsessive compulsive disorder but we learned attention to detail through her eccentricity. And now it was time to put it all to practice as we got to the work which seemed to have been preordained.
Well, we need to get to work and start mastering the books that we picked up today. I said to everyone.
Yes, take this time to understand why in the time of crisis you were drawn to this ultimate test. My father instructed.
If this goes right, I will be greater than any athlete ever. Bilal said.
Really, that is what you are thinking about right now, your legacy? Nyema said.
I am thinking long term Nyema, being a freak is one thing but being remembered in the annals of history is on a completely different level. Bilal said.
It will all be irrelevant if we do not put in the necessary work in order to achieve these lofty goals. So, I suggest we get to our studies. I told them. 
Under normal circumstances when reading our books there was a period each night where we would discusses what was discovered and compare notes. Tonight was different we were each sunk into our selections, only taking time out to use the bathroom and eat. I was not sure if the stress of the things around us centered our collective focus or these were just good reads, perhaps a little of both. Still, we were engaged as were our parents.
My father only grabbed one item from the store which was a package that he had received from the owner of the shop. The reception of the package seemed cloak and dagger like watching a scene from Mission Impossible. I did not pay much attention to it at the store because I was so caught up in my own purchases. Yet looking back there was something strange about it all. 
Hey, I will be right back I am going to talk with dad. I told Nyema and Bilal.
Making my way down the hall I could only help but wonder what was in the package and now with us all on the same page it would ease my mind to just ask so I can move on with my studies and not have the question troubling my mind. Knocking on the door I made my way into the room to get some answers.
"So what did you get Pops? I asked hoping for some big revelation.
"Only what was necessary. he relied.
"Oh, mind if I take a look? I continued.
"Of course not, I was telling your mother that I was curious who was going to ask me about it first. In all honesty, this package is not for me. It's for all of us but specifically for you three." he said.
"With all of this craziness going on around us we need a way to fight back, but not in the conventional way. Revolution in the way it is seen today is a farce. The global elite set it all up to put people in place as puppets to do their bidding. I do not see us having that luxury of garnering their support as we are the biggest threat to their existence. We have monitored your diet because the foods most eat are used to kill those who consume them, we have monitored the books you read because you also needed a proper diet of the mind, and we have monitored and pushed you to meditate because you needed the proper diet for your soul. But today you all picked different books than you have ever read before under extreme and unconventional circumstances that spoke to each of you differently. But I ask you why?" 
"For a distraction from the crazy?!" I responded.
"Exactly!" he responded.
"You all cannot be caught up in the drama of what is going on here. It has come the time to take everything from theory to practice. Your books are to supplement what is in this package. I had it sent her before the president's address because if we were caught with it while we were traveling not even the energy from the music would have helped us. This package was received and I stress that word very strongly, to me in my youth and had been a jewel in our Akashick Records library. It has given your mother and me the foresight about all the events that have recently transpired." he said.
"So you knew this would happen the whole time? Did my aunts and uncles know about this too, and why did you keep us in the dark, and why didn't you do anything to stop it!" I said.

"There was not much we could have done other than prepare and be on the offensive. We had no physical evidence other than the spiritual which in the eyes of many does not hold enough weight for the revolutionary actions that were required to stop it. We have shared with you several tools from your conception in the womb to this very moment to get all of you ready for what lies ahead. Although, we never explicitly told you why, we wanted you to live as free as possible and have as much of a childhood as you could. Trust me, the burden of knowing what was coming and ultimately what is required of us all is burdensome. But at this point I think you all are ready to know. So, in the morning we are expecting the rest of the family to arrive in town and we will discuss everything." my father replied.
As I went back to my motel room shared with my brother and sister, I saw them still in their books studying heavily. I debated in my mind whether to tell them what was discussed with our father and were sick of the secrets although at one point necessary, these are different times and we all needed to be on the same page.
"The family is going to be here in morning." I told them.
Nyema and Bilal both began to glow excited that they were ok and in route to our destination.
"That's a relief, with all the checkpoints and surveillance they have constructed it feels like border patrol, I am surprised that they have figured out how to move so freely." Bilal interjected.
"Well I don't know if you all saw Dad get that package from the guy at the register in the spiritual shop but according to him through their spiritual work they foresaw all of this and were able to prepare in order for something they have planned. We are meeting tomorrow morning to discuss that very thing." I informed them.
"So, that's how we were able to stay one step ahead of everything. That is amazing, whatever they have that allows them to see all this we need access to. We are not kids anymore we are a part of this now and need every tool in the shed in order to get out of this in one piece." Nyema replied.
"So we have two oracles as parents or something? Man, this is getting stranger by the minute. I mean, I knew we were a little off compared to everyone else but had no idea how deep down the rabbit hole it went. But seriously, they had a plan? I just thought we were winging it day by day, now to come to find out they knew this was all going to happen and we were prepared, I can stop stressing. But I agree with Nyema, whatever they are using to get ahead of the government we need to get on that train." Bilal said.
Their enthusiasm was becoming contagious. I guess they were right in this situation our parents were putting us in a place where we could survive this madness that has been encircling everything around us. I decided to grab my book and get back to my studies where I read until I fell asleep.
















Chapter 11
As the sun crept upon the horizon as morning approached for another day in Phoenix; I woke awaiting all the day had to offer. The plate could not be any fuller with all the discussions last night. Before I could get my morning stretch out the way I turned over and saw that Nyema and Bilal were already gone. I assumed they were out running because they were the super athletes of the clan where I was the nerd who played every instrument. Don't get me wrong I enjoyed a good cardiovascular workout like the next person but did not have the dedication to it to start every morning with it like my comrades. So I just hopped in the shower to help get the sleep off. 
As I turned on the water, I was instantly hit by a dream from the night before. I saw ten spheres and I was each one. These spheres were up in the sky and I fell from one to the other as each one had so much water in them that they overflowed. They were each connected by tunnel slides like at a water park. I started from the top and slid all thy way to the bottom. But I did not have any fear; it was an escape from the seriousness of everyday life that was now so apparent. It also gave me a sense of calmness which was confusing because my natural inclination of being trapped in a sphere being filled with water would be panic but this was not the case. I decided to just roll with it all and make a mental note to jot it down on some stationary sitting on the nightstand in the motel room.
As I finished my shower I heard the door closing and assumed it was Nyema and Bilal. I grabbed my towel rushing out to tell them of my vision, however to my surprise it was my three uncles there to wake me up.
My uncles El Ra Sun, Musa, and Ra- Sta were interesting people. They had met my father in the summer following my sister's birth. Although my father went to school with Musa and El Ra Sun, they did not hang out on account of the extracurricular activities my dad did after school. My father never mentioned what these activities were, we just assumed they were clubs he was involved with that kept him busy where the friends he made were few and far between. Still, they were able to connect as adults and were as thick as thieves ever since. They found enjoyment in each other's company because it allowed for them to be themselves. Even in per-martial law era it was difficult to be different, especially being as different as they were. They always veiled themselves in normality. A practice that made my father sick to his stomach but he dealt with the circumstances in order to take care of his family. That was something he learned from Ra-Sta. 
Ra-Sta was the oldest in the group by several years. He had a wealth of information that he gladly shared with anyone who had a willingness to receive it. He looked at all of us like the future and we all looked to him for council with any questions we had that had any spiritual significance. While there was no leader among them Ra-Sta was a source of clarity due to his knack to connect ideas that on the surface had no connection and being that he was on this path the longest he was always available to lean on until we were able to figure things out and understand things on our own.
But here they were waiting for me like I was holding up the process, and then I remembered the meeting of the morning. I was so caught up in thinking about that dream that had forgotten the itinerary for the day and I had no idea that everyone would be gathering for this meeting as well.
"So, you finally decided to move?" Ra-Sta said in only a way that he would find amusing.
"I had this dream I could not shake that I actually wanted to write down before I left. So I may have to hold everything up a little longer while I put it all down on this stationary." I replied.
"No rush young king, we all know the significance of the dream world. Take your time to make sure you get everything down. We aren't going to rush you, we just wanted to make sure you were moving as your mother has the food ready and your father well, you know him, is making sure that you all have everything you need for what lies ahead." El Ra Sun stated with a glow that made me feel like he knew something that I didn't. 
Everyone was so calm. I wondered was all people that were being hunted by the government this way. I mean, I have been a nervous wreck and only seem to find any sense of calm from those around me. It was contagious yet unsettling the more I reflected in it. It just seemed crazy. But this is all I knew and I trusted them. I mean we had gotten this far at least, crossed state lines and have pretty much moved undetected where every time we turned on any media outlet it was over-flooded with stories of people across the country being taken away. Even worse families were being interrogated by the government if it was even suspected that they had any leaning to the spiritual. 
"Where is Skylar?" I asked El Ra Sun
"You know her and your sister took off into our motel room as soon as we got here. Those two are probably planning a way to get to the mall or something because I know their limited wardrobes are driving them batty." he replied.
"I am finishing these notes; I will meet you all in my patents room in a minute." I told them, I didn't want to rush but I would feel rushed with them hovering plus I needed to focus to make sure every last detail was right. I needed to get down every color, every shape. I did not know why but something was telling me it was necessary.
My uncle Musa was different than the rest of them where I did not know him as well. His day job had him working odd hours so he missed a lot of our gatherings but whenever he attended he would always say something memorable and this morning was no different. 
"You keep those notes Zo because I had a dream about spheres last night too." he said as he closed the door. 
How did you know about my dream Musa? I asked.
Just because I am not around as much does not mean that I am not in tune to what is going on. We have a bond that goes beyond the day to day grid where we connect with each other whether it is a mediation session, a random thought, or a dream. He said.
I have never felt it. I said.
You have but you were not aware of it, you may not have been sure what that feeling was. But trust me moving forward you will be able to identify it. It is a powerful feeling to know that we all move as one. Musa told me.
Well soon enough if what my father has been telling us materializes. I said.
You are already finding the rhythm of the spheres which is why you are dreaming about them. But write down your notes and join us quickly for breakfast before your mother starts to look for you. He said.
When finished my detailing my dream I made my way to my parents room.  I walked through the door the smell of fresh eggs, waffles, fruits, and grits hit my face like an uppercut. I had not really eaten in the past few days minus a snack here and there, so this was right was exactly what I needed.
"It was difficult to save you a plate but I was able to manage. We were not sure you would make it but you know your brother and sister can eat but I wanted make sure that you ate first before everyone came back for more." my mother said.
"Yeah, you were holding up the show but since you finally graced us with your presence we can eat and finally hear what dad wants to tell us." Bilal said.
"So, let me speak for everyone when we say that we are happy that you four chose us for this journey. We are in troubled times where we are openly considered a threat and hunted to be controlled by the elite of this society who wish to maintain their grip on the power structure the world over. You are the ones that will lead this age of progress toward a different course than the current path towards destruction. As you know we have all been given some foresight through our specialties which we shall give to our children. For me it's the qabalah, for El Ra Sun it is the science of the occult. Through this you shall be able to shape a new tomorrow, what that is I cannot say for I cannot see it. It is something that through your discipline and effort that it will manifest." my father said to us all.
"Everything that was purchased for the bookstore will be used to supplement this packet I will be giving to you for your work. The candles, oracles, talismans, stones, and books will all be a part of this process for you because it was no coincidence that you decided to pick them up. Your mother and I will be available for guidance but our main objective was to get you to this point and place this packet in your hands." he continued.

"What is this packet dad?" Nyema asked.
"It is a blueprint to navigate the Tree of Life. A means to manipulate the angles of light from the cosmos to influence the material your world based on your will." my mother explained.
"This system is what brought your father and me together. I had never seen someone so concerned and invested in the spiritual as him. When we talked and I saw this was his focus I immediately took interest based off his peculiarity which does sound strange but it was a uniqueness that kept my interest which was hard to do back then. From that connection you were born. But your father has always had roadblocks in his study where each time he tried to master the tree one of his children was born. It was not until Nyema was about two years old that he started getting back to his studies. And in doing so he was able to foresee what is occurring in the world right now. When these visions became more real to him he shared them with me and I also began work on the tree. From this we got to the point we are at now, it is called scurrying the Tree of Life." my mother explained.
From there it all began to take shape for all three of us. Every moment bringing us to this place came into focus. This scurrying that my parents did how could we use it to take the next steps toward freedoms? At that moment Musa came in telling us to turn on the radio.













Chapter 12
"This just in United States air drones attack areas of New York City and Los Angeles in areas of reported terrorist cells. The death toll now stands at 444 killed. The military on the scene has taken the 216 survivors to FEMA concentration camp for further question concerning the terrorist movement."
That report did two things to our group, it hardened the children because we knew there was no way out and it let our parents know that regardless of how one wants to protect their child this was the point in the game where you go all in, looking to win big.
Their gamble was us. My parents planned on instilling qabalah within us. El Ra Sun had an Eastern practice from the Hindu religion taken from the African spiritual system out of the Indus Valley of Kush which he was giving to Skylar. Musa and El Ra Sun did not have any children but considered us four theirs, so Ra-Sta would assist in the synthesis of the information where we would be able to relate our studies to the world around us. And Musa would work with in the development of ancient and modern self defense principles that we would need to perfect.
"School is starting soon, we have to get you all enrolled under these new identities so that we blend in and do not stand out. We also need to be looking for more permanent living situation, I have the feeling that we are going to be here for a while." my father said glowing with all of his favorite people in the room.
"I found a place for everyone. There are apartments right outside out Tempe near the Foothills of the Red Mountain which has availability for all of us but I suggest we move in waves as to not raise any suspicion. Even though the city is not under heavy surveillance we must still be mindful of what's going on in the world around us." my mother told us.
Well you cannot beat this January weather. I said
Yeah it is better than 25 degree day in DC for sure. I must admit that I was a little more than pessimistic about this before but it isnt that bad we could have moved to Canada like we were runaway slaves or something. Bilal said.
Yeah we are in danger no matter where we travel no artificial borders can protect us when it is the world who is our enemy. Skylar said. 
We are different than other groups because they cannot find the head to cut it off. There is no specific leadership, in place that we as labeled terrorists were following just the instincts and intuitions of the men and women we trusted dearly. This was shaping up to be something special; I knew it from the butterflies that were flying around in my stomach. Although daily reminders of the war against the spiritual people on the planet was always in the forefront of my mind; we only heard reports of what was going on stateside but our parents knew this was a worldwide occurrence and we were the key but it all was dependent on our disciple and effort. But this would get challenged heavily as we became more comfortable in our surroundings. 




Chapter 13
The joy of getting an apartment after everyone had been approved for their new locations was welcomed by us all. Regardless of whatever our spiritual inclinations were, comfort was always a nice luxury to have. We were but a holler away from each other. Our folks felt that a group staying at a motel for an extended period of time would look suspicious so we all moved out. Our parents had their money saved but for us by law we had to go to school yet in these times it seemed like school was a way for the government to gauge how "normal" you were. The governmental elite that ran the globe knew of the threat the youth posed to their future endeavors. It was paramount for them to pick us off and send us to the camps or kill us off, it all depended what kind of threat you were.
It is so great to put some roots down if only for a minute. I said.
Yeah but I do not expect it to last long, I actually prefer the motel because it does not give the illusion of things being permanent. Bilal said.
Well, for now this will do I guess. I just want to get to work, for people tasked with such a huge task we havent been doing much lately. Nyema said.
I dont think they want us coming into school with the glow. Skylar said.
"The point of it all was to keep our energy low. My father said to as we settled into our new location.
You have to listen to that ignorant music that keeps your energy levels grounded where you are only thinking about earthly desires in that feeling you must remain throughout the day because the military and police on the grounds of the school will test you all. Do not lose yourself in the moment; remember what we are doing here. And I have complete confidence in all of you which is why we are doing this." my father instructed us.
Well, I will see you all in the morning; I am going to get myself together so I can be fresh for my first day. See you all in the astral plane. Skylar said 
Well this is a routine I am familiar with. Bilal said getting comfortable in his bed.
Youre a fool, good night boy. Nyema said following suit.
As I got ready for bed, my mind was running at a thousand miles per hour. So much had changed in such a short time. These nightly recollections I was doing gave me a sense of clarity before my slumber where my dreams were becoming lucid by the day. In the midst of my thoughts I drifted into sleep.
Gun shots and alarms woke me up in the morning but I was not in the apartment. I was in school, I had fallen asleep in class and from nowhere the military came storming into the building. For some reason all the students and the teacher were looking to me for guidance. Without thinking I jumped to action, our class was on the second floor in the back of the building so I quickly made my way over to the window selecting a couple of male students to go out first and look around to make sure their we're no soldiers lurking in our direction. With no hesitating they listened to me and jumped out. Looking around they gave the signal that the coast was clear. I instructed everyone to go out and make their way to the woods past the river and wait ten minutes, if I did not arrive then go to your homes and hide. 
I knew these kids were not in any danger, it was us that they were after. I had to find Bilal, Nyema, and Skylar before they did. I moved with a sense of clarity and purpose through the halls on the way to their classes. When I arrived at each room it was empty. Still I kept hearing the footsteps of soldiers approaching. As I ran to the footsteps I heard screaming but the screams we're not of pain or agony but of victory after a major battle had been won. 
As the noise grew closer with every footstep I made my way to a door that was cracked. In that door I saw myself immersed in blackness and chaos but happy. At this moment I realized I was dreaming, quickly I looked at my hand and pulled them closer to me. I then realized that I never said a word to any of those students, they were following my orders through my thoughts.
The more I realized it was a dream the more control I had. I was able to just lift off like a jet and reach where Bilal, Skylar and Nyema were, throwing away any soldier that approached. We all were then able to lift off away from the school and shot straight up like an arrow into the sky. We landed on a cloud and in that cloud there was a tree with my father sleeping at the stump. When he saw us his face shinned with delight but this quickly turned to focus as he said to us, "Let's begin." 
At that time I woke up in a sweat, grabbing a glass of water trying to come down from the natural high given from the dream yet still not for sure I was awake.
I immediately turned to my brother and sister who were fast asleep. As I adjusted my pillow to lay back down I couldn't help but to recall how vivid everything was in the dream and the sight of my father in the clouds. The tree behind him looked magnificent, surreal even with its girth and height it seemed to extend into outer space. 
The abstractness of these thoughts seemed foreign and almost out of place as I went back to sleep to prepare for life as an ordinary school kid. The high stakes games of terrorist and freedom fighters seemed the opposite end of the spectrum, yet I had to get some rest for my first day at my new school. This new path I was walking upon with a new identity in toe was approaching. And these in depth thoughts of higher planes and mysticism had the energy centers in my body vibrating which I knew could set off an alarm if I did not get them under control before school started. So I grabbed my iPod and turned on some music which brought me back down falling back asleep in the process.














Chapter 14
"Wake up!" my father yelled into our room as the sun tickled the edge of the morning horizon. 
10 more minutes. We screamed in unison.
Okay, he said but make sure you are out of here on time, and your mother is making breakfast. He said.
Why did you just say that from the beginning instead of coming in here like we are in boot camp? I said to him.
Its a thin line Zohar. He said.
You smell that, waffles, bacon. Wait a minute mom is making bacon? Nyema asked as the pull of the pork dragged us to the kitchen.
Yes, today is important especially because of Zohars dream last night. We need the food to weigh your spirit down a little bit because he is vibrating right now and I can feel him which will sure set off any scanners. But this along with the music will be sure to level you all out but know this is not how your diet will be here. So, enjoy your filthy swine. He said
Well when you put it that way I dont mind if I do. Bill said chomping right into the bacon.
Thanks Zo, have crazy dreams more often and we may not have to eat like rabbits. Nyema said.
Any time. I responded 
As I began to get ready for my first day of school in Phoenix, I was nervous. This was not like back home. It had been about a few weeks since we left home and the adjustment back to school was not going to be that difficult. But that dream had me rattled, the tree, the soldiers, all of it seemed a mixture of fear and freedom all in one. What was my subconscious trying to tell me? My parents revelation about the tree definitely struck a chord within me, then with the addition of the drone strikes, yesterday was slightly traumatic to say the least. But there is a silver lining in it all because we have a way out. It is up to us four to put in the effort and work after our school studies as we embark on this journey through this tree which has given our parents such ability to keep us alive where we may be the only hope left.
You all ready to go, we only got a short walk to the school. Bilal asked excitingly. 
I need some normality; all this seems like something off a TV or movie. I need a lunch room, homeroom, and any other room in a school where it is not as serious as it is here. I do not even know what sport season they are in to try out for, it is so warm. Do they play baseball and soccer year around? he continued.
We would move faster if you stopped running your mouth about all that you are going to do, lets get out of here. Nyema interjected. 
I do not see why being normal is so special for you, if you have not learned anything how we are, what we are, and what our universal duty is has kept us alive up until this point. she said.
Okay, we can leave because you are not making any sense right now; being who we are is why we are in the predicament. Bilal yelled.
Everyone is under the thumb of the elite. We are lucky to conscious of it all, and I would rather know and be a threat than be dumb and blind to what is going on out here. Bilal you need to get it together before we head out, your need to be normal can get us killed. Nyema rebutted.
They at it again Zo? Skylar said as she poked her head into our room.
You know how they are, best friends and worst enemies. I replied 
Well lets get out of here; we cannot be late our first day. Skylar said
She was right, all the bickering stopped and we all put our iPods in with our music to bring our energy signatures down as we made our way to school. Nyema and Skylar were in the same class where Bilal and I had to fend for ourselves in our new environment. As we separated for the day I felt butterflies as I walked around the building because it looked just like my dream. But that was impossible because I was never here before; I remembered our parents discussion with us about new abilities coming to the forefront now that we were in the center of the Milky Way Galaxy. So, I just attributed it to that whether right or wrong, all I knew is that this experience was new but familiar. Still, there was a sense of comfort because at the end of the day I knew I had complete control of the environment.
As I walked into the classroom, I had a certain confidence the glowed which caught the attention of everyone in the room. 
Who is the hotshot? I heard whispered amongst the students in the class.
Students meet your new classmate Zohar, he just moved to the area and he will be with moving forward.
As I took my seat in the class, I felt all the students looking at me. But I was happy to be starting fresh in a new place. As I opened up my book I was able to keep up with ease because my parents had always made sure that I was ahead in my studies. With three children all within three grades of each other they stressed the need for academic achievement for scholarships to allow us to go to the college of our choosing. This seemed far out of reach given our current situation but business as usual was our mantra and I carried on. 
During lunch I saw Bilal, Nyema, and Skylar eating at the lunch table and I grabbed my food sat with them.
So how is your day going? I asked everyone.
Well, it was okay I guess, basketball season is almost over. But I can still try out for baseball in a few weeks. Bilal said surprisingly.  It was like he was some sort of robot hardwired to be only an athlete although he was brilliant as well, he did not like to show that side of too much to others but wondered why every one of his friends was always shocked to find out he was an honors student.
I hate starting a new school, I feel like all the guys are watching me. Nyema said. 
It is because we are always the cutest in the school. Skylar responded.
Cant lie about that. Nyema said. They shared a laugh and a high five as they continued to deep dive in their own beauty. Bilal and I could not help but to roll our eyes because these two had to be the most conceited girls in the school and we had only been here a few hours.
And then without notice two girls from my class came over to our table. Nyema and Skylar greeted them with a smile and hello. Bilal and I were a little less cool about the situation.
Hey, Zohar right? My name is Shekinah and this is my friend Binah. Welcome to Carter G. Woodson High School if nobody has officially welcomed you yet. You mind if we sit with you all. she asked.
Of course not have a seat. I replied 
Bilal elbowed me in my side.
This is my brother Bilal. I said honoring his request.
Shekinah and Binah were absolutely beautiful. I noticed them in class but wanting to get my bearings first I kept my distance. But I understood Bilals need for an introduction; I would have been the same way. Hey in the midst of the worst situations we were still teenage boys.
So are you two brothers? Shekinah said as she began her questioning in an attempt to get to know us.
What gave it away, the fact that they look almost identical? Nyema said. 
Dont mind her, thats my little sister Nyema and the other one might as well be our sister since we have known each other as long as we took our first steps. I said hoping not to lose the chance for Bilal and me to make acquaintances with these beautiful young ladies.  
No worries, I have a brother too and I am worse than that. Shekinah elegantly replied.
I like her Skylar said, she has a backbone.
So where are you all from? Binah asked.
We are from our nations capitol, the land of democracy and freedom. Nyema responded. 
We just recently got into town; our parents had us relocate from Washington DC because my father got a new job here. Beautiful place, it is completely different to where we come from but we love it out here. I said. 
But enough about us, tell me a little about you. Bilal said cutting me off.
We have lived here forever; it gets kind of boring from time to time honestly. I cannot believe you all are excited about being here and you are from DC. What I would not give for some real city life. Shekinah said.
But with all the terrorist out there causing all these problems with the government, it is probably best to be in a place like Phoenix. Binah said.
My thoughts exactly! Bilal said giving me a look that almost had me burst out into laughter.
Ring, Ring!
Well, that is the bell we have to go back to class you want to walk with us Zohar. Shekinah asked.
Of course, Bilal why dont you come with us being that your class is right down the hall. I said.
Dont mind if I do. Bilal responded.
Nyema and Skylar, we will meet outside once school is over and head home. I instructed.
Boys, they both said simultaneously.
Your sisters seem really cool, crazy but definitely cool. Binah said.
Yes to both observations. Bilal said.
So how is it that two ladies such as yourselves do not have the boys in line here trying to talk to you? I asked.
There are so dull here, they have no soul to them they all just seem like robots. Shekina informed us.
Yeah, you all are a breath of fresh air. Binah said.
Well that is good to hear, how about we get your phone numbers so we can talk some time? I asked. 
Zohar I see youre getting too comfortable, we havent got our phones here. Bilal said to me without speaking it was a look that he gave me where I was able to feel everything that he was trying to convey.
Nevertheless, they passed us there numbers as we made our way back into class for to get through the rest of the day.
As the final bell rang, I was just happy to make it out of the day without any incident outside of the normal. As I met up with the crew we discussed our day and the work that we had to do for the night. I was really interested in what El Ra Sun had planned for Skylar. 







Chapter 15
Hey, Skylar what is this Indus Kush tradition that my father told me that you would be learning as preparation for surviving these time? I asked.
Right now just understanding the pantheon but it is going to get to a point where we will be dissecting different texts and yoga techniques. He is also mixing in some chaos magick with it as well as far as my readings go. But knowing my father he is going to bring it all together and have it all make sense, still the basics I have to get first in order to move forward. She said.
And from what I hear you all are going to be taking on the Qabalah head on. Are you all ready for that? she asked. 
I know I am, and am pretty sure they are too. But it covers a lot of different topics. Similar to yours it is going to be a process but we have the best team around us to have it all make sense for us if we have any questions. I replied.
As Nyema and Bilal walked ahead I could not help realizing that we all were walking into something special tonight. It was the beginning of the rest of our life and I was not sure how it was all going to turn out. Amazingly, I felt as calm as the ocean on summer day in the midst of my thoughts about it all. The more that I continued to think about it the more it became real and I realized that I was accepting this as my life and the way things were now. This was my life and I embraced it, I just had to make sure that all the work that was done by our parents to put us in the position was not in vain and that something positive could come from it. My school-self was just a disguise that I wore during the day but at night our masks came off and we embraced our true selves. 
We are at war but looked at like the villains where we are only being who we naturally are but it is considered a threat to those in power because we can remove they veil and can possibly stop them from their path of corruption and tyranny. But the first step was tonight.
Lets stop by this store to get something to eat, I m hungry. Bilal said.
Yeah me too, but I want something light, maybe a salad because between school work and whatever we have to do tonight it will need energy but nothing too heavy to make me tired, and Skylar is a vegan anyways. Nyema said.
We have known Skylar as long as you Nyema, we know she is a vegan but thanks for the reminder. Bilal replied.
I am still feeling heavy from that bacon this morning. Nyema said.
I think I saw a salad place on the way to school which is right around the corner. We can stop and eat before we get home. I said.
That works for me, but does anyone know how our parents are able to keep us a float with no jobs? Nyema asked.
I had just assumed that they have been saving for this, being that they knew this was coming. But who is to say, the parents I thought I knew so well seemed to have more layers than I thought possible. The depths to their understanding about us and our place in this world went beyond my minds comprehension. We are against the world and are surviving. The thought of it gave me a smile because I knew that once we were trained in whatever our parents had planned we would be a serious threat. It gave me a sense of purpose and I was thankful even knowing the dangers that came along with it. I read a long time ago that your destiny is agreed to before you arrive her on this planet out of your mothers womb, and only the four of us would be crazy enough to agree to something like this I said.
If I was a betting man, it sounds like you enjoy this circus. Bilal said
It is an interesting experiment to say the least, stakes are definitely high but life without any adventure and danger would be dull. I told him.
Enough talking lets get in here and get something to eat. I wouldnt be caught dead eating that garbage they served in the cafeteria. Skylar said. 
We each had a salad, light enough not to weigh us down but filling enough to have us fill for homework. I got the feeling of anxiety sitting at the table with everyone chatting about their first day as I knew our next moments were uncertain. The distraction of school was a good one by our parents I realized. I figured out that they did not want our brains to overload from the information so we had the basic western education to pacify us during the day. In this way we were able to not be overwhelmed by our circumstances and could have one foot in this world and our other foot in the spiritual, we were world travels in the spiritual sense. After a while this would all be routine and that anxiety in the pit of my stomach would subside. I just needed to get this first night under my belt. I do not do well with uncertainty and these current life circumstances had me on my heels where I was constantly adjusting in order to be the rock for the group which was my normal role. Needless to say I was anxious to get home.
You guys almost done, I am ready to go home and put this work in? I asked.
For sure, I want to see what had dad at a standstill in his development. We got show him how to do this, its a young mans game now. He got us in the race, now it is time to cross the finish line. Bilal said.
Finally taking things seriously, I see. Nyema said.
At least you guys have each other I feel like I am on an island. Skylar said.
Never that sis, we will compare notes daily and it will all come together I am sure. They are all too close for us not to find commonalities in their teachings. I told her.
Yeah it is just a different path to the same destination. Nyema said. 
Skylar, your father is a genius and he has some great things planned for you. Regardless of how we study we cannot lose focus of what is going around us, the world is going crazy. The land of the free is not as free as we thought and a war has been waged against our parents and others like them, and do not forget about those synthesis classes you better tell me all about your work tomorrow and I promise to do the same, we are like sisters, heck we are sisters. There is not anyone who could understand having crazy parents like mine but you. So, do not feel bad we are just in different classes but we are on the same path to our degree. Nyema continued.
Okay enough of the Lifetime Network moment between you two we got to get home. I said.
Yeah I just threw up in my mouth. Bilal said.
As we all got back to our apartment we were able to knock out our homework with ease and then the real work began. 



Chapter 16
Here you all go; this is the packet I have had before you all were even a twinkle in my eye. This will allow you to get started on your work on the Tree of Life. But understand that you reading the work of mystics. But because you are who you are I would not follow the book step for step, this is information embedded in the framework of your soul. You are my children and this was on my mind even during your conception and ultimate inception into this world. Add to that you are descendants of those who formed the Tree of Life ages ago, your climb will not be identical to everything that is written albeit they are mystics, you are the authors of the mystic visions they received in order for this book to be in your hands at this very moment. So, enjoy the ride. My father instructed. 
As we opened the book I want to say that there was a glow from the book that illuminated the room but the dramatic effect was nowhere to be found. Just the first session which we all read together, it discussed the purpose of the Tree of Life workbook and gave a brief description of the different spheres of the tree of life. It was all very abstract and not very specific which of course took us a moment to internalize. We were told that the reality that we see is strictly based on perception. This perception is influenced heavily by light. We were very familiar with light and specifically energy from our mother who always told us, Energy is neither created nor destroyed. This whole world was a piece of light bended in different manners and directions nothing is real but the energy that we give it. 
As we reflected on the words in the opening lesson of the packet my father gave to us it all started to sink in. This book is attempting to bring the dormant potential that is latent in us to the forefront and change the way we look at reality which will give birth to something else, what that something else was I was not yet sure of. I was taken aback by this revelation because my understanding about qabalah was that it was Jewish mysticism so I was expecting to be studying the Old Testament of the Bible. But my first impression was anything but that. I skimmed through the pages to get an idea of what we were getting ourselves into I saw astrology, tarot, elements, and planets discussed. There was the Hebrew alphabet but it was not given to understand how to speak the language but a tool to be used to connect the various ideas together. 
Through understanding all these concepts the packet instructed the reader that powers beyond their wildest imaginations will occur if these concepts are mastered but it must be done at a pace not to overwhelm the mind which will need time to process all these new ideas found within the pages. The directions given to process these new ideas was meditation which was not to difficult for us because we have been meditating since we were five years old. 
Each of us on our fifth birthday was given a party and later a CD which we worked with our parents on from that day moving forward. It was Learn How to Meditate. My father always gave credit to that CD for his first out of body experience where he felt himself lifting off like a balloon being let go by a child into the air. Although a great moment in his life it was also a great failure for him because he let his body win over his soul in that moment where during the meditation when he felt himself leaving his body he got scared. He told us this is the battle between the body and soul. 
The body has a mind of its own and is happy in third dimension. A pact has to be made between the soul and the body where the body is given subtle vibrations from the soul allowing the soul to have control in third dimension over the physical body. 
It was not until several years later that my father had the pact made, the same day that he got the packet on the qabalah. So, the mediation would not be a problem for us. We all agreed to a time to mediate together each day at ten oclock at night. During this time we would quiet our minds and mediate on the short descriptions given in the book on each sphere on the tree of life. 















Chapter 17
The first sphere which sat upon the top of the tree was Kether, the sphere was the crown of the tree closest to the cosmic mind of the universe which according to the mystical writers of the packet nobody would be able to reach. We all took that as a challenge in our minds but never spoke that goal to each other.
The second sphere of the tree was Chockmah, this represented wisdom but in its uncontrollable form.
The third sphere was Binah, this represented understanding and is also used to house the raw energy of Chockmah and give it limitation as it is directed throughout the rest of tree. 
I have to say this was not what I was expecting. Nyema said.
This seems to worse than the Sepher Yetzirah and the Gates of Light because at least these books gave us tools towards the end of the book. I said.
Yes, this seems like a review of concepts. Bilal said. 
Lets just keep reading and see what we find out, we have to get out of this microwave generation thinking expecting everything to happen right away. Nyema said to us. 
Zohar wasnt that girl from school today named Binah? Bilal asked.
Yeah I didnt make the connection initially as I was looking at her boobs. I said.
You think they are agents sent to track our movements? Bilal asked. 
First of all, ill Zohar But I think that would not be the smartest thing to do is send an agent to watch students of the qabalah with a name they could easily recognize and connect to any sort of surveillance. It is the universe speaking to us you feel me, we are on the right path for sure. she said.
In this environment you can never be too safe let be grab my trusty pendulum to see for myself. Bilal said.
Always the Sagittarius I see, never believing anything and having to find it out for yourself. I said to him.
Isnt that always the safest bet? he said to me.
For our sake, I hope so. Nyema responded. 
So, what did it say? I asked. 
Nyema was right. He said laughing. 
Lets get back to it. I told them.
 As we delved back into our lesson we reviewed how these three spheres or sephirot in Hebrew were know as the Supernal Triad which were the highest powers known in the universe and highest states of consciousness achieved by man.
This where I wanted to get to but we had a long way to go, the top three sphere were separated by an abyss where below it the other seven spheres resided. 
The fourth sphere was named Chesed, which was mercy. The fifth sphere was Geburah which was severity, the sixth sphere Tiphareth which was harmony, the seventh sphere Netzach which was victory, the eighth sphere Hod which was glory, the ninth sphere Yesod which was foundation. These six spheres were separated from each other by the veil of the sanctuary; it was not as large of a separation as the abyss but still required much effort to cross. The final sphere was Malkuth which was the kingdom which represented closet the tree got to the physical world.
This is a lot of stuff to process. Bilal stated scratching his head. 
If we were able to figure out that all that these school systems teach is bunch of foolishness and lies, yet still manage to be the best in the class; this should be a challenge for us but we will manage. Nyema said.
But this is not new information we have at least came across this all before. I said to them.
Yes, but we have never been pass this point and this is only day one. So, in our first encounter with this it covers everything we have learned in our lives about the system in a matter of moments, and we are just cracking this open. Bilal said. 
It was intense to be honest. There were so many connections to be made and it was only the first day of study. Each sphere was connected to four minor arcana cards in the tarot deck. So, that was a great buy from the spiritual shop we stopped at when we first arrived to Arizona. 
The sphere of Kether was related to the Aces cards in the tarot deck, Chockmah had the twos from the deck, and so on and so forth all the way down the tree to Malkuth which were related to the tens of pentacles, swords, cups, and wands. 
But that was only the beginning there were also four worlds to the tree which were Atziluth, Briah, Yetzirah, and Assiah.
In these worlds they each contained their own tree and had a whole different set of correspondences. For instance, each tree was matched with a royal face cards composed of Kings, Queens, Knights, and Pages which were equivalent to the four worlds respectively. Now this only made sense because my mother had been reading tarot since a child and it was a part of our family tradition so to say. It freaked a lot of my friends out but you cannot change who you are. So the understanding of the cards was not too much of a stretch. But still it was a lot to take in. It was recommended that we focus each night on a specific sphere from the supernal triad on down to Malkuth to allow our subconscious mind to begin to grasp the root of the tree before specific exercises on each individual sphere and each path. In total there were thirty-two pieces of the tree 10 spheres and 22 paths per world.
You know this is similar to grandpas Masonic teachings with the thirty-two degrees and the thirty-third path being the Ain Soph Aur.I said.
I was able to gather as much from the book and connect it to what I already was aware of.
 This Ain Soph Aur was the triple dark blackness seen in ancient Egyptian writings of the deity Ausar also known as Osiris. Our understanding of the Tree of Life was different from contemporary Kabbalah that you would get from a pseudo-spiritual kaballah center. We had a black qabalah which made our purchases and reading material from the spiritual store in Arizona so interesting.
I mean I grabbed the Gates of Light which was a treatise on the way of the traditional Jewish doctrine of the Kaballah based on manuscripts such as the Zohar, the Bahir, and the teachings of Rabbi Isaac Lauria. Bilals book, the Book of Coming Forth by Day was one of the oldest known religious/spiritual texts in the world. Nyemas book the Sefer Yetzirah dealt specifically with a plane on the tree of life and focused on manifesting your will in the physical world through manipulation of the Hebrew letters.
We just have a lot of studying to do so that we can understand these books inside and out and share them with each other, comparing notes in the process. Nyema said. 
This may all seem a little too much but it all made sense giving what our parents taught us. Our people were the origin of everything. The people that were portrayed by the media as the chosen people were converts to a religion that was new to the world but based in old African traditions which is why the text from which it received its highest acclaim talked down on the land that gave birth to the planet. It was necessary to discredit and pillage a place that birthed so much. Through Bilals book we were able to link the different pictures also known as glyphs or better yet Metu Neter in their ancient tongue with their Hebrew counterparts and understand that this qabalah system was only a piece to a puzzle and this piece was taken from Egypt or better yet Kemet the land of the black. 
I see why it was so important for mom and dad to push this information on us so early. I hated them for it but as the days go by I understand their madness. Bilal said
Yeah, listening to the television will have look every way but the right direction to figure this all out. I said.
I just do not know what they expect this all to do. We are just reading books though it is like a big study session. But what is the point, what is the end game? Bilal asked. 
I guess that is for us to find out Bilal. Nyema said.  
It was all about reclamation and redemption, there was an evil being perpetuated by the elitists of the world under the leadership of the pope, the United Nations, and the president of the United States. They were using this system in order to oppress the masses. The world was under their spell as they were able to bend light and manifest their will on the people since they operated in groups their vibrations from the energy they were manifesting was greater than the sum of everyone doing nothing using the same science that we were learning. 
But original people they were not, they were as my mother called them imposters living off the ages of work put in by ancient people but claiming it as their own and offering no credits to the innovators of the genius that they are reaping the benefits of whether from the basic that were taught in the classroom to the closed conversations behind the curtain. It was now our time to take back what it was ours but it was going to be a gradual progression and not happen overnight. But it was important to see ourselves in the system; we were the beginning which made Bilals book he discovered in the store so powerful because from that book we were able to link everything. 
Now I am not saying that the Egyptian Doctrine was the oldest spiritual book ever made but as far as we knew it was the oldest manuscript that we had available for study. But being that the translation was written by person who was melanin deficient, I do not think the writer had the tools to in order to properly interpret it. Everything was linear where the mind of melinated people rotated in a three hundred sixty degree manner similar to the planet being that we were composed of the same celestial matter as the cosmos. It was not to say that melinated people were better per se but original and in tune with the planet, where their vibrations were on the same frequency and when those people were able to redirect their thinking the frequency of the planet would respond. But again this would take time we had to get our feet in the dirt and become one with tree as we began our journey. 
The first night of meditation focused on Kether, we all read about the sphere in the packet prior to our meditation. In the packet it focused on the qualities of the sphere which was absolute unity. It had no attributes and qualities that went beyond this quality of unity. It was the idea that everything was connected and apart of the oneness that connected every thread in existence where everything beyond that was a step away from the perfect black where perfection and chaos went hand in hand. 
You all ready to go in and see what this qabalisitic hype is all about? Bilal asked.
 What did this system have to offer us and could it really help redirect our current lot as terrorist. If so, what would the cost be?
As we each put on the pentacle chains and placed our items bought at the store next to us. I had my wand, Bilal had his sword, and Nyema her chalice; we lit a candle and burned some myrrh oil. From then on we began to focus on in and out breaths on an eight count, eight in and eight out. After we lost track of counting and there was only the breath, our minds started to clear; from then on we were able to focus on the sphere of Kether and the idea of absolute unity. It was in this moment I felt the minds of my brother and sister, it was very subtle as everything was in moments like this where their energy signatures were very strong and pushing on my space. It was not in an intruding, but we were connecting in some way. I felt them but it was not their physical body, their aura was expanding and so was mine and it was like two universes colliding. During this first session I did not experience any mind chatter, usually I think of day to day things such as work that needed to be done for class, chores for home, or any type of mundane worries. In this moment it was peaceful and I would not want to experience this with anyone other than Nyema and Bilal. 
After fifteen minutes of mediating on the sphere we opened our eyes and blew out the candle. There was not much that was said because we said so much to each other without saying anything. We all just gathered our belongings and made our way to bed for the evening. 


















Chapter 18
As I closed my eyes and recalled the day we had, I went to bed with a smile for the first time in weeks. There was no fear of tomorrow only hope of what could be. I was optimistic where the problems of the world were out of sight and out of mind. It was only the moment that I was cherishing. I felt the beginning of new routine where normality, as much of a life for us that could be normal was within the grasp of our finger tips and all we had to do was take it and it was ours. I felt safe in Phoenix, Arizona as long as we followed the protocol our family had put in place for us. Look as normal as possible and fit in to the culture of Phoenix. Simple rules to follow and we would be fine. Although there were whispers of uncertainty and fears of unrealistic self-assurance and group assurance, they were ignored and replaced by thoughts of hopes of what could be when we succeeded. Even in moments of understanding the age of my soul, my brain and all my other human faculties were still in its development and I was still a kid. Nevertheless, I closed my eyes and fell into my dreams like a dive into a pool on a summer day.
My dream that night was like a flash of pictures hitting me in the face simultaneously where I was not even able to make sense of out it. There was a black hand holding a wand rushing towards me but it was not the wand I purchased from the store. This wand that fashioned out of old deep cherry wood that seemed from a time long ago aged and had an engraving that read Out of Many One. The next image was throne sitting in the middle of the abyss, the blackness stretched out for what appeared to be eternity. As I reached to get closer to the throne it moved further and further away as I made an attempt to reach for it I sank down and fell for what seemed like forever. In my fall I saw my brother and sister not able to reach out to grab them and they did not even see me falling. 
I woke up in a heavy sweat and a panic. I hated those falling dreams where I never seemed to be able to catch myself. As it turned over I saw Bilal looking at me concerned.
You ok Zohar? he asked with a sense of sincerity that through me off because that was not his usual approach. 
You let out a helpless yell that woke me out of my sleep. Nyema added.
I am fine just one of those dreams but I am not sure what to make of it just a lot of images that I am not really able to connect. Wands, thrones, and falling down into what seemed a complete void; I felt helpless and that is not what I need during my sleep, I have moments like that every day. I responded. 
Maybe that is what it is all about. Nyema said.
Yeah maybe, I got to shake that feeling if that is the case. I replied.
Thank goodness I have a healthy mix of cockiness and delusions of grandeur. Bilal said. 
Now thats the Bilal I know, that caring person must have been an out of body experience. Were you astral traveling before you woke up and had an entity walk in or something? I asked.
You see Zohar that doesnt work for you. Let me be Eddie Murphy and you be Charlie Murphy. Bilal replied.
As I rolled over I decided to listen to Nyemas advice of the situation. With everything that was going on my place of solitude of dream space, the control I felt prior to closing my eyes quickly disappeared. I was a fool to think that meditation, reading a book, getting some spiritual tools, and a packet was enough. I understood what my parents were trying to do but they could not see this far. They were only doing what was best in their minds but I have not really taken an honest and critical look at our situation.
From the night the president made that address their response was to protect us which I understand but coming out to Arizona to hide and build up to train for whatever the future may hold is almost like a cop out. What about the people who were taken to the concentration camps? Who plans for them and what is their fate? 
I am forever grateful for what my parents have done for us. We are safe but there are people that are not, with the constant drone strikes and raids it is only a matter of time before there is no one left to fight with us. But what does it mean to fight an army when we are only kids ourselves? Our parents just seemed content with getting us here and letting us figure it out, it kind of feels like we are no better than cowards. Why cant they push the envelope with us against this tyranny instead of just having their heads in the clouds?
These questions began to light an infuriating sense of anger that had my body feeling sick. I was angry and still not able to address and solve this feeling of helplessness. I felt stuck and left out in the middle of the desert with no map on how to get where I needed to go. All I could look to was my siblings and our friends for solace and understanding; we were all in the same boat. And we could not talk to people in school because we were supposed to keep a low profile by our parents. 
I took heed to that counsel after hearing discussions at school about what they thought of the terrorist activities that were suppose to threatening national security. We had to keep quiet because if the wrong person caught wind of who we really were then we would compromise everything our parents sacrificed and planned in order to get us to this point. I was not sure I willing to do that even as angry as I was at the moment. But organization was the key in a strategic way. I needed to shake this feeling of helplessness and pulling in people was the way to do it. So tomorrow at school was the beginning of recruitment by paying more attention to my surroundings and seeing what this area had to offer other than a safe haven for my family.














Chapter 19
The sun crept over the horizon peeping into our bedroom waking me up like a light tap on the shoulder. I was still stuck in my feelings from the night before and could not get out of them. If there were different stages of surviving the tyranny of the government I was definitely at the resentment stage but it was directed at my parents. Regardless of whatever their sacrifice to get us to this point, it was inconsequential. It was like being in a basketball game with .7 seconds left on the clock and being given the ball to win the game. 
We are surely the type to win it but why give up the rock in the first place. I felt we needed more than just the four of us in order to make this a success. My plan was simple, just observe and see if I saw anything in the students that may be like us. This plan had to be kept close to the vest because I could not let the others know what I was thinking. Between their moments of patting themselves on the back for being chosen to save the world, I was not sure that my recruitment efforts would be greeted with open arms by the others.
You all ready for another day at school? This routine is starting to settle in with me. Bilal said as he began getting ready.
Bilal, it has only been one day; I worry about your desire for a normal life. Nyema replied.
It is all about moderation Nyema, a little bit of this and a little bit of that keeps you sane. Bilal countered.
Well as you all figure that out I am going to get ready and get something to eat. I said in an effort to end the qualm so that we could get the day started.
As I made my way to the kitchen my mother had a fruit medley going on with mangos, strawberries, blueberries, grapes, all types of melons, and kiwi. And I loved fruit it gave me great energy to get started the day, it helped keep me focused. Focus was something that I needed for today; I had to be keen but unnoticeable so not to ruffle any feathers. 
We finished our plates and made our way to school after picking up Skylar on the way. It only took a few moments of silence before I asked her about her studies with her father the night before.
So how did it go with El Ra Sun? I asked.
It was very broad but specific. We talked about nature and how it plays a role in everything that we do. It is the way that the universe speaks to us whether we have a question and a breeze passes by to give us an answer or the way the sun may shine on you the day you are having your lowest point. It is all about nature. He also went into how nature is at the center of all spiritual systems because it is a way to comprehend the way that nature operates. Skylar explained to us.
This was very different than my fathers approach which was focused on a particular system. It had me intrigued on what the weekend had in store with our synthesis classes from Ra because connections were suppose to be made in order to bring everything we are doing together. I do not know if I was slow but I was not seeing how that is possible. We are looking at a Tree of Life with spheres and terms and she is taking about wind blowing. Either these guys were geniuses or idiots, the jury was still out. They needed to show and prove that what they are doing is right especially with my current mind set. I am not into blind faith that is for other people not for me, I challenge everything and this was not different only the circumstances that surrounded us. And if we are wrong and risking our life to feed our parents need to feel important or deal with a middle age crisis it was of no interest to me.
As we made our way into class for the day, I was disappointed by what I saw. 
Have you noticed how regular everyone is here? I asked Nyema.
I think that is the point Zohar, the more regular the people the less the government is inclined to be here. I am good what is in Phoenix. Nyema said laughing.
I guess. I responded.
Everybody was so robotic, just walking around like zombies ignoring the crisis of the world around them like it did not even matter. I was not sure if they could possibly be pretending like we were but nothing was sticking out that made me feel otherwise. So with disappointment I went from my locker to homeroom. 
When I walked in I was greeted by Binah and Shekinah. They had the biggest smiles on their face which made me feel a little better after the disappointment of a lack of potential recruits in the hallway. These were pretty ladies, Binahs presence gave me the feeling that I could create  the best out of this situation that had me in a funk since last night where Shekinah just made me feel safe. It was not a normal feeling that I got from any other female before and I did not know them enough to have any romantic feelings for either of them, it was just an indescribable feeling of peace and completion they gave me, one of understanding and power over any obstacle in my way. It was an attraction that drew them to me and vice versa.
Good morning ladies, a pleasure as always to see your beautiful faces. I said to them in my GQ mode. You never know what the future holds and with feelings like these are in the air I needed to make sure I had their undying affection in the event that I did begin to develop feelings or required their assistance down the road. Hey, my parents were not the only ones to plan ahead.
I am ok, just looking worried about the test coming up next week. Shekinah replied. 
It is just Geometry it is easy, I have been studying that stuff since elementary school. I said to them.
Well that must be nice than you can be our tutor. Shekinah interjected.
My brother is also good at Geometry, it may be best to have a big study sessions together he and I work great together. I responded like any great brother would and should in any situation like that.
Great, we will discuss it at lunch; hopefully your sister and her friend will not give us such a hard time. Shekinah said.
I cannot make any promises about that. My sister and Skylar are very protective of us because they do not want us wasting our time with girls who are not worth it because they do not want to waste their time trying to see the good in them. They have high expectations for us but you all seem ok. I said.
As the bell rang we got to our seat and I was noticing a glare of hate from a student in the classroom. I had never noticed him before today and was not sure what to make of it. I paid it no attention as I assumed it was the normal high school new kid tension that I had seen so many times on television shows and movies. 
I was not susceptible to such intimidations for a number of reasons, the most important being that I was comfortable in my own skin and did not need approval from anyone. And when you add all the stuff my family was dealing with, petty high school squabbles were the least of my worries. Still I could not help think it was my conversation with Binah and Shekinah that was the cause, and without thinking I grinned to myself which seemed to anger this person in the corner thus escalating the situation in his mind due to his ineffective intimidation methods. 
I continued to pay attention in class although I knew all this information because we learned Chemistry at home early in junior high school years, it was still a good refresher. But I had my difficulties paying attention in spurts due to my ability to feel his glare from the other side of the room.
After the bell rang to signify the end of the class, I grabbed my books and packed them up in my book bag and made my way to the door. As I crossed the threshold I felt a heavy shoulder that connected with mine like a punch from a heavyweight which lunged me forward to the ground and with the weight of my book bag I almost fell to the floor but was able to keep my balance. I turned and saw it was that same guy who was giving me those crazy looks from the other side of the classroom. I felt bad because I should have seen it coming.
Watch where you are going man! he said. 
I did want to get out character and remained poised during the situation. I knew I was in control of the situation.
Honest mistake, no worries, I am Zohar by the way. I said as I extended my hand to offer some type of peaceful resolution which seemed to throw him off a little it.
I do not shake hands with the likes of your kind! he continued with his tone escalating to an even higher level than before.
My kind, what do you mean? You have an issue with black people? I asked. 
You know what I mean; you think the military is the only ones capable of reading you all? We are not scared of your kind here terrorist! he exclaimed.
With what felt like the whole school looking at me in that moment I caught a glimpse of Bilal, Nyema, and Skylar down the hall but I gave them the signal to leave. They hesitated at first but Bilal grabbed them and took them away from the confrontation.
I do not know what you are talking about, I am not a terrorist; just a guy trying to get to my next class. I said.
I have my scanner that I have to check people around to make sure spiritual levels are not too high and yours were reading off the chart. he said.
Immediately I knew what was happening and he was right. In my haste this morning to get look at new recruits, I forgot to lower my levels by listening to my music. I was in a bad place because even though this kid was harmless, my cover was blown and to make it worse I had also jeopardized everybodys safety but I needed to think quickly on my feet. Take your lemons and make lemonade my father had always told me. I took a deep breath to calm myself and concentrate on lowering my energies, it was only a matter of few seconds I felt them going down.
I do not know what low budget scanner you got but you may want to check that again. I said with a smile on my face because I already knew how this was going to end.
This is top of the line, my father works for the Federal Bureau of Investigations. He knew that your kind would be out here sooner or later. he said
He began to pull his scanner out which was really nice in all honesty. I had never had the opportunity to see one up close before, it was only from a distance as I saw the military scan us on the way to Arizona from DC. 
What the heck, this was registering off the charts earlier I promise. He said.
The whole hallway which was full of students that were going to class were caught staring out our little confrontation broke out into laughter at this poor guy.
Instead of being mad at me, you should be looking for whoever sold you that junk and if you got that from your FBI daddy, I truly feel in danger for the safety of this country if this is the technology that they are using. I said.
The uproar brought teachers out of the class but when they hit the hallways everything was already over and I had moved onto locating Bilal, Nyema, and Skylar.
I saw them waiting near the bleachers by the football field.
Here he is! Bilal said. 
Really Zohar? We have only been here two days and you already got discovered and by a student no less. Nyema said.
I am just glad you are ok. Skylar said. 
I was so riled up this morning I forgot to listen to my music, so I guess that stuff we are doing is really working because he said that I was reading off the chart. I said. 
I felt you were in trouble Zohar, I went to Nyema and she felt the same. Bilal said.
 Yeah but you almost got caught. How did you manage to get yourself out of a one way ticket to a FEMA Concentration Camp anyways? Nyema asked.
 I just took myself out of the moment and caught myself and took a deep breath. When he went to do his reading in front of everyone he got nothing. It was quite spectacular. I said.
It doesnt seem like they have any technology to deal with anybody like us. Skylar said.
It seems their technology is only equipped to handle the Johnny come lately to the spiritual movement. The ancient ones whose have been around forever must go undetected due to our abilities to do what Zohar did. They must only be detaining their own. Nyema said.
Sounds about right, it seems we are working with a head start that is until Zohar gets caught again. Bilal said.
It seemed that my fathers packet was working for us on a pace that I did not even see coming. We were really connected outside of the norm, even the look I gave them during my little brush up they took and it seemed that the only deterrent was their natural concern for my well-being. 
My temper tantrum this morning was put into perspective, understanding the effects for all those I care about if I did not remain focused on what we had to do. In my moment of immaturity, I almost got us identified and now definitely have a suspicious eye cast on by one of my classmates. It seems my whole intentions of recruitment went in a direction that I was not prepared for when now I possibly recruited myself for federal surveillance.
Who was that guy anyways? I asked.
Some wanna be police. Skylar said
Well, he said his father was an FBI agent or something, I couldnt really keep up with all of the hostile vibes he was sending my way. I added.
Well youre here now, so hopefully he will back off. Bilal said. 
We could kill him. Nyema blurted out then immediately covered her mouth.
Although that is the best thing to do under the conditions, I would automatically be a suspect being that we just had a public incident. We are trying to keep us out of the FEMA Camps Nyema not give them our gifts on a silver platter. I said.
We need to get back to class, we are already late. Lets talk at lunch unless your girls Shekinah and Binah are going to be tagging along again.  Nyema said. 
I could tell she did not like holding her tongue when they were around but we had to be social and fit in. Our parents were clear on their instructions for our assimilation into school which was be as normal as possible and kids talked to other kids during lunch. I was not sure what she wanted from me.
I do not know what you are talking about Nyema, I hope they do come, we got the walk home and when get back to the apartments to strategize. I am young, in high school and Zohar got a pretty lady lined up for me. Man lock that up Zohar. Bilal said as Nyema rolled her eyes. 
Look we will play it by ear. This is my fault anyways I will figure out how to fix this and get the heat off of us, so that we are not a cause for concern for this kid. But Nyema you have to understand that Binah and Shekinah have been here and can give us an idea of how students out here think about us, what is normal, and maybe even people like us. I said.
Why dont you all find some females for us and guys for yourselves? You two are thick as thieves, always have been using your beauty for the movement. God didnt give you those good looks for nothing. You see we are using our good looks to reel in the ladies. Bilal said.
Thats a good idea Bilal, I am not trying to pimp you all out by any means but you need to find out who that guy was. Ask around and try to do something by lunch, Bilal and I will do the same. I asked.
Sounds fair, and do not think we do not have boys trying to talk to us, we just have higher standards than you guys, so typical. Skylar said shaking her head.
They have always been like that Skylar, so fixed on anything that pays them any attention. You boys need to see the forest not the trees, you get so excited by anything that gives you the time of day. Nyema said.
Regardless of what they were saying I think our suggestions were being considered by the ladies. But I needed to find out more about that jerk who tried to pull my card in front of the whole class. That do-gooder was going to be a thorn in my side, I could just see it. Not trying to project negativity but my instincts were telling me that would be the case. But I felt like I could get information at lunch and also try to make some friends along the way. I think my popularity took a jump today from the way I handled the situation after first period. 
As we made our way to class that thought was reaffirmed by all the thumbs up and positive looks I was getting at every turn. I could get use to this; I know my parents said keep a low profile. Lemonade out of lemons I thought with a quiet laugh to myself as I took a seat for my next class.

Chapter 20
On my way to my lunch I ran across a particular fellow, he was in a few of my classes but he kept to himself. He was pushed around a lot by the cool kids who to me were my future garbage men and mail carriers; nevertheless, he was the butt of a lot of torment to many at the school. His name was Zayin, and I had introduced myself right before I made my way into lunch.
Hey whats up, I see that these guys are not only just jerks to me I see. I said. 
Yeah they have been like that since freshman year. They have never called me a terrorist though, that is new. You handled it pretty well, these days that is the worst thing to call someone. he said. 
People say what they can but it does not mean anything to me. I know who I am and what I stand for which is more than a lot of these so called tough guys can say about themselves. Do you know who that kid was by the way? I asked.
That was Aleister he has some spell over the student body at school. They think he is so cool but I do not see it, he just seems like a jerk to me who has nothing original to add other than his money and his parents exploits in government and entertainment. Zayin said.
Well to each his own, I am hungry who you sitting with? I asked.
Oh I usually do not eat in here, I just grab something to run and head to the library. he said.
Today is different; you have to meet my crew. You seem cool and we are new and need to get to know people so why not? I asked.
Sure what is the worst that can happen? he added.
As we walked into the room I was still receiving pats on the back, seemed like Aleister was not the most liked guy in the school so this was a great situation for us. I saw Bilal in the lunch line and made my way over to him.
Hey Bilal this is Zayin, seems like a cool guy so I thought I would introduce them to the mob. I said.
Just a fair warning our sister and her friend who might as well be our sister too are crazy and inseparable. So do not take whatever lumps they give you personally, I think they enjoy tormenting the souls of others. Bilal said.
Before I could even massage his worries a loud bang was heard from the other side of the lunch room.
Next time you call my brother a terrorist I will end you do you hear me1 Nyema said in a loud voice that carried over the entire lunchroom. 
I pulled my head down for a moment in shame and quickly made my way over to the disturbance although it was more to make sure she did not hurt anybody. As Bilal and I pulled the two culprits from the scuffle with Aliester which of course was Skylar and Nyema luckily nothing had escalated to the point where teachers had to be involved.
You said make an impression right. Nyema said as we were walking away with a sadistic smile on her face.
Yeah but you probably scared the hell out of every guy in the school. You all do not have the concept of blending in at all. You three are going to make me a social outcast, and then Zohar is bringing around strays. I mean come on! Bilal said.    
As we made our way back to our lunch table, I caught Aleister and his friends starring a hole into us but I paid it no mind and began to try to figure out what Nyema was thinking.
Really Nyema, really? I asked.
She responded with her famous shoulder shrug which she has been doing since a toddler.
Somebody needed to check him and Bilal did not say anything so what was I suppose to do? she asked.
And you know we follow each other up on everything! Skylar added.
Did he touch you? I continued to question.
Do you think he would still be walking around if he did? Nyema said.
Nyema, Zohar already won without having to step outside himself, there was no need for us to get involved. Bilal said.
Well he lost twice today then, and I did not step outside myself Bilal. I was completely in character and everyone in this school got a glimpse. Nyema continued. 
You all said we needed to meet different people, and what better introduction. Two beautiful ladies that can get a little dirty when needed. Isnt that a guys dream? Skylar asked.
I guess we will see. I said
And who is this guy at our table? Nyema asked still turned all the way up from the confrontation.
This is Zayin; we met him on the way in here. He has had issues with Aleister as well. We did not get too much into their issues yet which why I asked him to sit with us. If I would have known that you two ladies were on the strangest popularity campaign I have ever heard of ready to fight for respect I may have told him to come by tomorrow. I said. 
As we sat down and ate our food we were able to get a better glimpse into who Zayin was. He was a recent transplant from New York City where his parents were relocated for work because his father had got a new teaching opportunity in the area. He seemed to have a hard time adjusting to life in Arizona. He hated the heat, missed the grass-well what little he saw in the concrete jungle of NYC, and most importantly he was not a fan of Aleister. I lived by the rule that the enemy of my enemy was my friend and Zayin made that statement easy because he was so easy to be around. He had that arrogance and cockiness of your typical New Yorker but there was an energy that he gave off that made us feel like we had known him forever. We all just clicked and that was not easy with us. 
With all these warm and fuzzy feelings in my first impression of Zayin we were never too comfortable to reveal who we truly were. Still, with such a big secret unable to be revealed we still all knew that he would be our friend.
That day after class we saw ourselves transforming in the eyes of the student body as all eyes were on us but I had moved on and began to prepare my mind for tonight where we would be continuing our study session. I just hoped that everyone kept their mouth shut about the events of the day where I set mistakenly put the spotlight on the crew with Nyema and Skylar following suit at lunch. Bilal was able to fly below the radar but he got along so well with everyone, I was never concerned about trouble from him except for with the ladies. And right on cue as we were leaving school we ran into Binah and Shekinah in the parking lot.
He guys, you hanging with Zayin now?Binah asked.
What is it to you? Nyema responded.
He is just a little strange is all and keeps to himself; I just didnt think he liked people. I guess you all bring the best out of everyone. Shekinah responded.
Well that is what we do; you all need to get with the home team. Bilal replied. 
Yeah Zayin is cool though you all should make sure we come by the lunch table tomorrow and we can all kick it. I will make sure school is without incident from us, we will stay out of trouble. Scouts honor. I said.
Yeah your sisters scare us; we thought they were going to kill Aleister today. Binah said.
Yeah well I dont take kindly to people coming at my family sideways, girls included. Nyema said.
You see, she doesnt play. You all better be nice to us or we will be sending the girls out there for you. Do not be fooled by the pretty face and girlie clothes. She scares me and has been beating us up since we were little. Bilal said.
But we have to get out of here and do our homework, so we will see you al tomorrow. I told them. 

Chapter 21
As we made our way back home we discussed that however brief our mediation session was last night it worked. Our energy was rising off the chart, we were feeling closer to each other, and circumstances that would have been problematic resolved themselves as we were willing the outcome.
We made a pact to keep the event of the day to ourselves and I promised to keep focus on what was meant for us. I realized that our parents had not put everything in our lap and just left us. If done correctly they had given us the blueprint in order to do something special, it was just up to us to make the most of the opportunity. 
As we finished our homework I began to get more into my Gates of Light book and my brother and sister did the same with theirs. At 10 oclock we sat down to work on our next sphere of the tree of life which covered the idea of wisdom.
Learning about this sphere was eye opening. It showed us that the whole tree was a constant progression. Where the crown covered unity this sphere was a break from that to pure masculine force, it is initial duality or separate polarities from the complete unity and self sufficiency of the crown sphere that is free to act. It is like lighting from the sky that comes into shape from the darkness but is uncontrolled, and without direction have the ability to strike anywhere. 
It was very similar to our day where the raw unbound energy that I pent up created a new environment that we all were able to operate under. I was not sure that I was imagining this all or this was really happened but through our brief studies the tree was becoming a part of our everyday life whether we were aware of it or not. I enjoyed this all and found a sense of comfort in it. I was no longer angry at my parents, well at least for the moment. They had given us a great gift that allowed us to experience this world through a different lens than others. 
Regardless of the plans of the corrupt elite that were running this world we were a part of something that would be meaningful to those that were in a similar plight. 
After the study session on the second sphere where we focused on its qualities and began the process of stilling out minds and letting those description sink into our consciousness. We all put on our pentacle chains to keep us grounded in the meditation. It allowed our bodies to get a subtle energy life line that we would to direct us back to our bodies after the meditation session was over.
Nyema grabbed some candles and placed them in a circle around us. Today we decided to a ten breath count to try to increase the breathing rhythm from the day before. Bilal was really excited about the challenge; I think it was the athlete in him that helped him to push himself. No matter how normal he wanted to be, I knew this was what he enjoyed to do the most. It was how we were raised and it was in him like it was in us. And he always got this crazy look in his eyes like he knew something special was going to happen.
As we went into the meditation we felt a part of us that we never felt before. It is difficult to put into words but I will do my best. We all felt connected but went to a place in us that was beyond our bodies and mind yet we remained connected, then there was a abrupt separation and I felt like a ball in the pinball machine just bouncing all over the place but I was conscious of where I was going and it was all over the twelve signs of the zodiac. From Capricorn through Sagittarius, I was able to see very distinctly all these constellations up close and I was able to take in the energy that they were giving off and the constellation was taking from me all that I had that was negative. It was a cleansing. All of my thoughts and concerns about what was going on in my personal life and school life felt inconsequential.  
In that moment I felt the lives of 12 separate but connected people where I caught glimpses of all their hopes and all their dreams. Yet I felt that they were me but not sure if this was the product of meditation gone wrong or something profound. I had this issue of skepticism no matter how deep I went there was still this concern of being wrong. Yet, a voice said to me DO NOT QUESTION, THIS IS WHO YOU ARE! and with that I let go. Engulfed in the beauty that was the zodiac as I traveled across the solar system in what was known to us in ancient time as a great year. Through that wisdom I was able to see everything that had occurred for the last 25,920 years. It was like our mind was like a computer getting a stream of information downloaded into our mainframe. 
It was not until the sun broke over the horizon and shined over the center of our circle that we had realized we had been in this state all night. Yet we were not tired. On the contrary we were refreshed feeling as if we had a full night of rest. 
We looked at each other still stuck in the awe of what we experienced. This packet was unlocking the keys off the universe and we had only cracked open a few pages getting familiar with the tree of life but organically it had begun to share it secrets with us. Nothing was a mystery anymore. The reasons why everything was occurring was a clear, it went far beyond what my parents were able to comprehend. It was not just power the elite were occupied with but a plan of mass extermination. 


Chapter 22
We saw them planning a tomorrow where only those affiliated with them were able to continue on and those who were not were going to be wiped out. We were not able to see the future but everything that had led up to this point. 
Do you think that this is what Mom and Dad saw? Nyema asked.
I am not sure but it says a lot about us being that we are making such progress. Bilal said 
We have not even begun the scurrying with the tree just experiencing the spheres. And they are definitely making an impression on us. I added.
We heard a knock on the door, it was our father.
Did you all let them candles burn all night? he asked.
Yeah we had a good session. I replied
Excellent, well get ready for school, and Zohar make sure you use the music to avoid a day like yesterday. He said.
Who said something? I asked furious at the two for even the thought of a betrayal.
Zohar, we have been with you since we got home where did we have the time? Nyema asked.
You all just do not get it do you? Bilal asked
You all did not see it, they knew everything. I saw them having a conversation about this whole thing around the time of last winter solstice. They have seen it all but know that our latent abilities are stronger than theirs because we are older. We come a different time prior to them. He said.
Bilal you just took a dive and you are too deep to follow. I said.
Let me try to state it in a better way. Nyema said as she interjected.
Mom and Dad know more than they are telling but I dont think they thought we would progress so quickly because their frame of reference is themselves. We are completely different because how we are their children yet they are ours in a spiritual sense. It is the upside down kingdom where nothing is as it seems. How they are having us pave the way, they were sent here to pave the way for us. It is a reciprocal relationship. Nyema added 
I was having a hard time with that, but I kept it to myself. Bilal said. It seemed kind of selfish to just sit back and let your kids handle the whole saving the world thing. But now I know differently.
I was struggling with that all day yesterday. I responded.
Well, we know better now and have to act accordingly; we are the grand architects of this plan. We have to make sure we avoid not only failing our parents but most importantly ourselves. Bilal said.
This was the first time that I had seen Bilal serious for more than 20 minutes in my whole life. I understood the magnitude of the situation. This was night for revelations where our destiny began to take shape. This whole time we were waiting for our parents to fully disclose what was going on and all along we had to look within ourselves.
Still we had to lower our levels and believe you me we were flying high. After getting ready for school we made sure we each listened to our music on the way out the house. As we went to get Skylar she came out of the house wearing hear headphones too. We all laughed knowing that regardless of what we were doing in our separate lessons we were still doing the same thing where our road led to the same destination. We listened to our music on our walk to school where nothing was said but we all walked with purpose and a sense of knowing that we knew who we were and nothing could stop us. 
You all move in synch. Zayin said as we were walking up the steps to the school.
We have been around each other too long I guess. I replied breaking formation with the group as we entered school grounds.
I began to allow Zayin to give me more information about Aleister. Although through last night nights meditation I had already known everything I needed to about the subject which was Aleister this was a great way for Zayin to let his guard down around me. Something inside of me was telling me that he would be useful to our endeavors.
Aleister is the worst kind of bully. The rich kind I am not sure how that is possible with his dad having a federal job but is mom must be going something high level in something unless his dad was a dirty agent. The kid drives top of the line cars to school and has all the newest gadgets. Unfortunately, being in high school that is what matters in the eyes of the popular kids. He said with a mixture of jealousy and resentment in his tone.
No different from back east. I replied
Yeah, I guess that is right, but in New York I did not live in an area where rich kids could move comfortably so this is a difference. My friends back home would have gone to town on that type of silver spoon kid. Then I realized that Zayin was not so different from us. He just did not have the guidance that we had; still there was an opportunity for him to be a part of our clique which I saw that he wanted and the more normal people around us the better. Normality is always the goal in school although it had more of a feeling akin to a jungle where only the strong survive.
I was not the type that felt that people came into your life by chance. My experience last night reassured me of that feeling I have always had. In searching to get more information about Aleister I gained more insight into Zayin. The only thing I was not sure about was the touchy subject of the global events shaping the world as we knew it. However, I needed to not be so obvious in how I addressed the topic as current events were not a topic typically discussed unless forced by a teacher. 
I am still kind of stuck that Aleister tried to label me as a terrorist. I said.
My parents always told me that you cannot believe everything you see on TV or read in the papers. We have spent a lot of time in Flagstaff, AZ where they have taken a lot of the spiritual people away. Before you got here there was a complete sweep of the area. There were a lot of good people that we got to know very well since we moved.Zayin said.
Yeah people are catching hell back home in DC. It is complete chaos, people you thought you knew as good people now labeled as terrorist it is all hard to imagine. I said in response.
Ring Ring Ring! 
Thats the bell, we better get to class. I said
Zayin showed some potential in that brief conversation but I had to vigilant in what I gave him because during this time you never knew who people were and how they would react when the pressure from the government came. Still, I had a bigger problem on my hand which I foresaw which was Aleister in homeroom.


















Chapter 23
Female bodyguards let you move freely today? Aleister whispered as he passed my desk.
Never needed them, but I think you know that which is why you are only trying to agitate me in a classroom instead of outside these walls. I responded. 
I knew that he had never had anyone stand up to him. For some strange reason he was able to move around freely without consequence. His father was in charge of the southwest terrorist roundup by the FBI so people were afraid of that connection and what that could mean for them in these times. 
For us, we knew we had eyes on us as I sensed that he talked to his father about our altercation yesterday so I had to assume that at least I was fathers radar as well. But perception is reality so the more normal I appeared the more wild his accusations would be to those he attempted to convince. 
As the teacher was beginning to take attendance I saw my two favorite ladies who gave me a wink which made Aleister, his father, and his motives seem unimportant. I was fitting in here, we were making friends, and life was beginning to have some normalcy. 
The lecture for that day and all other days for that matter was a complete bore. There was nothing challenging about school especially after last nights meditation. It was like being taught by an infant they ways of the world. Still I had to grin and bear it for I could not let my mind wander to spiritual things because it would most likely raise my energy signature which would set off the tracker Aleister had monitoring me. So I made myself participate which made me look even more nerdy than before. But unlike Washington DC being smart was cool here so that was just another notch in my belt. It is sad I had to travel so far to have my intelligence be appreciated but that was the problem with the inner city where the global elite to keep the masses dumb made culture not appreciate intelligence but other unimportant ideals such as fame, money, sports and the like. 
As I went through the motions of the day I couldnt help but let my mind slip to our real adventure that was becoming a nightly occurrence. It made this school thing seems so fake but I understood the necessity of it. In the midst of our awakening our school days had a sort of grounding effect on us which literally brought us back to reality. We could not have our heads in the clouds all day we needed these experiences we were getting in the social setting of school in order to both validate and practice the skills we were obtaining. It is the need for experience to test the limits of reality in order for growth.
As I walked to lunch with the Shekinah and Binah I saw Nyema and Skylar talking to some boys in the hallway. I had to smile to myself because I knew it was only a matter of time before they decided to blend and I understood that they were sensing the same thing I was. I met Bilal in the entrance to the cafeteria as we all waked toward our table to sit with Zayin who had already claimed his seat. 
Today has an interesting feel to it. I said.
It has to be the fact that we can finally have lunch with these beautiful ladies without incident. Bilal responded.
They giggled in reply and asked if we could go to the library with them after school to help them with their homework. I was tempted to say no because of the real work that we had to do but I did not want to come off as a jerk either. I just had to make sure that we did our work and made it home at a reasonable hour to get to this next sphere. Still, relationships are important especially the one with my brother who would have been furious with me if I did not go. 
Of course we can help you, with Bilal and I we will make you geniuses. I replied to the delight of my little brother.
We need to find a girl for Zayin. I said as I gave him a little nudge.
He was so quiet at times but he had perfect timing with everything he said.
These girls act too young. He responded and I realized his timing was not always perfect. 
All present company is excluded of course because you are already taken. He continued. 
Nice recovery guy, I was two seconds from giving you a gut punch. Bilal said. 
The girls went back to smiling so I guess mission accomplished. As we left lunch we had noticed we never saw the Nyema and Skylar. As I went back to class there they were giggling to themselves. 
You all go ahead, I will catch up. I told Bilal, Binah, and Shekinah. 
What is so funny? I asked. 
These boys. Nyema and Skylar said simultaneously. 
There are five of them ready to do anything that we ask them. Skylar informed me.
Oh really. I asked
I know you want an army Zohar, I saw it last night. Nyema said with a grin.
We have to keep a low profile. I told them.
We are, but guys have the assumption that girls are attracted to the ones that a fearless in the face of danger which is true but more than anything we love that fearlessness to be coupled with sense and smarts. Sad for them is that they are lacking the sense, smarts and can be directed with a bat of the eye lashes. When the time comes to actually recruit they will be ready. Guys always want to impress the pretty girls, so we will make the rebellious nature of a terrorist cool. Nyema informed me.
I could not help but be impressed. I do not know how many guys back home were afraid to show intelligence for fear of being labeled a nerd. We just had to set the table in a different way that favored our agenda. It is what we were fighting with the media for so we had to attack it on our level in hopes that the sentiment would spread. 
It seemed all well and good but I could not shake the fear of being found out and what that would mean for us. It was not until later that I received clarity in the issue.
When we arrived home after our tutoring session with the ladies. We continued the ritual we had established the nights prior. Tonight we ventured into the sphere of Binah. The was a feeling of checking our intent on this mission where even though we thought we knew everything we had not connected all the dots as we so thought. There was a sense of exhilaration and understanding of the fear that I felt earlier in the day. Even though I knew and foresaw everything that has and was going to happen there was no understanding of the overarching picture that had the future hanging in the balance of every decision that we made. We were playing this as if it were a high school game, checkers instead of chess. There was no strategy whatsoever to our movements that had the depth that was necessary for such an endeavor. No collective voice in our thoughts we had not broken away from this world thus still allowing ourselves to be victims to it like everyone else. Although we did not dwell in fears and doubts they had their moments where they crept in and crippled me for a split second. In our situation even the tiniest moment of doubt was unacceptable and could destroy everything we were working for. 
This was nobodys fault but our own. There had to be something bigger than just saving our own skin. There were people being hunted based on the fact that our souls were ancient which connected our minds and spiritual compositions to a time that existed far beyond modern perception of time for reasons that were inconsequential in the grand scheme of things because the script had already been written we were just acting it out. Us four felt it pulling us from the time of conception in the womb. But what to do with it? Our parents got us to this point but even they were unclear what was next. We knew we just had to pull a solution out of us but we need to operate at an even higher level in our day to day lives and not allow ourselves to be grounded too much by school but find and maintain an even stronger balance between the mundane and the spiritual.








Chapter 24
The next morning we moved as an even stronger unit. Our dreams from the previous night were like a blueprint after our mediation we had an understanding of what needed to be done. Our movements although mundane were still ordered by our higher selves for they set the stage for what was to come. 
The girls had already lined the boys up unbeknownst to us word was spreading that girls like bad boys and the bad boys these days were the terrorist so they began to fall in line no matter how superficially. Shekinah and Binah had spread word to all the girls how cool Bilal and I were for standing up to Aleister and being the smartest kids in the class. Like I said here being smart was cool. So we came into school with everyone riding our coattail. Wanting to sit with us and be who we were. Although they had no idea what that really meant. 
Aleister was noticeably beside himself both figurative and literally. Through his altercations with us he was an official outcast. And he hated it. I could sense the tension but at this point he was irrelevant. But my mother told me never to leave an enemy behind. So he would have to be dealt with accordingly. He and his family were a threat but again we had to be strategic in our play because we did not want another Aleister and his family coming back to Arizona we had to rid ourselves of him and those like him once and for all. It would be a small moral victory for our family and those that had suffered at the hands of this government. It was something that needed some proper planning but my mind was already spinning with possibilities. 
It was simple we had to make Aleister and his father the terrorist. It was perfect where the most hated in school would bring that cool characteristic that Nyema and Skylar were promoting, which we could further use to our advantage to manipulate the consciousness of the students giving the conflict their attention.
As we walked home from school we all were on the same page, we now moved in synchronicity even though we had only been practicing briefly or perhaps we had always moved like this and never paid attention. We needed to influence the consciousness of Aleister and his father but we were not sure how to engage this situation,
Lets plant a spiritual book there! Bilal said excitedly.
We know that along with an anonymous tip would lead to their arrest. It had to be something sustainable that would ruin their lives and they would have to walk the world like and among us in order to plan for their daily survival.
I was interested in seeing what our mediation would bring because we were aware of the theme of the evening which was Gedullah which meant Love and Mercy. As we entered our mediation again following the ritual that we have previously established, I saw love for not my enemies but my friends and compatriots that were caught up in the struggle of this suppression of spiritual freedom that was being organized by the government and elite leaders worldwide. We felt the pain of all people that were locked up in these concentration camps. We saw some under testing. 
The middle of their head in between their brow was being extracted for study. Others were having the small location where the top of the neck, spine, and bottom the head met examined. These were all thought to be keys to understanding the way these people were. However, these were not the ancient ones. What we realized during the session is that we remained completely untouched. 
When we saw the ancient ones they were still walking around, then the instantly looked to us for salvation from their oppressors. There was talk among them of feeling the frequency we were resonating at. It was like a radio signal that was able to be picked up by all the ancient ones. Still, what to do with Aleister and his father. Now that we had the revelation that the cavalry was eventually on the way we had to dispose of the elephant in the room. 
Nyema had an idea that would change our life forever.
We need to manifest his outcome. she said cryptically. 
What does that mean? I asked.
We need to bring Skylar in on this but we all can just agree on an outcome and have it occur, we have that power. It is the love we have for each other that makes it possible but we need to have Skylar participate because we are manipulating reality and each one of us represents the four elements: fire, air, water, earth; the four levels of reality soul, spirit, mental, and physical; the four levels of existence gravity, electro magnetism, strong force and weak force. We are the twelve disciples in four of the son which is the soul of the universe. But it is only through the love we have that this is actually realized.she said.
Well what are we waiting for go get her! Bilal said.
Before the words were finished coming out of his mouth we heard a knock at the door and to no surprise of anyone in the room it was Skylar.
I felt you all calling me. she said.
Yeah we need you sis. Nyema said
Without another word being said Skylar entered the circle. We felt her aurora resonating throughout the circle and knew that her and her father made some kind of breakthrough tonight. Nobody was sure what it was but understood that synchronicity played an integral part in our life since before we can remember so we all just went along with it and looked forward to the adventure we were about to embark on knowing that it was going to be life changing. 
We are going to set things in motion to have Aleister and his whole family imprisoned in a concentration camp with all the people they put there to do to them what they please. I told them. 
We all sat and visualized Aleister house being raided with a red candle in the idle of our minds eyes. They were finding books, CDs, and other paraphernalia that would like them to the terrorist group. His father would be then accused of treason and their whole family was sent to the concentration camp with those they had imprisoned being subjected to revenge where the physical pain experienced would make the toughest man squeal in agony.
 We sat in the circle thinking of these visions so intently that sweat was beating from our brow. It was all so real as we saw the situation play out in our minds eye. In the midst of all the in depth concentration we all went somewhere else in our mediation that was not of the place we called home. It was more celestial than earthly. In this moment we merged both sides of the Tree of Life with both the love we had for our comrades and the strength to avenge them through justice to those figures in our midst that had been leading the charge against the innocent. We were in between both Gedullah and Geburah, love and severity the center points of each side of the tree where we found Beauty in the moment and as we ultimately found ourselves within the middle of the entire of Tree of Life and we were seeing the power the tree possessed as not to only influence ourselves but reality itself. 
















Chapter 25
It was an epiphany as we dived deeper and deeper in the tree it showed us something. But there had to be more that could be experienced. It seemed as if we were missing something because our influence with the tree seemed more by chance than actual design. We had complete knowledge of everything we thought through our time in Wisdom part of the tree a few nights back but our day to day experiences allowed for things to keep being revealed. That ultimate knowledge encapsulated everything to that moment. But as this new world continued to unfold to us the less we seemed to know but at least we had direction which I could not say for sure a week ago. 
As we continued in our trance we also floated between worlds. We saw the planet Jupiter where there was a king sitting in his throne. Then just as fast we shot to Mars where we saw another king but in a chariot of fire. Neither king looked intimidating one just looked like a politician and the other a warrior but both were equally as effective.  But what I saw next did catch us all by surprise as we entered the bridge between the two planets we found ourselves moving to another location which was the sun. In the sun we saw each one of us on a cross, the sacrificed ones for the cause I suppose. It did not sit well with me either way.
As we came out of the meditation we all looked at each other with a blank stare. 
How did we go from getting Aleister and his father captured to seeing ourselves sacrificed and the cross? You have got to be kidding me. Bilal said.
I finally get a mediation session with you all, and I get nailed. Skylar said.
I do not think Aleister and whatever we just experienced are connected just a flow of ideas I think we got hit with at once. Nyema responded.
I agree with Nyema, our minds started with the intent on going somewhere and we ended up going somewhere else which I think was the big picture. It was not about Aleister. I think the sacrifice was about the real reason we are here. I added.
I do not think the purpose of us being here was just to stop this because the ancient ones were not even found yet. We had other objectives which were not even understood yet. 
Still the seed had been planted for Aleister and his father demise. It just may take some time, although that was still to be determined because with these mediations we were able to stretch our influence across the school in such a short time. 
Lets get some sleep. I instructed to the group. 
Yeah because I am so excited about my dreams especially after this session with you all. Bilal said. 
We have to work with Ra on connecting the dots tomorrow. I said.
And dont forget Musas martial art training, I think we are starting with Aikido. Skylar reminded us.
Well then let us not waste any time then. And do not forget to sleep with your notebook tonight; I am interested to see what dream may come after tonights meditation. I told them. 
As silence went through the room it did not take long for all of us to go to sleep, especially after relaxing your mind it is normally a smooth transition into slumber.
As I drifted off into my dreams, I quickly realized I was asleep.   From previous dreams I have known to just look at my hands and gain complete control of the environment. In doing so I went back to the sphere we were viewing during the mediation.
I immediately went to the king in the throne. His dreadlocks hit the back of the throne perfectly with speckles of gray throughout his long locks. He looked like he had seen eternity and back. I saw in his eyes a depth of love that words could not explain. 
What are we doing? I asked him.
You are going through an initiation into the sublime. But you have only got a peek into what the possibilities are for you all with each effort you take to get closer to your destiny. He responded. 
But it is all coming so fast, are we wrong in the direction we are going. I asked.
Not at all, it will take you sometime to figure it all out but you will get there. However you must be guided for your love to help people progress out of this dark age of spiritual perception or you efforts will be in vain. Love for your people has to be the center figure of all you all do as a unit. The love will guide you to everything you desire. He said.
I recommend also going to speak to the king of Mars. He said
As I walked a cross a bridge connecting the two planets I went to Mars. There I saw a great warrior king clothed in armor and sitting in a fiery chariot.  
Welcome to Mars Zohar. He said.
I immediately caught off guard with his greeting as I as was expecting meanness accompanied by fire and brimstone. It is funny the imagination of what you expect and how they are in actuality.
I was sent by the king in Jupiter to discuss the next steps in my journey. I said.
That is easy, you must get your enemies to fear you then they will respect you. But you must not show yourself to those in control so it must a subconscious subtle fear that they have it will last for generations. You must place this thought in the back of their minds where they know that there is something they must fear and respect but at this point they cannot pinpoint the threat. He further instructed.
That seems like a challenge but the group that I have, I am sure we can figure it out. I replied.
Aleister will be a good test run for you all as what you all create will be not easily traced and confuse your enemies and throw them in a panic where they will not know if they can trust each other. he continued.
As he said this it was clear what we had to do.
Thank you King Geburah, I must now go to understand the mystery of the cross before I wake in order to take all this information into our synthesis class with Ra. I exclaimed.
Good, do not take for granted Musas lessons as well. It will all come in handy eventually, trust me. he said with a grin on his face showing that he knew something I was not yet aware of.
This dream seemed more like an adventure to another dimension than an evening of slumber but I disregarded the thought with my anticipation to cross into the Sun. As I walked to the glowing brilliance that not only gave life to this galaxy but was connected to the suns of other galaxies as well. It was a portal to other worlds. In that space I saw us on the cross but they were not us, only containing our essence. I had the head of a hawk, Bilal the head of dog, Nyema the head of a Lioness, and Skylar the head of a cow. 
Through my studies I knew these were connected to the Gods and Goddesses of Egypt. I immediately understood the symbolism. We had to rise up and sacrifice what was our normal lives in order to really take this movement where it needed to go which was a complete overthrow of the global elite for it was only a matter of time before the ancient ones were in danger. 
It was all well in good with the capture of those new to our system but this has been going on too long where they have abused the powers given to them thousands of years ago. It was time to get our throne back but there would have to be sacrifice. I was only hoping it was our day to day existence that had to be given up but when travelling the road of revolution but nothing was certain.  All of a sudden I heard the voices speak in unison:
You must now wake up!






Chapter 26
I popped up in a sweat but peaceful as I remembered everything that had happened during those eight hours of sleep which had me alert but not rested. I did not feel like I got any sleep for I was so aware of the dream world I was in. Still, I grabbed my notebook and began writing the experiences as they occurred and had ten pages full of notes and another twelve pages full of picture. As I finished I put my book down and threw on some clothes, since the sun was rising to start the day, I thought for whatever reason it may be good to get a run in. I never run or really do anything that involves exercising but I had followed the feeling regardless and hit the road.
I have to admit I understood why the others had this as part of your day. It allowed me to clear my mind and let go of the dream for a moment, I was able to breath in the air, see the sun high fiving the clouds as it rose in the air. I saw the cactuses move ever so gently as the morning breeze softly pushed its thorns from side to side. It at times looked like a painting. I loved Arizona and its beauty it was nothing like anything I have ever experienced on the east coast. 
After my three mile run I made my way back to our apartment. Only to find everyone else getting ready for a run of their own.
What did you see that had you running, a ghost? Bilal asked.
It was a great dream, I have tons of notes I must share with you. Did you all write yours down as well? I asked.
Of course, I think we all saw something special last night. We all woke up with the intent on moving. Nyema said
Yeah we just do not know where to go, I think that is what Uncle Ra will help pull together for us this afternoon when we meet at 12pm. Skylar said.
Well lets reconvene around a little before noon so we can go to Ras place for our first official lesson. I told everyone as they went on their way.
As we met at the table in Ras kitchen we all were anxious of what was in front of us. 
Ra sat down at the table and spoke of the connections that we were making and the similarities all our lessons had. It was a simple truth but it still rang loudly. He was able to connect Skylars teaching with our own as he stated that they were identical just that our fathers came to their conclusions separately but in the end the truth was the same. We have the power to bring our thoughts to reality. We do it every day but when it is controlled, when it has directed intentions then it is the most powerful.
During this time Ra revealed to us that this was not going to be an everyday session as our experiences will be our ultimate guide although he and all of our parents would always be available for support this was our path that we had to walk and in this conversation he would be giving us all we needed to be successful in our journey.
This ability to create reality is known under different mantles depending on the age and location that one is in but they are all the same. The purpose is to still the mind and get the insidious talking to stop. In doing so one is truly able to hear ones own thought. That little voice that is in tune to the first breath of the cosmos.  We were all doing the same thing which is why we were able to connect so easily the night before. 
You see, a way is being prepared for you. Ra said. But he continued to delve deeper into the topic at hand.
Have you ever seen a movie where the person has time travelled and sees their other self but cannot impact the future because it is already predetermined? Well, this is not that type of movie. You must always remember the elite in this society place those images and ideas in your mind to keep you chained to linear time. As ancients we do not see time as they do we see it as one loop that can go in either direction, back and forth, up and down. We have set this all up as I am sure you all have seen when you entered the sphere of Chokmah. He said.
So why didnt we just stop this from ever happening? I asked.
Through our challenges we grow stronger. As ancients we are eternal and to live for eternity with no challenges ones stagnates, gets bored. It is through difficulties our greatness is elevated continuously.  Thus, by placing the elite in our path we are able to overcome them and reach levels that we could have never imagined. Ra said.
That sounds like the smartest dumbest thing I have ever heard. Bilal said. 
I shared Bilals skepticism but not as openly. I just found it a bit of a stretch to think that this was all some supreme master plan. It was almost like Darwins Theory of Evolution on steroids. But nothing was making sense to me anymore. I mean I was having visions of planets, people on thrones, and dreaming things that were becoming reality.
Your acceptance of these truths is the key to unlocking who you really are. Your mind must know that you are in control and not programmed by outside forces. Ra continued.
Have you ever watched a movie and that night your dream had elements of the film. Well, that is programming where people outside of yourselves are in control of your thoughts. We are trying to combat that where your access to external influences have been limited. We all wanted your thoughts to be your own and then you could truly see the other side of curtain where you are in control. Although you have always been in control even though a times you have given up that control to the corporate elite. And as above so below where the ancients have done the same thing. But this is in an effort to go to new levels of consciousness. You have to understand that we are stellar beings.
We are aliens? we all said in unison.
Yes, this is what gets swept under the rug, one secret that has been hidden is that the ancient ones which we in our family are descended from come from the other side of a black hole trillions of years ago to this planet. We civilized this place that was barren with no culture. The color of our skin is like a space suit composed of what is called dark matter that allows us to stay in tune with the darkest regions of the universe where we can tap into to who we are where we come from and what we will be. It was through this knowledge that the thought of this opportunity came into fruition. He told us like an old griot.
But this coupled with the revelations that we had the other day brought everything into perspective.
So what do we have to do unk? I asked. 
It is simple just let go. Become one with what youre studying as it is a tool that you laid out for yourself to find to get closer to yourself. But you must trust in yourself first and foremost because if you do not you will make this journey more difficult than it has to be. he told us.
Should we tell him about Aleister? Nyema and Skylar whispered to each other albeit not in manner that did not make the question audible to everyone in the room.
Who is Alerister? he asked.
We gave him the history and discussed with Ra our plans for him.
So you all have been doing this naturally that is wonderful. he exclaimed. 
He took it better than I thought, where we all assumed he would attempt to stop us. But he encouraged it as it was a great way to test us and see how far we developed. Because ultimately we were manifesting something from nothingness into light and the implications were far reaching. Nothing was mentioned of those said implications it was just something I felt in a place that was beyond spirit and soul that pulled at the core of my being.
As we walked out of our session we all had a sense of reassurance that we were moving in the right direction where if there were any doubts it had been tamed. Yet still we all were more than ready to work at this spirituality and understood why it was a threat to the elitist that ran the world. 
As we walked we ran into to Musa.








Chapter 27
Since you all have had a work out with your minds we must now work out the body. Musa said.
We went out to the park and began working on a mixed martial arts exercise that was incorporating many different practices. We learned that these arts came from the ancient ones as well but had been broken up into different branches because some found it too difficult to pull them all together. Only the ancient ones were able to understand the depths of the art and mold them together for any effectiveness. 
I never really liked to exercise but I loved these martial arts where I was really good at it. I was even as good as Bilal which never happens because he is the athlete of us two. I noticed he was irritated that I was able to keep up. But even the girls took to it. They both being naturally athletic too but the way they were able to manipulate movements was amazing.
This is another way to work on your non-thought which will also aid in your mediations. Just think of this place and let go as you feel the freedom of your movement and your direct your action without thinking just by your intent alone. The same is true for your mediation which leads to your manifestations. This is all a dance that you are doing with your minds eye. He instructed. 
However, Musa told us that the real martial arts were in the practice of Aikido. It was a practice of non-striking where you would use the opponents force against them. We practiced on each other where one would attempt a punch or a kick and the other combatant would use the energy from the attacker and manipulate it for our own personal gain to win the confrontation. 
The Aikido practice is something you will have to master to be effective. It is a way to hit and damage the enemy without exerting an exorbitant amount of energy. Musa instructed us.
We were not sure how Musa learned all of this but we enjoyed this break from a strictly mentally exercise which had been the bulk of our efforts. Musa was able to blend the mental and physical making us feel whole and able to understand how our body played a role on everything that was going on. Before it was either a battle or compromise between the two in order for any spiritual progression but we know seeing how our movements in the physical; could be a benefit to both. It was a powerful lesson we were learning from Musa who before now I did not really connect with but was glad he was on our path, understanding his extreme value to the group as his expert understanding of all things physical and his ability to connect his gifts to our path.
But Musa, who are we having any physical altercations with? These people have guns. Bilal asked.
The ability to use your enemies energy against them is not only limited to the physical. You should know that better than anyone Bilal. I mean youre an athlete but I hope that you do not rely on only your body when you perform at a high level. If that is the case than you have only scratched the surface of what is possible and I look forward to what you will be able to do with your brother and sisters because there is a connection that you all be able to make with these techniques that you must find for yourselves but when you unlock all these answers the world will be in awe. Musa told us.
I had to scratch my head because it felt like something off of a Kung Fu movie. Are we going to start glowing like in that movie my father loves? I mean realistically what hand to hand combat will we be engaging in? Where is our firearm training? It all seemed a little much but that was this whole situation. But we just kept on working knowing that like everything else this would all make sense. All of our actions have been coalescing into this new perspective we were all developing for this new world we were thrown into and this would be no different.  
We continued working with Musa for a several weeks which had us take a break from our meditation. Through our previous efforts with the tree and Skylars work with her father we were catching on really fast to the surprise of Musa. I am not sure what track he had our progression on but we were exceeding it by leaps and bounds. We were mastering and putting together all the styles being taught but Aikido was taking on a life of its own with our training just like Musa said it would. We were able control the strong and weak forces which was to the delight of our family as this seemed to be their plan all along. 









Chapter 28
These were great tools but I still felt that we had work to do with the tree. The weekend was ours and we had to get through three more spheres before we could get to the kingdom. And that would all start tonight same time, same place as we had made our own sacred rituals out of our evening meditation as we skrying down the Tree of Life investigating where it would take us. 
But in this movement after completing our work with Musa for the day I felt alive and powerful with the sun on my face and having the keys to eternity in our fingers we just had to make sure we put in effort and completed the path we had laid out for ourselves because immortality awaits. 
As the sun went down and we made our way back to our rooms we said goodnight to Skylar who continued her teachings with El Ra Sun. After cleaning ourselves from the days workout we prepped the room for our work to commence. Tonight was a trip to the sphere of Netzach which was Hebrew for Victory. It was a fitting end to the day where we were feeling victorious in our newfound confidence. 
In our meditation that night we were greeted by a beautiful woman with beautiful dark skin the color of midnight and hair in a stylish Afro looking like she has just came out of the seventies. Bilal and I stood in awe where Nyema looked to the woman as if she knew her. As the woman began to speak we all stood in anticipation.
You seek answers to questions that you already know. Your victory lies in the love for your fellow ancient ones. How far are you willing to go to wake them up.? She said.
As she spoke, we were all being bombarded with images of the Hebrew alphabet with their corresponding tarot cards in our minds. It was as if a feeding tube had been placed in our mind where we getting a rush of information with no filter to our third eye hitting us over and over again. We were being overwhelmed with imagery and the crazy thing about it all is that it felt great. Similar to that feeling you get going up a rollercoaster then immediately have the rush of going down. It was a level of programming we were going through but not the kind the elite were pushing to the masses via their TV programs. It was supreme programming where we were learning the depths of symbols from a time long before the letters were known as Hebrew and then connecting them to the paintings of the ancient one who created the Rider Waite Tarot Deck. 
Through this we were able to see how the spheres of the tree were connected and understood the different systems of skyring from Rabbi Isaac Luria to Gra the Moor. The tree became so simple and in the understanding we were pulled to the 8th sphere. 
Our movements now became a little swifter than in our first encounter with the tree where we were grasping them in threes as a triad. As we moved to the eighth sphere I saw an orange ball of light that was almost as engulfing as watching the sun. In that instance we were on the planet Mercury greeted by a hermaphrodite. Bilal and I in our ignorance felt uncomfortable and wanted to wake up out of what we felt was something that was feeling so right to feeling so wrong in an instant. But Nyema in her brilliance said to us. 
Do not use the mind of the planet we are trying to save but use the mind of the ancient beings; we are to understand the symbolism that is occurring in these thoughts as we travel the tree life. She observed.
In that instance I was able to understand the importance of the eighth sphere which is infinity on its side, the sphere of magic and occultism. It was a balance of the feminine and the masculine. Instinct and intuition merging as one whether through a asexual relationship with oneself where the balance between the masculine and feminine nature were combined pushing one closer to godhood on the physical plane or a sex magic relationship between a man and women where through their act they create life like the creator on the physical plane. Nevertheless, creation was the message that permeated through this sphere and resonated within all of us, and it was through this message that we would be able to change the world. 
It hit me in that moment why they were sexually transmitted diseases that hit the communities of the ancient ones after the free love of the 70s. Sexual relations between a man and women had to be halted and sex had to be made to look like death because through sex portals to communion with the ancient ones was available if perfected and understood properly by its participant who were not solely looking at the act in a physical nature but a spiritual one. In that instance I understood why the elite feared us. We bridged the gap between the profane and the divine. Through a union of ancient man and woman true godhood would be achieved. It did not necessarily have to between a physical man and woman but also balancing the masculine and feminine principles within oneself. 
In Mercury or Hod which meant Glory we found our true power as we moved farther down the tree it was further reassurance into what we were doing although at times it felt unreal in trance it felt realer than anything we experienced in the world as this was a pure unadulterated look into reality that was not tainted by the elite in their fear mongering, television controlling, or terrorist threats which we had received in the last few months. It was a freedom that was invigorating making us feel alive.
As we pulled away from Hod we entered Yesod or the Foundation it was our last sphere into the tree before reaching Malkuth which was the kingdom. Malkuth was the closet the tree would come into our normal waking life. In Yesod there was a man that looked just like me standing in his Glory. I saw the look in Bilals face and he saw himself in that very man as well. The look on Nyemas face made me think she saw something else and I was afraid to ask what it was in fear of losing all the food that I had ate for the day. But it was greatness that we saw. The opportunity to be great through channeling the energies of the Moon whose influences were able to effect reality on Earth whether it was a womans cycle, tides, or personalities. We were able to get on the same frequency as the Moon where it felt like signals were coming to the back of our heads where we saw ancient ones living there and inhabiting the moon.
Where is the space landing that we learned about in school? Bilal asked. 
Yeah, I am not getting any of that either. Nyema said.
Come on you guys stop joking you know that the elite do not have the capacity to leave the planet only the ancient ones possess that ability. I said.
We had a brief laugh and in that very moment we were met with various entities that I could not recognize initially.
Who are you all? I asked.
We are the guardians of the tree who have watched you move through our realms the past few weeks and question what you are doing here. We are all interested in understanding you as nobody has been able to tap into our frequency since the Rabbi who sat by the lake of the River Nile. He was the only one who has come close and even he was only able to touch the choir of angels beneath us in the realm of Yetzirah which is Formation where through that he was able to be remembered as one of the greatest rabbis of all time. You come close to the Gods, too close. The Ten said in unison.
We are the Gods, we are the Ancient Ones. we responded in unison. 
We come from the other side of the black hole to return to our thrown and take back our crown from the elite who sit in our chair and threaten our very existence. I said.
Do you serve us? Nyema asked.
For an eternity, welcome home elders. they responded.
Our responses to the Angels of the tree were not premeditated. They were just natural responses we gave without thinking. What are we becoming in this place and what we will it mean for us when we wake up from this trance. We were shocked but not surprised by the events. We all sat down in the realm of Yesod with the angels of the sphere getting information on how to best move forward in our attack on the elite.
It was funny because earlier we were thinking of how to set up Aleister but that now was a thing of the past. Not that we were not going to do it, because we were but there was such assurance in his fate that we moved on to planning the next course of action and that was taking down the elite and restoring the ancients to their thrown. But before we could return to save those in the realm who sleep yet think they are awake, the angels recommended that we take the path of the arrow to with Metatron to the gates to retrieve our crown and journey to the other side of the black hole. 


Chapter 29
As we shot up the wormhole it bent time. We past ourselves and saw everything we did on journey down the tree. We made our way back to Kether where Metatron opened up a large black doorway to what we all knew was the other side of the black hole which was known to me from my readings as the Limitless Black Light the Ain Soph Aur. As we walked through the door we all held hands as we were both uncertain and afraid of what lied beyond. 
Entering the doorway we were immediately pulled through another wormhole. We felt as if we were travelling faster than the speed of light. It was a debilitating experience where my whole essence felt like it was being pulled in every direction possible and directions I did not even know about. I sensed that the others were feeling the same where I told them mentally to just breathe. This was different than the problems we had with meditating where the body was scared now our spirit was being separated from our souls as we went to the unknown. On the other end was just utter brilliance where light and darkness met. Upon our arrival we were instantly caught up in a barrage of dark matter invading every core of our being, infusing with our skin and making us something else than what we were before we entered. It was accelerating the subtleties that we were experiencing dramatically. We all thought of the fact that Skylar was not present and we were able to transport her at will. 
I felt you all calling me. Where are we? she asked.
I do not think any of us are entirely sure where we are just enjoying the ride and taking in this experience. Bilal responded.
What experience? Skylar asked.
As soon as she asked the question she was also getting bombarded with dark matter throughout her whole body. We were transforming into something else, something even more special than the returning ancient ones who we began this journey as. We were becoming the architect of the cosmos. The First Movers of Creation. Lofty, I know but to experience this it gave me no doubt. It was a transformation like the caterpillar in the cocoon as they became a butterfly. A metamorphosis was taking place and we honored the anointment on the other side of the black hole knowing the responsibility that came when we came back from our journey. 
As we finished the anointing of the dark matter over our bodies four figures appeared as light in the darkness. It was our future selves. They were able to tell us about everything we needed to do and what was going to happen to overthrow the elite that are running and ruining our world. There will be moments of doubt even after this conversation they informed us but we were instructed not to waver on our path for the new world that was on the cusp of existence depended on our success. From this point on we were to become the saviors we were intended to be and to not forget that this is all by design and even in death we live forever for we are eternal ancient ones birthed before the sun and in a sun a long time ago. Stellar beings, were are children of the first star born in the universe. From the one sound that resonates throughout the cosmos rings in our ear when we sleep reminding us of that faraway place that we call home as a constant reminder from this day moving forward we would be aware of the ring.
It was a truly humbling experience to be a part of something so great we were all speechless yet anxious to get back home and experience what was discussed with our future selves and put these discussions into practice because the one thing that we did know is that it would be taxing both physically and mentally.
As we all went through the threshold back into the door to Kether to meet Metatron he bowed before us and told us we have reached beyond the plane of Gods in this dimension more than even Ehieh because we are now more than what will be. We are what we will be, who we were and who we are and what we will create all rolled into one that extends beyond the Tree of Life. Metatron told us that he will be at our beckon call as he and the other angels and all the Gods man prays to be now and forever under our dominion. We have now become the Lords of this dimension and reign on this plane.
As we shot down the path of the arrow we made our way to Malkuth. The image was splendid of a woman sitting in her thrown. We all noticed from her look and energy was that she was the representation of the ancient Egyptian mythical deity Isis better known to us as Auset from her African name. She greeted us with hugs and love, it was an amazing experience. She invited us into her pyramid where we shared time with all the deities from the Nile. It was a wondrous moment for us all where they explained the fall of the original man and where they went wrong and how they used this opportunity to better themselves to get to the point where we are right now where we would be able to right the ship that had gotten lost in the ocean of existence a millennia ago. It was fitting that this was our last stop on the tree. 
So how did you like my tree? she asked. 
It was simply breathtaking. I responded.
Through the fog we saw Osiris aka Ausar approaching. We were all nervous yet excited. 
Are you all ready? he asked the other Gods in the room.
We are all aspects of your godhood no different than the others. Only what your mothers, fathers, and friends called upon to allow them to navigate through to get you to this point. You are equal if not beyond us as you will make the myths become real and be the legends of tomorrow. We are honored to be your last stop before you begin to reign in your dominion over Earth. Ausar said to us as we know that as we laid in trance that this was his world just as much as the tree was Ausets.
 They all came into our essence and we became even stronger than before. As they were the Earths farthest memories of the Lords of the Ancient Ones. They were the archetypes of the deities the elite used to control the masses but now they were under us. We all knew that at this point there was no stopping us now. 











Chapter 30	
As we opened our eyes we had everyone standing over us. I was not sure how long we had been out but it had seemed like days. Skylar was even in our circle now but the last thing I remember was her going to work with her father. The look on her face seemed just as surprised as we were. Our mothers looked relieved that we had came out of trance where the men in our lives had the glowing pride within them that no words needed to be uttered but I knew that they were pleased with the progression we made.
You all have been out for seven months. On the 7th day of the first month Skylar levitated from our room to yours. It was quite mystic where she made herself a part of your session. My mother said to us still in disbelief of how long we had been dwelling in the levels of our subconscious in trance. It seemed to have gone by so fast where the experienced all blended as one. I could not recall specific moments but the entire event was imprinted on our solar bodies that we were not able to shake but the high frequency that we were on in conjunction with the speed the events occurred could not be slowed down and understood be verbalized to any around us. But my father was missing.
Where is dad? I asked.
He is gone while you all were out he made the transition. One of the people at the spiritual shop betrayed him when he was picking up some items. The National Guard swarmed on his and you know your father. He pulled out his gun and started firing. He never made it home. My mother said to us.
In that moment I knew we were not the same because we saw infinity and knew that our father was Metatron.
He is fine mother we saw him in our journey. Bilal said. 
We were able to let our mother tap into our minds. How I was not really sure but it happened. With that revelation we as a complete family embraced with love and understanding of what needed to be done, knowing that we were equipped with everything that was needed to be successful for the journey that lied on the road ahead. With our father cheering from beyond being a part of the journey although not in the physical.
Aleister and his family were arrested on the 8th day you all were under. He and his family were taken away in shame to the concentration camp where they were later murdered by people that his father had put away. They found evidence in his home of books, incense, candles and other banned spiritual paraphernalia that he denied being his but everyone denies those things when they are caught these days where ignorance is never a defense to the government especially in these times. It was a great shame for the elite as his father was responsible for the arrest, detainment, and torture of many spiritual people on the west coast. Ra informed us. 
So we did it! Bilal said with excitement.
Yes, Bilal, we should not have any doubt of our abilities to do these things anymore. Nyema said scolding throughout her tone.
We have a lot of work to do guys, school is over it is time to work. Skylar said.
As we spoke Zayin knocked at the door. He was wondering where we had been the past several months eager to tell us of what had happened to Aleister. As he came in he saw the glow from us and he stood in awe. I guess it was like that movie my fathered watched what seemed like every weekend after all. We were unaware how we appeared to normal people and how our aura was vibrating. It made us a little nervous being that prior to going under we spent consistent efforts to keep our levels under their radar; with just a thought our entire aura became hidden.  
I knew there was something about you. You all are spiritual! he shouted.
Yes, but you must keep it quiet. I instructed him. 
No worries, Briah, Shekinah, and I had our suspicions anyways. We are glad that we are not crazy. From the first moment I met you all I knew there was something about you guys but was not able to put my finger on it. When Nyema and Skylar had the whole school thinking that being a terrorist was cool that almost confirmed it. But I was thrown for a loop when Aleister was caught and then we had not seen you all for months and thought the government had gotten you all as well. Shekinah and Binah were really sad so expect them to be both relieved and shocked when they see you. But I am interested to get your side of what is going on with this war on terror by the government because you all are not like the people we see or hear about on television you are just normal kids like us. He said
Well, I would not go that far. Bilal said.
Where are Binah and Shekinah? I asked 
They are home. School had been shut down in a panic because of Aleister and his family. Nobody saw that coming. Zayin said.
Well they havent seen anything yet. Bilal said.
Bring them here and we will explain it all to you. I told Zayin.
Later on that day we all met at our apartment and took a walk. 
So is it true what Zayin is telling us about you guys? Shekinah asked.
It depends how much you want to know but we do not have the need for any secrets with you two although we have been gone for a while we really enjoyed the time we spent with you all. I told them.
Absolutely, although we understand that being with guys like us under these circumstances are trying to say the least but just know that you could not be in better hands, trust me. Bilal said.
It is difficult because everything you guys have told us has been a lie. We really do not know who you are. Binah said. 
We have been honest about everything just omitted some things for our own benefit. I told them.
I just do not know, with everything on the news it is crazy. I do not know what to believe. Shekinah said.
They killed our father. Nyema yelled. They killed my daddy! 
Nyema! I said.
Zohar, they need to know. Our father was amazing, he taught us everything he knew and did everything he could to protect us. Even took us to this backward city and he paid his life for it. Now we know he is ok but to not be able to feel his touch in the physical. Nyema belted. 
I did not know that about you guys. Why did they kill him? Binah asked. 
For being himself, he was betrayed by people he thought that he could trust. We did not make it out in time to stop it. Bilal said. 
These are crazy times and luckily they have three other fathers that will take care of them. Skylar said putting her arm around Nyemas shoulder.
Thanks sis but we are good; we have a lot of work to do. Nyema responded.
His death and life will not be in vain. I told everyone. 
We were born this way and that is threat we see pass the games the government plays on the people with these illusions of freedom and we are going to put an end to this. We were not the initiators of the conflict but we will definitely end it. Bilal said.
You guys sound kind of crazy but I am on board. You guys have been nothing to nice to me since we met and welcomed me. I have a lot of people, good people that I know from New York City to Flagstaff who did not deserve the treatment by the government. But I was too afraid to say anything. I am not going to be quiet anymore. I am sorry about your father.
We are sorry for your loss and you guys are too cute to abandon in this situation. Binah said.
Yeah what woman doesnt like a guy with an edge to them? Now you all are a little sharper than most but this makes this even more intriguing. Your secret is safe with us. Shekinah said.
We explained to them who we were and where we had come from. We informed them, of the real agenda of the government elite which was to control their freedoms and make them slaves under the false pretense of being free.
Now Zayin you mentioned that your father use to make bombs for the military. Did he teach you any of it? I asked.
I never told you that, but yes. He was sure that I was going to follow in his footsteps so he made sure I was ahead of the curb. He said. 
It may just have been from the trip a lot of information to take in trying to decipher what happened in there and what happened before has been a little tricky. I responded.
Its like Total Recall. Zayin said.
Something like that but it good to see youre good for something. Bilal said.
Like it or not we are at war and need to be prepared to escalate this conflict in order to get our message across. There will be no marching for freedom or equality of spiritual practices when a system is designed to destroy you. The only answer we can have in a situation like this is to take the conflict by the throat and choke the life out of their oppressors and reclaim what is rightfully ours. I said to them.
And in that moment we became the resistance.





Chapter 31
My initial thoughts were right to begin recruiting when we were in school but the timing was off. This was our moment. Binah and Shekinah knew of some hackers who were sympathetic to our plight and had been hacking federal and state sites condemning the action of the government. She put us in contact with them because we would need to organize. We were able to set up a meeting later on that week.
So you all are the ones Shekinah and Binah are all crazy over. One of them said to me without any formal introduction.
Guys, this is Isaac and Dion. Briah said.
We all looked at each other and smiled but they all gave us a look as if we were crazy to find anything amusing in the moment so we just moved on with the meet and greet.
So you all are the real deal, true spirituals? Isaac asked.
We have been your advocates because we feel like this is the worst act of oppression since slavery and even worse than the religious oppression during the inquisition. Isaac told us.
Unfortunately, these attacks are ultimately the same as the ones before that you mention Isaac. They are just kicking it into high gear giving it a new face and name but the end game is the same as always. I said.
Are you all able to get a message out to the people over the airways? I just need a symbol and we can do the rest to imprint on the consciousness of those that need to see it. I just need it to run on all channels during the next Presidential address because that will get us the most coverage. Bilal said. 
Yes we can do that no problem and what symbol would you want to give to the public? Dion asked.
A seven with a circle around it. We said.
Nyema and Skylar will work on the artwork and we will get it to you by the end of this week which should be enough time because I know he will be giving a speech in two weeks. I told them. 
How do you his speech schedule? Isaac asked.
Lets just say, I have a feeling it will be necessary. I said.
As we left the meet we went to meet up with Zayin who had been working on something special for us to give to one our local US Senators that was on the Intelligence Committee. 
It is ready? I asked.
Almost I have to add one more ingredient to the cocktail. This will put him out for a good 2 hours just place it in his home and the chemical will do all the work for you. He said. 
As we made our way to his house we saw that there were no guards around as they must have all been with him in the office downtown. We made our way to the window and were able to pick the lock and open it. Fortunately for us this was a safe area and there were no alarms so we were able to slide the cocktail in and put it on timer to be release later that evening. 
As we went home we all felt accomplished because we knew what would be happening later that evening. We all went out for some food meeting up with Zayin, Binah, and Shekinah to tell them of our success. They still were not clear as to what was going on and it was probably best for them that they be kept in the dark for their own interest in the event they were ever captured and questioned.  We ate and laughed and it all felt like we were back in high school last a few months ago before everything took a turn for better or worse depending on what side of the fence you were on.
As we made it back to the apartment it was time to set off the cocktail in our Senators home. It was a gas that would allow us to get into his psyche and gaining influence into his decision. Now this man was one of the most notorious oppressors of spiritual people in Congress. He sat as the Chair of the Intelligence Committee where he knew the whereabouts of all the concentration camps in the country and would be our gateway to getting to the President. 
When the concoction went off we were able to get into his thoughts and instantly felt the pain and suffering of the spiritual people being slaughtered at these camps. They wore the number seven on their shirts and walked aimlessly about the grounds waiting on the day they would transition to the afterlife. They had lost their hope and even their spiritual ways in this despair and it was saddening to see. 
In the mind of the Senator we felt complete happiness with their lot but a need to get something greater. It was us he was thinking about he wanted the ancient ones and their descendants that had awakened through their trauma inducing events which were intended to root us out for extinction but it did not work.  It made us draw a line even further in the sand, knowing they will take out innocent people to achieve their goals. But like we knew they had no idea on how to find us. But they were strategizing on a means of corralling all the ancient ones that were spiritual, the ones that had arisen like Lazarus out of the tomb. A clean sweep and they would deal with the ramifications later. It was the greater good that they would tell the international community they were protecting. But they were still debating behind closed doors the best way to do so. 
We were going to have to do something with this guy as we had gotten all the information needed we had to set their plan back. We decided we were going to use the Senator as our inside man and dispose of him when the time was right.
He was on his way to Washington to meet the President where we could have him give false information about an attack on the East Coast which would leave the main west coast camp vulnerable to our cocktails where we could free a camp and begin our movement. 











Chapter 32
Zayin proved to be very useful as he was a master with manipulating chemicals properties. He was able to take metals and make things from nothing and we were able to amplify that talent and to give him the gift of alchemy where he could take any metal or chemical and mold into to whatever his intent was. He had no idea we had given him the gift which was the attainment of his full potential, this was paramount because he had to know that the idea came from him to remove any fear or doubt he had in his own abilities. He had to know that his true power was always within. In a perfect world we would have let these talents develop naturally, unfortunately we did not have that kind of time.
We did not want to be deified; we just wanted the liberation of our people and the overthrow of this tyrannical government with the President and the Pope at the head.  So with this cocktail that Zayin was using we were one step closer to this goal. With the focus on the east coast amps. We were able to easily infiltrate the concentration camp in San Diego as there was a decrease in military activities. 
So the plan is to place the chemical gas on the outskirts of the camp which will let the minds of the guards be susceptible to our suggestion. I reminded everyone.
So I will get into their minds and cause chaos on the base in the midst of the confusion Nyema, Skylar, and Zohar you all make sure to get the people out of the camps. Bilal said. 
I still dont know why we are even worried about them. Nyema said.
Yeah they are not even ancients. Skylar followed.
True indeed but they are pawns in the game regardless. They are distractions for the true movers.  I told them.
At the end of the day they were essential to our plans. They were newbies, ones that drifted to the spiritual although it was not encoded in their being they have a leaning to it and were punished as a lesson to the masses of the nation not to interlope with the kinds of us spiritual folk. There was no resistance by the guards due to Bilals manipulation in conjunction with our Aikido training which I think Musa had foreseen where we were able to manipulate the subtle energies in the environment to control gravity where the energy our enemies were using to do us harm was used against them. 
Everyone to the buses. Now! I commanded.
The people looked at us in awe as they had not seen anything like that before where they understood the difference in their position versus ours where we had the latent gifts they only read about in books of speculation.
We took them to a site that we had commandeered in Yuma, AZ near a deserted military base as our location for planning and shelter from those we freed. We realized that these that were freed did not have any spiritual powers because they were not the ancient ones. But the reason they were captured was because they were expected to be sympathizers to our cause which they were once we finally came out of the shadows. 
When they saw the four of us they honored us even though we told them not to. It was a combination of things us being their liberators and also having the powers they have only seen on television and read in books. We were the real thing, the real threat that the government was worried about.
With that our next move was about to take place. Our actions were carried across news outlets nationwide. The news was reporting that the President was going to reassure the public of their safety with the latest terrorist attacks that occurred. Prior to the speech we verified with Isaac and Dion that the hack would be ready to go when his speech aired tonight a 7:44pm.
When the time came the President was punctual with his speech as always, being the diligent dignitary that he was.  He began his speech in the oval office: 
Men and women of this country we are facing our gravest enemies. They are organized and dangerous. The will kill women and children to further their agenda. They will.
In that instance Isaac and Dion came through our symbol the 7 with the circle through it and as the masses watched the symbol the intent that we placed in it went deep into their sub consciousness. We made them aware of our plight, telepathically sharing stories from those we freed to the masses through our symbol. We were able to touch them in the deepest recesses of their mind and we all knew that we in that instant changed the mind of nation. Although they were still unaware that we existed and we were intent on keeping that way until the time was right.
That next day there was word that there was an uprising at concentration camps all over the nation with the spiritual prisoners being freed. The whole country went into to chaos. People were protesting the government in the street holding up the encircled seven. But for us protesting was not going to be enough we had to take action against the government because in the end people were getting beat by both the police and the National Guard depending on the amount of spiritual people in the area. But it was still a good tactic because the newbies to this spiritual movement were the ones that were on the front lines where we were in the back like the Wizard behind the curtain. It honestly did not matter to us what happened to them they were just pawns who owed us for our sciences and this was their universal debt to right the wrong of their ancestors who had white washed the role we had in the past as kings, queens, and high priest as we made our way back to our thrown. The ancient ones still remained in hiding for it was not time for them to reveal themselves to the masses. We let the newbies be the face and targets of this revolution, it was only right. 













Chapter 33
It was approaching the New Year and time had gone by so quickly. We needed to do something drastic to kick off the New Year. Nyema had a plan that would change everything.
We need to make a statement that their whole way of doing things are a joke. There is no freedom here, no liberty. Rights are only privileges that can be taken away. We need to kick things into high gear. We need to take down the Statue of Liberty. She said
We all looked at her like she had three heads because it was so extreme but we all knew it would definitely be a statement.
We got with Zayin who was able to easily make some explosives. We made our way back East to where this all started not even worried about scanners anymore because we were at such a high level we did not even read. We were operating on another frequency so we just flew threw in 3 days arriving back east taking the major highways and stopping in Oklahoma City Memphis, and Pennsylvania along the way where we were able to get rooms from sympathizers to our cause which was set up by Binah and Shekinah family connections. Our hosts only knew that we were friends of the spiritual group back west. At this point our network had grown so large this was a complete change of pace to our journey out to Arizona almost a year ago. The Circle 7 was known and resonated in the hearts of men and women across the nation and the world. As we acclimated ourselves we began to plot of the days events. 
Ok so the plan is simple we will get to the Statue of Liberty tomorrow before the crowd gathers for the for the boat ride over to the island. We will tell them that there has been an issue with the area and it has been shut down. I said
I do not know about that one Zohar. It may draw more attention than we need. Skylar said.
Yeah Zohar we have to actually shut that thing down and make it impossible to go over for anybody other than us. Then we can make sure our work goes undetected. Bilal said.
Yeah that makes sense. We can use the Mind Storm technique in order to create a storm tomorrow but localize it in at the island it will be weird to some but give us the time we need to do the work. I instructed to the group.
Mind Storm was a technique my father had picked up along the way in his studies it was something the ancients had left that the newbie spirituals claimed as their own. My father reclaimed it and taught the technique to us as children where we perfected it. It required a clear mind where then you could affect the weather. Our plan was to create a storm and localize it in all of New York but focus the heavy downpour and winds of the storm near Liberty Island early in the day and we would end the storm as we made our way over to the island. We had many friends in New York and one of them who was an ancient would be able to get us to the island before the New Year so as the ball dropped in Time Square so would the Statue of Liberty and the war would actually begin.
I hope nobody equates this to 9/11. Nyema said. 
In its inception the Statue was a gift to celebrate the freedom of the slaves who were descendants of the ancient ones. The elite government did not want to have a black womans face as the statue so they had it redesigned to look the way it is today. Everything that thing stood for was against us, it had to go and I was honored to be the one to do it. 
We had to leave Skylar behind at the safe house as she was going to keep the storm going as we made our plans for the festive New Year. We all dressed the part and looked good but had our own agenda that no one saw coming. 
As we made our way to the statue we placed all the explosives in the manner that Zayin had instructed. The Statue of Liberty detonated as the ball dropped; we all watched it fall in awe. It was a culmination of everything we had been through, the running, the studying, the meditating, the trance, and the revolution. So much has happened and we did not lose ourselves in it, we grew as a family. Even with the sacrifice of my father we know that this honored him. In that moment we all hugged and made our way back to the safe house. 
On our way back we got a call from Zayin.










Chapter 34
They got the girls, Shekinah and Binah. Zayin said and hung up immediately in case his phone was being traced. 
Luckily for us the girls did not know much about our operation but could identify us if pressed by the government. We had to get them out of there but needed to get with Skylar because the four of us could use our telekinesis in order to hone in on their energy signature and find them. As we made our way to the safe house we informed Skylar of the success and ultimate challenges of the night. 
What do you mean Shekinah and Binah were picked up, who was with them? Skylar asked.
I am not sure of all the detail yet, it was a short conversation form Zayin. I told her
Well we have to get them out of there. Bilal said.
We will we just have to be smart about it so that we do not put them in harms way. Nyema responded
We need to get back to Yuma. I told them.
By now the four girls had become close and they wanted to see them retrieved. They were picked up in San Diego as they were doing some organizing for us on the West Coast. We were looking to recruit a team for the next phase of our plan and they were taken. There were no alternatives; we had to go get them. Unfortunately after our little stunt the only option was to drive back across country as planes were grounded.
We have a cousin Rafael in New York City; he can get us a car to drive back. I told them.
But he has always hated dad. Bilal said.
Hate is a strong word, perhaps not agreeing with the way he lived but knowing of his death I am sure will put him in a different place. It is easier to step on a man for the way he lives them to trample on his memory to his children after he has died. We can use that guilt to get what we need. Nyema said
Well lets go. Just make sure to keep energies low as the government will be on high alert. I told them.
Sometimes you say the most obvious things Zohar. Bilal said. 
It is because you forget them too much. I am only here to keep you focused Bilal. I said. 
As we made our way to Queens we found our cousin in the hallway outside of his apartment talking about the commotion of the New Years.
Did you hear the boom, I know it was those terrorist. Rafael said to them.
Yeah but they seem to have good reasons for their actions. someone in the group shouted. 
To kill innocent people, the news is saying over 150 onlookers were caught in the blast. Rafael said.
I knew this was going to be awkward.
Hey cousin, we heard on the news what happened and was coming to make sure you all were ok we were in Times Square for the ball drop. I said.
Yeah we are good. Where are your folks at? Rafael asked. 
Dad passed a few months back; mom has us on the west coast now. We are staying with Nana until school picks back up. I said. 
Sorry to hear about your father, we were close. We hung out all the time but then he got a little too weird for me so I had to back off. Rafael told us. 
Yeah Dad was a stubborn guy about what he knew, you could not tell him anything differently. Bilal said. 
Rafael could you do us a huge favor. Nyema asked.
I knew you guys needed something, what it is. Rafael laughingly asked.
We need a car, my mother just called us about an emergency back west and with the planes being grounded we cannot get home that way, a bus would take too long, we need a vehicle. Nyema said.
She has not been right since dad died so we never know how serious it is until we get there. Bilal said.
Why did you leave? Rafael asked.
As bad as mom is Nana is 10X worse. I told him.
Well let me see what I can do but it will not be until dawn. Rafael told us.
Thank you. I said.
That morning Rafael was able to get us a car so we could drive back west.
Skylar scan their minds so we can get a fixed location and let me know if they move them. I told her.
Got it! she said focusing intently on her third eye where she was able to bend space and pinpoint their energy signature and in their minds which allowed us to monitor their questions they were being asked and the responses they were giving. 
Skylar saw them in a dark room being interrogated by military officials. They were trying to find answers to the bombing of the Statue of Liberty and our overall operations neither of which those two had any answers to. Outside of the four of us the only person that knew was Zayin. They only helped provide contacts for us due to their social abilities and status on the West Coast through their family ties. 
Skylar hold them off until we make it. I told her.
I will try but they are scared Zohar, they are beginning to crack but I am holding them together. Skylar responded.
I am surprised them have not began to torture them yet. Bilal said.
I am sure that is coming. I said.
We were able to keep them quiet until we made it to their holding spot, Los Angeles. 
As we gathered outside of the building we knew things were going to get complicated. We did not have enough time to meet up with Zayin for a cocktails or explosive. We were just going to have to go in there and rescue our friends.
So do we have a plan? Nyema asked.
I think its time we showed them who we were it is time to come out of the shadows. Bilal said.
I have to agree with Bilal we control this realm so it is time to make that known. I responded.
As we walked into the military base in Los Angeles we were able to get an idea the full extent of our abilities. We walked straight through the gate knocking out the guards with a swipe of the hand. As more military made their way to us we turned them around sending them back to their homes. We did not want to hurt anyone, just get our friends back. We continued to their location but there was a sniper on the rooftop that we did not see. As the shot fired, Bilal caught the bullet with his hand inches before it struck the back of his head. 
He knew we were not trying to hurt anyone and he shot anyways. He said.
Bilal threw the soldier off the rooftop and did not even bother to look back. None of us did we just kept moving, understanding that things happen in war. The other snipers took heed to their fallen comrade and stood down. 
I really thought there would be more action than this. Nyema said.
You sound disappointed. Bilal said.
Lets just keep moving and find the girls, which way Skylar? I asked.
Pass the flags and through the pillars. She said.
As we moved closer we saw tanks approaching.
You happy now Nyema? Skylar said.
Absolutely! Nyema responded.
We picked the tanks up off the ground throwing them into each other causing explosions all over the base. Fires were ablaze and people were screaming in the chaos. We were able to finally get to the exact location of Binah and Shekinah but at this point we let go of the passive approach that was taken at the gates. We took control of the minds of all the soldiers in the building turned their guns on each other and fired. They all fell at once. We made our way to Shekinah and Binah who embraced Bilal and I with happiness and tears. 
What took you so long? Binah asked.
We have a flare for the dramatic. Bilal said.
We need to move, now! Nyema said.
We made our way out of the base with little resistance or sp we thought noticing the line of tanks at the gate.
Are you kidding me? Did they not just see what happened like twenty minutes ago? Bilal said. 
We did not want to hurt anyone in front of the girls so we just flew the tanks out of the way with a slight of the hand. 
Impressive, Shekinah said.
I think you might have done this on purpose for my attention. I told her. 
Of course you would think that. She responded. 
Girls! Bilal said.
As we made our way back to Yuma we told the girls from now on to keep off their street since the government knew who they were now they would definitely be a target. The same could be said for us who may have revealed too much in their rescue although they may still underestimate us because we did not hurt as many people as we could have.
So you got them! You guys are all on the news. Zayin said as he greeted us upon our arrival.
 As we turned on the television we saw the reports with the government calling us a new kind of terrorist too brazen to be controlled. They had never seen anyone spiritual that looked liked us as we had been in the shadow. I was not sure of the magnitude of our decision or the domino effect it may have on others. 
Did we really expect them to tell the truth? The government controls the media. Nyema said. 
This is the time to strike at our other targets. I said.
I agree lets get to it. Bilal responded.
This whole traveling by car is for the birds lets get a plane. Bilal continued.
Where are we going to get a plane from? Skylar asked.
Skylar, we have the power over this planet I am sure we can figure it out. Bilal said.
Before any of us could say anything we got an encrypted email from one of our supporters out of Tucson that had a plane if we needed it.
You see Skylar, you got to believe.  Bilal said.
Shut up! she responded.



















Chapter 35
So where to next? I asked.
We are going to have to take down another national monument. Nyema said.
Yeah it will cripple their economy. Skylar added.
Yeah if we have not learned anything from history it is that if you hit them in the wallet, it hurts. Bilal said. 
Within no time we were boarding a plane headed to Mt. Rushmore. It was the next stop on our national tour of destruction. 
Do you have the explosives from Zayin? I asked.
Yeah I will place them around the area so we can set it off this evening. Skylar said.
We waited until the building was closed and set off a light show that could be seen for miles, it was exquisite. 
They have no idea where we are going to hit. I said.
I am sure they are mostly concerned with Washington DC, that is next so wee must be prepared. Nyema said.
We had our next stop coming up shortly but the President had another national address we had to crash. He was speaking to the people about the Mt Rushmore incident. This was going to be a little more intense then blowing up some faces on a mountain. These were guarded national treasures as symbols of the elites power structure. With our recent actions the level of alert was at an all-time high and they were ready for an attack on their front lawn. 
We need a diversion to make this go as smooth as possible. We do not want another military base incident like in LA; we were too blatant with our efforts. Nyema said.
For good reason though sis. I responded.
She is right though we have to be smart, what about the released detainees from the concentration camp? Bilal asked. 
They are hungry for some retribution and we need a distraction so everyone wins. I said. 
If we were to loosen the security in Washington DC we had to get these newbies in an uproar. We used our contacts we had made through Shekinah and Binah to call a meeting with our East Coast supporters. We met in the backwoods of Maryland between Washington DC and Baltimore to an excited crowd. I was given the task to speak to the people.
Get them to the point they are willing to take a bullet for us. Nyema told.
Absolutely, just think of it as if you were talking to fellow ancient ones before a battle. said Skylar. 
Yes, just a far less evolved version. Bilal said. 
Thank you all for coming out, it has been a long ride for my family to get to this point. We have traveled all over the country and are only beginning to see the results that we envisioned in what seems a lifetime ago. We are here not as your allies but your friends, we have a common enemy and that is the elite government of the world controlled by the President of the free country, and I use that term loosely and the Pope who is the spiritual leader of a majority of the planet. They play a power game to keep us under their thumb only getting by with crumbs and seek out our very destruction for a fear that we are powerful beyond measure. Well beloved, we are powerful and we are great. We are the future that will take the world to new heights never before imagined. But we cannot do it without your help. For whatever reason your spirit has leaned to spiritual truths from the people we call the ancient ones have left behind for us to discover. Others have taken credit for their finding but make no mistake these are relics left by creatures of high mind. In order to move this utopian vision my family and I have for the planet we must get rid of these usurpers that are in the way. They are backed by powerful families that control their monies worldwide. We have cells all over the country but you my beloved at this point are the most important. We have gotten word from our insiders that these bankers are having a meeting in the upcoming weeks in New Orleans, LA. They will be conducting rituals using our ancient magick in hopes to try to stop what we are discussing tonight unfortunately it will be too late for them. You all will strike with furious vengeance and slaughter those bankers and will set in motion a chain of events that will change the world as we know it. It will be dangerous but the reward will make it that much sweeter when this obstacle is overcome. Are you prepared to die and embrace your immortality and live forever? I asked in conclusion.
The crowd roared in excitement. And with that hook line and sinker the newbies were ready. We dispatched them to the swamps of Louisiana to prepare and get ready. We had ancient one who was a descendant of the old Moorish sailors from Western Africa out of the Dogon Tribe who came here before Columbus setting up civilization with all the ancient tribes of North American and helping them design the pyramids in Mexico. His name was Nomo he would be overseeing the operation down there on our behalf as he was privy to our grand plans with him being an ancient. He was an old friend of our parents and was kept abreast of our progress through them. He was proud of who we have become and was willing to do anything to aid in our journey along the way. We knew what we asked of him was no small tasks but the newbies would be doing all the work. He was just there to make sure they followed through on their tasks. 
I am sorry to hear about your father. I felt when he left and have seen him in my dreams. He told me that you all were coming so I was prepared. Nomo said.
Thank you Nomo, you have been there since forever and we appreciate you being here now as this is the craziest things we could have asked you to do. I said. 
It is just a babysitting job more or less; I will have the newbies doing all the heavy lifting. Nomo said. 
Zohar has them ready to take a bullet so you make sure you take advantage.
Did you hear what was going on around the country? Nomo asked. 
No, we have been out of the loop for obvious reasons. Bilal said.
They are killing any people that looking they could be descendants of the ancient ones as they fear you all. The shot one boy your age with his hands in the air as he asked them not to shoot Nomo said. 
And that is the very reason they need to be stopped. Nyema said.
You all have the glow of enlightenment surrounding you. I see your fathers advice for us to pave the path for the ones was accurate. Well let us not waste any more time talking and lets get this plan moving forward. Nomo said.
As they were working so were we. The planning for the attack on DC had commenced. We trusted nobody other than ourselves with carrying out these tasks and just like all of our other attacks we waited until the dead of night to limit the casualties. The plan was simple we had purchased four RPGs to be fired by each of us at the same time at the targeted location. We would be hitting the Lincoln Memorial because he never freed anyone just gave the illusion that people were free to enslave them economically; the Thomas Jefferson Memorial because he spoke of freedom and owned slaves; and finally the Washington Monument because it was a slap in the face of our Ancient Society using our architecture to keep the energy of the people of the city in line with your agenda. After those targets had been taken care of we would turn our sites to the US Capitol that would give the message that there laws no longer had any authority and we were in control. After this we would head to back top Yuma to meet with our West Coast team and plan the next steps which would have global ramifications. 
Back in Louisiana Nomo was organizing the newbies to disrupt the meeting of all the world bankers meeting to protect their interest worldwide which we were damaging through our various efforts over the past year. Our intelligence was informing us that they would be performing a ritual in order to stop our cause unbeknownst to them we had dominion over this world so their ritual would only empower our efforts which we would direct to Nomo and our troops on the ground to slaughter the bankers.  The newbies were ready for anything but we had given Nomo specific instruction to rattle them to the point where they wanted to get vengeance for their plight. And he did just that as they approached the meeting that was being held in a quiet hotel in the French Quarters off of Bourbon St. Armed with guns and a lot of ammo Nomo spoke to the group of ten as he pulled them aside for a brief pep talk as he saw some of them look wavering in their commitment to my call for action.
You all must understand these people we are attacking are not people they are leeches. They get rich off the misery of the masses, for them to be rich somebody must suffer. There will always have to be somebody at the bottom for them to succeed. They are so cold that they would eat their own children in order to make it, which is the name of the game for them. There have raped and pillaged lands for wealth and status, caused war for the promotion of greed and riches. But we my friends will say NO MORE to their exploitation and we will extract our vengeance with their blood. They may put somebody in their place tomorrow, but we will find them and slaughter them too. Our revolution is not about hurting the innocent but there is nothing innocent about these bankers. And they are planning on doing a ritual to harm us but we are protected by the chosen ancient ones, we have already won this contest but lets put our words to action. Nomo said. 
Nomo had organized one hundred soldiers ready to fall on Bourbon St. from multiple areas which would be a blitzkrieg style attack on the hotel where they would hit them hard and fast. We had been training the newbies since their release from the camps for this very moment and what was to follow. They had taken well to our direction yet still were uncertain and antsy for when their moment would come as they heard stories of our exploits at the different sites around the country. But there was nobody we trusted to lead this group other than Nomo.
Nomo was one our families close friends. My father had known him for what seemed like an eternity where he was one of the few outside of our circle that made my dad feel like he wasnt crazy. At times we thought Nomo was crazy enough than all of us combined. He had a determination to overthrow the government and would organize the descendants of the ancient ones constantly but they lacked the wherewithal to put anything to action for they were scared. Everyone who had stood up in the past the elite government was gunned down. Fear and hopelessness was a staple in the community. There was only dialogue and exercises in mental thoughts; many were just arm chair revolutionaries which angered Nomo. He voiced it often to my father who would calm him down by letting him know that in time their chance would present itself and they would take it. The time for that was now.
So Nomo was the only one we could have lead this attack. He had some of his close friends with that he trusted to make sure that it all went to plan and did it ever go to plan. They ransacked the hotel leaving nobody to tell what happened outside of trail of bodies that could not talk. The actions did not win us any support to say the least from the public but what it did was galvanize the descendants of the ancient ones who had recently been under attack with the unarmed shootings of the children.  
In Washington, DC we got word of their success and knew it was our time to act as we saw the defense of the District relaxed as their efforts was to investigate what occurred in New Orleans.
You all ready for this, no turning back now. I said.
Turning back has never been an option Zohar. Nyema responded. 
Although the words were clear they were not spoken as Nyema was miles away with Skylar about to use the RPG on the Thomas Jefferson Memorial. Bilal was targeting the Lincoln Memorial, and I was locked on the Washington Monument. Unfortunately, it was too risky to plant explosives on account of us or the bombs being discovered so RPGs made the most sense, well to us anyways. The fireworks never stopped. The timing was perfect because everyone was so concerned with the massacre on Bourbon St. no one saw an attack on more landmarks coming. For whatever reason they could not think like us, we were playing chess and they were playing hop scotch.
We released our ammunition at the same time and all you heard was BOOM. We all met at the site of the destruction on the Washington Monument which was really a tekken or obelisk that was used to balance energy. Nobody noticed us in the destruction which I think was by the design of the ladies as they were intent on not making it known who the culprit was for the event where I think Bilal and I could care less. It was funny how we were acting like the spheres of the Tree of Life Binah and Chockmah in this moment. Still in unison we lifted out RPGs together and took aim at the United States Capitol and shot it down. The destruction of that building had my heart gasp in excitement and enjoyment which I felt shared by us all.
And before the authorities were able to arrive on the scene we were on our way to Yuma in a vehicle transport we arranged as we knew through our previous attack that all aircrafts would be grounded in fear that we would strike in the air as well. But we knew that the events of 9/11 were a ploy and we would never reenact their methods of fear using the general public as collateral damage as the methods of operation taken by the global elite. Our goal was not to make the people afraid of us but to make the government and their army shake in their boots. Those who saw our symbol the seven encircled knew our intentions were pure and even if they never uttered it aloud, they supported our revolution. 





Chapter 36
Following our attacks, the President was not able to address the people for every time that he would our Senator on the inside would inform us and we would interrupt his message with our symbol. Our symbol was seen in every city and town nationwide as sympathizers wrote it all over the streets in graffiti. Our plan was working but we had not driven out the Pope from the gates of the Vatican yet as our efforts were only taken place on U.S. soil. We had to take this fight to the world. The bankers were not enough. Other dominoes had to fall and we knew just how to do it. 
We need to get to England and take out the Royal Family. I said to them.
There are other families that have something coming to them as well Zohar; we have to hit them all at once. Bilal said.
They are having a party to celebrate the princes birthday. Royals from all over your Europe will be attending to pay their respect. Skylar informed us.
We needed to work our way down from Europe to Africa, in the same route the elite enslaved the people of Africa we would redeem. But we needed to split as one group would take the path through Europe and the other would take the path through the Middle East. We never liked separating but it would allow us to cover more ground and encircle the Vatican.
Nyema and Skylar would take the path through Europe and we would take the path less travelled starting in the land of Jerusalem.  Due to the tenuous relationship between the East and West from the War on Terror which was a precursor to the War on Spirituality many from America did not like travelling in the Middle East due to news reports but we were not like the rest. This world was ours for the taking to reclaim what was once lost and no news story was going to stop that. We had left the newbies under Nomos command nationwide as we decided to trek across the ocean.
Any magickal sympathizers going to come this time Zohar? Skylar asked.
I do not think so but through proper planning after the events of New York City, I have already arranged for a boat to take us East. I said.
Well I guess we are going to navigate this boat on our own. Bilal said. 
Flawless Moorish navigation as dead always said. Nyema responded. 
Yeah, navigating ships is in the blood and how hard could it be, I mean we are gods Skylar said. 
As we made our way toward Europe we were all pretty level headed, we had a plan where we would meet in Morocco after we each finished our task. We all embraced and said our momentary goodbyes as we parted to our own paths once we dropped Nyema and Skylar off on European soil. 
Nyema and Skylar made it to London at 4:44pm in the evening. The weather was beautiful. They had made plans to go to Stonehenge for a meditation session prior to their journey to Buckingham Palace. Everyone was still on high alert because of the attack of the World Bankers as the families of those men controlled businesses and politics worldwide but they were as equally as concerned with the destruction of landmarks although they had not understood the connections of our attacks. Thus, the girls were walking around without any suspicion from our enemies but it was not like they had any power to do anything to them if the girls were apprehended.
As the girls made it Stonehenge the sun was setting and a majority of the people was leaving the site. They girls laid out some cloths and lit some candles. The freedom to be spiritual was treated with suspicious eyes in Europe but had not yet hit the level of hysteria as it had in the United States which was the worldwide pilot for this program of the United Nations so the threat of confrontation was not present where they were just able to let go. Still they set up an energy barrier around Stonehenge that did not allow anyone with negative intent to notice them making them undetectable. 
As the girls plummeted deep within their trance they found themselves in front of fifty gates of darkness where in the distance there was a planet with rings.  They looked at each other knowing they were seeing Saturn. Immediately after that acknowledgement of their location a figure which resembled the devil out of Western religious tradition appeared at the gates.  
Since you like to monitor intent of those in the waking world I must do the same before I let you enter the gates. The figure instructed.
Why are you here? he asked.
We are here for rest and we miss home. Skylar responded.
Home, then you must go back to the United States where you are hunted down like animals. the figured continued.
We mean our real home. We are the children of the first star. Our enemies the world over must be held accountable for their actions and atrocities they have committed in the name of power and greed. Nyema interjected. 
Devil, you are under our dominion, no different than the angels and their choirs, and gods of the Tree of Life. Why are you questioning us? Skylar asked. 
I am just here to check your intent by the first mover, the first star. Others in your situation may have gotten drunk with the same power and greed that you are looking to overthrow. It has happened to your kind before. We have to maintain a check and balance processes for your own benefit. The Devil responded.
The girls rolled their eyes at the same time annoyed with the idea that the issue would even be a topic of discussion. But understanding that the fall of the ancients must be avoided at all cost succumbed to an understanding of the necessity of the discussion which they knew was a success. As they walked through the gate they floated in space making the way to the crown and back into the other side of the black hole where they enjoyed the very first water of creation and took in an enormous amount of dark matter. They loved these moments as they were serene and enjoyable which was different from the revolution they were getting away from if even for a split second.
As they awoke they casually got up and made their way to the train on their way to the palace. It was eerie how calm they were. As they sat on the train Nyema grabbed a newspaper that detailed the chaos that was going on stateside. The girls had to bite their tongues to avoid cracking a smile at their success and put on their best acting voices to appear concerned.
Somebody needed to stop these lunatics causing all this madness. Skylar said.
Yeah, I am just glad this mess is on the other side of the world. Nyema responded. 
Instantly they heard a voice chime in from behind. 
It is a true tragedy. I understand why they were being rounded up now. They are a complete nuisance to our way of life. I cannot wait for them to be exterminated. The man said.
The girls shook their head in agreement and continued to read. The paper was a tool for the elite to still get their message to the public without the fear of a hacking and it seemed to be successful to a point because reading the newspaper was a practice that had died out a long time ago where most information was coming from your computers, phones, or televisions. But you still had your people who were sheep and committed to the government so when they were told that they would only be disseminating official information through the paper followed orders and would tune everything out unless it came from that source.  In the paper the revolution was portrayed as everything other than what it truly was. Nyema and Skylar read it as a big joke, a last ditch effort to control the minds of those who were slowly turning to our side. These next moves we would make would be polarizing and force sides to be chosen hoping the public would fully understand who we were and what our purpose was. There was a universal admiration for the Crown of England for reasons that were not available to our minds. Maybe it was the way our parents raised us telling us we were the real royal family I do not know nor did I care after these actions of Nyema and Skylar it was clear that you were going to be either with us or against us.
The birthday party of the Prince will have the most security of any event known to England due to the recent attacks in the United States although no attacks are imminent in England it is only a precaution. The newspaper read.
I am glad you insisted on buying that paper. We need to maintain focus and hopefully we can get this done and be in Morocco way before the boys. Nyema said to Skylar in jest. 
All of the stars are aligning sis. Skylar responded. 
As the girls pulled into the city they made their way to the gates of Buckingham Place, looking up they saw the new moon and felt regenerated because a new beginning was on the horizon as they were able to pull in more energy from the sphere of Yesod from Tree of Life. 
With a swipe of their hands they knocked the guards into the fence and walked through the gate. As they were dressed for the occasion they blended right in. As they walked in they immediately saw their faces in the royal coat of arms, again proving what they already knew. This throne like all the other ones all over the planet belongs to the ancient ones.
What time is it, Skylar? Nyema asked.
It is 7:11pm, Nyema. Skylar responded.
No time like the present. Nyema said grabbing Skylars hand.
As they grasped hands they immediately went into trance with their eyes as black as the darkest night of the year. They girls had the winter solstice in their eyes the day of cold and death yet pointing to a rebirth that was on the cusp. 
They levitated in the room which got the attention of everyone present where their hearts were overwhelmed with fear and panic. The royals knew who were. Regardless of the newbies that were the face of our revolution the true puppet masters stayed in the shadows as only a muddled whisper of our presence was known through our rescue of Binah and Shekinah but today we truly came out of the shadows for them to see but nobody would be left to tell the story. 
As the partygoers looked to exit Nyema and Skylar locked the doors and turned off all the lights. Where the room was just as dark as their eyes. The girls began to glow a radiant golden hue. They began to contact the souls of those from the Atlantic Slave Trade that these families built their powers off and Seafaring Moors from Northern Africa who lost power to the families in the battle of Granada in 1492. They were able to bring these souls through the other side of the black hole to cause chaos to the party. The Souls ravaged the skin and bones of all in the room leaving nothing but dust. 
Screams of horror went throughout the hall as justice finally reached Buckingham Palace. The only people remaining after the souls were done were the palaces owners, the Royal Family of Buckingham Palace. When Nyema and Skylar came out their state of trance they heard whimpers in the corner, it was the king and his queen and there immediate family.
Not so bold when the slaughtering is going on in your own house I see. Nyema said.
The girls took the blade we had in our meditation circle and stabbed them one by one in the heart. As their bodies fell to the floor bleeding out there was a feeling of extreme accomplishment. As all the families of Europe fell in one night. 
My father always said stabbings are personal and it does not get more personal than this. Nyema said.
Royalty, what a joke. Skylar said. 
Lets get out of here, I hate Europe. Nyema said.
I doubt the boys can match this. Skylar responded. 

Chapter 37
Thousands of miles away my brother and I were getting off a train in Jerusalem. It was a long ride but we had finally arrived in our destination. The work was about to commence as we made our way to the Wailing Wall people began to follow us.
Welcome home ancient ones. The group said to us.
How do they know who we are? Bilal asked.
I do not know, but they do not seem like any type of threat. They seem welcoming. I said.
How do you know we are the ancient ones? Bilal asked.
We knew you all were coming for a long time. We are the ancient people of this land before myths took a hold of the imaginations of this globe, we were here. We have always been here but we have learned a long time ago not to fight with the converts of Jerusalem and we get along with the Palestinians as they are victims of the converts just as we are although we have had our confrontations with them in the past as well. It is just frustrating because people who have no natural ties to this land other than a religion they converted to are protected by the world. The man said. 
I agree one hundred percent but we are not here to play politics. Is the Wailing Wall this way? I asked. 
Yes, the Wall is that way but I would not do what you all are planning. The man told us. 
Why is that? Bilal asked.
You will destroy the Mossad but you will lose because nobody likes a conqueror the love a liberator. He said.
We were being head strong. I think trying to keep up with our sisters was taking us off our square and not allowing us to think strategically. We needed connect with the peoples desire for freedom, he was right. There was enough tragedy to make a stand instead of causing a ruckus. We changed course and headed to the Gaza Strip.
When we arrived we saw military tanks of the Israeli Defense Force destroying homes where one was about to destroy a school. Before I could blink Bilal stood in front of the tank. There were news reporters everywhere; it was like the image from Tiananmen Square but with a different ending. Bilal grabbed the nose of the tank, as the tank fired Bilal with his talents of telekinesis turned the barrel of the tank in itself causing the tank to explode. 
There was awe and fear as we had never done this in front of anyone before let alone the media. He had definitely made an impression. No sooner than the wreckage from the tank hit the ground were tanks shooting at us and fighter jets en route. 
Well we know how to make a first impression. I said.
Its the one they always remember. Bilal responded.
We stood our ground and did not move. Bilal and I closed our eyes and we went somewhere else mentally, everything just faded to black all we heard was screams and explosions. It was not until we opened our eyes that we saw the carnage on the ground with the military being totally destroyed.
What happened? we said simultaneously.
It was not until we spoke with that guy from the crowd of ancient ones that it all made sense. 
You all closed your eyes and they all fired but as their weapons were discharged they exploded on the army. He said.
Cool! we responded.
When we closed our eyes our minds touched and we knew they would not touch us with their weapons. I just wanted something cool like soul fighters like Nyema and Skylar. But we were unmoved movers it was an impressive feat nevertheless. As we basked in our laurels more military personnel showed up but we sensed that they were scared.
Leave this strip to the Indigenous of this land and the Palestinians. Do not hurt any more children. I yelled to them.
The Prime Minister of Israel came out in an effort to show the world who was obviously watching that he was not afraid of us. I was surprised that he had got here so fast but he asked for an audience with us. But we were not interested in diplomacy our ploy worked. With a thought we brought his internal organs out on the pavement, people everywhere were in shock as he fell to the ground screaming in agony. As the news reporter put the camera on Bilal and I, we were able to mentally link with Dion and Isaac who were able to get our symbol to the public where they were able to link our efforts with the ones in the United States. Still, I am sure they were not able to connect all the dots just the obvious. 
As we had the attention of a nation we let them know the truth about their holy land as the airwaves were released from our hacking it allowed for us to make a message to the people of the country and whoever was tuned in across the world.
You holy land is in your own temple which is the body. A land is great due to its resources which ancient people have been robbed of for a long time not because a mythical figure walked the land. The only gods that have ever walked the Earth are the ones standing before you. We are here to remind you of your potential to show you the greatness of the god within. I said to the camera.
We had won over the Indigenous of the land and the Palestinians which was our ultimate goal. They were inspired to rise up and take back over the country under the banner of the ancient ones with Palestinians working with them in that effort. The inhabitants of Jerusalem who held the power of government ere not the original people of the land because even if the myths of their texts were true the converts from Eastern Europe were not the ones spoken of in the book. 
For someone not interested in politics, that was a political statement. The man said.
I do not like how they took the land, thats all they do is take and usurp. Today they had to see the results of those actions. I told him. 
Being here only a few hours we made our presence felt but we had one more stop on the way to Morocco, Saudi Arabia.
The Saudis were the most supportive country in the Middle East of the elite government of the world. The people of that country were treated horribly and the royals enjoyed a life of luxury, a familiar story the world over but since we were going to be in the neighborhood we might as well stop by and say hello. 
When reaching Saudi Arabia we were now the new rock stars. Who would think that terrorists could be popular in the Middle East? One persons terrorist is anothers freedom fighter has been the motto of our parents since this whole thing started years ago and it rang truer as they days went by. We were met with cheers but also soldiers who wanted to take us to the Saudi Palace to meet with the King of Saudi Arabia, we went without an issue which took the people by surprise as they were waiting to see an altercation between us and the soldiers yet the words of the elder ancient in Jerusalem stuck with us where timing was everything. 
As we went into the palace we were impressed by all the gold that was displayed everywhere. A poor use of resources to say the least but impressive nevertheless. We were met personally by the Kings personal assistant. 
The King is honored to have you all in his presence and wants to meet you to discuss your intentions in his kingdom. He said.
Our intentions will be decided after we hear what the King has to say. Bilal said. 
For now we are just passing through to another destination. I said.
Where are you all headed? he asked.
That is not your concern. Bilal responded.
As we made our way to the King we saw beautiful women everywhere but we knew that he had no idea of what to do with us. Was it to give us a bribe, give us women, it seemed like they were giving us the royal tour to see where our weaknesses were but unfortunately for them we did not have any. We left those weaknesses that were present on the other side of the black hole. As we met the king he was surrounded by guards, his most trusted I suppose. It was not like they would do any good for him.
Thank you for what you did to Jerusalem. The whole Middle East owes you a debt. He said in an attempt to gauge our actions and the rationale behind them. I think he hoped that the whole speech was just for television and that we could be swayed somehow. 
Well, our actions on the Gaza Strip were to stop injustice to the ancients and those they consider friends. I said.
From what we could see there is a lot of injustice here as well. The ancients crossed this Arabian Peninsula as they travelled the world and were one of its first inhabitants and how do you honor them, by assisting the global elite to keep their foot on the necks of the descendants of the ancients worldwide and you do your people a disservice by honoring their economic system that is built for the elite such as yourself. Bilal continued.
What do you want me to do? Anyone who does not get in bed with them they kill and put a puppet in their place. the King responded.
What do you think we will do to you and unlike them we do not need an army, we can crush your entire empire with a thought? I said.
Again I ask what do you want me to do? The King asked.
We need you to be our ears in the area until we return. We will require you to do us a favor and set up a meeting but not yet but when the time is right we will reach out and we will need you to make that happen immediately. But we have other business to take care of first, we need to know that we can trust you on this and that you will not go back to the United Nations and tell them of this meeting. I said.
They have eyes everywhere how do you know they do not know you are already here? the King asked.
We only allow ourselves to be seen when we want to be seen. Bilal answered. 
Well that is good to know because I was worried I would be a dead man being seen with you both, do you know the uproar you all have the whole world in? he badgered.
That was the point. I responded. 
With that we left the palace with the King in our back pocket but unbeknownst to him his thrown would be vacated. We could not in good conscious let a man of that caliber continue to rule over people at all let alone in that fashion. The days of kingships are over and I never understood the rationale behind giving up power to one family who would have say over your life. Everyone deserved to be free and determine for their self the way their life was going to be experienced. That power, of anothers life being placed in anyone hands especially ones that were controlled by forces of power and greed went beyond my lens of understanding. But the people of Saudi Arabia would soon be free but we had one big fish to fry before we could do that. That fish was the Mother of Western Civilization whose bastard creations have taken a pole and beaten their mother for hundreds of years. We had to fist liberate African and it would begin at our safe house in Morocco. 




Chapter 38
As we arrived the beauty of the architecture stood out you could see the fingerprints of the ancient ones throughout the country. It had a feeling of nobility that was not from the populace but something that resonated deep from the soil. It was beyond words with clay dirt that seemed to be the molder of those ancient scholars that took the continent of Europe out of the Dark Ages giving them castles, language, math, and science, it felt like home. Our first plan of action was to meet up with Nyema and Skylar who had arrived a couple of days earlier. It was not as if they were as notorious as Bilal and I. I knew that our actions in Jerusalem would be epic but was still tickled by the constant reminders of our efforts whether it was seen in television or in newspapers. We had generated an interest in our movement globally that sought to threaten the way of life as the world knew it for a multitude of people. We just had to make sure our work was complete.
Morocco was just as crazy in the streets as Saudi Arabia where we were met with swarms of people in the street that wondered what we had up our sleeves next. They were even calling us the Sultans of Morocco and asking us were we going to extend a treaty of peace and friendship to our enemies. We just laughed at the love we received knowing that listening to that elder in Jerusalem paid dividends, knowing that we would have to repay the debt one day.
We have to get to the safe house. We cannot get caught up in the celebrity of it all. I said.
Yeah but you have to admit it is kind of cool, but you are right. Lets make our way to the girls. Bilal responded.
As we made our way out the crowd we were handed a note from a suspicious man that bumped us as we walked to our taxi. As I opened the letter it was written with the inscription To the leaders of the Circle Seven. 
I see they coined us by the symbol, how dope is that. Bilal said.
We waited until meeting up with the girls to open the letter. But it was strange how the guy had given it to us. He did not look he was from Morocco, he looked more West African, like a relative of Nomo. There was no threat from what was presented but curiosity was wreaking havoc on the brain trying to decipher what was written. Being patient was never a strong suit. 
As we met up with the girls we all embraced both being successful in what our tasks were. Although Bilal and I went off the script by making our efforts seen to the public.
You know you made it difficult for us to be seen with you all in public. Nyema said.
I know this was Bilals idea, he always wants to been seen. Skylar said.
You all just hate the fact that we are a global phenomenon. We are like the Jackson 5. I responded.
But seriously we got a letter from some random guy on the street today. I said
There isnt any powder on the envelope is there because if you get me poisoned I am going to kill you. Skylar said.
It was very cryptic. Bilal said.
Well open it! Nyema screamed.
To the leaders of the Circle Seven my name is Khafre. I was hoping to assist in helping with your efforts here on the Mother continent. We have been following your campaign since its inception and would love to help on whatever you have planned here. I know you can gauge my intentions and see that they are pure. We currently have a group of 500 ready for whatever you all have planned. We are a group that have been working against the efforts of the colonist and there handpicked leaders for hundreds of years where we have had moments of success and moments of utter failure where they have killed our most charismatic personalities. We all seem to have the same fate as people of the diaspora whether they are here or African leaders in America that were stolen from here years ago and the descendants of those that sailed years from Mali to the states before that. We would be honored to join you and hope that you accept us and we can work together for the liberation of Africa. If possible we would like to set up a meet if you are interested on the shores of the Atlantic Ocean at dawn.
So, what do you all think, 500 is a nice number. I asked.
Yeah, see you all our works have borne fruit. Bilal said 
I am interested to see if the fruit is rotten Bilal. Skylar said with Nyema nodding in agreement.
Everyone serves a purpose is what I heard echoed in my ears, the words of my mother and uncle. We just had to figure out how to best utilize the group. Before we could think we heard a knock at the door. It was a courier with a message. The leaders of the African countries wanted to have a meeting in Egypt. The idea was a slap in the face for so many reasons but we agreed looking to explain the disrespect of such a meeting in person. The meeting was scheduled 11:11pm at night. I do not understand why we always were asked to meet at such peculiar times like we did not understand the significance of numerology another smack in the face that was strike two for me. But I was glad it did not conflict with our meeting at dawn because I was excited to grow our movement with new recruits. We would be able to meet with them and they take a flight to Egypt which was only 4.5 hours away. I was under the assumption that the meeting was similar to the meeting with the King of Saudi Arabia being that I know that he had told his compatriots in Northern Africa in hopes that they would make the same deal with us sustaining their power in the region.  Whoever ended up in our favor felt that they have been granted a Get Out of Jail Free card especially after the incident in Jerusalem where Buckingham Palace was only rumored to be us. It was an excellent play for us where leaders continued to grovel at our feet. For us it was not about that though it was the opportunity to get them in a room and get them to understand why it was important to be on the right side of history. It is a pitch we were good at giving especially when the person on the other side of the table knows that you can make them dust with just a thought.
We did not mind using fear except for those that opposed us, for the masses we wanted their devotion which we were given. Everybody wants to be free even if they do not know it yet. 
Lets gets some sleep, tomorrow is shaping up to be pretty intense. I said.
To think that the leaders of all the African Nation wanted to meet us, some kids from the city that happened to pick parents that instilled in them ideals that would tip the scales of power globally.
It is funny because I am sure that my father is laughing. Nyema said.
Yeah he definitely played his role in the incarnation. Skylar said.
I thought he was so crazy my whole life but it was everyone else, Bilal said
But we came around and look at us now, so close to fulfilling our destiny yet so much left to do at the same time the thought of it all is exhausting. I said.
I had to take a moment to step back and breathe because it was overwhelming at times.  But we were here ready for the challenge and excelling at it, these were fun times as we were writing the story of our ascension to greatness. 
As dawn approached we made our way to the ocean following the sounds of the water hitting the shore. It was interesting to see what this group was about. All we use to hear in the states is that Africans did not like African-Americans; I never knew how true that was because my parents always had friends from the Motherland around. Nevertheless this dawn meeting I am sure would be beneficial as we had no real movement in Africa and this was the start.
Well here we are and its 7am where are they? Bilal asked.
No sooner then he asked the question we saw Khafre in the distance making his way to use with about 10 other people. I guess being conspicuous was not his strong suit.
Good morning, glad to see you make it.  Khafre said to us.
Well, you said you had 500 hundred people that were ready to see some action so we were intrigued. I said.
So is it all about people ready to die on the front lines for you all. He asked.
You mean the newbies, they are get wits to be honest none of them are descendants from ancients or ancients themselves. These are people whose guilt guide their growth the intent is not pure, so their lot is to pay the ultimate sacrifice with their lives as they rectify the decisions of their ancestors, this is their retribution to be a pawn in our rise. I will never even blink an eye at that. It is the law of universe that this occurs. You cannot think of time linearly link your colonizers Khafre it is cyclical. We are the only ancients we have ever put in harms way, well and Nomo but he is crazy. Ever since the presidents announcement proclaiming us terrorist we were well aware of the fact that no ancients were ever discovered. However, Africa is a whole different ballgame where the United States and Europe was just a warm up. I responded.
The choices we made initially were to destabilize the economy and promote fear in the elite. But Africa was different. It was the high rollers tables at the casino as this was definitely a gamble. The elite have had their foot on the necks of the Africans since we showed the cave dweller how to sail a boat. This was a place rich in resources but no African controlled them. They were all horded by the elite in power with a Negropean traitor elite African who was brainwashed allowing actions that were detrimental to his or her people. And I have not even touched the fact that Arabs had invaded and occupied the remnants of our high civilization in North Eastern Africa. So, yes this meeting with Khafre was a big deal. 
Khafre let me be simple and plain to avoid the confusion. Your, our people will never be pawns. We are looking to place people we can trust in governmental offices and lead this continent and kick the oppressive forces out. I told him. 
Is he always this pleasant? Khafre asked Skylar.
It is his parents fault they have told them the crimes against Africa suffered for as long as he can remember. This means a lot to him, it means a lot to all of us. Skylar responded.
I blame my passion to help 
But we know that you are not victims. None of us are unless we sit by and watch this happen. By doing nothing we become victims of our own complacency. Bilal said. 
Well by working together we hope all this complacency and intently focused destruction of the continent will begin to halt.
Through Khafre and his compatriots that sentiment was going to change in Africa where we would get the African to look within in order to free themselves. We vowed to each other to sit back and let them have all the control in this revolution. 
Let me tell you this Khafre, we are meeting with the leaders of the continent in Egypt this evening we would love to have you bring your trusted friends and come with us. We would love your input on the situation. I asked.
Of course, it would be an honor to accompany you on your travels. He responded. 
Perfect we already have tickets and will arrange some for you as well. We will leave at noon. I told them.








Chapter 39
We arrived in Egypt and it felt like I had been here before, I am sure the same could be said for the rest of the group as well. The land was beautiful I was able to see the Nile where the great Rabbi discussed in our travels in the Tree of Life made his discoveries. We instantly were able to take in energy from all the sites including tombs in the Valley of the Kings it was all empowering for us all where we were taken back to our last sphere in the tree when we were embraced by the Gods and Goddesses of the Nile. We made our way to the Sphinx and the Great Pyramids.
We need a mediation session before meeting with everyone.  And it is only seven oclock we have time before the meeting. Nyema said.
We need to go meditate in the great pyramids. Skylar said.
While we are at it we might as well meditate in Khafres pyramid.
I dont have a pyramid. he responded with laughter.
You just might. I replied. 
We were able to manifest easy access to the pyramid where we set the stage for meditation similar to how we did it back in Phoenix, AZ. I noticed that it kind of knocked Khafre off his square for a moment as we never discussed his spiritual leaning as it was assumed it was something similar to ours which is why he was joining us. 
So, what is this that you are doing? Khafre asked.
We are placing reminders as link for our mind to connect with as we make the journey into meditative state. We clear the mind and allow the channels to be parted like Moses on the Red Sea to reach our highest state of mind. I told him.
Is this something that anyone can do? Khafre again inquired. 
Of course it is just dependent on your ties to the ancients but we know you all good. What is your spiritual background? I asked. 
Coptic Christianity. Khafre responded.
Well it is all the same and all comes from this continent anyways so there is no difference we just know that god dwells within and continuously work on the ability to perfect that connection and realize the talents we have in the physical. I said.
Well let us try this ancient work your way. I am intrigued to see what happens. Khafre said.
Khafre and his men were able to join us in the circle and adjust quickly to the methods we gave him as we proceeded. We all meditated together. As soon as everyone got in synchronicity with their breath counts we saw the top of the pyramid lift up off of the top of pyramid like a soda can and light travelled in creating a star portal. I assumed it was the other side of the black hole similar to the ones in our trances but I had never seen it in the waking hours. We all remembered the whispers from our future selves telling us about this where  the melding of Africans from both sides of the world were merging the breath count which was the true ruler of this plane and we were in one of our ancient artifacts. I could not have planned it any better myself. We all were pulled to the other side of the portal. The four of us welcomed the transition but the bodies of Khafre and his comrades fought with their souls. Because the secret we learned from our parents which we tried to inform them of was that the soul is immortal but the body is in constant fear of death because although the body is also an immortal instrument which transition into different forms as it moves in matter it has not accepted it. It is only concerned with this incarnation only. Where the soul in contrast has been around for eons in occupying these different forms of planets on different planes and in different spheres has accepted its lot and welcomes the opportunity to be free of the physical and travel. So, there is a battle when reaching higher levels of consciousness where the soul fights with the body that is afraid to die. An agreement has to be made to the two where there is an unspoken contract for the souls return where they are then not fighting the transition to higher levels of consciousness but working together because the both understand the benefits that come from the higher levels. 
So we saw this conversation going on between Khafre and his compatriots that came along for this journey. But as descendants of ancient they were able to figure it out and rather quickly which was impressive. We saw them finally transition to the other side of the black hole. Coming with us made them avoid the tree all together as we were the living embodiment of the tree of life on Earth so there interaction with us represented the climb to higher levels. So as we welcomed them to the other side they looked with marvel as they were surrounded by dark matter. We reassured them that this would be good for them. They were bombarded with an assault of an upgrade in the dark matter energy. We saw them growing but we knew there was more for us.
As they are busy with that let us explore this side a little bit. I said to my family. 
As we explored we saw a pyramid which was exact replica from which we just came. In that there were ourselves though not in appearance but we knew we were the same in meditation. It was a whole different world here but it was only a glimpse into another world. 
I think they are doing the same thing we are doing, tapping into another world. Skylar said. 
So this was just the tip of the iceberg I realized, we needed to keep going to go beyond where we are currently are at because although we were at another level to anybody on our plane there were still milestones to be reached. Stagnation equals death and we can never be content with progress. So in that moment we all agreed we needed to meditate on this side and open up a new portal.  
Nyema and Skylar brought us up to speed on their mediation in Stonehenge where there was a new battle that our parents were not aware which was between the spirit and the soul and it transitioned to even higher levels. We took heed to their information as we began to take our place in the pyramid. We sat next to ourselves in this dimension and went further into meditation which opened up another portal to another place we had to get familiar with. 
In this place we saw ourselves again. It seemed that we were following them somewhere but the destination was unclear. In this state they were older but since time had no relevance I was not able to get a fix on their age. In this space we are able to see the birth of our home, the first star. It was a beautiful sight where the alignment of all that was needed lined up perfectly and a sun was born. From that is where we originally came so we thought but the look on the face of those that we followed went deeper than that. It was as if we had missed something completely in our previous visits because there was a cause to this first sun and we were a part of it. This first mover that made all this happen, what was of its essence is that from whence we came? It was like Alice in Wonderland where the rabbit hole got deeper and deeper. In that thought we realized that there was no difference between that first mover and us. It was not the first star we were from but were the primordial mover from which all life flowed at least on this level of the black hole. Now we could continue to mediate on that theory through other black holes and the consensus I felt from the group was that regardless of when this first movement happened we were a part of it because there was no separation between us the that mover being that the essence that is in us is within that first movement which we have received a glimpse of on Earth having everyone in our reverence, but there was a larger task at hand which was to return the planet to the ancient ones and their descendants. That goal had not changed but took on a different plight especially with the escort of Khafre and his followers with us here they were reaching levels that they had never seen before and would need to be guided with our meeting this evening in mind. And in thinking of this meeting I was immediately brought out of trance and awoke the others at the time was approaching for the meet.
The look in Khafre eyes was one of clarity which was not present prior to our entrance into the pyramid. As we made our way to the meeting in the heart of Cairo we were all clear with our intent we had to eradicate the leaders of the continent that were in the pocket of the elite through their institution whether their schools, International Monetary Funds, or World Banks. All of these institutions were created to break the back of the Africans making them dependent on sources outside themselves. Khafre was determined that this would end and they would no longer be subjected to those that did not have the best interest of the continent in mind.
Now through our travels we knew that we had planned all these transgressions a long time ago but it did not make the acceptance of these conditions any easier. So, to right the ship was an honor. These Africans in charge were no real leaders as they were selling their soul for power and greed which made them no different than the elite of the world as they were their puppets chosen to subdue and dilute the ancient ones and their descendants.   
Trying to put this feeling aside I walked into this meeting with a leveled head in order not to give away our plans. As we made our way to the meeting I had an image of what I was expecting from these leaders which was similar to the King of Saudi Arabia. However, with their arrival I knew this was not going to be the case. 
The leaders of these African Nations came into the room for a meeting they requested and acted like they were doing us a favor by the meet. The leader of the meet was the representative from South Africa. Now this aggravated me on a lot of levels as there country could have led these assault years ago but let the government elite keep their claws in the country. But again my feelings could not be announced. 
So, you are on our continent and are looking to do what? he asked. 
We are not sure yet but we do know that your love for western culture and your subservience to the west is a detriment to your people. I responded.
Lets cut to the chase. You all are puppets that work for people who are completely against you that look to destroy you in every way possible whether it is disease, exploitation, colonialism, or war. You all just sit by getting fat and watch your people die without any actions of correction to their plight. Bilal interjected.
I tired to interrupt to no avail because Bilal was getting agitated by their tone tremendously. 
No Zohar, they need to know, they allow all this to happen and it makes me sick. You all have all the resources yet lack a backbone to stand up to your oppressors. We are not better in America but at least we have begun something. Bilal continued. 
You need to wake up out of whatever fantasy you are in. Have you ever heard of Lumumba, Mandela? They kill all of our leaders no different than yours. It is either we get with their agenda or we will die. And I my friend want to leave, for nothing good will comes out of this meeting for any of us. He responded
You all are the disease crippling your people and allowing the elite to exploit your land. Here are our terms, get them out and stand up. Nyema said.
Woman, you are crazy we will do no such thing we are living good and have no need to jeopardize that based on your idle threats. I do not know what T.V. magic you all did in Jerusalem but this is not that we will not be intimidated by your kind. He said.
We do not threaten you, but they will. We have 500 people ready to take your heads off if you do not comply with our demands and they are hoping you fail to comply as they are ready to stand up. Skylar told them.
You do what you must, because either way we are dead. He said. 
As I gave the signal the followers of Khafre swarmed on them leaving only the echoes of screams in the night as they eradicated the obstacles from the freedom of Africa.  The came in and wreaked havoc cutting, slicing, and shooting all of the leaders and those that came with them. It was a complete slaughter one that would be remembered for all time. We had come in with this intent in mind but I had seen it play out differently than what occurred as I thought they should fall at our hands but it was better that it went this way. As Khafre and those who came with us were embalmed in dark matter they saw the big picture and what we wanted to accomplish. In our exit he told us he understood our vision and his people would be able to secure leadership on the continent on our behalf and rid the area of those who looked to exploit it. We were encouraged by his resolve and were able to leave the continent in good hands as we empowered its people as we worked together. 
I knew it was going to be us that took them out. Bilal said
Yeah me too, but it is better this way. They have connections in all the countries and they needed to do this to empower themselves. I responded.
As we made our way out of the Egypt we got a call from the King of Saudi Arabia.













Chapter 40
The president would like an audience with you all in my palace. He informed us.
It took us taking Africa I see. Let him know that we will meet him in Kenya. I told him.
Will do. The King said.
He doesnt seem to be the type that likes to be a middleman. Nyema said.
He wont be a middleman or alive for that matter so I hope he enjoys his last days. Skylar said.   
As we made our way to Kenya the people were very nervous about our meet, as it had been broadcasted all around the globe that this meeting was taking place although the media attempted to put the spin on it where to put it in their word as the president meets with the terrorist to stop the violence. We did not even have Isaac and Dion cut the clips as we knew we had swayed the public enough with our symbolism that their efforts were in vain. The public knew what we were doing and there were more of us across the globe than the elite. But this was tricky as the President of the United States had roots in this country, it would be difficult to take him out here but by doing so a message would definitely be sent that regardless of who you are if you are on the side of the elite at the expense of your own people globally especially your ancestral people your time would come and he would be no different than the leaders of this continent who had fallen days earlier. We had Khafre and his warriors available but we knew we had to do this ourselves. This was a culmination of everything we had gone through from the time he first made war on us moving our family across the country and having us hide out like we were criminals when we were just kids trying to enjoy our life. Little did he know that those action would get us to this point, having us be the emblem of mercy and severity that would take a movement comprised of leaderless leaders pushing this world forward reclaiming our throne to make sure the development of this world was for the benefit of everyone and not the few. 
As we saw his car pull up he was surrounded by countless guards we all knew that they were helpless against us. But I guess he had to feel comfortable even in the end one wants to feel like they have some power in the situation.
So we finally meet. You all have caused a lot of problems around the globe for a lot of people. The President said to us.
That was the point. I am glad we were able to get your attention. I responded.
So, what do you all want money, power? I can give you both but you must tell me how you got that power and how we can harness it. He demanded.
You just do not get it and it is sad because you are one of us but no different than the people who have sat in our throne for the last few thousand years. It is not about any of that we have to return the ancient ones to their rightful place and remove any obstacles to that effort. I said.
No sooner than I said that Nyema and Skylar went into levitation stifling the presidents guard where Bilal and I were able to lift the President with the concentration of our minds eyes focusing a violet blue flame which began to manifest, ripping him limb from limb his screams would haunt me for the rest of my life as he begged for mercy but we did not let up. As he fell to the ground with his blood forming a puddle at our feet we made our way into the darkness of the night in order to get out of the country as there would be uproar from our action in this country and the world over. 
As we made our way north back to Egypt we knew we had one last stop to make and that was to the Vatican. Focused in our efforts and success on the brink we knew after that domino fell that was the Pope, we would be closer to the place we wanted to be with the world moving in a positive direction. We had to make an announcement to the people before word got out as it was better coming from us than the media outlets that the President was killed. We made our way to the local news station and called into Dion and Isaac to run our symbol for 44 minutes before our speech. Our address would be remembered for years to come.
As the lights hit I was tasked with breaking the news to the people again.
Good morning people of the free world. By now you are well aware of who we are and what we have been doing. We have promoted the freedom of all people of ancient descent and those of any spiritual inkling who have been threatened during this war on spirituality. We have liberated concentration camps, destroyed symbols of oppression and ridicule, eradicated families and leaders which now includes the President of the Free World. He met his maker, us, last night in Kenya like others on the continent who ravaged and pillaged the mother of civilization days earlier. If you are not for the freedom of ancient people then you do not have reason to breathe air on this planet. We have one more stop to make and you can join us in the pilgrimage to the Vatican. The Pope was one of the people who gave permission to begin the slave trade and is the current puppet master behind the scenes knowing who the ancient people are and with all his power he uses it to hide our lineage and legacy to continue the dominance of the elite through the late President and other government officials worldwide who use to make up the United Nations. Other nations have an option to relinquish your power or face us like your contemporaries. But the Pope has no options and cannot escape. We currently have a mob of supporters blocking all exits and underground tunnels until our arrival. They will not cause any harm to anyone prior to our arrival however they are instructed  to defend themselves to the death if confronted so please let them be. Everyones time comes eventually and it is the Popes time. Any Catholics who want to get sentimental by all means feel free do so but know that your efforts will be in vain as there is nothing you or anyone can do to stop this day of reckoning. I concluded.
Just drop the mic and walk out, we done. Bilal whispered.
Me taking him seriously I did just that and we left the station.
I cannot believe you dropped the mic on them like you was at a concert or something. Bilal said.
I thought you told him for some deep significance Bilal. Nyema asked.
Nope, this fool just thought it would be funny. Skylar said.
Really, Bilal, that was like international television audience. I said.
All things considered, I think that went well. Bilal responded. 
We were ready to end all of this, although the King of Saudi Arabia was a necessary pit stop on the way back home which we had not forgotten. It was a quick flight from Egypt to Italy. We were met with supporters on one side and enemies on the other. There were times we could see outside the plane where both mobs were going to attack each other and could not be held back by the police. I had seen we had caused a divide. Nyema and Skylar grasped hands and closed their eyes in that brief moment the crowd of detractors got quiet and began to disperse. It was funny that when this all started they were so concerned with getting the guns for our protection not knowing that our mind was our most powerful weapon. As we exited the plane our supporters grew even louder but I am sure by the look on their faces that they were confused as to what just happened. 
We made our way into the car after greeting the mob and showing them the love and affection they had given us by just being there to meet us in our arrival. The car took us to the Vatican where we met up with some friends from back home led by Nomo. They were charged with securing the documents that were in the library of the Vatican which contained ancient documents by the ancient ones prior to their fall. These documents were to be a guide to the people on how to right the ship and get in tune with the ancient ones that lied dormant in the souls of their descendants in order to move this world forward justly. 
As we moved in the Pope was there with what seemed over a hundred guards surrounding in. With a thought they all fell to their knees with their nose bleeding as their brains hemorrhaged. The pope stood in fear and awe of us. 
Than ancient ones have returned. He said to us in a whisper. 
With that he fell to his knees in submission understanding that his time had finally come to an end.
I apologize for the way we have usurped this thrown of your and made your existence horrid in the midst of our laughter at your conditions but what would you have done? he asked.
We would have never let you rise again. And trust me you wont. I responded as Bilal cut the head of the snake off. 
With that a gasp left from our collective lungs as the journey reached its conclusion. As we made our way out of the Vatican people looked shocked that we made it out alive and began to run out. We gave the signal to Nomo to gather our ancient manuscripts from their library and to take it back home as we knew within those pages was a way to wake up the descendants of the ancient ones whose powers were no different than ours but lay dormant. As we made our way back to the plane to go home we received a call from Zayin.
Is it finished? he asked.
Yes, finally. Nyema responded.
Well, I do not want to burst your bubble, but since Nomo left the newbies have been out of control they have been attacking the descendants of the ancient ones in your name for being sympathetic to death of the President who tormented them. They are attacking cities across the nation and we are worried that this will spill over globally. He informed us.
Thanks for the update Zayin, we will send Nomo to get in touch with his men on the ground and will be right behind him. I told him.
Nomo, see what the newbies are doing, I was not lying to the Pope when I said those of his kind would never have our mercy again and I mean it. Attacks against our people are never acceptable. So, you find who is behind this and you hold them until we get there, understood. I told him.
He nodded in agreement and took his flight as we had to stop in Saudi Arabia to visit an old friend. 
As we arrived in Saudi Arabia we were visited by the King at the tarmac which was great for us as we did not have time for all the hoopla of an official visit. We just wanted to conclude our business with him and deal with the conflict back home. 
Welcome back, I see all went well for both of us. He said with a smile as if he knew he was in our good graces. 
Well everything is going ok for us I do not know if I can say the same for you I told and with that Bilal decapitated the head of the Saudi king with his men looking just as lifeless as they were crippled by our actions. 
We will be back with new leadership that will better represent the interest of the people of this country any atrocities committed in our absence the guilty parties will meet the same fate as fallen king and make sure that message gets passed along. Nyema told them as they quickly ran away hoping to avoid the same fate.
We boarded the plane to head back to the states which we saw as the heart of our revolution because of the work that was put into solidifying its foundation which we felt was being completely disrespected by the newbies who had no real understanding for what we were doing. This is our fault as we should have expected this from them. They felt our victory was theirs and saw this all as an opportunity to claim a throne of new power that had just been vacated by the global elite but we had to crush them and start a new and awaken those who could really transition to new levels of consciousness and were not here just to ride our coattail. But to be honest I was just shocked by their audacity to attack our people in our name no less.
Can you believe this, we get them out those camps and this is their repayment? I asked. 
We need to handle this quickly in order for us to awaken the descendants and push this thing forward with them empowered. Skylar said.
Has anyone heard from Nomo? I asked and with that we got a phone call.
Hey these newbies of yours are going crazy, it seems as a result of being around you all and feeding off your energy like vampires. They have been showing glimpses of abilities which they have not seen before. They truly have been fooled into thinking that they are now our equals and fight our people in our name. It is blasphemy my guys have located there next major attack and are planning to intercept them. He told us.
There will be no need for that Nomo. We will handle it, no action by your men will be necessary. I told him.
We all sat in a circle and went deep into our mediation. The key to their confidence was that by being in our presence even if only for short moments and a part of our energy we had begun to decalcify their pineal gland which is an organ that gives functioning support to spiritual power. Through this they have been able to begin seeing glimpses of ability equivalent to an infant of a descendant of an ancient. Although they were no real threat, the appearance of a lack of unity was very damaging to all the work we have done. Being that they were only to be a distraction for our global work they were tolerated for the sake of our cause. But now being that the work was complete there were no longer a need for them and their actions made the decision of what to do with them easy. We were able to go ten times deeper than ever before and recalcified their pineal gland and prohibited their ability to take in oxygen effectively ending any potential threat they caused to any descendants. All of them in a blink of an eye fell gasping for their last breath as they perished. We were all able to see this happening and knew it was their nature to act this way thus this was the only rational outcome.
In that same instance we awakened all the descendants of the ancients bringing their consciousness collectively with us to the other side of the black hole infusing them with all the dark matter contained in the universe as we saw them being reanimated and made alive again to create a new world of new possibilities. 
We had completed our mission and in this state we stayed, leaving our bodies behind and being Lords over this realm making sure that the fall which we had never occurred again. So our glimpse into the 6th sphere was accurate where we were sacrificed for the good of the people although our transition was not as dramatic as the crucified saviors of times passed and our cross was the infinity of time and space. 
It was sad not being able to say goodbye to our parents but they knew that we had made the ultimate ascendance to the throne and were now the ones the myths would be spoken about. We knew they were proud and they work that we did would live on forever under our guidance and if necessary we would always be able to reincarnate into matter and experience this crazy ride all over again. 


  


