
Seven Hills One Death
Seven days in Istanbul: An ugly love, a beautiful revolution and a delayed suicide

Ili Piskale

Published by Ili Piskale
Copyright  2015, Ili Piskale
All rights reserved

First day

I had a lead pencil
The year I was locked in jail
It had lasted only for a week, because of writing and writing
If you ask the pencil: A whole life
And if you ask me: Just one week or two

Nazm Hikmet Ran

There are two kinds people in this city: Ones who cannot make revolution because they arent able to kill any living beings; and other ones who can make barbecue by the ability of killing living beings.
The man on my right, standing six steps away from me, tells me these words, and stares at me tirelessly. But Im watching the standing water that drains away from an enormous loophole under the Bosphorus Bridge. Towards night time, Istanbul is shining, sometimes bursting, sometimes swollen The irritating halos of the headlights that reflect on the clouds; the famous rising of the moon, alarming fishes who are at the bottom of the sea; the white lamps reflect on bear bottles thrown in the sea
There is a pretty illusionary play of lights in this city, also it seems like there are hundreds of stones on the water of Bosphorus. One can believe that everybody can walk across from Uskudar to Besiktas without wetting on the trouser cuffs.
You know what, this city taught monkeys holding pencils,
It taught being a porter, praying, falling in love
Even fighting, breaking nose and sewing pocket
But did it teach us smoking a cigarette with pleasure and calmly by oneself?
The same man on my right tells these words. He must be bored of my profile that grins like a pontoon, so now he is turning toward Sarayburnu and going on reading his Istanbul-themed poem.
As to me, just thinking. It seems to me that Istanbul couldnt teach me how to smoke. I have been trying to smoke for five minutes coughingly. I am coughing because it has been the third cigarette that I have ever smoked in my lifetime. Even if it is the expensive one that I stole from the luxury collection of my sister, Gizem, smoking is totally not for me.
Why I force myself to smoke on this blinding view of Istanbul, holding on to the handrails on Harem-Sirkeci ferryboat? I have done something today that I generally do not. Now slily I am looking at the poet man on my right who sways like an arc and blows smoke. Trying to imitate him, I blow smoke bitterly towards the Topkapi Palace.
And I am thinking Istanbul also couldnt teach me how to hold a pencil. There was a small grocery in a suburb that was run by my father at a time. I am talking about 90s. Who were children in those years know well what a grocery store was full of. Cheap chocolates that were produced in a crack walled factories remained from 70s, which had been settled down like a garbage track at the sides of streets Then The chewing gums decolorizing under water; the nylon-coated little triangle cologne packets that burst into faces and eyes; the confusing biscuits; the jellied junk foods of all colors; the chickpea powder that somehow had never made me cough, the ice creams that were cheaper than gums; the finger-shaped ice; and the broken chewing gums looking like a cigarette
Everything was gum in 90s, everything was making of gum and everyone was living like a gum. The carton-boxed chewing gums with footballer cards inside; the rubbers smelling gum; the chocolate-coins dipped into aluminum; the gummy candies pulling out teeth; the cry-baby gums smushing eyes
Hundreds of cheap foods jammed in the rectangle-vitreous grocery shelves, that their corners were fastened with red and little basketballs. All those things that I counted, I could hold them. I mean I could grasp them between my thumb and forefinger. But pencils? Those damned pencils A symbol of savings, devilish grinning pencils To buy a second pencil might have devastated family economies in those years. For that reason alone, many nuclear families might have fallen apart.
I couldnt hold them in any way, pencils were just dropping down from my fingers! The red, blue and green colored, black-headed lead pencils that filled our throats with their colorful-wooden pieces when we chewed them. For most of children, these pencils were the first things they had suck only after their milk bottles.
Then, the red written pencils were sprouted up, that were round, slipping down from fingers, and made me unnecessarily cry. One day, I had seen clicky pencils at the grocery. They had toothed edges that were giving me hope for holding it, but even they didnt help.
I could hold iron pencil sharpeners and even very thin leads. But when it comes to hold a pencil, I could not do it. Even if I used to get beat up by my bulky woman teacher, who had always worn her shoulder paddings, even if her long nails digging my ears, and even I tried many times, I couldnt hold those pencils!
Time of school was passing like spreading into hundreds and thousands of years, it was so slowly. Despite reading texts very well and understanding all my lessons, I was always unsuccessful about writing. I was able to put all letters together on my mind, and solved the relationships of all sized letters that used to show up on Sesame Street TV programs, that I could hardly catch, running after school. But when it comes to write, it was impossible for me.
Of course, it was a very serious problem for my future and for my mothers prestige. My bad performance at school was a suicidal reason for my mother, who put herself on airs as a wife of the grocery man in the vicinity. I was only seven and she always threatened me to kill herself. I would start writing at once or she would jump off balcony!
However, when she found out its seriousness and complexness, she went to another ways. Hodja, haji, grass smelled teas made of mixed herbals, spits of spiritualists, holy but disgusting breathes At last, she even took me to a church.
People were praying and sticking coins on door of Eyup Sultan tombs for their daughters to be able to get marry, and to have a car, a house. And my mother couldnt help herself sticking coins on all walls and putting amulets into all holes to make her son write. Until one person of my family members stopped this rush.
This person was my mothers brother. He studied history and became lecturer. He was in his twenties and also smarter than all of the family in total. But for me, he was my childhood hero.
My uncle took me to doctors for my problem and I had many tests. He was suspicious about damage on nerves of my hands. It is said carpal tunnel syndrome. I remember it was kind of nerve compression. Whatever it was, I had no injury on my nerves. Then, like all other confused children, I started to fill the detail papers of the pale faced psychiatrists at the gray colored public hospitals.
I was able to button up my jacket, able to count my beads, but there was no way for me to hold a pencil. When I touched it, I felt like someone was scratching my fibres; when I tried to grasp a pencil, I lost myself and all my consciousness. At this point, I couldnt hear and disconnect with the world around me. I had a really serious existential problem at this early age. Only because of pencils
The years were passing, my problems were still the same at school. When my uncle realized that my problem was only about pencils, he gave me screwdriver set with many trunks. He still believed I would overcome my problem psychologically in this way. He showed me how to use screwdriver, sharps, drills and all other apparatus. He used to give me home works increasing the difficulty. All day, I used to change screwdriver blades, digging into trunks, rubbing their edges and tightening screws. And I always listened to banned cassette tapes of my uncle, like Cem Karaca and Ahmet Kaya.
When I think about from that day to this, I have understood why I do not smoke. I even hardly hold the cigarette. That does not make me so much suffering, but it needs hard effort on my fingers, using up my all energy I have, and makes my life miserable.
Now the ferryboat is coming closer to the shore, and the wind escapes to another place. I have already thrown the cigarette into the sea. Also the man on my right has already gone. Now I ensconce myself in top model Jaguar that I took away from my sisters garage for the first time. Maybe it sounds strange: I drive a car for the first time in my life tonight. I have no driving license, with no any driving experience, except the last five hours. I read driving manual five hours ago, put on seat belts, had four tours around our home and directly drove to Bostanci, in the Asian side of Istanbul. I rubbed the left mirror against other cars on the narrow streets, maybe run over a mouse, drove in heavy bridge traffic, imitating other drivers, I flashed the headlights for cars in front of me, again and again sounded the horn, and sworn, violated the emergency lane, gave way to ambulances, drove to wrong way and came to Harem. Well, also there is a ding on the front bumper of the car, I just saw it.
The cars on ferryboat are starting the engines, so do I. It says that the human pelvis is thinner and larger than other animals. I felt it first time on this driver seat. The seats S shape is very comfortable for my backbone. My hands are evolutionarily are idle, I mean they may grasp, turn or smooth anything at any time. Even the years passed and I still barely hold a pencil, my hands grasp the wheel tightly now. Shifts are automatic, displays and navigator all seems normal, I guess. I set GPS for the place I will arrive, and thank GPS for helping me to get the European side of Istanbul by ferryboat from the last exit of the bridge, leading to Harem.
Ferry ramps came down. I took a turn toward Eyup, the Golden Horn. The wheel is slipping between my thumb and forefinger, I am stepping on the gas pedal.
Many things tonight are the first for me. And also I organized some first and last thing for myself at the end of this night. I step on the gas again. I came from China today. I closed the office, gave my monkey to a friend, who always wanted to look after him. The monkey is still as small as a baby. Also he has not held a pencil yet. I think he would never do that. Someone said that monkeys could get their thumbs and forefingers closer in a shape of the circle.
Kardash This monkeys name is, Kardash It means bro in Turkish. My mother gave him this name. She had come to China just to see the office that my father opened for me, and just to take hundreds of photos by her giant smart phone she hardly keeps in her hands, to show our relatives the photos and to be proud of me. Her deary fingerless, who has been mocked for years, at last made her mother happy.
Yes fingerless This is my black mark, my life mark. In some very old Turkish language: Fingerless was my Tamga. Old Turkish tribes had signed Tamgas on their animals and cereals to remark their own people and belongings. Wherever they went on the earth, they knew each other with these signatures. Just like me, someone badly signed me before I was born. Why the same person takes the same nickname in such different places? They called fingerless at school, then in my hometown, in family, in my business life. Even in China they started calling my name as W zh. I guess it has the same meaning.
Anyway, as soon as I came from China, I went to my family home. Nobody was there. I took away Gizems car that I never had eye on it. Who knows where is Gizem now? With which dark skinned man and which fantasies may she live in Frankfurt? She has tended to dark skinned people since her childhood. Her all baby dolls were dark color. Something never changes in this world.
Now I am picking songs from my dear sisters mp3 collection. All of them are nostalgic Turkish songs. I cannot find any song that goes with the meaning and importance of this night. Only one is left, I let it plays. There the life is by Ilhan Irem.
I am listening to it in maximum sound. This is not the 90s version of this song, there are 70s effects in it. With no cheap and no 90s primitive electronic themes. More classic, more richer voice 70s means nostalgia for Gizem. Eighties and nineties are as awful as not worth to remember. It is not that unfair. I remember nothing from those years, but only swearing, beating, low mentality and cheap dye. And the chewing gum
As for me you are a dead sun now
As for me you are an echoless voice now
As for me you are a winded breath now
As for me you are just like everyone else now

I am speeding up and never stop stepping on the pedal. When it comes to Ilhan Irem, he appears on my mind as long haired, mustached with wearing glasses and waving like trees. I step on the gas: Speed indicator shows 120 km/h. I put off seat belt and turn the volume up, and the warning voice is not heard anymore. There is a sixty-eight percentage of Apsinthion on the passenger seat next to me that I sipped. I just drink it dry and with no sugar.
The street next to the Golden Horns shore is very enlarged. It was single lane road with heavy traffic before. It has been too long. Istanbuls slum hills gave their place to mosques and weird apartment blocks. Cemeteries are the only green areas on the hills. I still speeding up: Now it is 180 km/h. There were abandoned factories nearby the Golden Horns shore once time, now they are all turned to wedding ceremony halls. I pass through Balat at speed 220 km/h.
I am replaying the song. There are policemen around, but for some reason they ignore me. I do not stop at red lights, push away slow drivers from the road, turning on the high beams. They escape from me, be afraid of Jaguar and even cannot swear. I do not use air horn anymore. My head is dizzy. I am cornering faster, speed indicator is about 300 km/h. All those computer games I have played for years work out finally. I guess a cat is smashed. This is another first time for me.
Both Jaguar and I are as if being pulled along by thick ropes, we are like stretched beads on the middle of rope and just waiting. I fell that my body would fall into pieces suddenly. I feel like if I took my foot off the gas at once, I would roll away with Jaguar, and visit the first floor of these apartment blocks.
I dont look at the speed indicator anymore, I just watch the asphalt. The road seems like splitting in half from the distant, and has some smokes between them. These lanes are not in contact with each other. It just likes playing Mario and jumping on spaces in the game. There is only fog. What in a road is only fog. But I cross over it.
But there is no way between those parts of the asphalt, between two lanes, no bridges. So how can I pass by? If there is no connection between, how others could go over? Because I believe and pass, so do they. If there is no faith, also no way! Need more alcohol!
Street lamps are few here, now I am passing through Eyup. I set a route on GPS, whatever may go, it will arrive me to the place I want to be. Even if I had an accident or got broken arm, GPS will get me there. If I dont hear wrong, some voices come from the front bumper. GPS tells me Slow down and turn right!
I turned right without getting slower. Sound of tires is being heard. Some more Apsinthion. And there is an imaginary Kalamos on my hand. Origin word of pencil is Kalamos in Greek. It also means reed.
I could not hold a pencil, but could write whatever I wished with a reed. My uncle found out it. When he came back from school one day, he saw me writing my name on a trunk with a nail. So he bought me a reed adorned with beautiful motifs. I had started to write with the reed like ancient people. Then he brought me a feather pencil in order the development process of writing in history. But this was the same as other pencils, didnt work.
Now I get slower with a Kalamos in my hand, and draw the foggy spaces where the asphalt is split and the foggy is aroused, with the reed. It says a pencil can draw a line in 56 km length. But there isnt that much long way for me. With the reed dipping into absinthe, I draw the pathways of Mario leading him to his princess. And I am drinking. I did not have to write with reed all my life. I must have found something else. Now my eyes are crossing over.
I slowed down, this is the suburb where I was grown. Houses are remained unchanged, some of them are single-storey and some of them are overlapped, two-storey. Our house is still the highest one, four-storey. Even the exterior walls of houses are still in same color, havent been dyed for years. Number of cars is the only thing that changed. And also some windows are changed, others are all the same, wooden or aluminum. I hardly parked the car in front of the house.
I saw two heads behind a curtain. The rosy curtains in a single floor house with garden Halime The name of a widow woman had been living there. I cannot remember the face of this woman, but her name is still on my mind. Maybe she rented her house or maybe dead. We always ran to her garden after playing football, to drink tap water like crazy. Also we learned breaking the fast in hot days at this garden.
The goalpost was the door of this three-floor house in cross direction of our house, and we had always played a football game we call nine-month. This was a game decorated with patriarchal culture of suburbs. If the goalkeeper gave away a goal, he would get pregnant. So little boys shot the ball in their all force to get the goalkeeper pregnant. All day the sound of the iron door was heard. I dont remember the name of the woman who was living above this door, who had been never complaining about me in order not to make my mother ashamed. But one day, she couldnt stand the noise of the door, got mad and thrown us her flower pots. Was there any injured? She was so into her flowers, I remember.
Entire map of this six street suburb is still in my mind. Name of the streets remained the same. Apartment blocks are placed on all hills surrounding. Having no reconstruction permit is the reason of why these houses have no restoration. This permission is what my father has been waiting for years, and why he constantly talks with contractors. He has a lot of money, but he is still up to build eight or ten floor apartments and shops. So he left the house. So that he emptied all the building. Nobody lives here now. Not even the only one reflection of lamplight reaching space from the house.
My father spared no expense and locked all doors and windows not to let anyone get inside. He also got very big iron bars for the first floor. I am opening the door with a key sticking my sweating hand, and after sixteen years I enter my childhood home for the first time.
It smells the same So it has always been. All day Ive dreamed of going through this door. There is no creeper inside, but I can still smell it. And also smell of something inside furry water. There had been always tenants on the first floor. I dont remember if I got inside of this flat. When they left the door open, it had been always smelled awful like overcooked potato. There were many different tenants every year, but the smell never changed. As if it is the fate of this flat, and it stereotyped whoever moved there.
There are still my writings on the wall. For sure, not with a pencil, with a nail, screwdriver or screw, I wrote my name and something. I wrote I am the greatest somewhere on the wall. The fingerless with supreme ego!
The stairs are made of stone, with no any crack on it. The carpets that covered stairs are cut in exact size suitable for its width and glued. It looks like even genies never came here for years.
Second floor was our nest. Now I can hear my heartbeats and feel like these stairs are taking breath, not me. Maybe is it because of the alcohol I drank?
I have no special memory for me on this floor, worth to remember. Why do I get excited that much now? The door is locked. Father locked all of them one by one from inside and outside. There is no key also. Anyway, forget it. There is nothing here, but only the smell of my boxer after my first masturbation.
There are nail marks on the walls that I had drawn for measuring my height and signed my tall friends more shorter on purpose. Everything I have is nailed. Then And also there are the marks of sharp objects of which my mother threw me, because of getting angry with no reason. The marks of irons edges, of lipstick, of chipping knife, of voltage tester. But not remained any marks from her spit. She didnt want to hurt me, did she? But she could eat her own child alive while she was washing all these stairs. So she got angry that much
Of course, also there are writings of the neighborhoods children on these walls. The people at our home and these stairs were innumerable. While walking down the stairs, I might have come by a woman carrying the tray of wheat pudding with dried nuts and fruits in cup, or heard some gossips of two young women. Also children stopped by our home, they wrote on the walls something like fingerless, where is your pencil, sick head to make me angry. One of them is still on the wall, Fingerless Tunch is written with a date below it. June 30, 1995.
Yes, my name is Tunch It means the bronze in Turkish. But Id rather want to be Plastic than Tunch. Because I admire plastic very highly. I feel it in forms of plastic like technological devices, phones, computers, tablets. What I work for in China is about this. Working on all these fun objects that created shaping plastics and also costing very little to produce. Flying propeller lighting toys, flash light horns headband, glaring watches, strange objects sticking around the car, wall sticking jelly men, all these noisy Chinese toys both poor and rich children have Some people import all of these every year and destroy the spirit of streets. One of these annoying importers is my father. So, he grew his business in markets of Tahtakale in Istanbul, as great as able to have an office in China for me.
From a grocery market in a suburb to China I have no considerable contribution for this success, only under favor of my fathers business mind. I dont want to be meant accusing all of them, but the grocery men I know were thinking of any kind of disgrace. The father was the best fiddler among them. He wrote his name on the history of this old suburb with lead letters, about stealing money from poor people and tricking at right time in right place.
Now I am at the third floor. My grandparents had been living here. I havent ever met with both of them. They had gone before I was born. Since a rumor had been spread about their souls living in this flat, none of the children dared to come this flat. So my mother stayed once here for a night to show all that was a big lie. I remember very well, we didnt sleep all night and waited for a possible demonic voice that would come from upstairs. My mother came back down in the morning as if nothing happened. So we took courage and entered this flat for first time. Old but steady goods were inside and hanging pictures of the grandparents come to my mind about the flat. And also very big carpets with confusing patterns on it Then, we all children went to this flat several times, leaned out of the windows, played popular money games of that time like the millionaire, the billionaire in the big hall.
But one day, very strange something happened. We six or seven children were playing football in the big hall in the flat. One of the little children entered the other rooms, looked around for something in wardrobe and drawers. Then he ran to the hall cryingly. He was holding a long hairtail with black and red bands on it Jumping over each other, we run out of the flat and apartment, with great difficulty, we cried and screamed. I have never been afraid that much in my life. Even my mother was frightened. Whose hair was it? Did the poor people of the neighborhood put a spell on us? Did the genies come?
Both old and young people in the street were talking about kinds of fables. During a month there was no talking point, but only about our home in our neighborhood. Then, my mother spent a lot of money for a spiritualist man, coming from across district. He was out for finding genies with odd techniques and everlasting prayers over the flat. After tied up himself with thick rope, he tied the rope up to windows and doors. I dont know the rest of the story because the elders took us out of the building. What my mother told about this man that after performed more strange techniques, he removed all photos on the wall and behind all of them some ashes was seen.
What goings on spread over the all parts of the suburb. Gizem and I stayed at one neighbors house at the back street for a week. My mother and others had never left the home and followed through instructions of the hodja. First, they threw away all belongings in house, then some prayers were written on the walls in Arabic, and then they painted the walls multi-layered. Its door was closed and stamped with another special prayer. Nobody could go inside for ninety nine days.
Now I am looking at the stamp of the door already unsealed. But I think after all these things happened, no one including my mother could dare to enter this flat. Also I am not willing to go inside now.
I am going up for the last floor now. This was the attic my uncle stayed. Two little rooms and a balcony almost big as terrace were there. After my uncle got into university, my mother built here for him. He lived here to his death, the late.
My uncle didnt like to be called as uncle. One day he told me about something weird. I was not able to understand in those years what he said. It was something like that:
Listen Tunch. Do you know the meaning of word uncle? When you were born, I was a child. I had no idea about becoming an uncle. Then I grew up and saw the people who was proud of being an uncle, so was I. But I read in books, being an uncle is not so good.
In the past, long ago, women and men were equal on earth. Maybe fifty thousand years ago from now Men did not beat up women and did not give orders. The descent was matrilineal not patrilineal. Goods belonged to mother, not to father. The only function of men was protecting the tribe that was ruled by women, and bringing something to eat from far away. Woman was masterminding inside the tribe.
Until the uncles dominated this tribe system. Uncles, brothers of these women, at the beginning when the men and women were equal, they were just mediators. Supposing that a woman will marry with a man from another tribe. Who organized all these works were these uncles, mediators. They were exchanging their presents and dowries. They had the uncles, who were from the maternal line, made these nonsense works.
What happened later? The uncles organizing all the wedding affairs took advantage of it. More and more stronger they became. Then they reordered the world. Men started ruling women. That is the reason of all the problems we encounter now, Tunch. It is all the mistake that uncles made! I would be glad if you could not call me as an uncle.
More or less, it was something like that he told me. I dont remember if I called him again uncle. Now I am not going to say it. His name was Demir. He was Demir (iron), I am Tunch (bronze) As I said Id rather be Plastic. Anyway. This flat is also locked. Demir had never locked the door when he was living here. I am sorry I have to break the door, I cant unlock it. I need to be inside tonight.
I hit the door with my shoulder, maybe by help of the alcohol, the locking is falling into pieces with one hit. Before I got inside, I hoped to smell Demirs scent. But the flat only smells lime. Here is painted, then one of the room is filled up with old goods. But Demirs bed is still there in another room.
I am turning the light on. Musician and revolutionist posters were on the wall, but they had taken all of them. There were hundreds of books all around the room, but they had already cleared the books and the room away. Clean sheets on the bed. There was no any curtain, but dark colored curtains are hung now.
I open the door of the terrace to let some air into room. A fresh breeze filling the room, pressing on my eyes. I feel coming to myself and quite happy. I walk slowly in this small room turning the lights off. I wide open my arms, turning my around, hope to touch the invisible fingers of Demir. I am relieved. I feel my feet walking in the air.
Now remember what I have to do, and open my eyes as big as I can. There was a picture. I should find it now! The room I try to get inside is full of old goods. Hope to find this picture, but the room is jammed. Even there is hard to take a step.
I am in the room of Demir again, turning the light on, there is a four-drawer bedstand at a corner, opening the top drawer, and the picture is in with its frame. This is the picture of a woman, very young and very beautiful, though her hairstyle and dress style of nineties, beautiful She was Demirs girlfriend. I bend the pins keeping the picture in the frame, and pull out them. Demir had written it behind the picture: Who can understand you?
The handwriting of Demir it is. He had showed me this picture before he dead, and I listened to his words in tears:
This woman is my everything. Only inheritance I have is this picture. I am going to die soon, Tunch. Do you know what death is? It is accepting the truth that youre already death It is a confirmation of your death. The only problem is to make you say Yes. I cant tell the reason why I am going to die. If I try to explain, you will not understand me, if I tell you, you cannot hear me. What I want to say that to understand why I am going to be a dead, you need to experience all what happened to me. I hope you will not need to do, or if you will have to go through this way in any case, may the way be the same. I will have a beautiful death. I want you to protect this picture for me.
Then In a heavy raining evening, Demir killed himself. When I came back from school, everyone in neighborhood was at the home. Demir had been taken to the hospital. I have never seen my mother this upset. Oh! He jumped off this terrace.
I am there now, on the terrace. In 70s, my parents had bred birds at this corner, that was what they always talked about. They also had chickens and roosters. One day the rooster had flown towards the street and none of them had been dead. They had run away gardens of other houses. Then what happened on the street was only fighting. The family memories of winning victories over Bully Kurdish Muharrem and his troublesome family. Public beatings got by the sons of Albanian Mahmut.
This terrace is only seven or eight steps wide. What I am holding in my hand is a ring thats nailed to a wall, and seems quite strong. Demir ran a rope through this ring, whipping the rope around his neck, so he jumped off.
And soon Im going to do the same thing.
I brought my rope myself. This may sound silly to someone, but I tried to compose a ritual. I wore my rope, that is almost seven meter length, from my armpits to the belt of my pants and to toe And all day I carried this rope on me like my cerement. Now Im unbinding it from my waist. It is going to take some time.
I am twenty eight years old, at the age that Demir killed himself. As I said before, I experience many things today for the first time. I am making the plan of the suicide real. I havent remembered of all those ever come to my mind before for years. Demir, his death and this cursed house I just remember all of them for first time after years. Yes, it was really a sudden decision. Just as whats happening in ninety percent of suicides.
It is getting for eleven p.m.. Statistically it is the most convenient time for suicide. The lights at the houses are going to be turned off soon. TV series and football matches are about to finish. I guess workers or garbage men will be the first people who will see me early in the morning. I will be hanging down the second floor. It will not take so long for them to take me off, the doors are open. I dont expect them having difficulty about it. Good luck, what else I am supposed to say Also I am the children of this street. So they should take some trouble for me.
I have all rope in my hands, checking it. I have average height and weight. This rope will be enough for me. I tie up rope with the ring and check it again if it is still strong. It is quite good. Hundreds of them who are willing to kill themselves can use the same rope.
I didnt read about what will happened to me then, not be afraid of giving up, I just want to live it experimentally. I suppose that rope will stretch a few times and I will sway down several times when I let myself down from the front of the terrace. I will not get what would happen for first two seconds by force of the panic and shock that I will have after falling down to space, and of oxygen loss that tightening rope will cause. During that time my neck will break and I will feel no pain again in this world once again.
I have no idea about the exact time when I will be dead. The only thing that matters me: Passing the transition moment from alive to death as possible as quick. The rest is only about my cells. From this moment, I dont suppose to be informed about this process. I hope
Also I thought of my possible regretting shortly after I fell. If I will have open consciousness that may regret, I got ready for answering myself: Dont be afraid, very very very close to there, Im almost done, its over. Just wait and see what will happen Ive repeated these words all day.
I am wrapping the rope and tightening up. For this process, I should take two steps and then walk to the ledge of terrace. I made these two steps which are very famous in my little world and I imagined all day.
Demir didnt left any suicide note, he only told me that he is going to die. And I told my case no one. There is someone holy in my mind, destroying all orders of my mind. Allah or God. I am not an atheist, but also Im not a regular prayer of him at all. I cant ask anyone for something, neither my mother, nor Gizem nor holy creatures. I am deeply ashamed if I ask someone for even a glass of water. Cant think myself asking God for very special things in my life Killing someone is easier than asking someone for something.
If come to after death Yes, something may happen there, someone may question me because of this decision. But I dont think the angels or who will gather around me will be that much merciless or insensitive as the theologists talk about. No doubt, they will ask the reason of it. And I will have my special answers.
After death, they may ask: What was not enough for you? Didnt we give everything you asked?
I had everything. I took all kind of pleasure that a human can enjoy in this life. Twenty eight years, said easier than done Some people consider ninety years insufficient. But I am filled with life to the bone. Even this dirty suburb made me happy once time. Then we found some money and I did whatever I want. I slept with every woman I wanted, tried all kinds of lawful and unlawful things and drank. I shared everything I had, helped the poor, cheated on people, and tried parasailing. I mean, I had many best friends, met with very cool people and got on with the people who were safer than me. I am still good with people. I have never been a rebellious person. In short, I enjoyed this life. But even if I didnt enjoy, I would make the same decision.
So I am able to get involved in the statistics of suicide. According to a research in Turkey, 48 percentages of suicides are quite, calm and well adjusted, 61 percentages of them had good friendships.
After death, they may ask: Were you very curious about Allah and us?
So many books are written about the after death And articles satisfying this curiosity Which river will flow from which side, where kinds of architectures will be in Heaven, how houses will be furnished, then at which corner of Hell will be waiting for me Even believing or not in all those stories, it cant help thinking about it. Besides all, also I wonder many things about after death. For example, the communication.
They determined the problem of the communication in 79 percentages of suicides. I guess I am also suitable for this statistic. The real problem I have is the communication. If they will ask me looking for a real communication after death, I will say yes. I am so loser that I need to be understood without words.
The suicides had thought they were not understood by their families, and they told them it for many times. But I am not in the same situation. My family and friends get me more or less, and also I can understand what they mean as a bit, I guess. Usually, I dont tell what in fact I want to say in order not to hurt anyone. But I make them felt about that.
By the way, being understood by the people around me or understanding them is not the main problem for me. The real problem is that I cant understand myself, cant communicate with myself. And maybe its a bit weird: I have realized this truth after years. I cannot understand my own actions, my parts, what I told, what I did, how I choose the words talking to people.
This problem may seem just simple and as caprice of a member of the bourgeois class. This is the problem: I have no chance to tell the problem to someone in depth. The communication is only exchanging words for me, but nothing. What astonishing me is that I can understand the impossibility of overcoming it. I have hope for everything in my life, but not for this problem. So what the conclusion I have of this life: The communication is unreal and impossible to be made.
In this sense, another issue is that solving a problem. The high percentages of suicides were some people who cannot solve problems that are faced. I have something to tell about this: On earth, there is no problem can be solved! While trying to challenge with one of them, another problem gets bigger and stronger.
So these two truths brought me here that I realized after years: 1- There is no communication. 2- No problem can be solved.
It is all I have never been thought before. Just as what Demir told me years ago. If I try to explain, it cant be understood, if I tell, it cant be heard. Only one can understand who has the same experience what I have.
Maybe these problems are solved in after death. Maybe it is the most sensible thing that I am doing now.
Now it is time to start Im on the edge of the terrace, set my two feet on the ground. The wind is blowing on my face, as if it tries to discourage me, pushes me back. I open my arms like a dragon. I look at the clouds for a moment with my bloodshot eyes, and at the streets.
There are two single-storey houses back to back in front of me. I always saw the entries and exits of these four streets with this aperture. We almost fifty children were playing hide and seek, and I always escaped here at every turn, saw the seeker on the entry of the street. I could not return to base from here for tagging him, but at least I was not tagged. In fear of the seeker would see me, I always became excited so much. I jumped where I was on, in not to pee my pants. We usually pissed on everywhere when we were children. At basements floors, lavabos, backs of cars, tires of tractor and even on electric transformers
Now I look back The years passed, but all entries of streets we pissed on and all iron street lamps we listened electric noises putting our heads between them remained the same, they are still standing there.
I am watching the space where I am going to fall shortly after. Four floors are not that much high. I suppose Now everything, that is told me about suicide, just starts to happen to me. As if the distance between ground and me is getting deeper, the street entries are getting narrower, the space became wider, my sight is playing me role like a fish eye. Now my breath is very loud now. I have never heard my heart that much clear.
The place I am going to fall seems like a mouth now, sure it is not an optical illusion. As if this big mouth is howling in my ears: Is the life that much shitty?
No! Life is a great event Okay, it consists full of crappy things for some people, despite all those, life is marvelous. I dont think that after death is better than this life. Maybe it is more sensible from my point of view. But cant be better or more beautiful. Whether there is an afterdeath or not, the most sensible action is suicide for ones, who look for consciousness and logic under all conditions. But for ones, who seek aesthetics, excitement and discovery, living is the only way. It is the only sparking in this giant solar system! What the hell is that logic?
The distance between the street and me turned into a cliff now, just realized. The mouth on the street thinks that I am going to give up, and its edges are more stretching. But the mouth has no idea that all of this only matters me. This is about a case of an everlasting great struggle between parts of my body, constant disorders of my identity and me.
The giant mouth on the street tells me: Why did you come here? Why didnt you die in China?
I dont know the answer. Maybe it is genetic. First time after years, I am drifting toward Demir, talking and walking like him. Maybe I have no history like he had, but these walls, the architecture of this building, this tightened iron ring, and circulations of micro DNAs in my body, all of them similarize me with Demir. It is something like a ritual Linked each other successively, well studied in every stage, well taken by someone Then this picture, the picture of his darling... I promised Demir to protect this picture, but I did not. If I didnt see the picture in drawer, if it was lost because of me, who knows, maybe this chain of suicides would be broken. And I would give up doing all those things.
The mouth on the street is talking insistently, but I dont hear it anymore. I feel my heart is about to fall apart. I become more unable to breath. I take the rope from my feet and carefully straighten not to let it causes something wrong when I am on the air.
The mouth on the street stops talking now. Maybe waiting for my last words. I dont know what to say Maybe Demir is waiting for me down there I have blocked nose. Now I am jumping off.

* * *
Hahahahahaha! Look at that stuff!

It is voice of The voice should never be forgotten and so much dangerous that can be heard in anytime at anywhere It is the voice of Metin Karambol. And what he calls stuff is my ass!
When I heard this voice, I fell on the same ground that I jumped. Because this earsplitting laugh reminded me all embarrassing moments of my childhood, and stopped me with its tone.
I carried the rope wearing on me, used it instead of my belt. So when I take off the rope At the moment I was jumping, my pants dropped and my popped ass made Metin Karambol very grinning.
Hey man, are you crazy? Come down! Hey! Fingerless! Do you remember me? Im Metin. Also known as Karambol (Carom)! Put your pants on, you will have gas ache in your intestines! Oh God!
After Demir, another important figure of my childhood was Metin the Carom. There is nothing left to say and to do. I have completely forgotten him. This is his neighborhood and it is not possible to even attempt to suicide in this place without thinking of him. How stupid I am, coming here!
You got rich, so you ignore your childhood friend now! Ass tree! Man, how many times I saved your life! You owe to me at least ten lives! I know you very well, you cant fool me with such tricks. Let me come there and show you how to jump!
Only I can speak the word Karambol The face features of this man in my age are terribly and unnecessarily very apparent. His cheekbone, nose, eyebrow arch, jaw His face was the same in his childhood. The veins of his throat are as horrible as ever!
Whats going on Metin? Is there a problem? Asking a woman, who stays on the first floor thats three houses further from here, she cannot see my ass. The name of this woman was Zehra. As far as I know this family was the only Alawite which didnt hide it. While we children were playing football, we were all Sunni and unquestioningly Turkish. Despite this, all of us were always enemy of one among us. Of course this enemy always changed every week.
Hey Mrs! Go inside. Come on, don't upset your pretty head. Karambol is going to sort out it, says Metin. He unbuttons his up buttons of shirt, moves his pants belt. The lights of two houses, which are watching me from twenty-thirty meters far away, turn off and the people inside go out the balcony.
You see! Fuck it! You set them in a chaos! Come down! Come or I am coming there, says Metin, raising his voice.
I am embarrassing and cant answer him. Just like when I was little, whatever he told, how much he bullshitted, it was impossible for me to answer him. The only reaction I did was not giving him a free chocolate at the grocery once again. Now he is walking from across to in front of me as if he is a spokesman of this street.
The giant mount, that once spread around the street, has been lost finally, the distance between the street and me became closer, just as one step away, as far as seeing the horrible face of Metin. Maybe he has been watching me secretly for hours, then could not stand watching my ass, so he came up. Everything can be expected from him!
Is he the electrician? An old man asks. Last month they didnt come, so they are going to give two bills! Inglorious bastards!
This old man trilly asks for the electricians who read electrical counters. He also didnt look like young when we were child. He was just at the next apartment, the first floor same as now he is. A man, who I dont know and is living above him says, Whats that bill uncle Selim? Its middle of the night. You are fucked up with the bills!
What you expect me to do? Or I have to pay the returns.
Bills? At this hour? Where have they been in daytime? A middle aged woman is coming in the conversation.
Son of the grocery man is going to kill himself! Just as his uncle did! This shouting voice is also very familiar. The packman who sells pancake with spicy meat filling. In my childhood, even in my fathers youth, the same man always sold his pancakes in this vicinity, carrying his wooden container on his shoulder and always wearing the same white hat.
Help this wretch! Another light is turned on. I cant recognize the voices anymore.
What a crappy country is here! Very young children are being driven to suicides! Go vote the same party, go! Shitheads!
Youth lose their religion! You charge the government with even for this! God bless your mind!
Hey fingerless. Are you really going to jump off? Dont do it, man! Listen me, I will come with beers. Lets talk. Try then. Let me inside. Wait for me. I will take the beers.
He is going for buying the beers, Karambol, the Carom. The door is already open, but he is not aware of it, turning the door handle is enough to open it. I should lock the door at once. I dont want to meet with this guy. Jumping off? Pissed on my night! Noises in the street sucked my motivation of death. And also I am embarrassing to death now. I am coming back to the terrace, take out the rope from my neck and run inside. Run for locking the door on the first floor.
The voices are coming, of course.
Infidel! God damn you infidel! The sons of this infidel woman opened my windows.
Hey aunt! How can they open your windows from outside?
They open my windows every night, sons of this infidel at upstairs.
It is enough! Take away this crazy woman! It is time to collect our signatures for kicking her out of this building! She swears me every day! Even my children are not at home. She says the windows are opened! I will report her! says the woman upstairs.
She is just a mad woman. She images. Opening windows at the same time every night! Ignore her, my sister!
She is not just a mad! Also a devil! She calls me infidel, but I am not. I've had enough of her!
I locked the doors and came back to the room of Demir. I turned off all lights and lay on the bed. The voices are getting more crowded. I dont know where to put myself, cant get closer to the window. I closed the curtains crawling.
Just because of his crazy mother. She messed up these children, just because of that money grubber man!
Someone talks about my parents. They try to whisper to each other, but I can hear all they say.
His mother does everything for money. The poor boy killed himself here. What was his name? The son of Ramize
Ramize, the name of my grandmother who I know her from old and terrible photos.
What then?
This boy had much money. They made him crazy because of this money, so he killed himself. Then they became rich. How that happened suddenly? Because of this woman!
The woman who she talks about is my mother. Under these slanders, I think of shouting them, but I dont feel like doing it now. I was the same in my childhood. When they swore my mother, I gave reaction just for show.
You know what? Maybe your daughter wants to marry with this boy. Why dont you ask her? His mother is crazy, but the boy is very good. It is clear that he has a problem. Or why he wants to commit suicide?
Nonsense! What do they think they are talking about? They will marry me with a girl. I am not a good person.
Shh! What are you telling of? Someone will hear us.
She is going to stay at home and get older because of you!
Their voices disappear laughingly. So, they must wait for the tomorrow to talk about this in details.
As for Demir and his money What they talk about is not so fake. Last year, my sister told me it. After Demir died, his body was brought to this home. They took off his clothes. My mother had found a lotto coupon in his trouser pocket. Demir won high amount of money. All these were secret for years. Because my father forced my mother to do this. Now I remember my mother was so angry and always spitting in my face in that period, so reason was the money. My mother fought with my father about this, but he finally convinced her and took the money. I dont know what he made with this money, but he doubled amount of it. It was the chance he had been waiting since his childhood, and he had it by the death of Demir.
Why did Demir want to kill himself in the week he won lottery? I know the money was not important for him. But what I really wonder: Why did he play lotto in this week? Did he have a hope for living? What did he want to do? I never saw him playing lotto or the horse racing at all.
A stone came and hit the ground on terrace. And one more The window is broken.
Fingerless! Hey man, open the door! Lets drink after years. Come on, open it.
The deafening voice of Metin the Carom. I am not going to open it. I have nothing for him to say. One more stone he threw. What if I tell him to go behind the door? I dont think so he will go.
Have your way dude! Sure you are a rich man, I cant cope with you. Also youre used to drink whisky, not a cheap beer of a poor.
What a stupid word! He drank more alcohol than me in this life. I am sure he knows the names of drink more than me. It is impossible to be an alcoholic or having such addictions if have a mother like mine.
Hey man! We are going to work in the morning. Just for the fun of this rich faggot, we woke up! Let him die asshole!
I dont remember this voice. He is absolutely not Metin. Maybe his new rival in the vicinity.
Go in! Fuck your work! He is going to fall from there and you still worry about your work. Get lost! Fuck your mouth!
Whatre you talking about Metin? Come to yourself. Dont make me come there and cut your throat!
Kemal! Look here! I already hate you. Go back inside or I will kill you in front of your wife and sisters. I said get lost!
Hey guys! What a shame! We have here children and wives listening to you!
I will see you Kemal. You havent still paid the bill of last week, says Metin, going away or someone is taking him away.
Whats that bill? Tell me, dont run away!
You know it very well. Thank to this boy is so sensitive. I will finish you off. Pussy mouth! I will tie your hands and drag on these streets. Son of a bitch!
Metin! Fuck off. Take him or I am going to kill him!
They are sending away him, with sounds of beer bottles. Bad tones of Metin the Carom are turning down.
Whisperings on the street, I dont hear them anymore. My ears and tongue already are in sleep mode. Only a very dark sleep can recover this disgusting night and my big embarrassment that pulls my foot.

Second day

The one, who has learned how to die, cannot be a servant.

Seneca				

I woke up with a honk of the bottled-water seller, who is riding a big three-wheeled bicycle. It is midday. I dont feel that much bad. Some numbness in my hand.
The whitewashed wall in front of me makes me sick. The moving objects on my eye that I havent managed to escaped from them, now they become more apparent. Wherever I turn my eyes, these objects come with me and then fall down. These crystal bubbles look like chains of bacteria. Recently Ive learned this is an eye disease. I always believed that they were created just for me, specially. Even I was stupid as believing they are atoms.
I always insisted on believing them as atoms, even Demir tried to tell me Atoms cant be seen on microscopy too. I used to build Tetris pieces with these atoms. That life-saving rod piece which hardly appears in the play, I used to build it with the long chains on my eye. Now that amazing melody of Tetris is on my mind. It is being repeated again and again accompanied by balalaika.
I used to play Tetris for hours in this room. Demir regarded the Tetris as the final move of Soviets against U.S.A.. But I didnt care what he told. I had given the first alarms of my asociality with this game in my hands, just like everyone else. I guess it is the first time that I felt admired for plastic. The curls of Tetris were very pleaser for me, after wooden boxed televisions and their unpleasant remote controllers.
I wish I could turn into a plastic Tetris on this terrace yesterday and fall into pieces on the street. Okay, now it is time to be rational and to get out of this situation. The same ideas of death are still in my mind. So, I should go out of this house as soon as possible.
At this time of the day, the street is very alive. The children run, someone still blows up torpedoes, old women swear at noisemakers, neighbors make their children leave. And sellers Cheap ice-cream, cheap Thracian melons, cheap slippers, cheap water. The people who work for a pittance, the errand boys who get beaten up for a cheap price, the bags of cheap coal on the doorsteps. The cheap woods, someone is repairing roof with them.
As soon as I set foot outside, those terrible eyes and whispering is going to stab into my eyes like arrows. I am standing up because I am very hungry. There are no even food crumbs around. The sun lighting inside. Even this black curtain cant cut out it. How had Demir lived here without curtains? Maybe the sun Maybe this damned sun pulled him outside. Did he kill himself to get rid of this awful sun? But its nonsense. The sun brings to life, increase population, expanding civilizations sticking people each other like glue. The sunniest countries have the highest rape rates. So I think democratic countries are not so much sunny. I mean sun means slavery. When you see the sun, just run away
On the arris, I half-open curtains and try to look around. Unstable manhole cover is being fixed by a small lorry, and young women wearing head scarves rush for this lorry that is full of fruits. I am turning back and Metin the Carom!
Did I scare you, mate?
I am scared shit! Even it is quite terrifying for me to see him so close after years. And also very suddenly
Dont ask me how I got inside. I always find a way, did you forget it? Is there tea?
There is nothing, I reply, like scolding him involuntarily. He has two white pochettes in his hands. Kurdish pastry and buns with cheese filling packed in papers.
Sorry for this question. I took some fruit juice, but it would be better if we had some tea.
I am so hungry that do not care how the Kurdish pastry be cooked and rolled on dirty surfaces of hairy and sweaty elbows. Before twenty years, we used to eat same thing with this man, with same little fruit juice boxes.
I got them from the same shop. Do you remember the shop of Kurdish man cross the mosque? he asks me, without asking for putting powder sugar on pastry.
Nothing changed in this neighborhood, I tell him, getting a piece of pastry and stepping close to the door of the terrace. To be honest, even I cant catch his eyes.
The only thing has changed We are getting older, man. How many years has it been? How many years havent we met? What kind a friend are you, mate? We are blood brothers. We cut our wrists with piece of cola bottle glass nearby this shitty stream. You must be forgotten it also!
I remember, I say, but the man is right, I dont remember it at all. Maybe he is just dreaming. I never have fancy of being blood brothers.
Why dont you eat? Look at you, you are all skin and bone. Did you fuck up with all money? Try to eat, he says. I am still eating, anyway. How does he know I have that much money?
Why didnt you open the door last night? Are you afraid of me? Do I eat men, why didnt you open it?
I fell into sleep. I wasnt feeling so good, I say, puffing the sugar on the pastry.
You have chance to suicide. But what for me? I have no money in my pockets, spend still my fathers money. You saw this neighborhood. No shit has changed here. People have no money to paint their houses. I even cant buy cigarette. Just smoking this chaff, he takes a little nylon tobacco bag out of his pocket to roll a cigarette. And I try to think where the cigarette box is, that I stole from Gizem. After rolling it, he throws it to the ceiling. Then checks the cigarette if it is okay and lights it with a huge lighter.
Do you smoke? Like to roll for you? He asks and inhales it filling the room with smoke.
Thank you. I dont smoke.
You didnt ever hold the cigarette. Remember? We smoked the first cigarette in this room. We had stolen a Kent from your grocery. Buddy you didnt hold the cigarette in your hand. So it was good for you. I have never stopped smoking since the day I held this shit. Now can you hold a pencil?
I hardly can. If it is necessary. Also same for the cigarette Nothing else I can say, and go out of the room, pretending wash my face.
When I come back, Metin takes the picture on the bedstand, holds by his one hand, and looks cross-eyed at the girlfriend of Demir, closing his eyes, puffing out. I quickly get closer and grab it, at the cost of breaking it. Paying no mind the fluster of Metin, I take the picture out of frame and put it in under my shirt and get it into my trouser.
Hey man! What are you doing? I wont eat it! She was a beautiful woman. Girl of your uncle, isnt she? She worthies to kill yourself, mate! Beautiful.
I am not sure if he killed himself because of this woman, but also I think the same as Metin. She is murderer of Demir.
He was a good man, bro Demir, he draws on once again and sits on the bed. And I open the balcony door. I dont care who is going to see me and needle me about the suicide, go to the terrace, look down the street, trying to turn my eyes away from sun.
Metin steps on the broken glasses with his black shoes, coming behind me, sees the rope I left yesterday there, and puts away it. Your uncle also died in that way, didnt he? He was a good man but he was a bit confused. Whats he was telling us, we were child His brain was washed by the communists at school. But he was a good man. Now no need to talk about behind the late, he says, feeling my anger. And he takes a switchblade out of his pocket, cuts the rope and throws it outside looking into my face.
Is it worth it? Are you going to kill yourself for a girl? I had also fallen in love many times, I know the pain you feel. I also tried the same. Do you know how many time I cut my wrists? I am grateful for living. One goes another comes.
He pockets the switchblade back, puts off the cigarette on the ground.
Its not that easy I say, and not sure he will understand me. I always failed to make him understood. I fell down from bicycle and twisted my leg one day. I wasnt able to walk. But not to have any swelling and bandage on it, I could not make him believe. For that day, we had planned to go Eminonu to buy birdseed. It was very bold and important thing for us, as children, to go far away alone into the crowd. Because the day I could not accompany him, he hadnt talked to me for a year.
Of course its not that easy I know how it is serious, man. So I will take you a place today. Very beautiful and very soulful place
Where? I ask and am afraid of his possible proposal to drink with him, or going to the brothel.
I saw the baby in front of the door. How much does it cost in dollar? We sold our old junky last month. Lets go to the north of Istanbul, Karaburun, Tayakadin. You might have never been there. For Gods sake, I have a right to drive this car.
I say nothing, drift toward Metin without tidying my clothes. When we get out of the house, many children come around us. Some of them laugh madly looking at me, and some stay very serious unblinkingly.
Get the fuck outta here! Piss off! Metin talks, stamps his foot twice, scares them away like pigeons. Bastards, smiles Metin. I ensconce myself in the passenger seat once, catch some eyes one by one that looking at me behind curtains.
Metin looks into damaged front bumper, Woe is me Its a pity and shame, Metin says, whistling longly. We should show this a friend of car mechanic on way back to here. Dont worry, I will deal with it. Fucked up here! He takes off his striped jacket and throws it back, takes driver seat snakingly.
Oh my God This car smells woman.
Not mine, Gizems car.
Gizem She was polite and decent girl. She has never told a lie to me. Has she got married?
Getting married? And is Gizem decent girl? I have never seen that much indecent woman in my life. Everything is unclear in this life until one gets chance to sin. Metin touches his fingers one by one on the wheel and torpedo, then display
This is sharp as a blade, man, very sharp, my fingers are going to bleed, says Metin, opens his mouth widely, starts the engine without asking me and steps on gas.
It is roaring. The son of a devil. What a great voice it is, my God! Shouts screamingly, steps on gas again, then takes his foot off it, finding something in radio for some music.
After come back from the mechanic, lets get the Dubel car washed. He became a car washer. He uses materials of high quality, washes carefully. You remember Dubel, dont you?
Dubel?
Dubel, Dubel. Fat boy wearing glasses? Now he is thin and removed his glasses. He just likes a model! We always made him a goalkeeper on street footballs. Dont you still remember?
I remember now, okay! The reason for calling him Dubel (rawlplug) that he was giving away goals all the time. One of the trend terms of those days was bang like a nail meant making a goal. They were banging Dubel like a nail. In 90s we always banged something into somewhere.
He opened a very nice place. He spent a lot of money, but its worthed. It is like a pharmacy, tidy and clean. He is also talented on washing. In that way, you will have chance to meet with Dubel after years.
I smile and try to remember about Dubel. Metin starts to drive the car after turning the wheel left and right. The way full of holes, car is hopping off.
Fuck that city! With its patched ways. If I had a car like this, I would never drive it on those streets. Just start the car in garage, cry the engine and then stop it kissing the cowl. Its a real pity! I dont have the heart to drive it, come here and drive it boy!
No, no, dont worry. Drive on.
No, man, come and drive. Fuck the road.
Metin, please drive on. I am bad at driving.
Of course, you are rich man, so I dont need to worry about it. How much dollar is its shock absorber? Even you have a lot of money, dont waste this blessing. Look at that elegancy, how it is going on. And look at this asphalt road! Its like sticking a chewing gum on another one, fuck it!
Metin drives on fast, without caring the children popping out from the entries of the streets, turns the main road. In my childhood, here, I had been exposed to smoke of factories and the Golden Horns carrion smells. Around these waterways, there were full of rats, and now really changed. Luxury apartments that are written someones surnames on their roofs, residences, lux cars parked very closely and building material packages flying away on rough asphalt...
Metin steps on gas, This devil is slipping, really it is slipping, oh my, he says, grins looking at the mirrors, swearing the stones flying from trucks hogging the lanes and weaving through traffic angrily.
Here this places Kemerburgaz, Gokturk There were only gardens here. The peasants were selling their products in our neighborhood. Do you remember? Look at these houses. Now all of these places are full of rich people. They live in fucking luxury, but they even cant find fresh tomato to eat and clean milk!
He consoles himself again for his poorness as in the past. Zillionaire Sabanc family had a lot of money, but their children were handicapped. Another zillionaire in Turkey, Koc family, had a lot of factories, but also many problems... The working class should be very grateful for the situation they have and make fun of the irrecoverable problems of rich people. Luxury villas toward Belgrade forest in the north of Istanbul But disturbing and never-ending building trucks pass over the forest road nearby the villas twenty hours day. He steps on gas as he finds a solace in.
But Dubel is still on my mind. The real name of Dubel was Ali. I dont remember good things for him. We were playing football one day at park near the Golden Horn. Maybe we were almost fifty children from the suburb. Then
Where the park was a vacancy remained from abandoned factories after 80s military coup. Drunks, glue-sniffers, punks were around us. All of them were very cruel. Anyway, in 90s, the feeling of having mercy was suspended for quite a while. TV programs presenting close-up corpse images, uncensored broadcasting bodies of killed Kurdish militants, the soldiers who were proud of cutting the ears of militants on the mountain and showing photographs of terrorists cut-ears; the murders by unknown assailants, the normalized rapes, bursting bottled gases, lynching and massacring, putting any kind of brutal fantasies into words without hesitate
Despite of our loneliness, lacking of confidence and knowing the fear like we know our name, we always went to this park just shoot the ball and to sweat. And gangs of punks, who were older than us, always attacked us. Sometimes they attacked one by one take the money when we were alone, and to steal our bicycles. To protect us, we always begged Demir. Sometimes he came for us and accepted the request of all children after going his small room and told him. When he wasnt around, we carried our sticks. We had not that big place to play football except this park. Even we would be beaten, we had to go to play. In our neighborhood, old people throw us marble stones and women pour boiling water from the balcony just because of playing football
When we were playing a football match one day, these punks attacked us once again and chased us away. Demir was not at home that day. Also we had no courage to fight with the wood sticks we bring. We all ran away. When we got at home, Dubel was not with us. We had looked for him and hadnt found. It was rumored that about ten punks attacked Dubel and raped him. Her parents became miserable. Then police came.
I dont know what happened after that, but Im sure Metin the Carom knows it very well. If I try to ask now, what would he say? It is over 200 km/h. GPS signalizes to the north of Istanbul.
Were almost there. Dont you wonder where we are going? Asks Metin.
Of course I do, but also I wonder about something else. I start to remember other weird happenings about the story of Dubel. Was Dubel raped? We had never found the answer of this question. But I have doubts about Metin. Id like to ask him exactly this question:
Do you remember the day Dubel was lost? While we were running away from those punks, you turned me and said: Go home! I have something to do. Then you lost. After a week, you had been taken to the police station, you remember? And it was rumored you were the one of these eleven rapist children.
Could Metin the Carom do such a thing? I dont think so, he still can look at Dubels face and have a friendship with him. I am not sure. And I cant ask. Okay, I am asking:
Do you remember what happened to Dubel, dont you?
Yes, he says, his smiling face suddenly changes its color, Buddy, we all forgot what happened. Forget about it. This has never happened. Only a disgusting rumor. Can a child ever do this to another child?
Why not?
Hey boy, think about something good, something else. Look at this beauty, greenery
Id like to know the truth.
All right, the truth is: It is happened, yes. Dubel had such disgusting experience. I caught seven of these sons of bitches and cut their cocks. Even the years passed, I found them one by one. There are still three more of them. I will find them one day also.
It was more than enough for me to see his voice-emphasis and his eyes that speak stirring moments of cutting them. And I am looking at the greenery around Storks are by the wayside! A million storks! A way as big as a forest passing through the forest and some buildings as big as the forest around What are the storks doing here?
These poor animals have no place where to go. People made the way on their route, destroyed water resources. Where the hell can this animal go? For years, they have been passing by here to Europe. It was their migration route. Now all of animals are confused. They have no idea about the place they can go. They die here with not food and water. You see these trucks? I saw them loaded thousands of dead storks on a truck. Who knows what did they do to storks?
Where are you taking me to?
It is not that far away. Lets park the car somewhere safe. We can only walk into the forest. Deep inside of the forest.
What are we going to do there? I dont need fresh air.
No man, whats the fresh air! Do you think Istanbul has fresh air? I will introduce you someone very important. Red Father. Have you ever heard?
No, whos the father? Look! Dont take me to a spiritualist! Im done with them! Its useless.
Not a spiritualist! Trust Metin the Carom. I dont keep company with losers. The man we will meet is an old dervish. He is so important that politicians, musicians kiss his feet.
How do you know this man?
I am very grateful to Allah, I had met with this holy dervish. There is nothing greater than this blessing for a dead broke man like me. Dont think of it is a religious sect. This man is really an Anatolian dervish.
Maybe it is a tomb in the forest, I think. To the best of my memory, Metin had never ever believed such spiritual things and genies. He was quite materialist person, one-day person, the person of material world and material streets. He fights all day long, attacks with his drawn knife, hurts and gets hurt, kicks out of school, sticks to street moralities that he creates himself. But he is still unpredictable Those kinds of men can be easily a follower for religious sect or Islamic organizations. In fact, I dont care what will happen to me.
But need to say that, says Metin, There is a coffer Red Father always carries with him. A big coffer. For Gods sake, dont look at it. It is decorated with precious stones, carved, very valuable coffer. You mustnt look at it. But its a human being may look unwillingly. So to say it happened, however, never ask him about this coffer. This is crucial, never ask.
An octagonal-constructed tomb that looks like an old Turkish nomad tent, my mind is picturing now. A tomb that has smoked windows, is built between three or four trees in the whistling of forest. I take serious Metins caution and put in my mind. Never ask, never ask about the coffer. Is this man going to discourage me from suicide? I ask.
He will help you for what you want to do in this life. He helps if you wish to die or not.
The car is getting slower. We pass through a village. The serious look on Metins face, that is shaved, shows up its all features once again. He left the car nearby an empty green area. The farms around are seen, buffalos, roosters, gooses. We are walking. After three steps, the trees become more often and forested.
Is here Tayakadin? I ask.
No, it is that way. We are going to go into the forest in this way. The end of the way we can drive on. Before coming into Red Fathers presence, we need to perform ablution. There is a blessed fountain inside.
Cheerful and rebellious Metin the Carom disappeared. Even he changed the way of stomping while he steps and fears of stepping on stones. How can I tell As if there is a very serious business and he pretends an expert of it. Quite important and suitable for procedure
One way, I see something quite far away from here. At the end of this huge way, the forest is dividing into two. Three or four police cars and a water cannon vehicle, I see. About hundreds of cops put up their hands and run towards some trees near the road. They have choppers in their hands. I am standing and watching them. The Carom is three steps away from me. He turns me: Whats up?
Whats happening there?
We cant know what they do, buddy. Come on, Red Father waits for us.
I walk, but cant take my eyes off there. Coppers start to cut down the trees vengefully. The water cannon vehicle extinguishes the burning trees. It looks like that those trees catch fire just by themselves.
Man! You are curious about everything! The police cut down the trees because they are traitors.
Traitor trees? When have trees been traitor? As long as I see the cops cutting with the choppers angrily and eagerly, I come to understand what Metin means. But why the cops work for it? Where are the forest rangers? How can a tree be a traitor?
Hey man. Look at the trees ahead. Do you know why the cops dont cut down these trees and cut the others? Because other trees are traitors. I think you have no idea about what happens in Turkey. It is burning, the country is burning!
As long as policemen chop down the trees, they open a road for the vehicle. This conscienceless machine runs over pigs and squirrels. But the forest on the way we go on really left all alone. We enter into magnificent silence.
These trees are good ones, says Metin, gets closer to an oak tree across him and kisses it, put his forehead on it, like holding hand of someone toward his forehead.
Sessile oak trees, mountain alders, poplar trees and chestnut trees Everywhere is full of chestnuts, as falling down from the sky like snowflakes, and thousands of them lay on the ground. Some of them are peeled and waiting for squirrels. I lean over and take up one of them.
Put it back! Even a stick is fixture here. All of these chestnuts are properties of Red Father. Never do it again. And try to be silent during the walk, dont step on even small branches.
Metin tells all widening his eyebrows, walking ahead like a scout and never changing his professional face. We come to the place where grass is quite watery. My breathable sneakers drawing water and get heavy. We approach a biggish rock. It is written D.C. on it. The water is flowing behind the rock. When Metin touches the water, birds around us fly around.
I am going to perform ablution. Do you see this oak tree? Smaller than other. That one over there, are you unobservant? Fuck it! D.C. is written on it. Go and relieve yourself there. Then come and perform ablution. Never go close to other trees. Dont be a fool, Metin says, rolling up his sleeves.
I pee on the tree he said. There is no ant in its folds. Only I see is big veins looks like Metin has on his neck. Whats that D.C.? A.C-D.C? Is it the direct current in electricity?
After Im done it, I ask Metin for that. He doesnt reply, just whispering and praying, then pulls of his socks. My palms sweated. I open my palms and wipe on the tree slowly, remembering the warning of Metin, without touching branches. I stop doing it because of a leaf rustling and the voice disappears after. I wait for two seconds. A head of a squirrel is seen two meters ahead, senses my movelessness and runs quickly towards chestnuts.
I cant see Metin when I turn towards fountain. I tour around me, this man disappeared. I look for Metin behind the rock near fountain. Metin is not there. I wash my face with icy water.
Now the voice of Metin is heard. How I know what it means! D.C. is written on everywhere. Terrorist wrote the same thing!
I even cant remember the last time I performed ablution, but it is impossible to forget how to do it. In this country, even an atheist knows how to perform. Also I remember its orders and start.
Metin erased the word scrapingly on the tree I pissed on, and now he is working with another D.C. word behind the rock by the knife in his hand. If I find who wrote it I will cut one of the arm and give it to another hand. Ive scraped seventy of them recently. Red Father asked me to do it. I was very exhausted, holy shit!
Not to become canonically unclean, he doesnt complete his words, but he erases the word. And I finished my ablution and think of a pray.
Do you see this giant tree? Metin tries not to point at it.
I see the tree. And whispering something in Arabic, only step on where the Carom passed. There are four or five logs in front of the tree to seat.
This tree is where Red Father lives in. Animals, trees, leaves here all are resigned to him. Why the police dont come here. Here is the place of patriots.
I hear the words from the Carom that I had never heard before in my childhood. This Red Father must have strong words that he made this swearer man unrecognizable. We are walking. There must be a door behind the tree. It is about fifty meters away, we get closer. I keep eye on the ground not to step on mushrooms.
Lucky faggo Oh god! You are lucky man, he tells me, Too weird Red Father majesty waits for you standing. Whats the difference between us? Are you blessed or something, buddy?
As soon as Metin stops talking, I turn my eyes toward the tree. I see a dervish standing in front of the logs. He wears a robe in green of leaf. He has white headwear with white hairs. His eyes are completely closed. His beard is white, but his moustache is red. The moustache doesnt seem like dyed. A kind of red turns into yellow with the sun light passing through leaves.
The coffer is just behind him. Please dont look at it. Never ask anything, Metin warns me for the last time.
I dont care his warning, looking at the coffer with great interest. It is so big that it can take Red Father inside. All around it engraved gingerly. Odd signs are on it. I recognize some of signs and some of them Ive never seen before. Red and green stones are also on the coffer, as Metin told. I dont look at it anymore.
Welcome to my poor house dear, says Red Father, and without looking at Metin, opens his eyes toward me. His eyes mix of blue and green. He stares at me without blinking eyes, that is hidden into his white eyebrows. His red moustache enlarges and shines as he smiles.
While got close to him four steps distant, Metin stops, he closes his eyes in front of Father, bends his head and becomes petrified. I dont know what to do. Father puts his hands on his chest and waits for me. I take two steps.
Stop! Where are you going, whispering Metin, pulls me back from my shoulder.
Come here son. Come closer, Red Father says.
I am going close to him. Father grabs my right hand and takes it in two hands. His eyes are closed again. He doesnt care a whit for Metin. It is the first time that I see this combative and lordless Metin kneels down before someone like that. Red Father just moving his lips silently and I guess he prays.
Your hands are cold, son. As if you had a passion to get cold that much, say Red Father. Hundreds of birds sing around us, but still I can hear his deep voice clearly. So did he ask me a question? If so, I dont know how to answer it.
Answer Father, says Metin, somehow not raising his voice.
I like cold, I say, with a quite self-confident voice.
To get warmer for friendly conversation is our customary, son, Red Father says. He clenches and doesnt open his eyes. And I feel my hands get warmer suddenly. I like that.
However, Father never lets go of my hand, even without moving his hands, makes my hand warmer. A sweat drop bursts on my forehead. I swelter, get into a panic a bit. He doesnt let my hand. I turn back and look at Metin. Like asking him whats happening and whats going to happen next. Metin doesnt say anything at all, he just moves his eyebrows and shoulders up and down.
I cant take this anymore. Youre very strong, son, says Father, If I hold the Carom like that, he would be only ashes, poor.
When Metin heard the word poor, I see his lips tell something like ucking. Whatever Father says I cant stand him anymore, saving my left hand and tidying up my shirt collar. I am like a soaked leaf.
As soon as saving my left hand Father lets me take my right hand and suddenly turns his back as fast as even Metin cant be. And I fell down to the ground. I feel terribly tired that cant stand up. The ground covers my sweat with mud. I feel myself sticking on the land. Metin picks me up and wipes my face with a tissue, blowing my face with his smoky breath and helps me standing up. I try to sit on one of the logs. I come close to a wider one.
You should carefully choose where to sit. This will shape your future.
I cant fully understand what Father says. I sit on the largest log on my sight. Metin gives me the tissue pack. I still sweat buckets. Red Father goes close to his coffer and points at something with his fingers. Metin gets move slowly and disappears behind the giant tree. Father smiles quite warmly.
As I see the coffer fascinates you. This is my life-draining. Maybe since my ten years old, I have been making it, repairing, got it with me wherever I go. For years the coffer has been aging me and also I have done it.
While Father is talking, Metin appears with a cushion in his hands. He puts it on the coffer and Father sits on it. Metin looks at me sourly, whispering me quickly: Boy, didnt I tell you not to look at the coffer? Are you a super goose?
What calls the demon is the curiosity, shouts Father, and the curiosity confines the demon in cages of mind. Prayers are being created with the curiosity, son, however all prayers satisfy our curiosity.
Father sometimes stops speaking, but need to say that I am being relieved as soon as he talks. I get amazed at how drying my shirt with a flurry of this man. I feel quite cheerful and good.
The curiosity is this universe itself. What is the meaning of life in the eyes of God? We cant know it. But in the eyes of people, life means curiosity. The universe is the curiosity, son: The curiosity of these birds, of dogs. It sometimes changes your order, but for stronger orders Just like the universe itself.
Metin folds his hands and waits standing, sometimes closes his eyes sometimes makes the eyes at me to warn me. Red Father closed his eyes, repeats the word curiosity like praying as he sits cross-legged on coffer. He spells curiosity, curiosity He talks about something that rises up his voice:
The curiosity is a very rich source, son. Our ancestors had lived on trees for thousands years, and then they found themselves in savageness, fell to the ground. They encountered with creatures eating each other just to be full up. They saw wild animals who were eager to savage the magnific bodies of our ancestors for only one night stand pleasure. Our ancestors were slaughtered, and had a very difficult life. To survive they pulled stomachs of monkeys to pieces and ate what they found inside, becoming scavengers. However what else, except the curiosity, could have kept those unlucky ancestors alive in the test world of God? God didnt give them claws to protect them. Even they had no horn, didnt run away fast, didnt fly and escape. Only power they had was the curiosity.
As it seems that Red Father has an idea about anthropology and believes in evolution. Who doesnt believe in evolution in the forest? Metin the Carom does not! As for him nothing changes in this life: A cuntface always is a cuntface at all times. If a knife didnt cut in the first time, its no use sharpening it.
Do you see those animals, son? Even all these animals visit me every day and listen to whatever I say. They still come back again wonderingly to listen if I will say something new. Look at them.
That is so scary! Here almost hundreds of wild boars around us and wait silently. Piggies lined up looking at Red Father. Foxes and jackals behind them, as if waiting for an order of Red Father, without eating each other. Just like those trees, they must be good animals. In Metins words, decent, well-behaved and patriotic animals
Curiosity makes us committing sin. However its hard to get to know the Satan without tasting sin. Also it is not possible to know God, without talking to Satan. Good and evil coalesce into the curiosity. Let me give you an example. I have no son or daughter. God didnt destiny me finding a wife on this endless universe. But I have an adopted son. Sometimes he calls me dad, sometime I call him dad. But also he has a name, Yaban (Wild). That kind of mottled communication we have.
Anyway, this poor man had lived with a tribe in Anatolian side of Istanbul fifty thousand years ago. In the tribe everyone was sisters and brothers and didnt fall in love with each other. This was the first law of human, first constitution. I mean it was not with your sibling. However this sinner poor man had fallen in love with a girl in the tribe. In the language of tribe, he had fallen in love with his sister. Maybe its a shame to tell, but they had crossed the line. Girl also had been interested in him Then, they were caught, as you understand, while they were doing it. In those years, the lives of women were valuable They didnt punish the girl but attacked on this poor man.
Spears and axes were in their hands Yaban jumped into the sea. I dont know if he was the first person who crossed the Bosporus water, but he came thus far someway. In that forest, at the place near that giant tree he lived for long years and didnt go out of the forest for fearing of the tribe. You see son, his curiosity got him into many troubles. But our species traced him and arrived here, then spread to Europe.
I didnt get it, I say, Is Yaban is still alive or dead? You said fifty thousand years ago?
Metin clenching secretly behind Father, getting very angry for my question. After my question, even pigs start grunting. Father stops talking like listening to the animals. He goes on after they are in silence:
Look son. A scientist told that: The human action must be motivated with the belief of success. Whats in a spell and law is all for that. Even religion is also for it. A person should believe in seeing a thing through. This is an onerous work. Just think of an atheist trying to be successful What kind of a struggle this isWhat kind of a weapon can an atheist have except his curiosity?
Even I dug this tree root because of my curiosity at this age, and took out the bones of Yaban. I still keep them in my coffer. Yaban was trapped because of the fear of his tribe. He still waits for them, still living in before fifty thousand years. In his own world, he still fights with big birds and files his stone axe. I tried to touch him in the darkness of night, tried everything.
One day I took his axe and left it there near water. When I woke up in the morning, he took his hummer and left away. I made a dealt with him that day. I swore to protect his soul from that damned tribe. And in return, he does my earthly affairs. Otherwise who can cuts trees in this big forest? Who protects me from animals?
I guess we are now facing with the signs of Red Fathers dementia. While he is talking, he moves very quickly and tells as he deeply believes what hes saying. So I expect him suddenly to start dancing with his imamah (headwear) taking off from his head.
You do not believe me, son.
Well A bit
Shut up idiot! I warned you! Shouts Metin flaring up, puts his hand on his forehead with anger and shakes his head.
Carom Come on and help me, lets give what this boy wants, says Father in a low voice, gets up from his coffer and opens it. What do I want? I still want to die. Who knows what Red Father would do if he heard it.
He is taking off something like a cup made of animal bone and hands it to Metin. He passes through the animals in increasing numbers and varieties, and he pours water in this carved bone where the little hedgehogs drink. Then he comes back and leaves the cup on an empty log. While passing behind me you shit asked for it, he whispers angrily. He goes and waits on him hand and foot looking at the cup.
This is one of the belonging of Yaban. It must be made of animal bone. He carries it with him for drinking water. This cup, I found it with his axe beside his bones. Son, if you curious about future, you will see it. But the stakes are high.
I want to see, I say and shout.
All right! You will see. Watch the cup. It is full of water, says Father and closes his eyes, crosses his legs on the coffer and moves his lips like praying silently. I am looking at the cup, not at Metin anymore. Also the animals get closer to the log the bone on it.
As soon as Father is raising up his voice sissss, water in the cup gets lower. So Its an amazing thing, but doubtful as well. It must be a hole at somewhere in the cup or the bone
This boy is very curious. Give him the cup, my son, says Father, never opens his eyes. Metin picks up the cup and comes close to me, brings it to me like throwing into my hands, I became a servant here. Fuck your curiosity, says, clenching his teeth and going back.
The eyes of Father are still closed. I check the cup recklessly. This is not fabrication, really looks like an animal bone. Its carving is quite unprofessional. I am not an expert about how obsidian leaves mark on objects, but this is carved really with something like that. There is no leaking.
Grasp it in your hands and watch water from above, says Father.
I do what he said. Yes, water is getting lower again. My hands start shaking. Someone pulls the cup, I swear he pulls it. As soon as he pulls it, I do the same. I quickly look at the Father in panic, then at grunting animals
Yaban left the rest of water for you. Would you like to drink it? Can you drink water with your ancestor from the same cup?
Without answering, I drink. When I drink up, I inhale the smell of bone. The face of Father smiles, his red moustache waves again. Metin doesnt look at me anymore, grabs the cup in my hand and takes it to Father.
I should admit that I am very impressed with happenings as a person who participated in sessions of summoning genies in England and Germany because of my sisters curiosity, and at that time I didnt find what I expected.
Also I feel someone jumping down my throat now. I am coughing and spitting out thick wads of phlegm. The same thing again jumps down my throat. It is stronger this time, I cough as breaking down in tears, then calm down. When I turn my left, I see animals run away in a mad rush. I stand up and look at them, they all go in the same direction. Where are they going?
When I turn back Neither Red Father nor Metin is there. A deathly silence! No twittering around, no singing birds. All leaves are steady and there is no wind. I feel my blood pressure dropping. I touch my knees, hardly hold on log, feel like an earthquake is going to happen, I sit down.
My feet Something catches my fingers on my right foot. I feel the log is shaking slowly. Maybe my heartbeats shake my body. My foot I take off my shoes. Also socks My finger My smallest finger became white! I hold it and try to move. Plastic It simply became plastic. Whats going on? I feel dizzy. Do I feel frightened? As I have always wanted to be plastic Does Red Father do what I wanted? I feel like a robot. The log now is being shaken strongly. I feel the ground as going to move away suddenly I step up on the log in a panic. The quake is not that much strong. I just wait.
Not only my finger, to my waist I have a sore all my body, cringe from looking under my shirt. Am I plastic now? From under the log, a little black beetle goes out by herself and moves away.
I have been always scared of these black beetles in my life. In my childhood, they were everywhere at home. On curtains, under wardrobes, back of doors, on wall clocks, even on chandeliers. They were following the pieces of bread under sofa. We were killing them, but they could not be cleared away. Even I was finding them in my school bag. When I opened my lunch box, they were suddenly going out of it and causing some panics in all class.
Now their glazes scare me again. Two more black beetles, three, four They get out of under the log just right there and run away all around the forest. I jump and kick at the log to frighten them. My foot really sounds like plastic. I dont care it and jump again. Now more black beetles rush around. Hundreds Thousands of And now winged ones Pitch black winged They cant fly, they are bounding. I am afraid of them sticking on me.
My God! Someone please explain it! Did the old man make me drink something else instead of water? Am I in a dream? I feel schizophrenic. I think I remember myself, I woke up this morning, then Metin came with Kurdish pastry, I would suicide yesterday, last week I had a group sex with a Chinese couple. I remember everything one by one, didnt lose any of logical connections. Till I drink the water in the cup, everything was normal. Typical effects of drugs. As they call it, all there are trips, will be recovered soon. But why did water in the cup get lower before I drink it? Magic! These all hajis and hodjas learn such tricks when they were child.
Metin! What did you make me drink? Where are you? I am shouting.
In the deep forest with no sound of wind. Black beetles turned into a carpet! My God A carpet made of beetles rolled out under my feet. And my feet are plastic! The only positive thing: The beetles dont attack me climbing up the log. They rather run away from me. I close my eyes, cant look at them anymore. I wish I was blind! I should think of something else! Turquoise rivers, refreshing streams Frogs on the side of the stream
One of the first things I remember is frogs when someone calls 90s. They were croaking everywhere except houses. And also everywhere around the Golden Horn that was stinking like sewage. What remained from the big riots of labors in 70s are these disgusting factory wastes. And the frogs usually tried to live around them. As for inside home
I should think of something else! Metin saved my life many times when we were child. He was a bugger and swearer, but when it comes to loyalty I never seen a person as loyal as him. One day children cleared up all chips in my fathers grocery. Then my father punished me and locked me to this grocery to look after my property and shop, in his words the shop where we earned our livelihood. Also he locked the bars on me. It was dark inside, airless, but full of many things to eat. I got angry so much that I ate what I found. And more, I tried to drink beer despite its sour taste. I am not sure if he took the smell of beer even he was little, Metin appeared on the window at eleven of the night. He cut the glass with a glass-cutter selling at bazaars. Then he tried to cut rails with his weird machines. He didnt open the door, but didnt leave me alone until morning. Despite cold weather, he stood there all night. I smoked the second cigarette of my life with him there.
Where are you now Metin? I shout.
No Metin, no Father, none of black beetles! Even one of them is not here, all disappeared. Am I still under the influence of drug? To realize it, I kick the log strongly and it still sounds like plastic. The wind is blowing mildly. I turn my neck to cool down. They both of them must be hidden behind the giant tree. I turn around the tree. There is no door. And I turn around it, arrive the logs again. There is nothing around except trees. All goings-on were a lie! Why did Metin choose me for that lie? Who needed it? Was this ridiculousness just to stop me from killing myself?
Other blowing wind strongly It took off all my sweat this time. And it disappeared in ten seconds like vacuuming. The same damned silence is here again. This time my ears are vacuuming. I lose my balance again. I hold on to the giant tree and get up. Will I fall into crawling of the black beetles again? So as to the possibility of it, I step up onto the log. Yes, it is shaking again. However there are no black beetles around, nothing is derived from nowhere.
I turn on the log watching around. Someone or invisible something blowing upon my forehead and taking deep breath! Terrible! As if the beetles turned into a huge black beetle and blowing upon my face far from hundred meters away. I can see nothing. This may be Yaban. Maybe an animal, a rhino of this wild man. Do these leaves sound as stepping on them?
I can swear this invisible creature comes towards me. Now I should wake up or get over this damned drug! It comes closer even I can see nothing, it is on my trail, sneakingly, I can feel it. I am so tensed, count the broking branches one by one, lean back on the giant tree. 
Metin, where are you buddy! Enough of this joke! Enough man!
I shout like a mad, punch the tree. I feel this thing touches back of my neck and is still invisible. It is going to eat me and to put my eyes out in four seconds. Red Father! Please help me! I am begging, hardly punching the giant tree. If I took a little action or dared to run away, this invisible creature would hunt me and I would be scalded in another hole.
Last time I shouted Metin and I dont know what to do after got no response. Great idea to smashing my head in butting to the tree! I am doing it I felt nothing, my head also sounds like plastic. This time I think of getting back and butting in the way of headlong. One, two Something hits my head. A piece of wood!
Hey! Quick! Cuntface! Again you fell into my hands. Quickly move up, hurry, says Metin, hands a ladder with wooden steps joining each other with a rope. I climb up the stairs with no hesitate, get up through branches peeling off my face. When I look at back The same hole, the same invisible creature as if digging the place where I was shortly before, and now I guess it thinks of how to climb the tree.
Hold my hand, hold! I warned you, didnt I? You shouldnt have made him open the coffer, says Metin, gives his hand from a wooden floor that is built quite high. Maybe a balcony Something like only two people can go in I come closer it and Metin pulls me up. I feel like I am in the Amazon Rainforest. Giant leaves, forty meter trees, giant beetles hiding around.
What the fuck did you make me drink so? I ask. They should give me something like its antidote.
Water! Didnt you see it? I poured water in it from the tap. You only drank water. That man has very strange powers. All I told you is real. Where is your log?
Whats the log?
It is where you sat. Why did you leave it there? Your name is written on it.
I didnt see something is written. How could I uproot this log by myself?
He lies! They poisoned me! This bone cup was poisonous. A crunch! The branches are breaking in somewhere below the tree. What breaks them I feel that sneaky hole approaches. Metin holds my arm, tells me I am safe here. But I dont care and point at a stick extending to another giant tree.
Can I go across with it?
You cant. Your hands are weak, youll fall down immediately.
I can. Come with me.
Did you do your military service, buddy? Of course you did not. So how can you go across? Sit tight! Calm down.
The creature is coming. It will destroy both of us.
Who is coming? Whats the creature? Calm down! Shut the fuck up!
Metin is really calm. The wooden floor we stand on is also quite safe. But I feel, this thing comes toward us and it is going to break down this floor. I hold on to the stick that goes to tree across like a swinging monkey. It is too hard and impossible for me to go to the tree. My two hands are on stick and my body in the air.
You will die! Shouts Metin. Next to him, Red Father with his green caftan How did Father come there?
Go, leave me alone, I will take care of myself. I dont know. Just go, I talk with not my mouth, with my voice comes from my throat. I am on the middle of stick.
As if that sneaky hole starts to untie my shoes ignoring the tree. However, this is not enough for me to move. Metin also comes with me on stick, tries to close to me. But its no use. I didnt die yesterday, but shortly after I will fall into pieces on the ground.
Wait, dont move, I come to take you. Come close to me. Come back, says Metin.
I try to turn, but feeling my hands stuck on. Neither to right nor to left. I cant move on in any direction. The human action must be motivated with the belief of success. But who believes? I have no any belief of success. Or all my belief ran away because of Metin yesterday. Before the hole swallows me, I jump down. Maybe I will not die.

Third day

I step back fearing of the silence while looking at the white sea from the ferry, and while watching the soil streaming like water before my eyes on the train. Then slowly again, I reach out into the danger. On this time, that anonymus provoker tells me Jump off Jump.

Hseyin Rahmi Grpnar

I opened my eyes in one go. All around me is still green. I slept for too long. I feel swelling on my eyelids. However this forest is different from the other. No such giant trees. Just simply oaks, poplars, bushes Is it Belgrade Forest? I dont know if I am in one of the patriotic forests of Metin the Carom.
Smell of the morning Bread crumbs on the ground Who did put the crumbs? Whats for? There is no bird around. In the past, before to learn to make a rubber, people had erased their writings with bread crumbs. Now the birds feeding with them. Yes, two little birds are approaching me. They eat the bread crumbs in front of me with no fear, and hit their tails to leaves after hopping, then land on.
They became crowded! What means tail in Latin is pencillus. Another name of pencil. Speaking of pencil, am I still alive? Would birds come to beak me if I was dead? Only way to test whether I am dead or alive is holding a pencil. If I held a pencil I would be dead.
I think of the happenings one by one, follow the turns of them and I remember everything. I am conscious, have all myself. Am I injured? I try to move, I cant. My arms are tied with ropes to a tree. Everywhere smells of wet wood. Wood, stone, copper, bronze, iron, gold, plastic and wood again at the beginning. There is only wood at the start and the end of everything.
One day when the teacher was talking about the human history, she said that iron is more crucial than bronze for humanity. People had made their tools of bronze in primitive times. In more developed times when human found out iron, they made their weapon and armors of iron, and created more modernized society. When I heard this, I went to Demir, felt so badly. Yours is Demir (iron) but my name is null, Tunch (bronze) I said and told him what I learned at school.
Then, he told me that:
In fact, in the history the society of bronze time was democratic, cultured. As Athens and Ionia. These were bronze societies that always been the center of philosophy, democracy, art and respect for human. When we look the societies using iron, we can see that they had emperorships, we can lose our ways with the darkness of middle age and we see barbarity, great plague, casualness, impassiveness and slavery.
I am still not sure if all these are truth, but I had never complained about my name once again. However, the computer, that is only democratic tool, is made of plastic, neither bronze nor iron.
After my family accepted that I was not able to write, they bought me a computer of Amiga 500 model. I had no problem about holding those blue disks or that mouse. While Gizem was still unaware of this technological development and still sewing dresses for her dark colored babies, I was making drawing of pictures madly on this Amiga, drawing colorful stick men, practicing the letters one by one on keyboard, and writing pages about each family member. The most I did was breaking a joystick monthly at the cost of becoming a champion in playing air view football matches on Sensible Soccer. I was breaking the joysticks, but not able to hold pencils.
In the street and I guess in the neighborhood, I was the only one had this device. It was not that much expensive when compared to today, but people were a bit more penny pincher. At least in those years people were wealthier as not in today.
The computer is a democratic device, yes. When consider to opportunities of the social media and facilities of internet, it is understood better. If you were a child in 90s, also lived in a suburb, there were barbarian people outside, who was able to punish you when you once opened your mouth. Now, the children in the twelve can present their poems. Young women writers also can publish their books electronically, without having to get under some literature men or publishers.
Besides all these, the computer was the only thing for a pencil-disabled person like me to equalize with other normal people. If the writing was the most important event of civilization, I was also writing by computer! I was able to even sign with different combinations of numbers.
I was able to solve the mathematic problems as a person who cannot hold pencils. So that my mother was coming to life in the hope of gaining her prestige back and getting rid of thinking suicide that she couldnt let it go, just because of the concern for my school future. She was finding fathers money box in some way and enrolling me for new interactive education systems. I can only say now: Long live plastic!
But the problem is now if my fingers are still plastic? I ask this, because a bear smells of my fingers. My perineum and arm pits, my elbows It smells and stinks very bad, taking a deep breath. I am not sure if I need to play dead. I watch the big nose of the bear unblinkingly.
Hey! Traitors! I will shot if you move! says the policeman with someone next to him. He is one of the white shirts and a machete in his hand. They come closer running hundred meters far from away. The bear gets into a panic, his paws are appearing. But I cant move.
If he moves, shot the faggot! Says the policemen and gives a gun to a man with white short. The cop searches me with no fear of the bear. Who did tie you here?
I dont know. I found myself here when I woke up.
I will take you to the police office. Who tied you here must be traitors. These traitor trees
Trees?
Trees, birds, people. Fuck it, the country is full of traitors.
The bear gets move and roars. The white-shirt man points a gun at the bear and says Bro, do you want me to shot it?
Dont shot, buddy! I am going to put it in handcuffs. We should capture them alive.
Bro, the bears stirring. With only move, it can pull your head. Ill shot!
Just wait, fuck it! Says the policeman, gets angry, while trying to take the gun in hands of the white-shirt man, the bear attacks both of them. Catching the policemans leg and carrying away him toward me. Other man shots randomly and runs away praying to Allah.
The right foot of the bear is bleeding. The policeman is writhing, begging in vain. The bear gets the head of the policeman once again, although it doesnt cause to faint, it muddles him pretty. And everything happens right in front of me.
I dont know what to do. If I shout helping for the policeman, this bear may eat me, leaving him. I dont want to die in this way. This is not dying, this is only returning to life again and again for hundreds times. What if the policeman wont be enough for the bear? I would be the second serving. The wild nature, the damned nature, the only reason of all these wars is the nature! Well what can I say: I hope the bear will be full up with that policeman. I close my eyes. The blood from the mouth of the traitor bear is dropping onto my face. Now the bear is eating the brain of the policeman, I cant keep my eyes off him.
Bakunin. Come here dear. Calm down. A voice of a woman is heard, she calls out to the bear. The name of the bear is Bakunin. As soon as Bakunin hears the voice, he leaves the dead body of the cop and sits there.
Come here. Oh oh! Did you full up? Here you sit, let me clean your mouth. Sit down, well done, says the same woman. A little child is there with this woman who is about her thirties. They seem as a family who came to the forest for trekking. They wore so. Have elastic bands on their heads and ankles, sweats The woman pulls a piece of cloth from her pocket and wipes out the bloody mouth of Bakunin.
Mom, Jesus is there! Says and laughs the children, pointing at me. Jesus? So indeed, my arms are tied and crucified towards two sides.
Are you fine Mr.? Who tied you here? Asks the woman, closes to me moving away from the bear, touches my hands. How long have you been here?
I dont know. I was running away from a hole who was trying to swallow me. I fell down from a high tree. I dont remember what happened after, I say, still wonder whether my feet are still plastic or not.
The bear goes far away, drawing the pieces of the poor dead man. The little girl waves goodbye to the bear. The woman presses my pants over on my knees and my calves. Now she is touching on my face, checking my eyes.
You have no empurpling or contusion on your body. Are you sure of falling down? She asks, pulling my earlobes.
My feet I say, she checks my ankles. My feet are plastic.	
Plastic? She laughs and takes off my shoes and pinches my fingers. Do you feel it? She asks, trying one more time.
I feel it. She does the same thing for my other foot. If you dont disgust, could you please pull off my socks and check my fingers? I ask. I swear I saw my finger was white and turned into plastic.
The woman is pulling off my socks and I wiggle all my fingers. There is no plastic. She thinks I ridicule her. The little girl is trying to take a photo of me with her smart phone. She will make a fool of me in social media. Laughs a lot.
For shame my girl! Close it. Please! The woman says. She is mother of the girl. The woman gets the phone from the girl. Now she unties the ropes on me, Did the policeman do this? Asks and unties my other arm.
I dont think so. If that bear didnt eat him, he would save me, I say, the proof of the savagery I encountered still on my face. The blood drops of the policeman are sticking on my eyelids.
Bakunin? He is a good bear. He knows very well whom to eat, says the woman and laughs loudly.
Cruel! I say, as soon as my arms get rid of the ropes, I clean the blood on my face and show my bloody hands to the woman.
The policeman deserved it! These coppers cut down thousands of trees, took thousands our lives! I guess you have no idea what goings-on! They intend to kill all animals in this forest! The woman shouts, gets very angry and gives up untying me.
I point at my waist with my eyes to untie it also. I cant reach there with my hands. The ropes hurt me. But I still go on talking: He wouldnt kill the bear, he will arrest.
Ha-ha! Sure, they will give her the kiss of life! Anyway, we are leaving. The police will save you! The woman walks away taking the girl by the hand.
Untie my waist! Where are you going? I said nothing that hurt you, I shout, trying to feel their conscience guilty.
The little girl comes back, I will save you if you let me to take photo of you, she says and laughs like a demon, squinting.
Give me the phone! You will never use this again, says the woman and grabs the phone from hands of her daughter, They will think that we torture people in this forest. Why dont you listen to me! So?
The woman puts down the telephone and unties me. I am taking a deep breath and thank her from my heart. I take long steps around, feeling no pain.
And now, are you fine? Asks the woman with the same smiling face. I nod my head and thank her again. She asks if I am hungry. I dont think that I will eat something after seeing the pieces of the policemans brain. As the mother and daughter move away, two different voices of men arise one after another, then running around madly. Why did you untie him? Hold him, dont let him go!
I have no thought of going anyway. The woman doesnt know what to do and raises her hand. Two young man approach and a young woman from behind them. They push me from my shoulder and drive me to the tree. Some people gathering around me get more crowded. The young woman with a star on her beret seems like a communist. She yells my head off.
Spy! He is an agent of the government! We found you in that road excavation. They lean into our forest. You have no broken bone. Also he has no identity card.
Im not a spy or something. I even dont know where I am, I say, at the time when she stops talking to take a breath, rarely.
What were you doing in their forest? You were trying to leak in here from across the road! And this paper was in your pocket. Your code name is Fingerless, isnt it?
She throws the paper on my face, I hardly hold it with my frozen fingers and read it tremblingly. They even dont let me to read it, push me around and kick. There is only writing like that:
I warned you about this coffer, man. You humiliated me in front of the old man. I would cut your ears and put them in your hands, but we are blood brothers. Never see me again! Never do wrong to me again! This is last warning!
Metin the Carom, Im sure he is. But I dont know if this is his handwriting. Ive never witnessed him writing for any purpose.
Who is this blood brother? Who is the old man? Say it, fascist! Shouts the young woman, slapping in my face strongly. I feel the pain, not to let her slapping again, I hold her hand. As soon as I hold, two of them start to push my breast.
One of them clutches my throat: Come on, say it! We cant push you around all day. Today is a big day! He says. However they are in the wrong. It is impossible for them to wangle words out of me in this way. Whether policemen or not, if I dont want to talk, no one can let my words out. Maybe this is only thing that I resist in this life. I get angry and my stubborn folds rise, I will never talk even if they remove my eyes one by one.
Today is a big day! Today we are going to put all fascists into sewage! Shouts the little girl, still looking at me.
If we unite, everything is possible! shouts the communist woman.
If we unite, everything is possible! shout the people around, they are maybe two hundreds. They repeat the same thing again and again, and cause to very terrible roaring. Together with hundreds of animals, they shout the same words for minutes. The animals, also tropical ones!
If we unite, everything is possible! Not hundreds maybe thousands of people! As far as I can see they are all young! Squirrels climb up to trees, walnuts in their mouths fall down.
If we unite, everything is possible! This time I hear this slogan in a very familiar and very irritating voice. My sister Gizem! She sees me and runs. Wait, wait! She shouts, had cut her long black hair, put knitted rings over her head, rubbed some mud on her face, her eyes shine.
He is my full brother! Not a spy! How this airhead can be a spy! He is the apolitical one. Trust me, she says. I guess they trust her. Gizem holds my hand. Other people shout the same slogan and walk away arm in arm.
What are you doing here? Werent you in China? She asks and takes my right hand, and walks me.
What about you? What are you doing here? Where are we? I put on my shoes.
In a part of North forest rescued from the state, says Gizem, I have never seen her that much excited before. We will rescue also above the road! She says, just like the communist girl, her voice is thrilling.
Whats going on here? I ask and see the thousands of people climbing down the trees.
We are making revolution! Yes! We are making revolution! Today is a big day. We will occupy Taksim. These people are called Forest Youth, she says.
Does it like forest men? As if we walk through a nature that nobody eats each other. Bears dont attack people, jackals that are not scavengers, foxes dont chase the chickens, and pigs share their meal between each other. And my hands sweat continuously, I try to tear the paper getting wet in my hand, but Gizem grabs it and read.
What is this? Who is this blood brother?
Who do you think he is? Metin the Carom! Did you remember him? I say and pull the paper tearing this time.
No! Who is he? What are you up to? Who is the old man? She asks, but her eyes are on a man. Even in the forest she looks for someone to have sex. The revolution which Gizem makes must be designed sexually. Otherwise, this woman can be a counter-revolutionist.
Dont mind. It is full of shit. Who do you look at?
No one What about my Jaguar? Where is it now? Why did you take it? You have more much money, but you have never bought yourself a car, she says, now her eyes are on another one.
Well I have no words to talk about Jaguar. Who knows where it is now? I know well how Gizem is obsessive about her personal belongings. If I had said Metin the Carom impounded it, she would tear all my face to pieces with her sharp nails.
Okay I want to hear your answer.
She waits, taking her eyes off that man, flashes at me, comes quite closer.
I will get you the new one, I say, Does mom know you are here?
Ha-ha! Our parents are visiting museums in Amsterdam without shaming their elderlies. Dont change the subject! I dont want a new Jaguar. I want mine! Come on!
Yes, now she is raising her voice with her changeless childish modes that lost her toys, again and again blows my face. I know she will just look straight at my face like that during a half hour, and then she will soften.
Ha-ha! laughs Gizem, softening her face in an unexpected time and drawing on strongly. Dont panic, okay! Look at that weirdo ha-ha! Come and see the Jaguar, she says and runs away holding my hand.
We came to the place where the forest is rare through people, who have scary ancient Mesopotamian figured masks on their faces. I saw the Jaguar. And about twenty people are taking part of it. Someone paints its doors and someone lays pipes unfurnishing the inside.
These engineer youth try to turn Jaguar into a gun. If it will not rain today, most probably, we walk toward Taksim.
Whats the matter about raining? I ask, looking for someone like Metin the Carom among engineers. Still expecting to see him again.
In rain, the revolution cant be made because the ground is still slippery! Ha-ha! I dont know. Thats what they decided in forums.
Forums? Is there an internet connection? I ask. I cant even smell of Metin the Carom in the car. They even remove the seats, fill the cars with glass tubes streaming colorful liquids in it.
You know no shit! Havent you ever heard forums? The people come together and try to decide on something together also. No need to have internet. However, we have an internet connection. Whats for it? To check your e-mails? Ha-ha! Now again with her seductive laughing, Gizem manages to take attention herself.
Now she pulls me away on another way. Bearded men and women wearing head scarves are under the cloth banner that Lehul Mulk (Property is belonging to God) written on. Gizem says they are rebellious Muslims. We are passing by them. A young woman among them makes a suggestion in a calm voice:
Revolution is at the door! After revolution, for Muslims the first thing to do is demolishing all mosques, that are built by thieves and that soil Allahs name and the azan. We shouldnt ruin the historical buildings. But we have to pull down all these robber mosques that are raised by people who just to make amends for their sins. And then, we will put the liberty mosques of Allah back!
Some people are in opposition to her, raising their hands, and some people applaud. One of the young bearded men tells: That kind of movement may lead to pressure on peoples life style. And another young man defends the necessity of demolishing these historical buildings for Allah.
Gizem lets go of my arm and takes a boiled potato from the hand of her friend, gives me the half of it. It is too hot and saltless. However, it remembers me that I am really very hungry. I walk with my burning mouth.
Now I am under a banner that is written Marx, Lenin and Stalin on it one after the other, the communists are just beside me. They also sit in the same line, arguing in louder voice. I go closer to them with the hope of meeting with the revolutionist woman who slapped my face. I feel nothing for her, also dont want to spit in her face. Maybe I want to stand against her just as a normal person, not as a spy.
But she is not here. A middle aged woman is talking in a similar voice with her. She says: What will we do with this conservative public who has always given this murderer government unquestioning support?
We will reeducate them and show their wrongfulness, says the old man, cleaning his glasses with his red scarf.
If you ask me, says a young and fat boy, lets drive the tanks through the hills of Istanbul and bombard all around. I know all the districts they live
Some of them just laugh, taking him as joke, and some nod him with their heads. Another middle aged woman stands up and shouts pointing at this boy: On these hills, also working class people live! While in need of a strong party to raise the awareness of them, you still try to be a public enemy!
Also a man already on the shady side of forty runs with a black star badge on his collar, and gets closer to the group, speaking up: Who are these workers? Are these workers still work for a pittance while we lose our children and lives here? All young persons of Istanbul have stood on their head for months here, at the cost of risking their schools and futures, break away from their families to live here, and lose their lives or eyes under the fascistic attack of policemen. Where are workers now? They are still up to damned never-ending breadwinning!
It seems they are going to fight. Gizem carries me away again. The revolution gets close in. Everyone is a bit nervous. They usually dont fight each other. They listen to each other in a very civilized manner, and take a decision together. Get hungry, didnt you? Hundreds of cuisines are here. Now I am going to take you to one of them. Right there
We pass by a big tent where Kemalists playing saz and singing songs. I meet with strange people. I see some naturist people drinking their sperms, the hippies rolling a joint, speaking people are in a manner of Socrates with ancient Greek clothes on them, some people walking around in sea rover clothes and taking the children coming after them to a wooden ship, the hanged mirrors on the branches I see, the colorful parrots, the rats coming out of the tree holes, the hedgehogs pork out all the time.
A woman teaches children how to make a Molotov bomb. A few architects build a biggish prayer room made of branch pieces and leaves. Some tents are set up, some linen chairs are fold, the pictures are drawn, the clothes are knitted, and they make love, kissing, swearing to each other.
This cuisine has its own rules, says Gizem, takes me to a long wooden bench. The people lined up along the bench cut something continuously. It is forbidden to eat meat here. All of us have to do at least one thing on this bench. Like now I cut black cabbage. So you could cut an onion, she says, pressing an onion and a knife into my hand.
I cut it. A big fire is lighted beyond us, big boilers on it. Someone walks around like a chef, someone cuts their fingers by accident. I can hold knife and cut onion very well.
After cutting some vegetables I deserved sandwiches as big as my head. With orange juice. We eat them in two bites and go on walking slowly in this colorful place. We pass by feminist groups that have tents side by side. They had revised Antigone character of Sophocles and wrote a new drama, some feminists rehearse it. The symbols and colors of LGBT society hang down from trees and gays pace around half-naked.
Everyone just waits. None of them tends to do a revolutionist action! They are just empty crowd. We need to be a leading power. Need to sparkle of the war, taking all guns where we dug into
A familiar voice tells this and comes closer.
The public wait for us. But we still play drama. There is no spontaneous movement. Workers and other pioneers are still waiting in vain with no action. What will happen in this way? Will we wait until the fascist government kills all of us one by one? We need to go into action tonight, comrades!
The voice that talks right in front of me The same woman, with a same beret and same young boys who throttled me I stand against this woman who smacked my face and looking into her eyes. She stands in front of me without moving, looking into my eyes. When I turn to other, they also stand as still as a statue. I still stand up to them.
Gizem pulls at my arm again, What are you doing? Come on.
She is about to pull off my arm. We move away from them. The types who knocked me, I say. Gizem laughs again. I turn my back to look at this woman with beret. They are still there and stand still! I escape from Gizem and stand out amongst the crowd to take a stand against the three.
It is too weird. The womans eyes and feet are still steady on the same direction. Others are the same too. They even dont react to my gestures.
Their circuits are burned with your irresistible attraction, says Gizem. She hits on beret of the woman slowly. Her eyes are rolling, others stay the same.
Tunch, they are robots. Three of them are robots, says Gizem.
What! Whats the robot? How? She must be joking. Gizem always scratches her nose when she wants to mock at me.
A robot, as you know. They caught you by mistake last night. And now they see you again, their circuits must be gone. They break down as soon as making errors, says Gizem, calling for someone.
Wait, waitI say, as a soldier of the plastic world, I cant believe my ears. So, all these three are robots, arent? Three robots are having tissue, skin and eyes as same as human?
Yes! Why dont you believe? These three are our three martyrs who are murdered by the fascist government indeed. Their bodies are turned into robots. The name of the woman slapped you is Songul. Comrade Songul was slaughtered two months ago. Next to her, comrades Aydin and Murat
This is unbelievable! I dont know what to say. With which technology were they made under these trees? How were they made? I have billion questions in my mind. Someone should explain it.
Two women come closer in rush and take off Songuls sweater and open a lid on the back of her. I cant stand on watching cables popping out of human skin, I feel nauseous. You Chapullers I say.
A voice like a drum shuts my mouth and also Gizem does so. A middle aged man gets close to me: Never use this word again. We have forbidden using it!
Which word? Chapuller?
Shhh! Gizem shuts me up, pulls my arm and this time takes me far away the crowd. She whispers something:
The word Chapuller was imputation of the government for us. It was cursed. In past we adopted this word once and got in great trouble. So we dont accept any word that imputed us anymore. If we need a name, we will create it for us.
That horny woman talks like a party speaker. What happened to my sister, whom I caught many times having cybersex? Now she lights a cigarette and doesnt offer me. Three or four young people erase the writings of D.C. engraved on walls. D.C.? I remember these are also in forest of Red Father. Someone must be get the badly messages across to these young people. We pass by them also. We come to a place where people are rare and the trees are quite dense.
Now I will show the one who made these robots. We have a couple of genies. This one is the one of them
Gizem points at a log cabin that is quite far away. A room five or six square meters wide, single floor and with no windows. I see people joining hands in shape of ring around the cabin. One step away from them another big people circle. They all have something on their neck. Like a toy of laser gun I cant see it from distance. As I move to get close, Gizem pulls me back.
Dont go closer. We cant go further. That cabin is one of three or four center places for our community. Do you see any cable around? You cannot because there is no cable here. But we have electricity and internet connection. The genius in that cabin provided it.
Whos this one? Have you ever seen? What are the people around it doing?
That genius became a legend for us and hides away. No one dare to go into this cabinet. Moreover this will be disrespectfulness. So, the one naturally became a legend. Some say there is a very beautiful woman inside. And some talk about a baby. They even talk about God is inside. The people around cabin protect it. They change the guards ten times a day. These people circles protect there for twenty four hours. Similar genies and similar cabins are also present in North and South parts of the forest. This time it is serious Tunch. The youth swore on changing this world.
Gizem goes on talking inexhaustibly and I question myself if I afraid of goings-on. Then, feeling death is on the rise inside me.
Why do you looking like that? You are weird. I have never seen you like that, says Gizem, touches my shoulder, turns me and looking into my eyes.
How do I look at? I say and turn my eyes away.
Do you feel down? I showed you that much things. How can you feel bad in such place? She says and points at the young people who dance like crazy with flaming sticks on their hands.
I dont feel bad, down or something.
Are you afraid of death? Because the government will bust and kill all of us? Do you want to leave here? Are you uncomfortable with us? She asks. I wouldnt dream of her close interest for me.
No, contrary to this I say, but have no idea how to continue. Will I talk about the feeling of death? And also at this time of the day when they get ready for revolution? I feel my heart stinks, Gizem, I want to say this to her. I have an itch to take apart my eyes, I want to remove my knees and hang on this tree. Maybe I seem like that because all these beautiful things will end soon Maybe I feel these people will be melted with the bombs from the hills of forests. I wish you would never ask me any question about this when you looked into my eyes Gizem.
Now she is hugging me. So do I. In the day Demir dead, we had hugged each other like that. This time also we have no reason to cry. Everywhere smells of moist plant. The trees must cry before us.

* * *
It is still the same day, but what time is it? I really wonder how they calculate time in this forest. Is time walking distance between two trees? Whats the distance in this forest full of trees? Anyway, no one cares about time here. They had their meals and cleaned around. The dancers lie at full length on the ground very tiredly. It is about to get dark. The fire is lightening up, the lights that make the colors of tents appear are shining in the deep forest. They are lamps as weird as Aladdin's magic lamp, and are being carried in little wooden lattices. I see some people read books, doing sports, some checking their guns and sharpen  knives, some shoot horror films, and some tell pornographic stories
The piano players stop, the drum players fall asleep and rappers lose their rhythms. Because a wind is blowing, as angry as collapsing tree branches on us. This is a strong wind that makes lovers forget their love and files even its own chains. It is a sufferer wind that can drive mosquitos wild in even this kind of ambient.
A man in desert Bedouin clothes comes up shouting Bismillah! He covers his head just to hide his rolling eyes. He shouts something in his appeared goatee:
The wind talks to me.
People are sealed!
I tell them we will warm up the mornings.
We will cause a fit between cloud brothers.
The heads will fly like pollens.
The dead will always talk the same rumor.
Lovers will be seen on the narrow valleys.
And the hills will forget
Me
Says the wind.
Never stops talking.
And waiters will come, whistling the wind
Yellow faced waiters with black vests.
Dark waiters, white waiters...
They are coming! 

The waiters! This man looks at the waiters who are walking through the forest, and this man gets out of way. The waiters have trays on their hands, walk in the five file. They say that they come here to support the youth. All waiters of Istanbul now pass by us. They walk toward Gezi Park. I see saleswomen and salesmen behind them, chefs, industry workers, mechanics, makers, breakers, collectors, donors The workers are now walking with taking our sleep!
The wind suffers pretty! I look for something to shut my ears, find a green leaf that cannot be broken in my ear. I call Gizem. It is very crowded. Everyone is on the move, all of them poke each other. I feel Im lost. Gizem is not around. I even cant raise my voice. Im afraid of tumbling-down a hill and of stopping never again.
The people try to be ready like setting this big city on fire, have strange searchlights in their hands and torches, guns, books. As if trees give them way leaning aside. I am still looking for Gizem. Someone grabs my arm and pulls me through to this flood of people, pushes me to humanity.
Everywhere Taksim, everywhere resistance!
There is no one here who rumors as much as I hear, no music, no complaining, no one is afraid of the future, no one escapes from death, no flag, no folk song. I listen to footsteps and slogans intermingling. Next to me, a child takes my arm and screams. One side of the crowd is over there in Kagithane, other side maybe already in Gezi Park. The same slogan is heard everywhere:
This is just the beginning. We will keep fighting!
The light is added on our parts from far and near. We? I and we I have never been a we in any part of my life. So, now I dont feel like we also. I absorb the crowd like a parasite. Or in the simplest term, I became nothing. There is not any soul here who cares about my curiosities and worries! And also I deal with the questions that are obsession. How they know there is no policeman here? Isnt there anyone, except me, who presumes that we pass by a valley which its hills are full of flaming balls to kill us?
Would you like to eat potato chips? A girl says, next to me. She gives me the packet. I dont want it and thank her. We cant make the revolution with an empty stomach honey, she says, and then takes my arm. She also takes another arm one next to her. I even cant move my hand.
We come to somewhere the trees are rare and the grinning tower blocks of Istanbul come into view through the leaves. Fireworks are set off over there, continuously. Then we breathe some gas. It must be the tear gas. When I look around, I see the giant and white eyes that become more appear in the dark, burst into tears. Is it because of gas or honor? Or does the happiness of getting rid of their own stories in this crowd, who is drifting to dead, make them cry?
We see the stars smirking at us in the polluted air of Istanbul. And skyscrapers. They all topple over one by one. The girl next to me looks at her phone and tells me: The youth push the buildings roughly and fell them.
The dust of building wrecks comes toward us. The dust coloring with lamplights of helicopter.
The girl next to me again looks at her phone and says: There are tanks all around Gezi Park and Taksim. The government started bombing on the crowd. What we hear of exploding was not the sign of the celebration.
The law of entropy means the destructive power of nature. Demir was really liked the entropy, he had always talked about it. The ratio of irregularity to regularity Am I happy to witness the most irregular night of Istanbul? Yes! I ask the old man in front of me, if he is also happy. I ask that man who nonstop talks about his memories in 70s, Are you happy? He never answers me, only cries and walks.
The buildings fall down one by one, the large commercial buildings lean back to each other like dominos. Is over there Maslak or Kagithane? I am not sure. But all around us is still green. When I look back, I see animals joined us. Even the beavers!
The girl looks at the phone next to me and says: Tanks back off. The civil war started in Taksim. Pro-governments attack the youth of trees with whatever they have in their hands.
This night Gizem and I most probably will be destroyed. Our parents may choose graveyards for us in Amsterdam. People make revolution here with their all families. But I just try to escape from Metin the Carom and his magician master. Gizem just acts as mature woman who is bored of her bourgeois life. A monkey jumping closer to me tries to keep up with me. Yes, not a human, a gorilla! I march in revolution with a gorilla, and the finches are above us
The big hotels in Taksim are seen from far. Police helicopters above them open fire on the crowd. We count the flying buses and cars. They throw up vehicles like sending off a soldier, or blow up them. I cant choose where the source of noise.
The girl next to me looks at her phone. Also I look at her, her face is changed. Another one came to me. Also she doesnt hold my arm. Just writing her boyfriend Where are you my love as a message. She doesnt fear from death, her eye brows dont move. However, we will die all or we all wont be dead. She is going to die with her beloved, so no reason for her to get afraid.
We hear hundreds of rumors making our steps faster. Workers set factories to fire, the banks are being plundered, red flags are being waved on the Maidens Tower, and some flying people like Hezarfen Ahmet Celebi are being seen on the Galata Tower. Now, we are in the center of town, some people turn off the lights who watch the crowd from inside. They join us or curse us hiding their dark rooms.
The coal miners dig in the asphalt, the monkey next to me says. No, it is not that monkey, a very thin boy said this. And adds: The crowd stomp on the ground all together to ruin the roads. The bridges are about to broken away because of the heavy people transition. The cars around Taksim are made barricades. Some weird animal species come ashore from the sea of Bosphorus.
We are so close to Taksim now, the helicopters are far away. There are no vehicles around on the move. No police, no calling to prayer, no honks, and no TV series tracks. I see someone does street writings on the wall, paints the cracked walls with bold drawings of mixed colors. A very strong outcry is heard from the Taksim square.
Now we want to enter Gezi Park, but its not possible. Millions of people wait for the park to extend toward them. They sit on streets and have rest, sing songs, play hide-and-seek in narrow streets that close to boulevards, sculpture with polices crash helmets. And some people plunder the supermarkets and hand out beers. There is no one who cares about living of shopkeepers They share everything they have. And eat any kinds of things they found. This time these young people seem learned their lessons very well about become wild and beautiful.
I ensconce myself on the grass, now I sit cross-legged. Even I want nothing to eat, these are all they bring me: Beer bottles, some kind of cheese, two different honeys, and bagels with seeds or without seeds, bulgur salad, pastries and rice dish that were put in a rose colored plate of women gold day, water in different brands, pillow, and quilt. Who brings all this and from where? And also a car tire is in front of me.
While eating fried rolls with cheese filling, Gizem finds me. Get up, get up! Come on, we are going. You always eat something! She says. There is a man next to her, putting a gas mask on his head. They kiss each other like old lovers, and then try to get me up together. They hold my hands and take me to the Taksim Square like taking a cow to meadow. Why didnt take my tire with me?
I see some revolutionaries who stray with rifles in their hands. They align some people, kick someone off something. Gizems lover presents me a pencil that he takes it from his pocket. He must be known about me and so teases me. They only roar, joke with and touch each other like imitating the bear across us. Then the same man asks me about my job.
You are doing a revolution, I said, whats the importance of jobs now?
I come into collision with many people, looking into faces of most of them, but none of them are familiar. Why the people who I knew arent here? Do they still iron their socks at home?
We come near Kemalists, who take some oaths about their great ideals, after getting through Kurdish youth, who are dancing the halay and waving the Kurdistan flag. Also no familiar people are here. But what if I come across with Metin the Carom? I dont think so. He always ran away from the crowd, and he always found it as virtueless joining in majority.
Gizem says: We set up a tent in Gezi Park. Also I made a place for you. Now we are going, but you come later. Dont come now. You know!
They laugh together and leave for necking. And I step slowly alone through the crowd who is close to monument in Taksim Square. How do I feel? Like a monkey who just fell down tree on the ground for the first time. As if I will have no chance to climb up this tree again, and will have no way except keeping pace with this new environment. I try to take a breath with the fresh happiness and excitement, which this new place, new rules and new physics law gave me, and with little worries that prick my foot like a pin.
Someone comes to me. That young woman, who takes my arm during the way. She says: Where are you! Did you leave me?
Did I leave you?
Hah! Look! We prepare an interview to broadcast on Tree TV. We ask everyone this question: If your name was part of your body, which part would you choose for your name?
Will I choose a name from my organs?
Yes! Hand, arm, heart, intestine or Do you want to interview? Do you want me to call the cameraman?
Thanks, skip me, I say, I cant follow her faces changing thousand times a second.
Okay! You once gave me hope, now you are giving up it. You dishonest ass! Never show your face to me again! She says and walks away swearing.
What do I see there looking from the monument? The people created circles in different colors and turn around their circles; some of those spinning like machine wheel slowly, others fastly. A circle of prayers, a circle of dancers, photographers and other circles of organizations that take over a slogan only for themselves.
I also see some people walking around like me, they are in considerable numbers. I watch the people who walk in all the square step by step in dervish clothes; some people riding horses in knight clothes; some tasting all artistic performances for a minute, and I watch squinting people who endure in silence like me
Some people got tired so early and now set up their tents with their last energies. Half of the crowd goes to their homes. Balkan music is being played with trumpet and drums over there at entrance of subway. Listeners, who hardly keep their balance by the sleepy eyes, are cluster around the music group. Some people still bring me something. A pillow, thin cover, cushion and earplugs. Are these ear plugs? Millions of ear plugs that are plundered from medical shops for who want to sleep despite the noise!
I lie down the grass in front of the monument. I look at the stars with no sheet on me. An accordion is being played the song of Mahnovscina. I touch on my eyelids with my cold fingers not to let them close. All those people struggle that much, but none of stars even winks at them. Why doesnt the sky accompany those people even this time? Nobody listens to each other in this universe.

Fourth day

It is not in giving life but in risking life that human is raised above the animal, so that is why superiority has been accorded in humanity not to the sex that gives birth but to that which kills. 

Simone de Beauvoir 

Cheerful and heavenly words I wake up with a clean voice of a woman who recites the azan without microphone. What do I see as soon as I open my eyes? Very small balls that covered me. And the hot sun lightens my face through the gapes where these balls cant get in touch each other. Not only my face, there are hundreds of balls covered my all body A breathtaking heaviness, like an incubus, falls down me. These are not balls. Full of apples smell here.
Now Im dead and they glutted my grave with apples instead of soil? When I stand up, all apples fall down one by one.
I hear the whispering of a sneak. A long sneak coiled the monument on the square, and now she is sticking its moving head out the hole of revolutionists flags and looking at me. Or at someone else Whom? When I turn my head, I am punched with an apple! Who? There are millions of people around. Which of them did throw it?
Everywhere is full of apples on the Taksim square, in every hole of Taksim. Children are wallowing in the apples. I take an apple and bite it. It doesnt smell like soil, but it tastes good. Another apple my head is punched with. I look around, but cannot find who is.
They say that all marketplaces were plundered last night and some took all apples into here. What brighten these apples that much are spits of carriers, they say also.
And another apple is on my head, but this time I caught who throws me. A chimpanzee clothed with Indian dress! As soon as he sees me, he is being afraid of me and runs away, mingles in with his close relatives and lets the expensive flowers fly between apples. The flowers are also brightened like they are stolen away from the flower shops, with special liquids on them.
When I stand up, I see all people dug all pavements and roads. While I was asleep, they brought soil everywhere and now plant trees. They turn this big Taksim into a flower garden in a shape of revolution writing.
Weather, how can I say The clouds move faster than usual, the sun also doesnt hide itself that much. Only the rainbow is not here. So, the children become a rainbow, walking around with colorful and long bands tied sticks in their hands.
Whoever I see, they only eat apple. Some also find salt to eat apple with, and some extract apple juice to put on their skins. I take two steps toward the subway, am afraid of stepping on apples. I see cats pissing on the flowers. I count seven or eight bird coops on roofs of old buildings.
No any honks, no smell of smoke, no uniformed people, no animals who have to carry her wounds, no soap, no mud. Istanbul that lost its bearings and got rid of truck dampers For the first time Istanbul fits on photos.
If we unite, everything is possible! A drunken says who just sobered up. But no one repeats him this time.
I take step three or four more steps and walk toward Gezi Park. It seems that nobody goes for work. Or they just quit or anyway they are all jobless. They plant tomato, plow the soil, eat almond. One of them wants me to dig a long piece of wood into the ground. I do what she wants, while she deals with the root, I just hold the wood. So, she feels how I am so bored of this work, and looks at me implicatively, You got really tired, thank you very much. Now you can leave, she says.
I walk into Gezi Park. A couple of animal heads are seen right beside every tree. About a hundred of young gathered a corner in the park and discuss about something feverishly. I go further, everyone sits on the heels on ground. A young man shouts standing:
My friends, we are in the middle of revolution. But last night we had a very disappointing event. This morning, we woke up with the news of our four friends who committed suicide. The aim of this forum is talking about these deaths, understand the cases of our friends who left us, and avoid these kinds of losses. Our friend, seventeen year old, Melek left a letter before she killed herself last night. Now I want to read the last part of it, that was found in her palm:
The moon just judged me. You saw many things as much as your grandpa could see. Arent you shame of yourself? Said the Moon to me. I am afraid to see more than this. Will I betray you if I fall asleep just there?
The young man folds the letter, puts in his pocket and sits on the ground like others. And I go closer then, all happenings sound interesting. I look at people: Nobody is familiar here. Or I havent got known anyone in Istanbul so far. Now a middle aged woman, who has sociologist looking with her small glasses, stands up, speak clearly with no yelling:
Why did Melek die? Why did those young ones die while living the best days of Istanbul? So, there is a big problem that we underestimated. We have problems in our behaviors. In every loss, not the late, but the rest of people are guilty. I mean the guilty of last night are we. We occupied here after the march, made here really fine, but we have forgotten something is very important. We didnt see our friends, who tried to hold us with their fingerless hands. We left them alone. As a community, we casted them out of us. So, I offer you to examine and investigate deeply in social aspect.
The woman sits down and clears her glasses, coughs gently as if getting the man, who is her across, blood up. Now this man stands up, maybe he is sixty years old. He says: Comrades! Firstly, I call for a moment of silence to mark our late four comrades.
Everyone stands up; I am still on my legs, keep silent. Who hears this call just stand on where they are. But a spot A claret red spot on my eyes A claret red blouse I hardly choose among the standing people A young woman with red hair on her back She doesnt stand up, just sits cross-legged. The people look at her, dont open their mouth due to respect to the late, but they snort and judge this girl on their heads.
As a moment of silent is over and only this old man remains standing, tidies up his scarf on his neck. He speaks deliriously as a poet:
These suicides are signifies and evidences of our revolution. Comrades, the sorrow of these people we lose is the proof of our success. This is the dialectics of death. Dont be hard on yourselves and never regret of nothing.
Everyone watches the mans fingers that became yellowed because of rolling cigarettes. At the same time, they look cross-eyed at the girl who didnt stand up in a moment of silence. And this girl now only looks at me. She is just looking at me with her big brown eyes, she chooses me among tens of men. She ties her hair back to her ear and watches keeping her eyes on me.
I cant look at her anymore, feel shy and turn back to the old man. But not last a second, I look toward the red spots. Now also she turns back and bends her knees toward her belly.
Comrades! I speak to you sinners! The youth sinning for the better days! Maybe the martyrs of the future, now listen to me. On this land, those kinds of suicides were also in 1908 revolution. Poets, luminaries and public who didnt break every bone in their bodies with the dignity of revolution, they didnt keep pace with its rising soul, and so all of them were died. In the Republic Revolution the same suicides were examined. Also in the Revolution of Soviet Remember the sorrow of Mayakovski!
After the revolution, some comrades didnt take its weight and didnt shoulder the responsibility of changing something. And some didnt find what they expected before. Some people thought their mission was over and killed themselves. Because what the revolution they said were their religion, god, and worship. And these deaths yesterday The little bodies who left us These little bodies might not stand their hearts that as great as those trees The chilly twinge of the revolution that cooling blood
Now I dare and look at the scarlet-red bloused girl. Her eyes already on me! The kohl on her eyes a bit running, her face snowy, and her clothes smoky. She puts her hands on the ground and gets strength from ground, turns her eyes away from me and stands up.
But, but, but, she says with a voice like pulling my ear. Even she hasnt told a sentence yet, she speaks with a splashing voice. She takes three steps with her frilled bloomy long dress. A big and pitch black flower is on her blouse. She never opens her palms as if hiding her earrings. Also the old man cant take eyes from her, as soon as she goes on talking, he hardly put back his tongue that flying out of his mouth, and he stops speaking, lowers and sits down.
But, but, but, the bloused girl repeats three times and this time doesnt look at none of us.
But isnt that much an insolence? The twinge of the revolution! Social sore! A moment of silence! What an insolence! I didnt keep minute of silence, you all watched me! You just talk on with no information what kinds of lives our friends might have had. Isnt this the real disrespectfulness? Dont you shame of talking on the late people? You only rant irrespective of some peoples relations with death and of their contactless with life!
Why does a person suicide? Whats it to you? Who knows what they discovered about life. Which law of the life they discovered Now I am going to read you an exemplary story not to let you rant about deaths again that easily:
A news from newspaper of the Last Hour with dated 1925 just after the Republic Revolution. A young woman named Hayriye who lived in Istanbul tried to commit a suicide, but she didnt die. The newspaper made news about her, in this news they said that this woman tried to commit suicide because of her love. Hayriye read this news and sent a letter to the newspaper. I read this letter as it is:
Due to my illness, I didnt see the article about me, they showed me it. You maintained the reason of my suicide as I loved somebody. This sounds like a bit teaser. And as if also the police officers who heaped ridiculed upon me that came to take my testimony:
- Come on girl, whats for did you tried to commit suicide, tell the reason. Have no enough time for you. We are in hurry.
They said and while saying these words, they were laughing up their sleeves. For any case, it is easy to find a reason. For example, for me you just said that she loved someone and it was just this for you. But what was the real reason? So shouldnt this be understood and be found in this case? Since nobody didnt something and just found the reason, then I will tell you. So this also will be an exemplariness case for young misses and girls. Not to enjoy with my lovers, but because of being hopeless about my life, I tried to kill myself and whatever I found as a lethal substance I drank all of them.
The bloused girl folds the paper and puts down her little hands, just looks at me as if she reads what I have inside. Like honoring a debt to me and as if I gave this paper to make her read Now she stares at some unknown places, takes a step and walks away from the crowd. I turn my horny head like a horny deer and trail behind her. I take one steps and stop walking. To where?
The crowd keeps silence for a time of ten breathes, then they put another speaker forward. Do they gossip about the bloused girl or change the subject? I dont listen to them and dont think about what may happen. I take another step toward the girl. Another horny step Until the girl turned her head back like a gazelle and made my way again with her big eyes
Will you come? I cant wait for you here all day, she says, speaks so fast, and as soon as she turns me, she puts her hair back on her ear as always. Such that she has rehearsed for this looking in her all life. As if just for me
She is just ten steps away from me. How does a person walk, Im going ahead to remember that each time. Too I say and take a step, an unrepeated weak slogan shuts me up.
Too I say, now the soldiers of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk shouts, they will scratch my eyes with their flags. Then again Too I say, this girl reaches out my left hand with her right hand and pulls me toward her.
You speak so fast, your head must be full up, I say, and that evil tic on my eyelids starts again.
Are you planning to die? Why do you look at like that? She asks. Only one kissing distance between us. This is only thing that comes to my mind.
Are you a fortune teller? I say, for a moment I refrain from moving my lips not to lead her to kiss me.
I saw thousands of people like you. They were looking at just like you and had the same pulsating eye lids. I met with hundreds of people who committed suicide, she says, not my face or hands, she only looks at my eyes. Her big brown eyes, just like that black mouth which called me to the street from Demirs terrace.
Are you a psychologist? Or do you perform autopsy? Are you forensic medicine specialist? I say, while trying to hold my tongue, I always talk nonsense like that.
I am only a student who tries to overcome the fear of death just like you. To get over fastly that damned transition moment. From conscious moment to unconscious As if you remember what to do when you grab a knife! And feel like cutting yourself Then you throw up the knife at once, she says.
Yes! I feel the same thing in buses, I say, I suddenly have an itch to push the stop button. As if I will hurt someone I am not sure about really wanted to hurt or not
Yes! It likes hurting yourself. You know? Once I pushed that button and I had to get off the bus before the exact point, she says, she has a beautiful smile.
I smile also, fully understand what she means, or hope so. She has a beautiful mouth. I saw more beautiful mouths and kissed them. Now I do what I cant do in the face of others, I hide my mouth in some way.
This girl tells me something so fast: About she didnt sleep last night, loves American literature, and has some problem about her eyes. Only I can follow her lips. I remember that American people hold off from looking at each others mouths because that may mean oral sex. Or they look at lips on purpose when they interested in oral sex. I hardly move back and take one step. The girl sees what I do and pull my hand, keeps the distance between us.
I think of asking something to her not to bore her. I fell in love with many women and I felt the similar thing. In all, I broke with them in a short time and learned so early in my life that all these loves was only a passing fancy. Now is it also like that? So are these hot liquids that flowing from my feet to my chest signing it? Are all goings-on only a fad?
How you know that much things about suicide? I ask, take a step and walk toward Istiklal Street.
Did you ever hear about Nechayev? She says, comes along with me.
Nechayev? Is the Russian nihilist Nechayev? Who lived before the Soviet Revolution and was subjected to the fictions of Dostoyevsky Also who killed his friends recklessly for the revolution.
Not the Russian one. I talk about Turkish Nechayev. He is a suicide specialist. He found a school. He has a class in the name of Suicide school, she says, she must be looking for her school cart in her small pockets, her small hands searching it.
Is it something like an organization that fights against suicide? I say, I am unaware of if those kinds of organizations are found in Turkey.
No! On the contrary This school is founded for the people like you and me who cant temp to commit suicide even they want to do it, and who cant face death for the first and last split second. I dont know when it was opened. I found out it last week. But I cant find the card now. I am about to go there, would you like to come with me? She says.
I would like to, I say, what she suggests me is not important anymore. I drift with tied her invisible tail.
We walk in the Istiklal Street. All objects which fit in palms or not fit in are thrown on the Street, including the belongings of French Cultural Center. Paintings, books, photographs, luxury armchairs, ice-cream stands, blankets, guitars, tables, chairs, breads, kilograms of meat doner pieces Everything eats everything here, the people and the objects consume each other. Someone draws picture on walls, some people hand out the books they wrote. Some, who walk around with cups of coffee in their hands, some write poems of revolution on the run, some establish dialogues like Socrates, some play cards sitting around the corners, some write slogans on clothes, make banners All of the products that shops have are on the street now, all stores are being plundered like a bad example for children. They bleed shopkeepers dry, nobody feels sorry for them, just spitting on vendors faces.
How do you feel about all thats happened? I say, I mean the riot of the youth.
Feeling the life is blessed In other meaningful words: All thats happened summarizes what the life may be, and may turn into for the people who dont read books and dont watch movies. This is so beautiful, she says, and her lips that became smaller with constantly saying the word death, always smile.
So you also enjoy the life? Then why do you want to die? I say, as soon as I ask these weak questions, that anyone can ask me, I bitterly regret. She stops speaking and pulls a long face, over against this question, she takes steps carefully like a robot. Im afraid she would leave me alone here.
She suddenly stops me pulling my hand. Again she looks at my eyes, stretches her shoulder, shakes her body slowly, all her folding lines make me like ebullient. And she slaps on my face. She does it, but I feel nothing. Maybe her some nails are broken, I just feel it.
Did you feel nothing, didnt you? So also I feel nothing. As if there is no connection between my brain and my cheeks As if my stomach doesnt feel it even I eat, she says, now walks again.
How can this girl know what is in my mind? I never believed there was someone who will understand me and I sat all hopes on the after death. Moreover, I even cant understand myself. Those my wicked thoughts must be turn into a disciplined science. Thats exact that someone must be talk about what in my mind somewhere!
Life is so beautiful. I know nothing more valuable than living. Not more valuable indeed, the most valuable thing is living. But there is a sitting bull, who sometimes burns my inside and touches all my parts. I call it the Death Bull. Like you regret after overeating and something sits inside you. This is more and more severer than this. I even cant talk to this bull. But I am sure it calls me to death.
I swear I felt the same things as you, I say. But this is not a bull for me, a very big mouth. Without teeth, tongueless, cheekless, it is all just a coal black mouth.
Never say this again, it irritates me, she says, screws up her face. Walks with very quick steps, leaving me behind.
I see some beds are nailed on the walls of the old buildings where we pass by. Yes, they nailed some beds, as you know, to the walls! In which psychology did they do this? One of young men on the upstairs of the building sings our national oath and hits at the wall again and again with a five liter empty plastic bottle in his hand, makes a rhythm in his own way.
What did I say? I say, like in a mood of lover. My sentences get shorter and I cant choose the words anymore.
You said that we live the same things, think of similar things, behave in a similar way and something Never say all these again! How can you talk about similar things while in the nature nothing is similar? Well How can you talk about the same things Well
What? I say and this time I hold her arm, turn her back to me. My tic on eye lids starts again. But her hand is so warm.
Well Whats your name? I am Nar (pomegranate), she says, and smiles again with no reason.
Tunch, I say, I know I have a terrible name.
It is a terrible name, she says, Also my name is too. Nar! How can an eatable fruit be a name? I saw some people just killed themselves because of their name. Also not just for show. Hanging themselves and make their death real firmly
Now we are in front of Galatasaray High School and we cant move on further. The revolutionist groups cut in our ways, shout their slogans looking at our eyes, open flag, tease ones who dont accompany them. As soon as they let us, we can go on.
I get hungry, but I have no money and also there is no store remained in Taksim to spend money. I take cold hamburgers and cokes on the shelf that scattered around the street.
Those make me fat. Please keep them away from me! I try to lose weight, says Nar. However, she eats the half of the bread in one bite.
But you are not fat? I say, she is really not fat.
Do you think so? she asks, to show her body she is turning around herself. It is quite attracting even it is not the most athletic body Ive ever seen. I mean Her breasts seem so fresh, no needs brassieres.
You are very beautiful, I say.
Do you think I try to lose weight to be beautiful? Youre another I want to seem convincing while persuading people about suicide. Who cares a fat woman? So just for this, I want to become thin
Okay, I say, looking at her hips that become appear under her skirt while walking.
Your hands are very ugly. Very small. Like a monkey, she says. I am sure she will come to the holding of a pencil. Now she tells me the names of men who committed suicide just because having small hands.
Do we get close to that school? It would be better if I come with you later. If I want your phone number? I say, so I have courage to say this. But I havent got my cell phone. I gave everything to a poor fellow who I dont know. Now I think that on the day I decided to die, I opened many new bank accounts for many students and transferred all my money. I think so it was two million dollars. Within a ten seconds sum of money was lost, that from my fathers box forever.
But I have no mobile phone! Where do you stay? If you want, I will find you later there, she says, I dont know how many time she intimates today that she likes me. Or I suppose so.
Where do I stay? I would die instead of going to the limy walls of Demirs room and that damned house in the suburb that lost my all courage against death. I remember the picture of Demir. I am sure I lost the picture after all those actions! I get into a panic. I check under my shirt stealthily from Nar. The picture is still there and I think its colors changed.
Better if I come with you to school now. I wonder it, I say and have a suspicion if I managed to change the subject.
About Hayriye Who you talked about in the square What do you think about this? Did Hayriye really try to commit suicide just for her love? Or was she really intimate about what she told?
Do you still have doubt? Nar shouts at me, quickens her steps, Isnt what a woman told important for you? She had some trouble with life
Maybe she had hidden that she fell in love. If it was known that she tried committed suicide because of her love, imagine the social pressure on her, I say. We turn to a street from somewhere in Tunnel, where is the end of Istiklal Street.
My opinion is that: A person never commits suicide for a love. There must be another main reason for this. The love only promotes suicide, it only encourages, she says, holds my arm and takes me to another street.
My uncle killed himself because of a woman, I say. Even she heard my voice trilling, she says nothing, presses the bell of a building that already abandoned.
I think you should think of the reason why your uncle killed himself. The real reason must be quite different, I am sure. Most probably, there was no reason, she says and enters through the opening door.
I dont know how to depict inside. As if they wash the stairs with sewage instead of soap. We come to first floor, it shows that this may be a caf or bar of metal heads. There are pieces of paper remained from posters of death metal groups. The second floor is most likely full of law offices.
Now we are on the third floor. Many people wait standing here. Most of them are young people with made-up faces. But also many elder people are here. Everyone smokes, but doesnt speak. There are colorful candles around, in shape of elephant, in shape of vagina, heads of Schopenhauer and Nietzsche and almost all of them melted.
Has Nechayev come? Nar asks someone. Everyone nod their heads, keep their silence smoking. Now she takes me to nearby a door, knocks the door, opens door as no one answers and we enter inside.
The inside reminds me of a classroom from A to Z. The chairs in three lined with wooden armsets. A big chalk board is on the exact place where it should be. Ataturk portrait is upon the board and the writing of the address to the youth next to it. Maybe one missing thing is teacher desk. I sit on a chair on the right backmost. And Nar sits right in front of me. I look, there are two more people at the class.
In less than two minutes, some people start uproar and run toward the classroom, pour along the room crushingly. Not even a chair remains empty.
The teacher comes. Who I say as teacher Quite tall, has thin hair combed back and long white beard and moustache. His face also quite long and white, seems like a Slav person. He turns his back without looking anyone in the class and writes the date of today from the Gregorian calendar.
And he turns us with a single action like oppressing the class, and moves his eyes quickly to catch our eyes. I liken him to as someone. Of course! The Red Father I can swear this man is brother of Red Father. His moustache is a bit shorter and a little blacker, but mostly gray. And also he is taller and younger than that old man.
I hope you dont expect me to give you a medal for coming here to die in this beautiful revolution evening, he says, never smiles. He quickly closes his eyes that are hidden in his eye brows, and now recites a poem from Hamlet word by word:
To die, to sleep!
No more; and by a sleep to say we end
The heart-ache, and the thousand natural shocks
That flesh is heir to, 'tis a consummation
Devoutly to be wishd. To die, to sleep; 
To sleep, perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub;
For in that sleep of death what dreams may come,
When we have shuffled off this mortal coil,
Must give us pause: there's the respect
That makes calamity of so long life;
For who would bear the whips and scorns of time?

As soon as this man that called Nechayev stops speaking, the two middle-aged women on the front start applauding him. When Nechayev heard this, he opens his eyes and angrily goes close to these women, Ah, you applauded, he says and continues:
You like poems Congratulations, it is a nice thing of being a poem lover. But I dont like people who applaud for everything. I gave up hope for that kind people long time ago. Could you please leave my class unfazedly?
One of the women understands nothing about whats going on, another woman blushes as bursting into tears, and they leave the class looking at our faces. Nechayev folds his hands now and takes steps around. I see he has a hitch in his gitalong.
If there is someone believes in Ataturk and his revolution among you, please leave my class, he says, half of the class goes out immediately.
A boy who left the class last needles him angrily: What is your beef with Ataturk?
Nechayev shouts behind back: Not me! But you have some trouble that because you came here to die. He raises his voice to echo in this empty class, he goes behind the boy and slams the door in his face.
With that, I look at those who are next to me, then look at the curly hairs of Nar. No one can be encouraged to move their heads.
Nechayev says: If any of you believe in God, Allah, Buddha, Jesus or Lords, please get out of here. Nobody can deal with your toing and froing on death. I am not a person who believes in statistics, he says, looking for a chalk in his pockets.
From the front seat, two young boys leave the class. But me, have no idea what to do. I even cant think what to do, because of the intensive and sexually explicit scent that is pervading from Nars hair and compressing my nose. Also I believe in God But Nar God forgives me, I stay in this classroom.
Nechayev writes something on the board:
Only 1.6 of suicides in a hundred is faithless. 91.9 in a hundred are believer. 6.5 in a hundred of them are religious.
The last news is written all those in Turkey. I dont believe in that kind of statistics. So I dont like that kind people who contradict in their mind to be my student. I tried so hard with those people and failed. Please understand me, Nechayev says.
About ten students also leave the class. I count that we are six people now.
In our country, the religion mostly avoids women to commit suicide. Having looked at men, they dont care Jesus or God. Sure its not the same in the secular western societies. It is a known fact that women commit suicide just for show rather than die in the third world countries like Turkey. So I say: I have also doubt about women, Nechayev talks determined and clearly, crushing the chalk in his hand.
He turns left two steps away, looks outside and goes on talking. His voice is quite rotund, confident, and he seems as madly as can set a mosque fire suddenly.
I have a theory, friends. It seems pretty obvious what kinds of lives women have in this country. They are beaten, live like a slave. But they are still untroubled by that. After the great revolutionist Ataturk gave them right to elect and to be selected, they could come to the fore in this society by him. Just think that there is no ray of hope from women before the revolution of republic. Just as now they are. They are beaten and murdered, but they still keep silence. Because they havent individualized yet.
This is my theory that: The first stage to individuate is challenging to death. You get your due bearding the coppers in the street or committing suicide. But remember: This is not all together, it is individual challenging to death. The core meaning of equality of women and men in democracy is that: An individual courage showed against death. Why women in western have greener pastures? Because they can commit suicide, they can stand up to death individually. Because they are as individuated as dare to commit suicides. The first condition of democracy: Taking the risk of death!
What Nechayev told just go in at my one ear and out at the other, because a cold wind here blows my ears. A strong, dense wind only blows for me It is a wind of terror that the girl in front of me blows, riddles all my states of my mind with holes. Every time Nar puts back her hair and my eyes close randomly.
The voice of a smack is heard from front seat! Nechayev slapped in the face of a woman. Rest of us like a dead, I even cant move, Nar just stands as still as a statue. The woman, who is slapped, is deeply embarrassed. She hides her face with the shame of exposing to man violence. She hides with the hair in her front. Nechayev slaps in her face again.
Come on bitch, stand against me! I am the cold face of fascism, I am the masculine animal of the male! Nechayev is roaring!
Nechayev attacks her like a Bengal tiger that claws hold of an antelope. A woman from the back seat shouts and turns over the chair, sits distraughtly, Fascist! How can you dare to smack a woman?
No, no Nechayev gets crazy, go out of here now! I dont talk here about sisterhood or collectivism. I have nothing to do with the people who have a guilty conscience easily and protect someone. What I need is not the sisterhood, it is the strong women who become individuals!
That rageful woman leaves the class after spitting in the face of Nechayev, blows her spits and swears like a trooper. She is about to pull out the door! The smacked woman looks at this cunt man through her hairs, without lifting her head.
Now Nechayev goes close to that woman, holds her shoulder kindly, lowers his voice as much as possible and says I am so sorry lady. It is how we do our interactive classes. As you would appreciate, it is really hard to die.
Since we came here in class, Nar has never looked at me even for once, she pulled the chain on me like a shit in a toilet and forgot my presence.
Now Nechayev is walking around the class, gets closer to people without speaking. And they bend their hands not to be slapped by him again. Now this man comes in front of me and straightens my body. I think what to do if he punches me. He holds my shoulder, looks into my eyes. Clenches and brings his punch on my nose, stretches. He is going to hit.
He doesnt hit, tides the collar of my shirt and touches my shoulder. He leaves me and goes for Nar. Nar watches this man unblinkingly. Like a half dead who watches the killing procedures of Azrael with great admiration If he hurts her Most probably I will get very angry and do him whatever in my mind. He holds her face with his forefinger and lifts her head gently toward himself, flashes a smile at her, son of a bitch!
Yes friends You will have this course for six weeks, Nechayev says, walking away from Nar, Every week new students will come and we will select them in a similar way as today. Sometimes I will give the class, sometimes some of important professors coming from abroad will give you the classes.
He writes weekly lesson plan with a piece of chalk. So according to plan, History of Humanity on Monday, Religion and Suicide on Tuesday, Philosophy of Death on Wednesday, Beauty and the Beast on Thursday, Mosque Trip on Friday
It sounds very interesting, doesnt it? We will have trips to mosques on Fridays. We will get dressed and perform prayers just like the society does. If you dont prefer to go to mosque, we can visit other temples. The most important thing is analyzing the connection between life and those damned holy personalities in your minds, that have potential to create them again at any time.
Nechayev gulps and points at a door, which is two steps away right of me, next to the coat hanger. This is not the door of a classroom, an old door that opens another place through this class. Nechayev tries to open it, but it is locked.
The door is locked because you havent deserved to go to this room yet. If you understand that you have no place to live in this world at the end of this class, we will take you from this door to another room, the suicide room. You will learn only one lesson there: What is the best method for your suicide? I mean friends The day you enter this room, after giving the last suicide lesson, you will get rid of this damned world and its shits. At another exit door of this room a coffin will be waiting for you. I mean when you enter from this door, you will not go out with your conscious. If you any question, please ask me now.
Mr. says the smacked woman, she must be taken courage, so she combs her hair back. Nechayev goes close her and smiles. Will you offer any sources to read? Which books do we need to read, she says.
Hmm, does Nechayev and wrings his hands, You will have all information about suicide in the lessons. If you decided to die, you will not need to read any book. No book can teach you to die. Even I cant. So this is the only thing that I could offer you: Talk to death. You will start talking to your own deaths.
I ask Nechayev what if we gave up taking lessons, with a shrewishly voice, because of his relation with Nar. However, Nar still pretends to not to hear me.
We dont deforce anyone here. This is a legal place and founded with necessary legal permission from the competent authority. If you have no further questions, it is enough for today. You can go out.

Fifth day

If you so desire Live! If not, you may return to the place where you came. Many times you have got blood drawn in order to relieve headaches. You have had veins cut for the purpose of reducing your weight. If you would pierce your heart, a gaping wound is not necessary  a lancet will open the way to that great freedom, and tranquility can be purchased at the cost of a pin-prick.

					Seneca

From the mountain which I lean back, some food odor comes. Why are you angry at me, Nar? Do you suppose to kill me with your little hands? Do you have to use your lips to eat me?
Finally I wake up! The first thing I can see is a piece of pink tent canvas. I am alone in a double tent. But there is another sleeping-bag next to me. Who was it? May it be Nar? If she was, I would feel the apple smell of her hair to the hilt. 
Nar has never remembered me once since the last lesson we had! At the end of the lesson, I saw her following psychopath Nechayev. Is she girlfriend of this disgusting man? I try not to think of it. Can she be that much dull even she will die soon?
I hear a ding-dong. The crowd shouts outside as Here goes! Hurrah! A familiar head enters into the tent. My sister Gizem Yes, she was the one who slept next to me in the tent. I was looking for a lonely tree to have a shit last night when Gizem found me.
Wake up, wake up! You should see this! She says, her mouth opens as wide as the tent.
Where from this chime voice coming? I say, feeling all my bones ache.
Its what I try to say! We made a giant bell, for Christian friends, she says, throws a handful grass on me.
I get out of the tent. I am still in Gezi Park. All around is overcrowded with animals. The ribboned frogs, the baby elephants with neckties, the ring-tailed coaties rolling over continually. And beavers! A budgerigar is about to shit on me and did it I think so.
Gizem drags me away holding my arm, points at the giant bell swinging on the top of the old water house in the Taksim Square. They hang it tying with thick ropes. There is a wooden and small mosque next to my left and the bell in front of me. They forcibly reunite religions which have fought against each other for years, as if there is nothing else left to do in this world. Where did they found this high quality of clay in Istanbul?
How would I know that? Says Gizem, points at a tall man who walking around like a middle-age monk. This boy is Serbian. He came with the Balkan group to witness our revolution. He is very cool. So this boy completed the bell. He is a dab hand.
Or your new boyfriend? I say, dont care what happened to other one.
No! What gave you that idea? I cant take on any man. Anyway I hardly got free from the other. All of them always boring, even the revolution happened or all hell broke loose.
Yeah, yeah, I say, stretch my body putting my hands on my waist, feeling so tired like I am beaten by this bell.
Nothing like the family. I miss my mother. Dont you so? Asks Gizem, checks her mobile phone for messages. Milk pudding lover my mother and my father always in rush carrying little leather bag in his arm pit. And, what about my monkey Kardash?
No, no, I only admit that I missed Nar to myself. But yesterday I saw that it is not possible. I am not of her elements. I dont know what makes me said this, but I am sure, since I saw the relationship between her and Nechayev. I should make up all those bullshits, Suicide School, Nechayev and Nar as soon as possible! Especially at this time, when I have no time to go on living
I talked to our parents yesterday. They missed so much. Why dont you call them? Asks Gizem.
I have no mobile phone!
Did you get lost it? Take my phone and call them. My mother only asked for you, she says and calls the number.
When she said mother, Nar comes to my mind again. Her apple smelling red hair And the lesson I got late for it.
Come on, talk to her, says Gizem. But I wave her, run away like losing my mind. If I go through Istiklal Street, I wont arrive on time. Everyone around talks about the brotherhood of three big football teams followings. Slogans, songs, unfurling the colorful flags.
Now I am running toward the Algerian street. Walls of buildings are painted with graffities and poems. Washing machine, antiques, big or small and old mirrors, sewing machines, graders, refrigerators and cars, all turned down in these narrow streets. I jump over them and ricochet across all these.
I arrive at the door of the Suicide School. While I move to push the button, Nar opens the door. As soon as she saw me, she opens her arms. Again the same smell of her As always it happens. She hugs me as tight as folding her hands on my back. My ears get smaller, and my chicks become swollen, my eyelids cant close my eyes.
I thought you will never come back again, Tunch, she says and starts crying. Why is she crying? Did someone die? Or did Nechayev peg out?
Ugh! What a cry-baby I am! I easily move to tears in such moods, cant help it, she says.
As she touches me with her warm hands, I feel that the hot liquid pumping from my feet to my chest and gets out of my mouth. I dont ask In which moods do you cry? to let us live this moment.
Come on, the lesson is about to start. Lets go, she says, holds my hand and grabs my fingers tightly.
We enter the classroom. It is too crowded inside and noisy. As if its not a suicide school today, but a high school where students pop their spots on desks. Nechayev hasnt come yet. I sit on the same place taking steps quickly, the backmost chair on the right. And Nar is in front of me again.
Except us, only the woman who was smacked yesterday came back for the class. She just waits with a very big notebook and pencils of every color. All others are men. Also all of them are about in age of puberty. They only make noise with pulling the desks.
The ponytailed boy in the front desk shouts at the fat boy, who sits on the left backmost desk: Why are you taking this class, buddy?
They said the cock is here. Fuck knows, he says, playing on his phone.
What he calls as cock must be Nechayev. The reaction of Nar makes me think so. She looks at this boy angrily, the liquids squirting out of her nose, and just like yesterday, she forgot my presence here. Shes never turned and looked at me for once. As if not her, but Nechayev held my hands shortly before. I feel irritated when thinking of the white hairs of Nechayev touched my body. Nar again sopped her in apple juice. Does she put her hair in a bucket full of apple juice every morning? I become stuffy and again my eyes close.
Nechayev comes to the classroom with slow steps. This time he wears an eyeglass and dresses in fashion of 19th century. A gray-black jacket and the same color trousers. He conceals his shirt under a vest. In his pocket his watch
Welcome the youth! Its nothing personal but I have to ask. If any of you believe in any of religion, please get out now.
It is interesting that nobody went away the class. Or did all of them put a hold on their religions because of exposing to the intense smell of Nar? I looks at the young men as jealous as trembling my elbows. I look over them one by one to find my rivals, who are in love with Nar as mad as forgetting the God.
Nechayev takes off his glasses and writing something on the chalky board. A second later, he turns back. He looks at the young men one by one, get astonished.
Doesnt anyone believe? Faithless youth, ha?" He says, forces a smile.
A boy, with short hair and scarce beard from the front seats, now stands up and raises up his trilly voice:
Thank Allah! I am a Muslim, he says, but
Whats but? If you believe, get out of here.
But I am here for my father, not for me. My father needs to die as soon as possible, but he cant die in any way. So maybe this lesson may help him.
The youth start laughing. Nechayev wears his glasses again and goes close to the boy:
I wonder why your father doesnt come here.
He cant come here. He isnt in a position to come.
He is bedridden, even cant go to have a shit, a boy across me laughs. Another boy next to him hits his nape.
Nechayev makes his voice stronger: Is your father bedridden?
He is not that How to say He cant come Because of political problems.
Friends, Nechayev says, The political differences are not important in this class. The death unites all of us together and the death makes us free, the death equalizes the people that have never been before. The death in the proper meaning of the word means the real democracy.
Its not so my teacher Not so, the same boy says, barely keeps his countenance.
From the back seats someone says: Mr.! His father is a minister. The minister of this asshole government!
Is minister? Nechayev surprises, So is there a son of the minister among us? Which one? What does your father minister to?
Minister to your mother. Ass head! Someone says it and all of the class burst into laughs. Even I cant help myself laughing. Nar, who has already forgotten me, turns back to punish my little smile, and knits her eyebrows.
I didnt get it? Who told it? What did you say? Asks Nechayev, runs and comes next to me. I think Nar will spy on one who said it, lifts her hand at once. Just then the boy talks, whom father is minister:
Mr., the revolution is happening. So my father is aware of it and wants to die. You know what I mean, the boy sits down.
A class full of political satire! Nechayev doesnt get angry, walks toward the board thoughtfully. While he thinks of something to talk, one of the young men labels a sticker on his seat of trousers. It is written on the sticker with capitalized and red letter Bastard of Government!
What was that? Shouts Nechayev, shows his childish and surprised face that we have never seen before like this, his eyes shines like dotard men.
The boy who attached the sticker, in a calm voice, There was a beetle on your back, maybe a scorpion. Dont be afraid, I killed it, he says.
Laughing is as so sonorous as it can cut my nose. About fifteen boys agreed together to come here and to make Nechayev angry, also to sicken him, it is clear. I count the beats of Nar on her neck, because of the stress. She takes it as swear whatever they revile against Nechayev. Her eraser-scented hair congests in my nose and in my eyes.
Well I think we laughed enough and now I start the lesson. Read what I write on the board, he says. It is written on the board:
Metabolism ---> Diet system
Reproduction ---> Relationship
Physical comfort ---> Residence
Security ---> Protection and Defense
Movement ---> Activity and communication systems
Growth ---> Education
Health ---> Hygiene

A famous anthropologist wrote this chart. When we look at these dualisms and think with a bit cooler heads, we see the humanity remained unchanged through history. Always the same problems the people deal with. On the first line natural and basic needs of human. And on the other line the cultures that people made for meeting these needs For example relationships, that were created to control the reproduction that humanity inherited from animals. Isnt it the same as today? The reproduction still needs families. Even in the western, people still marry and continues families, kinships.
Well Mr. Teacher, where is the bang-bang in this chart? The boy wearing glasses says who sits behind, in the middle-Anatolian accent. All class burst into laughs. The laughing is not enough, someone slaps on the armsets of the chair. Only the teacher and Nar dont smile. Anyway, no one care about what I do.
We have also ladies here in this class. Please use your tongue cautiously, says Nechayev. As if he didnt slap the lady in the front last lesson.
So it is He is right. There is no bang-bang here! A serious problem is here! Hey Mr. turn your hand to this problem! The tall young boy says who sits in front of the boy wearing glasses. He draws something in his own palm with a pencil.
Listen young man, didnt your parents fucked to born a sledge head like you? says Nechayev, raises his hands that trembling with anger, he cant control his tongue that sticks his moustache anymore, gets flurried.
But my teacher. The reproduction and another job that you talk about are different. Friends talk about the swinish and fantastic pleasure that two people have together, another teenager voice talks.
Yes! Fantastic pleasures, fantastic pleasures, two or three of them repeat it.
Yes! Fantastic pleasures, hot, swinish! The fat boy wearing glasses repeats it again. While he talks, he sways like tumbler toy in his chair.
Okay, okay, we get it, says Nechayev, looking for somewhere in front of him to put his hand, but he cant find. On the third line Physical comfort also involves what you talk about. But its not the main problem we should deal with. While you only think about sexual intercourse, you cant get ready to die, can you?
We want to die while having sex Mr.! No love, no death! Maybe fifteen voices all together say in chorus.
No love, no death! Tell us the love! The same fat boy wearing glasses repeats it in the backmost.
This time, Nar cant help herself and jumps to her feet, shouts with her hysterical voice that shuts up all these teenagers: It is too bad, there is still someone cant realize that to die needs a brain. Idiots! Our teacher wants to speak of another thing!
Also I want to shout at her to realize me. They grumble with the voices of Ov, ov! Then stop speaking one by one.
Now Nechayev is writing ? ---> Suicide on the bottom of the list. What do you think, he says and coughs once, For which natural needs to meet, people commit suicide?
One of the same boys answers: Maybe people cant satisfy all these needs that you wrote, so they commit suicide? Why not?
Smartly But I dont think the suicide arises from a deficiency. I mean the people may commit suicide because of surplus. So tell me something for filling the question mark, says Nechayev, comes next to me again with long steps.
Belt! one says. They laugh together.
Whats the belt, man? says Nechayev, smirks. Just like yesterday, he holds on my shoulder, looks into my eyes and clenches, and stretches his arm as hitting me.
Teacher, I think with the invention of the belt, people began to tighten themselves unnecessarily. Why do they belt just not to show their ass? Just let it go It is a boring thing, I dont use it, the same voice says. Someone laughs, someone swears at this boy.
Nechayev targets my nose with his clench. I think of what to do if he wants to hit me. I am more active than him, so if I give reaction before he hit me, he will hit the wall behind me.
Watch! Another teenager says.
Any other guess? Asks Nechayev, same as before, he leaves me and goes closer to Nar, just like a programmed robot applying the same procedure. He lifts her smooth and lily white chin with his forefinger.
Monogamy! One says and continues, In the beginning they had sex with each other, after a while, they became monogamy. This is so boring. Id rather sleep with different colors of various size tubes than a same person in all my life! Hahaha!
While everyone laughs together, the fat boy wearing glasses says Exhaust!
Exhaust? Nechayev gulps and nobody smiles.
Exhaust? Someone comes to my mind now. A middle-aged man who was obsessed with us because of playing football, used to haunt us one by one hiding in entrance of streets, and who used to kick the hell out of us when he caught. One day I stole some mince from home to revenge on him, and put all mince into his Renault 12 cars exhaust.
Now I worry about Nar if Nechayev will slap into her face this time. But he walks away and takes a step slowly toward the board, you are joker, enterprising, smart All of these make you involved in the statistics of suicide. According to a research made in Turkey that the sixteen percent of the young people who committed suicide are joker, colorful and outgoing, he says.
Nar stands up silently after him, with her small hands, gently she takes the sticker Bastard of Government on his ass. She still defends the honor of Nechayev. After the glassed boy on the back sighs as what will happeeeennn then, Nechayev starts speaking:
I think God, he says, There are many anthropological studies about that people started to commit suicide after believing in God.
He erases the question mark on the board and changes it into God---Suicide. And this time he walks between desks and goes closer to the fat boy in the back. He grabs his glasses suddenly. The boy shouts give my glasses! but he doesnt care about him, he tries it on his eyes and doesnt like it, gives back to him.
Then he takes two steps toward the board, while he takes the third one, the tall boy leans down secretly, holds his ankle to pull him down. Nechayev falls down, rolling over like a tire, and licks the dust at the bottom of the board.
Except Nar, everyone laughs like a mad, even this smacked woman. The fat and glassed boy wears his glasses quickly and shouts: You Mr. shouldnt have written God on the board instead of Allah!
The one from the front seats, Look at this teacher, fuck it. He rolled like Sonic, the man run into the wall! It is shameful! If I were you, I would jump off the window, says.
Nechayev knows his charisma fell from grace, now stands up and puts his watch again that dropped out of his pocket. He checks his unbroken glasses and says The donatists
The fat glassed boy shouts Tomatoists? And the class laughs at him again.
Donatists, emphasizes Nechayev, The Donatists were a Christian sect who lived in the middle ages. They legalized the violence, killed the people who didnt believe in their religion, slaughtered. They were a group of faithful people that terrorizes the North Africa. Just as Al Qaeda, ISIS today. They had disagreement with churches in the beginning of Christianity. As you know, the people are sinner. The sinner ancestry inherited from Adam and Eve. So, how the humanity will clear and justify themselves? The church said: We will forgive the people, forgive their sins, baptize, and make them swear to give up.
But this was not possible according to the Donatists. The suicide was the only way to be forgiven. The people will never be forgiven in this sinner world. If the person dies, he will close to the holy beauty of God, will have the beatitude, so get cleared. Sure the church didnt let this happen anymore, slaughtered all Donatists, and at last the church is accepted by people. But also we see here: A weird relation between the faith to God and committing suicide.
Teacher, teacher! The smacked young woman interrupts him, gets the pink pencil that she jammed between her teeth, outs it of her mouth, raises her finger, continues to speak when Nechayev lets her:
Last week you talked about the relation between democracy and suicide. So you said the one who commits suicide is sort of a democrat.
You confused, says Nechayev. The woman feels it like another cursory slap in her face, gets ready for writing what the teacher says on his notebook.
Last week I said that: As a personally, to commit suicide brings the democracy and vice versa. The suicide that committed forceful is a murder not a suicide. Here, in our eastern provinces, little girls commit suicide because of they are married by main force. For my opinion, they are not suicides, but a crime. To commit suicide is a personal decision. The subject of a personal relationship between death and live, a personal case.
This is not usual in our land. But we have it in our literature: We read literary works about existence problems of people who are slightly towner, having a certain education level. But its quite rare in our society. In our culture, death has always been a crowded event. We die raising to the bait, and die getting each others blood up. Not personally. Such as those young people who ridicule and humiliate me. They fool themselves making a revolution.
Teacher! We take the risk of death for good days in the future! We were killed and died fighting against fascists like you, one says.
You died, yes, but how? You just relied on your crowd, convinced each other casually, made your blood up and just died. But why not one by one? Just before these movements, before the people went out, didnt this government exist? It did! But you, didnt take the risk of death one by one. You went out on the street all together. Not one by one
If we unite, everything is possible! The fat glassed boy shouts. Before he stops, all others start shouting and they go on until shut Nechayev up.
And Nechayev stops speaking, leans on the window and looks out. When the teens get tired, he starts to talk again: You see? So, you are not worth a shit.
Buddy, are you Nechayev or what! We didnt afraid of the coppers, so arent afraid of you. Dont make me angry! I will put this board with your ass together ha! The tall boy says.
I am not like that policemen who are yes-men, young boy. Come here, says Nechayev and stays in front of the window.
The tall boy clenches, stands up angrily and runs toward him like crazy, Fuck your beard and moustache, he says, kicks at Nechayev.
Nechayev moves one step right and as he grabs the boys foot, throws him out of the window with one action. The boy fell on the ground from third floor.
Shoulder to shoulder against fascism! The fat boy shouts. The youth attacks at Nechayev in order. I stay put, bite my nails with thrilling. The smacked woman takes the pieces of the pencil out of her mouth. Nar even doesnt move her finger, just excretes her apple scent through my nose.
Nechayev beats the boys so badly. Some loses their eyes, some breaks their feet. The fat glassed boy swears at Nechayev and climbs behind him, others scratch his sleeves, and other ones try to rip his beards. However they cant knock over him, moreover he smacks half of them down.
The fat boy says: He is as strong as an ox, fuck it. I am running away.
He disappears as he opens the door. The boys on ground are moaning, swearing and barely leaving the class.
On this time Nar stands up, flips her hair that congested my two nostrils, smiles at me looking into my eyes, holds my hand with her warm hands and gets me out of the class.
We go down the ladders at full speed and go out the street. About a hundred people gathered and shout slogans, they say that they will bust the class and hang Nechayev.
Now we climb up some ladders toward the Galatasaray Bath. I get out of breath, hold Nars hand with my sweaty hand. We go parallel to Istiklal Street. As soon as putting the class out of my mind, at last I could ask the question that has burns my brain since yesterday:
Why do you so close this man? Is Nechayev your boyfriend?
Boyfriend? Hmm Its not the proper word for him! More than a boyfriend, he is everything of me, she says, smiles so brighteyedly.
So, do you sleep together? I say, get jealous like crazy as the society provided this role for me. My head is so aching. And I cant hide any question in my mind anymore, with this headache.
So, do you sleep with him?
Its none of your business! Whats it to you! You went too far, Tunch! If I tell you what I have lived with him, how can you understand it? You are just an idiot! You are a child born yesterday. Who do you think you are in my life? Moreover you question me, look at you!
I like you. I want you Nar! I talk with parts of my body, not with my mouth anymore.
Really? She says and stops suddenly. Why did she let go my hand at once? Also she doesnt look at my eyes, looks at my eye brows. Or somewhere more further. Yes, she is embarrassed!
I think so I say.
What do you think so?
I love you I say, I am surprised by saying this, and try to think why the forceps in my mind let me doing this.
Really?
Yes!
So This is fantastic So lets celebrate it! She says and shouts with her voice that became hysteric suddenly. She lets herself go downhill, also rolls up me like a tire down the street. Where? I shout, get out of breath while running.
I will buy you something. A very special desert. I just discovered it, she says, her white face just blooms.
Is there any open market around? I really wonder what she will buy me and especially what will happen after this, I drift with her. We roll over the steep toward Tophane.
Its very delicious. You will love it, she says and stops as soon as arriving the long street along the coast, But the markets are closed! She shouts.
All markets are really closed and plundered. We run around, cant find any place even to take bread.
Mate! Someone shouts. At us? About fifty young men swing the big bats in their hands. The man in front of them says, Fucking plunderers! Wait!
They are telling us and come closer with the big bats in their hands. I shout at Nar, Run! But she doesnt move, just waits knowing what to do. This pro-government youth of Tophane come to lynch us all together, they will revenge all goings-on from us. I shout, but Nar just stays there, faces with something on her own. I cant stand anymore, pull her from her arm and this time I drift away her.
We run toward the coast. They follow behind us, swearing, hitting the shutters with the bats in their hand and rub them against the ground. I feel like my heart is going to fall into my hand, if I will do something wrong. Now I am running as fast as possible to think about living with no breath. Nar comes along with me, without letting go of my sweat hand.
I go ahead fast toward somewhere at the end of the street. We came into a very old building. I closed the door. There is nobody inside. We see into a tea house, but it is also closed. We climb up the ladders. Tens of nerve-wracking doors on the first floor
Outcryings are heard from some doors, and some doors remained open and some are barred. We climb up slipping on the marble ladders, stumbling on. Second, third, fourth floor. Nar is all in a sweat, also all my body fluids overflow out of my mouth.
I feel my lungs are tickled, maybe because of feeling this excitement with this woman I fell in love, or maybe because of fearing. We came to the last floor of the building, and slumped down to the last ladders.
It is so quite here. There is even no fly. The rooms and flats seem abandoned, maybe their doors are as old as this building. These unplastered walls must be hiding the oldest genies of Istanbul inside. I follow the bands of the marble ladders that I wet.
As soon as realizing that I can take a breath again, some questions are being obsessed in my mind. All those Ive lived in few days are fated? I continuously look for a clue. Should I have joined the rebellion of this youth to die? Was Nar sent for coming along with me on that cursed way of death? Why is this Istanbul, where I have always lived with a heavy heart, becoming so entertaining and cheerful for me now? At the very time the death starts to draw the lines of my weak body that much sharply
She lifts up her flowered red shirt and pulls my mind out of my eyes, mopping her face. I just leave the drops of my sweat that filled my eyeholes and watch the tits of Nar that appear under her bra.
She notices it right away. Never talks, even doesnt look into my eyes, and stands me up holding my hands. While I stand on the last ladder, she can reach me up. She just looks over me or not, now closes her eyes.
While I think of if she will kiss me She kissed me with no licking. I kiss her also with no shame of the smell of my sweat.
She opens her eyes and just looks over my face, then at my erected penis. She touches on my clammy shirt with her palms that are as hot as boiling her own sweat, leans her knees on the ladder and bends over.
 She is doing it. As soon as unzipping, she takes it into her small hands, setting me fire. I am inside her mouth that became a narrow valley. I have nothing to say. Only my chin is trembling.
I cant say stop or enough Anyway, whats enough in this life? My filthy breath, that is blown through a twenty-eight-years-old tube, is the only thing that impresses the sounds coming Nars lips. The magic scent of her hair sticks on the walls. Some doors are being opened in the building and some being closed, I can hear them one by one. While my eyes are closed, I am sure some other couples of eyes watch us, but I dont care.
What does Nar care the most in this world now? Her fingers are on my knees. What is she think of? Her mouth tightens, her lips are stretched tight, she holds me very tightly, and even her eyes arent trembling.
Now I look outside through this old window, watch buildings on the hills of Istanbul like piles of rubbish. Now even all these seem nice. Also this gravity is nice, that pastes me on these marble ladders bruising my feet! Gray clouds, rusty railings and even the fascists with the bats in their hands outside are nice. But above all, Nar is the most beautiful And looking into my eyes with her big eyes in front of me, slapping my face with her small hands. I even cant say Slap into my face, not to fade this beauty.
I pull over her shoulder. She stands, stretches her waist and pulls me back in force. I lie at full length on the chilly marble ground where the ladders end. She takes off her shirt and bra, holds my sweaty wrists to put on her boobs. Her makeup running on my shirt. I forgot my name again.
She lifts her skirt, claws something off, targets somewhere. She hides me behind a very secret door, leans me back to some fortification walls that are getting hot with artillery shootings. I forgot the name of our company, the smell of money and even the face of my uncle
Nar hots up pushing on my chest. My eyes are closing. She puts her eyes on my face. I am melting on the marble ladders. She gets faster, presses on my nipples with her nails. I fist her boobs and smash them. She tightens up her hips and I all leave my arms on the ice ground. I am biting the dust, boiling away on the cold marble ground.
I dont remember I have ejaculate that much early before. And my arms have tensed that much, getting my knees that much numb. Have I ever consumed that much oxygen in this life?
Nar still goes on, gets crazy forgetting my presence. She touches my face with her two hands, pinches my cheeks, squints, bounces on me, hitting my rib on the ground, flings her hair back, puts her one hand on my knee and another hand on my chest, locking in something on me. Now she puts her hair on me, taking off my shirt, scratching my chest.
What the fuck! Fuck off! Bastard! She shouts!
What did happen? She found the picture that I pushed into my trousers, then gets off me.
You asshole, a very big asshole!
This picture
What kind of a pervert you are! Who is this? She yells.
My uncles What was my uncles name?
She doesnt listen to me, tears the picture, climbing down the ladders half-naked, goes away with a lot of swearing that Ive never expected to hear them from her, throwing the pieces of picture, fuck this shit life! She shouts.
I run toward stairway, This picture is my uncles His girlfriend... It is too hard for me to express the propositional phrases in this situation.
An old lady catches me as my erected penis is popping out of my zipper. She stares at me and also spits on me, now runs away, screams in the hallway. I just go down after Nar, without tidying my clothes.
Wait, please wait! You misunderstood! You very misunderstood!
Nar has already gone! She left a very angry wind that is flapping the pieces of picture around. I pick up all of them one by one. Dear Demir and his inheritance picture Should I be happy to find the pieces of picture or to meet with a new life that shows itself in the small hands of Nar? I have never got dumped by anyone in my life!
Well, am I happy? I am as happy as a stopped watch is. So, who said that we have to be happy in our lives?

Sixth day

There is nothing but perspectives.

Nietzsche

I am on a small boat that comes close to Kabatas port. Nechayev holds on my shoulder and shakes me back and forth. Is he beating or smacking? I feel nothing.
I wake up shakingly. Some giant machines shaped like a mole must be moved in deep down of earth!
The same tent, the same sleeping bag. The pink cloth of the tent changes into different colors with the sunlight. I get it is midday instinctively. Everything seems stable except my body that shakes. Even the wind doesnt blow today, I dont hear any rustling of leaf. And the same smells The apple aroma of eraser scents from Nars hair
I turn my right, I see a girl with scarlet hair is sleeping in other sleeping bag. Nar? I shout excitedly. Her face is closed by her hair, the same scent, approximately in the same height. Nar! She wakes up.
Who is Nar? Whats happening here? Shouts and jumps out of her sleeping bag. She is not Nar.
Who are you? Or, did we make something with you last night? I say, get spooked on my own, get angry unnecessarily.
Of course not! Idiot! You slept it off here in my tent. So I let you stay here for the sake of humanity and didnt awake you. Idiot! All you men are really stupid! It isn't worth while! Go away! Get out of my tent!
I apologize her and still say You smell as the same, with no shame.
Stupid! Cant it be the same perfumes? Oh God! Go, go!
As soon as this girl shouts, I come to myself and feel my ears extend as long as touch to my chicks, getting out of the tent rollingly.
I hear another shaking, try to stand in balance holding on a tree. Everyone around me are nervous, all they show up their teeth, knitting their eyebrows. I try not to look at faces of people anymore. I ask a boy passing by me it is shaking, do you feel?
They are coming! With tanks, anti-riots and heavy machineries to murder us! He shouts, going away screaming.
Comrades! One shouts. Who? A young woman stands on somewhere close to the ladders of Gezi Park. Here is the house of the community. If the community doesnt want to go out of this park, nobody will force us to do so! If we are brave, we will repel the fascists. As long as keeping calm.
But sure it doesnt work! The people get into panic as they forget to take their personal goods. Some run away toward Elmadag without packing away their tent, some search for their children in the crowd. Gizem? Where is my sister Gizem? I rush around like a chicken flying from a fox, shouts as Gizem? Helplessly. Many women and children in the same name just look at me.
We have some genius people who protect us, have technology, above all we have a lion hearted community, a young man says, as if he doesnt believe in what he said. He is so trilling.
Genius? The government has already captured them. Where are the genius people now? another woman says, hands out the long barreled weapons that she took from her tent, raises her voice and continues:
Who you call genius are the slaves of big banks and intelligence agencies of government! What you call genius can be smart, but the intelligence and realizing the truth are totally different. The government has already collaborated with them who cant see the truths of the community. Moreover these poor genius people are fooled with fake stories of loving country and nation. The only genius we can trust in is Kalashnikov! Comrades, take up arms. Today is that great day!
I get more scared when I see this womans courage, but I know that I have to find Gizem as soon as possible. I walk toward the Taksim Square. Ten thousands of people around me are even afraid of talking loudly. However, the whisperings are being heard. Discouraging, annoying whisperings As if all these people believe in holy creatures and djinns in Gezi Park that protect them. The people run toward park and take the trees as a shelter. They are rolling over like tires from Istiklal, Gumussuyu and Tarlabasi to gather at the entrance of park.
Barricades are made here and everywhere with any kind of furniture that are thrown from buildings, iron shelves taken from government agencies, occupied municipality buses, trunks and wheel trims. There are young people behind the barricades smoke, control their weapons and singing revolution anthems. But Gizem in nowhere!
A helicopter above us, they shout with megaphone:
Please leave Taksim. This is the last warning: Get your homes back. Otherwise you will be repelled, if you resist then you will be dead.
As soon as the megaphone repeats this, my feet get heavier, I barely take a step to track down for Gizem in tree holes. They open fire to helicopter from all around the square. From flying helicopter, two security officers fall down toward Kazanci Slope.
This is just the beginning, we will keep fighting!
A very hoarse voice raises this slogan at first, but then all people in the park shout as the same. Even the birds repeat it in their sleep, in their own languages. In hope of taking courage also I shout. Even my trembling throat tries to block it, at least I try to make a noise and go on searching for Gizem in the park.
Tanks are coming! A child says, points at Tarlabasi with his finger to his mother. And his mother hugs him, trilling, but takes step ahead without hesitation.
But I have no idea what to do. A woman has heart attack, I drift away with the doctors going for help. They give me a blood pressure monitor to hold, compress some tablets. On the one hand I look at tanks that come, on the other hand, I watch anxious parrots who take their heads out of trees. As soon as the tanks shake the ground, animals climb up the trees, some of them attack people, and some gather pieces of wood.
Today is the victory day, today is a day to rewrite the history! A young boy shouts, tidies up the cloth of Molotov bomb and runs it toward the tanks. He dives into the gas cloud, and in some way, he fires the bomb throwing to tanks.
Many people take courage of this boy and run after him. I suppose also Gizem in this fired up crowd. In hope of finding her, or maybe Im now on fire, I am not sure, maybe because of an instinct of discovering something, of which instinct I havent getting free from, since the day I came this park with this people I run after the youth, go down to stairs as to see what goings-on at the entrance of the park.
What I see is that tens of tanks over Tarlabasi target their barrels at us. Thousands of military policemen in front of them. All young people and elders alike are running toward them, throw roses them. Some people beg them for not to let the army involve in, some hug young private soldiers, some make human chain in front of tanks. Over against the silence of the army that hasnt attack yet, one shouts: 
The army wont attack us. The army doesnt attack the community!
To answer this, someone shouts just beside me: Idiot! You are about to die, but you are still stupid. In 80s, 70s didnt this army smash this society?
A group of weird people that call themselves socialist, but at the same time Turkists as Steppe Communists shoot some flaming arrows to the policemen from balconies of buildings. Thousands of arrows draw geometrical figures with kinds of light plays at the entrance of Istiklal Street. Anti-riots and policemen occupy the Istiklal Street and come closer step by step.
The Kurdish youth, who are blacklisted as separatist terrorists, fight in the front against the police approaching from Dolmabahce. The people next to me collect anything like stone, pieces of wood, glass bottles that they can throw.
I heard sonic bomb beside me thats about to put my left ear down. Then this repeats a hundred times. Everywhere are full of gas. Nothing can be seen, cant be breathed. The sounds of automatic weapons, that I cant find the direction of where, open fire. I see some people tumble down on the ground and some run to the help of the wounded people. A woman hands over me a gas mask, I sit on the ground as leaning back on tree, I wear the mask and breathe oxygen.
And with the first signal of oxygen reaching in my brain, Nar comes to my mind. I wish the scent wind of Nar blows my forehead in the middle of this disgracefulness Where is Nar? I close my ears and only think of Nar. I should go to Suicide School!
No police no army around Even I closed my ears, I can hear a young boy who opens his arms wide:
The whiteshirts attack at the society!
Who are the whiteshirts? I stand up, I see people smashing each other. The whiteshirts, what they say, are civil community that runs toward us with kinds of knives in their hands. Two of them pull over a woman holding her two feet who fell flat on the ground to somewhere. I take two steps behind them. Another one of these Whiteshirts, with machete-wielding in his hand, scare a twelve year old girl, attempts to rape her, opening her legs.
I am about ten meters away from this. I try to get free of the hundreds of people, who are raining on me like arrows. An old man never runs away and yells those:
Resist youth! For this country! Izmir just got rescued! They also rescued Eskisehir! They saved Thrace! They surrounded the parliament building in Ankara! Fascist government is about to fall! Resist, never give up this park!
I cant see who attacks as shouting Allah Allah. I see a little pocket knife on the ground, take it and walk away from the old man, pull the short knife and clutch it.
I feel my arms strongest, like never been before. I just take one or two steps and fly over the one of the rapist whiteshirts. He waves the blade over me, but he misses the target on me. I catch his throat, try to stick the pocket knife on him, I miss him. And I try to stick again and here it is.
As the little girl runs away toward park, I look at behind her, but at this moment getting a kick to my head. They are kicking on my chest and shoulder. I dont feel the pain, but getting out of breath. They hold my feet and take me away. I am flexing my neck to protect my head from flagstones. They take me to Istiklal Street. Police are kicking my sides. They beat my face with something. I feel my eyebrow is bleeding.
Someone comes our way. The man with a gun in his hand. He opens fire on us. The policemen and fascists beside me flutter around. I just stay licking the dust in front of an anti-riot. This man with Kalashnikov in his hand, comes close to me with a gas mask on his face, and shoots at everything around us. He helps me standing up, holds my arm and barely makes me take two or three steps. Now he walks in the direction of Cihangir.
I am upon my feet. I open my eyes where the smoke cleared. I realize that Im in a narrow street heading to Istiklal. Hundreds of resisters, who carry any kinds of weapons, made barricades in the street to protect here. The man, who took me here, now takes off his gas mask. This boy The ex-boyfriend of Gizem who once humiliated me. What was his name
Where is Gizem? I say.
Who is Gizem? He asks, changes the charger of his weapon and helps a doctor. Without anesthesia, theyre suturing my eyebrow.
I feel nothing, just ask: Gizem! How fast you forgot!
Okay! You are that man who cannot hold pencil! Dont move your head, you will feel a little bit pain, be patient, he says, he doesnt remember Gizem, but knows I cant hold pencil. You will feel pain, he says but I feel only guilty.
I looked for Gizem, but could not find her. Did you see her?
Shes gone. How cant you know, she is already gone. She missed her family and flied to Frankfurt yesterday, he says, fixing my head. How can Gizem fly to? Are still there means of transportation? Ah Gizem! Ah idiot! You may be in trouble in Turkish boarders! Maybe its better this way.
So you didnt run away! Bully for you, you are a brave man! Not a sassy bourgeois like your sister! Excuse me but your sister was a holier-than-thou!
Dont say that! If she knew all those happen, she would stay I think, I say, with some family instinctives.
They finished with my eyebrow and stand me up.
How can I reach Tunnel from here? I ask to doctor, The streets that old brothels were in once!
Its not easy. You cant go there. Why the hell are you going there? The doctor asks. The young man with Kalashnikov went over the barricade and aims on somewhere.
I tell him I need to go. Whatever happens I have to go there. I need to see Nar as soon as possible. Doctor asks me to wait a minute. Then he plots the way with his finger. With the address remained in my mind Thanking him, I leave and run shuffling.
I am dragged along the narrow streets of Beyoglu and feeling dizzy. Blood is dropping from even the gutters here. Dead dogs, dead birds and even dead babies are dragged on the ground, there are blood trails, pieces of bodies on the pavements. All the buildings are turned into emergency services. The survivors operate on wounded people in cafes, bars, small offices. They throw bloody swabs and empty drug bottles out of windows. The armed revolutionist youth wait for the doors and make body search on streets.
Dont go beyond the barricade, the police occupied there, one says to me. I dont care, even dont hear the people shouting after me, I just climb up the barricade and jump over there.
This part is silence, even the pieces of body parts, that spread around here, have already dried, they pulled out all curtains in flats, and cats left their own tails.
Which street did the doctor tell me? Should I go ahead or turn left? I go ahead. There is nobody around here, but kinds of colorful liquids flowing through loopholes.
I hear some laughing mouths behind me. Come here traitor, a whiteshirt says, hits his palm with a bat in his other hand. Tens of his friends in the same clothes with him, walk up to me. I turn back, and the same type of shaved whiteshirts are here also They are coming for killing me. I cannot even take a step. They clean their knives mopping on their shirts and come close.
I find an open door on my right and think of the exact moment when I would run through this door quickly. Now! I closed the door. They kick the door like crazy, lean against the door to open. I barely climb up the ladders with great difficulty, without wondering my back. On the first floor all doors are opened. I see two thieves looking for something expensive. I go to the second floor. I only see giant rats who run through my legs here.
I cant count the floors, maybe Im on the tenth. I can hear the noises of the fascists on the downstairs. They opened the door finally, look for me on the floors. I am on the last floor of the building. I go over a big terrace, closed the door, carry whatever I find in the terrace load those behind door not to let them open it. Big umbrellas, barbecue grills, cylinder but empty gas, tiles I pulled off from the roof
I look at over my left. The magnifical scene of Bosphorus Galata tower seems as if popping out just behind the building farther I see the revolutionists are opening fire around on the balcony of the Tower. A black red flag waving on the top of the tower. I look at the Golden Horn side, Unkapani, Balat, Eyup As if all those people who run away from that goings-on to there. The calm hills with no smoke and no flag
Now I see the Historical Peninsula, fogging on the coast. The police vehicles are everywhere that hurtles on the coast road. The Kadikoy is burning! Some people throw another kind people to the sea. Uskudar is burning! It is so unclear who sets the fire! People occupied the ferries and come to save Taksim now.
There is no any soul here to save me! The Whiteshirts force the terraces door. I climb up the roof, see the building of the Suicide School, it is beyond the building across me. I take one step to cross the space between buildings and come to the roof of the other building. The Suicide School is a bit lower and it is quite distant from here.
When I look back, I only see sly smiles of the Whiteshirts who are running towards me. There are hundreds or thousands of policemen in front of the Suicide School. No matter what it costs, I have to see Nar. Whatever or whoever comes to my mind, I just pray to it, beg. My God, please let me see Nar even only for once. Not the right time to die Hey holy powers, listen me! I am jumping down.
I am sure my knee is bleeding. As I fell on the roof of building, its tiles are broken and the woods of the roof are collapsed. I see hundreds of beetles jumping on me, and fear to open my eyes again. I find my way presumably, crawling on the tiles hitting my bleeding knees. I find the attic lid, go down. Which floor am I on? I climb down the upstairs hitting the bottom of my feet on the ground, dropping the blood of my knees on the marble ladders.
Candles! I saw the candles. Finally I could reach this damned place at last. There is nobody around, but some voices are heard as going close to classroom. Someone claps shit, shit, shit out and repeats it. What the hell they do again! I go close to door, the teacher is talking. Its not the voice of Nechayev:
To commit suicide was not forbidden by the law in the time of Roma Empire.
I mop my face with my dirty arm, my bleeding wound sticks to my trousers, try to clean it. And I fear not to see Nar inside. Are my hands shaking because all day I stepped on the human blood? I cannot open the door.
But in Rome, the slaves had never been able to committed suicide. Because they were property of some Romans. When it came to the property, the suicide became something economical So for Rome people, the suicide was not a moral, but an economical action.
I got inside, didnt open the door gently. What I see inside There is another man instead of Nechayev, short, has goatee and fat This man takes off his jean. Another young man under him opens his mouth. This teacher sits on this boys mouth and tries to shit there. Four or five students clap shit shit out.
Whats hell are you doing here? I say, turn over the empty desks in the front, people are being killed right there. What kind of animals you are? People are dying and you shit each others mouths! God damn it! Damn it!
I say whatever comes to my mind, kicking at the desks. The teacher tries to take on his trousers, everyone stops talking. Nar is not here! Where is Nar? I ask to teacher, he doesnt answer me, look at others, nobody knows. I ask the woman who Nechayev smacked, she doesnt reply.
Where is Nar? I shout.
She says: They went to the suicide room.
Whats going on here! I get crazy. Nar is going to commit suicide! I try to open that damned door, but it doesnt open, the door is locked, open it I shout. The teacher holds my arm staying me back. Who knows how I get this strength from I knock down him with one movement, and then lean on the door running toward it.
I am in the suicide room! And Nar is right there. Nar! I shout. She doesnt answer me. She is in white dress, crossing her leg on the ground, tied her hair up on her head, and took a big knife in her small hands. She will commit hara-kiri that dressed as samurai! She closed her eyes, does whatever a middle-aged woman next to her says. This woman saw me, stands up, getting scared of me, and says nothing.
Nar! I shout at her, but she even doesnt open her eyes. I pull the knife in her hand. My hand cut a little, it bleeds. Now Nar looks into my eyes. Stop it!" I beg her, check her if she has a wound on her stomach, but she hasnt it.
Take something for her hand, hurry up! I shout at the woman. Nar stands up, with her bloody hands, she hugs me tightly and cries. I also hug her like putting her into me, cry like a baby. I shout at the woman again to be quick.
Why are you so scared? I was just rehearsing, says Nar. I even dont take breath, with my sweaty hands, I try to bandage her wound. Now I hold her hand in my palm.
Dont lie to me! Not today! I say, We will die another day together, but not today.
Nar holds me tight with her bandaged hands. So do I I dont cry now, try to come to my senses as soon as possible, sitting down on a chair. Everyone lost their mind in this city! I should do something, I have to make good! Because there is no one left in this city to do this!
I ask for a cigarette from the woman, who looks at me nervously. She immediately gives it and helps me to light up. Think of what to do, just turn around myself. Nar stares at me, cries having her kohl running on the ground. I cant hold the cigarette again! My damned fingers! I throw away it, step on it.
Uproar is started! Someone in the next class says: Friends get out of here, hurry up!
The woman stands and is very nervous as if waiting for me to command her. It is the voice of Nechayev. He comes close hitting the ground with his steps, opens the door and as soon as he sees me, smiles.
Welcome back young man! I was waiting for you.
For what? I say, dont be scare of his deep voice.
Just calm down Is there any water lady, please give him, he says to another woman. As soon as I drink the water she gave me, I sit on the plastic chair. Nechayev holds my shoulder, you badly injured Your knee
He takes a little pocket knife out of his jacket and cuts part of my trousers that stuck to the wound on my knee. He bandages it with using some drug and cotton that the woman holds. I have something to talk you young man, he says, and grabs another chair for himself, makes the other woman leaves the room.
The room what I talk about This suicide room is a small room just six or seven steps wide. There is a small television in the corner. The walls are painted in light blue-white tone. If it is as Nechayev told, there must be a coffin at the door waiting outside for the one who will die. They put a bed seeming quite comfortable in the room. There is no other thing taking me attention.
I didnt think much of you when the first day you came. But Nar told me about you. In the second you came, I look at you more carefully. And I understood that you are the one who I am looking for, says Nechayev, crosses his legs and smiles.
What are you looking for? What will you do with me? I say, even I try but I cannot keep calm. Nar stands up and comes beside me, hugs me, kisses on my cheek. As if all my mind goes through my teeth and freezes on her lips. Also I am kissing her, even she has blood on her hands, I can smell her eraser scented hair.
Look young man! The country is burning! You see the people on the street! They are being murdered. This wont last, they will be killed tomorrow also, next month, later and later! Until this riot is quashed, these young people will be killed! How far will this go on?
The youth have no idea and never understand it that: In this country a popular revolution has never happened and will never be happened. The Republic has never been a popular revolution! A group of youth riot with the nice utopias in their mind. They occupy the street with part of the community for better future.
But where is the other part of community? This part now united with the government against others. This is the fate of this land! Because all the government that were founded on this land, especially Turkish states, had always been founded with uniting the hostile communities together forcedly. This is two, three or the four parts of community that they would be enemies for each other, even the world is collapsed. This is still the same as in the past.
Why are you telling me all these? What can I do for? I say. Nar walks around calmly as if I didnt save her from the suicide just now, and now pours a glass of water for herself.
Listen to me young man, says Nechayev, We came to a dead end as a country. The civil war started and this will not last until the one part destroy the other part. Everywhere is already full of blood, garbage, wreckage, barbarousness, perverseness, dishonor, and characterless people. Is this Istanbul that you want to see?
I dont care Istanbul, I say, now look into eyes of Nar, who knells down beside Nechayev.
If you dont care So I can tell you something about that. Listen young boy! There will be a strong earthquake in Istanbul soon. This is not an assumption, it is the certain information. Because an organization will cause to occur it, it is an underground. I am talking about thousands of people who have been waiting for earthquake to happen naturally. Engineers, geologists, mafias, statesmen, businessmen, students, thousands of people in any kind of job you can think of.
They have planned everything. What will happen in Istanbul after earthquake? Which houses will be destroyed, how will the geography change into, how the population will decrease, which lands will be sold to whom and how? How the public housing will be organized? They planned everything. These are good people who only care about their nation and land. And also I am in the loop Also Nar
Nar? No! Nar is a member of earthquake organization? Whats that bullshit he talks! Nar turns her eyes away! Why doesnt she look into my face?
Istanbul has no other choice, young man. We have no other option except the earthquake while all these youth revolt against in that much anger, without thinking going back to their homes, and while the community who didnt protest against, screwing up in Istanbul day by day Istanbul means Turkey. This beautiful country turns pale much more, while Istanbul is disgraced and is dishonored in that way. We waited for the earthquake that has been talked for years. However this damned earthquake still hasnt occurred up to now. But we are not waiting for it anymore. Even the most famous scientists have got involved in our organization. Everything is planned, this earthquake will occur by the human.
Don't beat around the bush. Where did you put me in this plan? What will you offer me? I say.
Only one thing But its a very important thing. You will protect a thing, young man. You will hide a very important thing for this country. I have been in this plan for years and could not find any other person I would consign this important thing. Only you
So all this suicide school is just a lie. All your purpose is training someone as loyal as to die for you! I shout, I can hear the nervous breathing of Nar in my every word.
This is not a lie. Also the Suicide school is the important part of this plan. Look young man No one can train loyal person, only can find out a loyal person. The Suicide School was the only place where I can find this person, and I found the one now.
Well, what if I dont accept your offer? Will you kill me? I ask.
Kill you? I know you are going to do this like the back of my hand. You love Nar, so does she. You are both now under my protection. Whatever you want, I can give you. Money, a happy life far from here, I can give all these. Wouldnt like you to live with Nar for your whole life far from this damned place?
If there is a person to live together this in my life, this can be only Nar I try to elude my rush, and think of what this man may offer me. He talks about hiding something. What can I hide? I have no place to hide a man. Also I cant keep the money, I would disburse it. Also I cant keep formulas or very long passwords in my mind, I have memory like a fish Even I could not keep a picture of Demir, I have only pieces of it. I can only keep a word But what good is that going to do?
Look at it that you are going to hide, says Nechayev, takes something out of his pocket, a nail, a small nail He gives me it, I hold in my hand. This is so simple, ordinary nail. So am I going to hide a nail? Thats what he calls so important. Is he being sarcastic? Nechayev doesnt smile. Is something hidden in the nail? At least he could give me a pencil to hide
This nail is so important. This is the nail of the order, the nail of the world, young man. To tell in the words of Hamlet; it is the joint of the time. We get Istanbul out of joint and will not put it back until everything will be in order again. Until the time comes.
Something is written so small on the edge of the nail: D.C. What the hell is that? I remember these letters in the Red Fathers forest, on the trees. And also in the forest of Tree Youth
D.C.: Deprem Cemiyeti (The Earthquake Community), says Nechayev, This is our symbol, our community Deprem Cemiyeti (Earthquake Community)
I try to keep my poor mind that becomes so narrowed and so cornered cursedly. Also I try to remember what I have in the recent days. Nar stands up and comes close to me as if not to let me try to remember anything. She is kissing on my chick as if putting a lightning match in my ear and whispers:
You will just hide a nail. I will never leave you alone. There is nothing to be afraid of. Imagine that I will live with you forever. Imagine the places where we will go together after this is over
So why did you just want to kill yourself? I shout, my ear is burning.
I was rehearsing honey Why dont you believe me? she says, like lightening the match again in my ear, she kisses my lips. With her very soft lips, wets my brain that became as small as taking walnut shell.
You will hide this nail. Just until 8 p.m. tomorrow, Tunch. When it is 8 p.m.. You know Findikli? Come to the park in there. An old woman will come to take you from there to somewhere. In the place you will arrive, Nar and I will be waiting for you. Then you will fly away from this damned city. On the next day, you will able to read the news about the magnitude 8 earthquake in Istanbul, and then will able to cry for about millions of people dead. Thats all. You should hide this nail until the 8 p.m.
The eyes of Nechayev became so bright that he looks to come over face of a prophet, a kind of Hermes.
I will keep this from who? Who wants this nail? I ask, I even cant make a sentence while Nar is beside me.
There are many candidates to save our nation. Everyone tries to save this country on their own. Like all of them are saviors! You are not going to go back your home tonight, you will stay outside. You shouldnt sleep. If you see someone suspicious, you should run away from there. Never! Do not go that home in the suburb. Go somewhere is quiet in the city, dont get into protesters. Just talk with ordinary people. If there are open public place somewhere like bazaar, supermarkets, just go there. Shut yourself up in mosques. Just keep this nail whatever you do Tunch. If you dont want to do this for the nation, do it for who you love. If you dont want to do for yourself, just do it for the beautiful days you will live together with this girl. Just keep alive and be in the park at the time I told you, with that nail.
Nechayev doesnt give me a chance to ask him a question, he stands up overconfidently with the pleasure of giving me the information that his god gave him, and closes the door smilingly last time, goes away.
When it comes Nar She doesnt fall from my shoulder. In any case, even if she tries to do this, I will act like a monkey who catches the tail of another monkey. The intense scent of this woman surrounds me that dont let me breathing for a split second. In these rare seconds, when I can take breath, I try to question something.
For example After attempting suicide of Nar just for a show, she persistently kisses me Casting herself a wife role by the word of NechayevTurning this Suicide School into just like a church that marry us Nechayevs consecrating both of us as a churchman and preparing a future for us Pretending as fatherly as he can, even though he is a murderer and savage that tries to tear down Istanbul and ready to kill millions of people in one go
I throw away Nar with the last power hidden in my arm. I stand up and sit another chair across her. Now Nar sits on the chair that I left and lights a cigarette. While holding the cigarette, looks at her hands and says It hurts
I wish it hurts more and more! I dont care, dont look into her big eyes anymore, that try to catch all my atoms. I just try to get to know who is Nar, who may she be and what may she turn into.
She just looks like a fairy with an outstanding beauty that shows her white face through her long red hair That woman who I would tour around the entire universe tirelessly with her That woman who I lost my mind and learned my animality when Im with her So does she really love me? If not, how can she hug me so warmly and kiss me that much? How can she make me a monkey so easy? For the only reason that I fall in love with her?
When it comes to Nechayev He didnt find anyone else except me to hide this shitty nail. I just came for two classes and in a short time, brought to open my all faithful characteristic, is that possible? I have never been an important person in my life. I was a simple headache in the eyes of my sister. A disappointment who cant learn earning money in the eyes of my father. And for my mother, I have been just a struggling for her prestige. For the first time someone needs me, an organization, an earthquake organization that is going to destroy Istanbul. I became the most important gear of the machine! So what did I do to deserve this? Even I still cant hold a pencil
While this organization is getting ready to slaughter people What about the youth outside? What for do they die? Why are they killed by the people who they want to make them happy? And why all these people kill? How can these people become that much wild even they believe in God. I didnt read many books, actually also did not pray much. But also I listened preaching in those mosques. They were saying just share, dont kill each other, and dont enslave yourselves. So what is this fighting for?
I can see something with my half opened eyes A double-handed giant arm coming from the bowels of the universe, pricks the ass of people continuously, with the itching needles!
If you like, I would be with you until the time comes tomorrow. Lets hide the nail together, says Nar.
How can she be much sure that whether I accept this mission and going to hide this stupid nail! Are my eyes telling I am a man of duty?
I dont need you, I say, Ill do my best. Also I have my own methods. I think I can keep a nail Im not that much stupid, I say and stand up. Nar hugs me behind. I touch her small hands, open the door and go out.
I climb down the stairs clenching with a nail in my hand. Are the whiteshirts waiting for me outside? I just walk away, dont give a shit. There are hundreds of policemen outside, opening my way. There is a Honda waiting for me on the street. Someone opens the door of the car, I sit on the back seat. A man with sunglasses sits on the front passenger, just like a sculpture, needs a command to wink at.
The driver also has the same clothes on. Brown clothes, a casual jacket with a casual trousers, sunglasses. Where would you like to get off sir? He calls me sir. Where I should get off I say Haskoy just to say it. I have no idea why I said this.
We pass through Istiklal Street. The car hits the big tires on the road, drives on the stones turning to narrow streets, and goes down toward Kasimpasa, near the Golden Horn. Everywhere is a fireplace and no one of the coppers stopping us. We drive along the hills of Istanbul where still have not touched the revolution yet. When we arrived in Haskoy, they left me in a corner like a flour sack.

Seventh day

Whatever lovers say The best thing that happened to a human being is death.

Transkovac

I have been walking these damned hills of Istanbul since yesterday, and I come back at the same place now. In Balat. The man next to me tells me it is 4 p.m. and continuously takes scene photos.
Istanbul is so smoky that after photofinishing, it is no need to light the edges of the photo. Because its edges are already burned!
I am at the place where the blue water of Bosphorus colorizes the black water of the Golden Horn in purple. A strong wind takes away the industrial smell of the Golden Horn. The smoke in Beyoglu changes its color. I heard some cheer voices like old mans do while watching football matches at tea gardens. When everything stops speaking, the wind howls at my ears.
I came here by a small boat yesterday. I climb toward Fener Greek Patriarchate passing through narrow streets of Balat. These streets are full of old buildings that record the all tones of sun light on their centennial wooden walls. I passed the bigot districts where they searched my body, made me performing prayer to prove my Muslimism, counting the five pillars of Islam. Then I walked in Fatih where is the headquarter of counter revolution, and I had a rest in Edirnekapi Martyrs' Cemetery. I took some money from someone who I supposed to know, and gave it to someone that Ill never see again. I stay the night in a mosque at Gazi Osman Pasa.
Now I am at the same place again. On the coast of Halic, I rub my hands each other nearby the Saint Stephen Church in Balat. This is a Bulgarian church made of only iron, that seems still scary for me.
At one time, we had bought a yellow lovebird with my mom from the Spice Bazaar, and we passed by this church while we were going back home. I think this was the first time I saw this church. Then I saw this place many times in my nightmares. Always the same nightmare scene
In my nightmares, I always came to the garden of this church with my ten friends, and entered the door, they left me alone. There was a small box inside, like music box. I wondered about this box at every turn, and pushed on somewhere on the box, on a button. As soon as pushing on, all big doors were closing, all the lights of church turned off that I stayed alone, and sound of organ vibrated as very high as wake me up with a start. Thats how I started to wet my bed.
Many times I had told about this to my mother, she had never cared about it. I had also told Demir. So to overcome my fears and not to bear hostility to Christians, he took me there. We lighted a candle, looked at the holy reliefs and took a tour around the garden of the church. When we went out of the garden, we saw a leaned and little tree there. Demir put his back on three and took eight steps toward north, and with the stick in his hand he removed the earth. In the hole, there was a wooden and lidded cup. Also there were important things for Demir that are hidden inside wrapped up with napkin. We had also put my childhood teeth in this cup.
Now the tree isnt here, but I found the place where the cup is hidden. I found this secret place very easily when nobody was around. But the cup is empty. Who might have taken it? Is there anyone else know this place? I didnt ask these questions yesterday, and just put in the cup the nail that D.C. written on, embedded it. Now I came for checking if it is still there. The nail is still here.
The photographer man who comes to my right and left taking photos of the church and says: Like a toy I wish I can hide this church in my home taking into my pocket. These barbarian people will destroy it soon.
The photographer man supposed me to follow him and walks away the other part of the garden with quick steps, disappears going on talking. When I turned my back, I see a woman in her forty looks at me oddly.
It has been two minutes, third, four And she still looks at me. She even doesnt take off her sunglasses. I take two steps toward her and I am being slapped. Emotionlessness and irresponsibility
The woman sheds her tears under her sunglasses, opens her arms and hugs me.
I am afraid of hugging the woman, and move my fingers in order not to let have another slap on my face. All I do is just listening to the wheeze of a lung that had smoked as much as the whole world did.
She left me, now runs toward the street. Lady, I say, run behind her. No one see us. I am really unable to understand what all this people have tried to do for these two days. What kind of thing is it? All people seem like be copied as holograms in the hole of a tree. As if there is a machine in the deep of the forest, and they run around like being flinged from the machine to the Nature.
Lady What happened? Please dont run away, I say, I run faster than her, and overhaul her stepping on muddy grass. She stops, takes off her sunglasses to wipe her eyes, did a lot of makeup and all run now. But she cannot look me in the face.
Im sorry. I confused you with someone else, she says.
She takes on her sunglasses staring at the ground, tidying the bag on her shoulder. I can swear that I have never seen this woman before. Or I dont know I have no enough consciousness to remember someone, I turn in my grave with tiredness and sleeplessness.
Demir His name was Demir. He passed away years ago, she says.
Demir? I shout, Which Demir?
Do you know him? I am Sema
Sema! Is the girlfriend of Demir, whose photograph I have been keeping in my dirty pants? I have never looked her at this picture deeply! But yes Her hair turned gray, also she got late dying her hair. This is Sema!
My uncle Demir, I say, and say no more.
She hugs me tightly, as if I am Demir, hugs me as hot as Nar did. She takes off her sunglasses and puts in her pocket, touches on my chicks with her warm hands, combs my hair with her fingers.
You really look like your uncle, she says.
Demir killed himself just because of this woman!
Why did you come here? Had Demir ever taken you here? she says. I take my shoes from the muddy grass and only nod my head.
I had a baby of Demir. Do you know this also?
I bite my tongue! How can I know this? How can I give an answer to this?
Today she turns 16. So I came here with grasses in my hand. I throw them away the Golden Horn. We used to come here together and throw grasses with the hope of changing the dirty color of the Golden Horn into green.
I dont remember Demir made this grass thing with me. When it comes to that child I even dont regard as possible that. Also she is sixteen! Which year did Demir die? My mind even cant calculate even these simple mathematical processes anymore. As soon as I stare so stupidly, she feels more sicker and walks away. She takes a taxi. When she was about to go, I shout:
Demir has a child?
We gave a name for her together with Demir. Ozgur
I have to see this girl! I dont know why, but I must see her! I go with the woman. She doesnt speak, but her face seems happy. The taxi takes us to around Zeytinburnu. Near the ancient Assyrian graveyard. We climb up ladders of an old building. We dont even say a single word, we dont talk about inheritance of Demir that remained us. A man waits for us at the door, he is in the similar ages with Sema. Is he her husband?
Look whom I brought you, says Sema, kisses him on the cheek.
It is too small inside, as if a foxy owner of house separated a flat in two rooms. The furniture remained from 80s: Sofa with cabinet, walnut colored furnishes, a table with a marble in center of it, iron and carved chairs. There is no place even to take a step in the saloon.
Now the girl named Ozgur is in front of me. She is almost in the same height with me, very beautiful, has short fair hair, with same facial features as Demir had. Or just like mine. It has been days when I looked at the mirror last, and this girl reminds my image that I have already forgot. She laughs a lot, eyes me from head to foot, and I think so she is surprised.
Demirs nephew, says Sema. As if Ozgur was waiting for hearing these words, she holds me tight once and starts crying.
Demirs, the man sighs behind me. Sema says that this man is her brother. Demir, Sema and this man Neset were really close friends at the school before.
You have the same eyebrows as your uncle had. It stretches toward your forehead. Like Lenin, he says and hugs me.
While I was waiting for another person to hug, Sema comes back with a cake on her hands, some candles on it. We are clapping: Birthday of Ozgur.
I look at the watch, have no enough time. Im looking at Ozgur. She is lively, her fingers and eyes are moving ceaselessly, messages with someone and goes out kissing all of us.
Istanbul is burning. Where is she going? I say.
So what? Shouldnt we let her going out at her birthday? She makes a scene, laughs Neset.
Now Sema comes to the room with a glass jar in her hands. She empties it on the table one by one. Neset made coffee and offers for us. Sema is unpacking something that is wrapped up napkins, shows me. Children teeth! Are they mine?
Demir embedded them next to this church, says Sema, These teeth must be yours. He always talked about you. Your name Tunch, isnt it?
Tunch, I say and wonder about what is more in these napkins. Now she is taking out a pencil, of Demirs primary school. A page of book with a dried shred clove. Then A pin
Is that pin? I say. Why did he keep it?
I dont know, says Neset, in a laughy mood just as cheerful as Sema. He picks empty coffee cups and goes to kitchen. Sema puts off the napkins and turns me, just waits without winking and gets her happy face tensed.
I know, your all family still angry at me. You think I am responsible for his death. Your mother I called your mother many times when Ozgur was born, wrote letters.
Not only my mother, also I think the same, I say and after years, now I am waiting for an explanation about the death of Demir.
We loved each other madly with Demir. I gave birth his child. I never married. We raised Ozgur together with Neset, without taking penny from no one. I am still teacher. I didnt call your mother to ask for money. She just hung up in my ear and said feed your own bastard.
I wish I had heard about this Ozgur I say.
Anyway, now she is a big girl as you see. But she grew up without knowing about her relatives. This was not easy. Demir I went around all Istanbul to find out the reason of Demirs death. I walked on the streets where he walked alone before, sat on the banks where we spent time together. I slept in streets, lived on pavements. And even one day I stayed in Demirs room secretly. Nobody was at home. You had left there. I tried to live in the way he lived to understand him. Be sure Tunch! I have never done anything that made Demir upset. If I wasnt pregnant, nothing would prevent me from throwing myself to this shitty Golden Horn. Even I thought of committing suicide with Ozgur inside me that she hadnt yet opened her eyes to the world, where Demir was not. Years"
Her eyes get so big and cheeks so tensed while she remembers something about Demir, I am ashamed of myself for the years I have blamed her. But what would it matter? I mean what can I do in this life to make everyone happy one by one? How can I satisfy Nechayev, Nar and Sema with a one action at the same time?
I turned upside-down in Istanbul, to find any information about Demir. Why did he kill himself? We loved each other. I was unable to understand that, Tunch Even with no note I tried to get close with your parents many times. Your mother, father, Gizem You pushed me back. As if you decided to live without the word of Demir.
I take out the pieces of photograph in my back pocket and come together them in my palm. This photograph, I say, put the pieces of them on the table, Your photograph. Before Demir died, he wanted me to keep this photo. This is all I could do, I am sorry.
I stand up and close to the wooden window of the room, draw the smoky curtains, and leave Sema alone with these pieces. I look at Ozgur discussing something lively on the street with her two friends.
He wrote something for you behind it, I say.
Demir was making his life with his little academician wage. I had supposed this woman, Sema was so rich. I had always thought the same scene when Demir started to talk about Sema: She had a lux car and was driving out with this poor man in Bosphorus, Bakirkoy. But she is not
When Sema barely reads the writing behind photo as Who can understand you? she starts crying like a child. Neset comes from the kitchen, holds her shoulder, and as relieving her, he lights a match and burns the pieces in the jar.
We learned he was with dark men, says Neset, talks to me, vibrating his eyes.
Demir? What kind of men are they? How could this happen? I ask and go close them. Sema is still crying and looking at the shadow of fire. Neset goes on:
Mr. Yellow Or Green I dont remember the name exactly. There was a man like that. Maybe a sect. Maybe mason, we have no idea. So we addressed it and found some people who have some ideas about that. Demir got into some kind of government works. He took secret missions. So we suspected if he was killed. I need to tell you something Tunch: We dug his grave, secretly We found someone for better autopsy reports. Was he killed or had any scar on his body? But the result was same: Suicide.
Mr. Yellow Who is that yellow shit? As if I would know who is him, if I repeat it many times. I repeat: Mr. Yellow! Maybe he is one of the mafia, who subdued here and there in 90s?
I remember that in the primary school, everyone knew the second hand names of mafias by rote. Ones relative was mafia or others uncles work under someone In 90s everyone was a threat for each other, and so the children adapted themselves to this awful society in that way.
I hold hands of Sema who drops her tears into her palm, as if asking me for compassion. Mr. Yellow Semas warm hands remind me Nar. Nar I look at the watch, I have only one hour. And the pin
I handle the pin. There is something written on it likes the nail they gave me. A.C. The letter C is a bit erased. Maybe it is O, not C.
A.C and D.C. like electrical currents. Whats going on here? Is it A.C or A.O.? I say and show the writing to Neset. He also repeats the letters. Sema is only crying. Is that Mr. Yellow possible to be the very self of Nechayev? Were his hair and bears yellow before they turned white? Whats going on here? I look at the watch.
I should go, I say. I have no much enough time.
Sema doesnt let my hands go, Neset holds my shoulder. I will come later. Please trust me. Now I have to go.
Please. Dont leave us, says Sema, holds my cheeks, and looks into my eyes. I know you wont come back.
I will be back, I swear.
No! You are not going to come back again. Your eyes Same as the last time how Demir was looking at me. And so you look me like that way.
How do I look at you? I say, saving my shoulder from Neset.
You are just looking into my eyebrow, not into my eyes Tunch. Like Demir I know you wont be back.
I am late. I should go, I say and barely get rid of them.
Again I heard that Sema bursts into tears, but I open the door and just go away, without caring anything, start running with no chance to see Ozgur again. Mr. Yellow and Nechayev They gave me a nail and a pin to my uncle. I found myself in the city walls of Samatya.
What about Nar? Is Nar also a victim just like me? Victim! What a shitty word it is! Demir, Nar and me Will two of us have the same fate as Demir? Fate is also a shitty word!
I need to be brave, to give this stupid game away tonight. You are the only sensible person in this city Tunch! I repeat myself how I am sensible again and again. I cannot open my eyes in the light of sun, the pain comes from the edges of my eyes, and I lost the connection with my feet because of sleeplessness. I run through the ruined streets of Aksaray, where the pimps still sell sex workers. The country is burning, but Russians still look for leather jacket!
How about Nar? Where is Nar in this game? Sema? Will Nar cry and talk about weird men after I die as Sema does?
I run madly on the bridge of Unkapan. No policemen stop me. Why? I take breath beside them, looks at them like a terrorist. Also have no idea how terrorists look They even dont ask for identity card, just look at me and turn their eyes away. Tanks, panzers, kinds of police devices, empty chargers are everywhere around. They drive all protesters of Istanbul, all Tree Youth into the Gezi Park. But I run on streets of Karakoy inviolably.
This damned nail I should have taken it with me. I remember now. I forgot it in the hole next to the church! Now what will happen? Let me say what is going to happen After I die, Nar will find this hole somehow and take the nail. And she will play the same role of Sema. Child Of course, we will have a baby also! So we didnt have the sex by accident. She will also give birth my child. As how it is planned A double-handed giant arm coming from the bowels of the universe Everything is planned by it!
When Demir told me he was going to die soon, he didnt talk about the reason. If he tried to explain, I would not understand, if he told me, I would not hear him. He was right! If I lived the same things Demir had, I would understand everything. I understood all shits! But I wont give up like Demir, I will be the one who will spoil the game! What Demir had not got but I have is my stubbornness that wakes the dead!
I am at the park in Findikli. Im quite calm. I am waiting for an old woman who will take me. The policemen are all around me. They put their robotic clothes on the ground, have a rest and get cool with the appetizing wind of the Bosphorus. All my clothes tore apart, the blood on my knee made my trousers purple. However, no one dare to look into my face.
Ababa ababa, an old mute woman says, comes close to me, and has hunchbacked, holds my hand.
It is eight p.m.. This must be the woman who will take me. We walk cross the road and climb up stairs. I am not sure whether she takes me or I take her to there?
I am so excited and curious! My ears hear kinds of songs or just make up them. I dont care that the tendons of my knees open one by one. With the belief of getting along all goings-on and with my famous stubbornness that placed on my eyebrows, I go on walking.
Aba bab! She opens a manhole cover in the middle of the street and enters inside. And so do I When we climb down the stairs, I see hundreds of people are waiting downstairs. We pass by them. It is too crowded, but also too silent No one stops us and ask nothing about us. They put some solutions on their faces, recover wounds. I try to see the faces of people where the sun lights through loophole. Which side are they? Which nations children are they? Are they revolutionist? Or fascists?
It is too crowded and so busy here. When I look along the sewage, I see candle lights, unopened tables, weapons on the ground. Are the youth who is losing the war on earth, trying to occupy Istanbul from underground?
Abab ba! The old woman says, never gets tired, and comes to under another manhole cover. The sun brightens upon us. My eyes are in dazzle while climbing up the iron stairs. The woman doesnt come with me. So her mission is over.
I am on an empty and very familiar street. There is no police around, no pepper gas, the ground is cleaned, even no gas bottles. The building of Suicide School is just in front of me. The door is all opened for the first time. I go inside, I climb up the stairs that we always climbed together with Nar. Now I hate her. I suspect her as suspecting existence of God.
This floor is very cleaned, where has always been cleaned with sewage water. As if there was a big party in this building, so each stair was restored, walls are painted.
I open the door of the suicide classroom. Inside The walls are painted with pistachio green, the board is taken and it is all empty inside. Even the picture of Ataturk and other boards next to it are pulled down. The most interesting is that the door of the suicide room was taken away and put up a wall instead of the door. The whole big classroom is empty.
I have a tour around me, giving myself to plays of walls color that inspire me. I feel my heartbeat so fast and that throws my body to the front of the window. When I look outside, I see colorful smokes rising from buildings. And the police helicopters are flying above these smokes, from below someone opens fire on it, momentarily gunshots are heard, momentarily screams stop.
And when I turn back to the class, looking at again, I have nearly lost my tongue with fear. Whats that! I closed the door, but! How did this man come inside? This old man is Red Father who I confused him with Nechayev. He is more elder than Nechayev, with the same caftan and headwear on him.
Sit down, son. Have some rest, he says and points at a chair in the middle of the classroom. When did this chair come here? I must be missed something that happened around me because of my sleeplessness.
I sit on the chair. I have only one thing in my mind: Of course, Metin the Carom Where is he? I ask. The old man smiles me and looks out the window, without making any noise. Something is heard from the hallway. A squeak Someone drags something on the ground.
Where is Metin the Carom? I raise my voice.
I am here, I come back buddy This is the suburban voice of him! He opens the door and rolls something covered on the ground. Also he has something else on his back.
What are you doing buddy? You are disrespecting, he says. He has that same sharp face and the lines on his forehead right in front of me.
Our Father is going to sit on this chair. Your place right over there, he says and stands up me.
He puts what is on his back near the place where the board was, and uncovers it. This is the log that was in the forest! He carried this log on his back. And on it Tunch is written.
Sit down buddy. You are all sweaty. This is your place. Also you should have carried it, but This is just for this time, he says, wipes his face and clothes with the black cover.
Red Father sits on the chair, his red-yellow beard clearly appears in the sunlight coming through window. Metin takes breathe for seconds and goes next to Father to uncover another box. And the same coffer! The forbidden coffer of Red Father! It is forbidden to look at it, but who cares?
This poor kid is also ruined. Wherever I go, he carries this coffer, the old man says, touches on Metins shoulders as rewarding him. After Metin kisses his hand and puts it on his forehead, he stands in front of the window like a shelter for the sunlight, and brings his hands together in a position of prayer. He is just waiting there, without looking into my face.
Where is Nechayev? I ask.
Who is Nechayev? Asks Metin the Carom, angrily. However, he seals his own mouth with only one action of the old man.
The man who gave the suicide lessons in this classroom. He looks like Red Father, I say. While I am about to stand up, Metin points me that its better to stay here.
You have many questions in your mind, son. You will learn whatever you want. Just have a rest, the old man says, and touches the coffer right beside him with his left hand, checks it if any damage on the surface.
Well, interrupts Metin, With the commandment of Allah and the words of the prophet, we came here to want that famous nail from you, Mr. Tunch, he says bitingly.
Whats the nail? I say, turn my eyes away. Where is Nechayev? Where is Nar? Nobody answers me. Metin once wants to talk to me, but he gives up grasping some meaning of the old mans eyelash movements.
You should give back to safe hands whats given you, son. As it told you, the old man says.
Nothing told me like that. Nechayev I say and stop talking.
Buddy, dont make it difficult. This is serious, says Metin, comes beside me and whispers in my ears, Give me the nail and just go away. You cant imagine what this old fart can do!
Son. I see, you want to give your mind peace. Ask what you have in your mind, so I will tell you the answers as much as I can with the strength, which God gave me, Father says in a calm, and smiling manner, he goes on talking as widening his beard.
Why did you come here? Do you know where is here? It was a classroom. Who did paint it? Why is this color? Metin, what the fuck are you doing here? I say, and I want to wreak my anger on the two, while I think of questions for Nechayev and Nar.
Metin the Carom stamps his foot on the ground to warn me for my questions, but the old man stops him holding his right hand. He coughs and goes on talking:
This is not an important place here, son. Someone decided on this, someone came, someone painted, someone gave you something, someone loved, someone was loved The important thing was you came here. If you even went into a desert, I would come there for you, with this coffer. Dont question the act of Allah, son.
Well Do you know Nechayev? I say.
I didnt hear that name. Who is this person? Describe him, says Red Father.
I tell of him, about what he did in this classroom, the door on this wall to go another room, to the suicide room Also I tell Red Father that how Nechayev looks like him.
Who dedicated their life to the continuity of this state, who struggle to defend this motherland, who risk their necks, All of them become the one, and look like each other. The rest is only different methods, difference of comments.
So are there people working for the same purposes, but independently? Are you and Nechayev different? Who are you? I say.
Metin the Carom slaps on my face strongly. I fell down on the ground.
Fucking boy! You made me swear to your father Tunch! How do you dare to ask these questions to Mr. Father? he says. I afraid of standing up from ground as I look into Metins terrible face, I turn my eyes away and barely climb on the log.
It is not right. This is not the right way, son, the old man says, wants Metin be next to him and not to let him hit me again. The voice of Red Father resounding in my red ears:
I am the representative of the important people who lived out their lives not to let Turkish heart go out, I am the ghost of past. Like the person who gave you this nail I am one of the children of Sari Saltuk, Taptuk Emre, Haci Bektas Veli, Ertugrul Gazi and Seyh Edebali. The Turkish tents have been setting up in this land for twelve centuries, and it will go on setting up against any kind of threat, son.
Whats the difference between you and other person?
Other people Not only one, hundreds of them The only purpose of us is protecting Turkish land above the flag of Islam. As I said, we have only different comments. We dont see, dont know each other, we dont make feel of our plans to each other also, but we deeply know all of us work for this nation. There are other people work for the nation.
I understand nothing. I havent got the nail with me. I am going, I say and stand up, trying to open the door, but it is locked.
Hey buddy where do you think youre going! says Metin and punches my face in force. I see my own blood in fuzzy eyes.
Man, give me the nail. Dont do this, they will kill you. They are the government, the state! Dont you understand? says Metin. I think he regrets for hitting me, stands me up gently and puts me on the log.
It is better for you to understand nothing, son. Why all these goings-on confuse you? You have a long life to live. And also have people waiting for you. As I heard, you fell in love with a girl. Her name is Nar
As soon as Red Father says the name of Nar, Metin coughs, turns his eyes away and turns back to me. I feel getting angry. Did Nechayev and Nar set a trap for me? They said I am going to give the nail to only them. Did the organization of the old man hear it, and then make a maneuver for that? Or am I having loyalty test? Well, what about this poor Metin doing in these all goings-on?
As if Metin reads my mind, flying at me suddenly, chokes me, You are an idiot! They will make me kill you. You are my brother! How can you do this to me? Do you want me to be your killer? Say where this damned nail, then Ill stick it up in this bastards ass.
Who he calls bastard is Red Father, I am not sure if he heard all these, but Metin stamps his mouth again and slaps in my face strongly again. Emotionlessness and poorness. Thats all I feel
So tell me everything! What the hell are you doing? My uncle Why did my uncle kill himself? What did you want from my uncle? D.C, A.C. What all these shits mean? What is Deprem Cemiyeti (Earthquake organization)? Tell me everything! I raise my voice more, the more I got beat!
D.C, A.C all these are temporary, son. The permanent is T.C. (Republic of Turkey) says Red Father, like he tied Metin with a transparent rope, even controls his winking.
Some people supposed to save this state with having an earthquake organization. For example, the person who gave you this nail, is a follower of an old man in the same age with me. I have seen him only for once maybe. But I have always got up against with him. Continuity of the state needs to fight, son. This is all that you should know Also to learn the rest of the story, you need to struggle for that. You will need to be prepared to sacrifice the mortal world. So lets not confuse your mind with this mortal things, son.
Metin wants to jump down me like a dog tied to his house, but he cant come further from the invisible border that Red Father drew, he is slavering in his place, shouts at me: He wants to die! He attempted to suicide. Do you want to die, man? Its a shame for you Tunch! Fingerless! Come to yourself. Give the nail!
I want to die! Tell me the truth! I shout. Now my stubbornness shows itself again as famous as cracking the windows!
You chose to die, so you have right to know something. Listen son, important people have founded the Turkish states in the history. Leaders, khans, veterans But founding a state and keeping this state are different things. There have always been different people on this land, who fought against each other. This is the same as today. The youth outside want freedom, they die, they are killed. So what should do for this? This is the same question for struggle between groups inside the state. How will we stop these young people? What I say: We should beat up them and discipline them. What the person who gave the nail says: We cant cope up with these young people and with the society enjoy killing these youth. So lets organize an earthquake society and tear down all Istanbul. Then lets found the new Turkish earth on the wreckage. Also another person wants to make a deal with these youth. Even some of them say that leave this nation to young people and trust in them.
This struggle between us goes back to the Seljuq Empire, son. In 1240s Turkmen people shook the world in this land, they rebelled against the Seljuk emperor. The emperor of Seljuk was good with westerns and Byzantine, his viziers were townsman who spoke Persian language and foreign languages, were civilized. The soldiers of the empire were Franc, mercenary, foreign and educated. But the bare-legged and nomad Turkish societies were against the state. However these people, these nomad people, many times overcame the Seljuk army. All children, youth and olds, woman and man, with spears and arrows in their hands, they went this struggle to demolish the state. Turkish people killed the Turkish people. When the Seljuq Empire was out of army, they sent the Franc soldiers to kill these Turkmen people, who were settled around Konya, the capital city of Empire, and put them to the sword.
Children died The women were thrown sea, but the leaders of this riot, important Turkish thinkers, Khorasan dervishes, spread in Anatolia. They organized in Anatolia, mostly in Greek regions. Haci Bektas was one of these, also Edebali. And they were the masterminds of next big state, the state of world Ottoman Emperor. As Ottoman grown, also the old traditions, which remained from Seljuq Empires government, played important role in new state. Many groups of old Seljuq This chaos created many conflicts. Who will state the new government? This problem has been still the same today. What do you think they say on TVs? They say all goings-on were only conflicts between Sunnis and Alawites in the state. But in fact, this is a sharper separation.
From the Turkish Kayi tribes in the Centre Asia to my poor body What a fight! I say bitingly. And get punched by Metin the Carom, who goes raving mad.
So you are the victim of all these fights, my idiot brother! says Metin, making a wry face, heading butt on my nose. My blood flushing out of my nose to the green walls. I step on my blood with my hands on the ground. I cant breathe.
As it seems I won this fight, son. So it means: We will squash the young people outside. With the strength that God gives us, we will rid of this plan!
I feel my earlaps thrown away, I can hear so clearly the scratchy sounds of whatever Father has in his mouth, his tongue, his palate. I go out of focus, I can only see this dervish-looking and killer-smiles of this old man. He talks about death, massacre, but his face is still shining like becoming a saint. I am fallen flat on my face. My eyes are closing.
How long has it been? How long have I been here? When I come to myself, I see my nose is full of napkins. As I open my eyes, Metin closes the window. I look at the Father, who is praying as if closing his five senses to the world. He notices me and starts speaking again:
We have no enough time. Will you give me the nail, son?
I am not going to give.
Get some water for child, son, the old man says. Metin throws me the water bottle that stands on the marble of window.
As soon as I drink the cold water, I remember Nar. She is somewhere in this building, I know. She will come and find me soon, will kiss my cheek with her hot lips.
Fingerless, buddy, look at you. Your face is glowing. I search your body, but no nail on you. Where is it? Where did you hide it? Why do you persist in? Just give it. Do you want me to kill my brother? Look at this bastard. They are all cruel! Dont do that, they will tear you apart. Give me this fucking nail?
I wont give, I say and this time I got a strong kick on my stomach. I am getting out of breath.
Your youngness is going to waste for nothing, says Red Father, and rubs his hands each other, counts something with his fingers like praying, turns his face to the wall.
Metin understands the old mans movements in some way, and looks at me dramatically, opens the door, goes out hallway. He calls and swears someone. After a moment he comes inside with a bag. He passes by me, without looking at Father who losing himself with prayers, opens the bag. Knives, choppers, scissors, fetters, iron tongs Metin cleans a chopper with a big cloth in the bag, and looks at the metal of a knife in the sunlight.
Now he comes next to me, doesnt look into my face anymore, holds my left hand and put it on the log. I am really not afraid of him, even dont hold my other hand, and dont move my fingers.
Metin cuts my left hand, without any hesitate!
There are hundreds, millions bubbles falling down my eyes, the flashings around them No pain! All I fell: Insensitivity and piggishness.
My blood flushes in stream as much as reaching the hallway from under the door, fill the edges of my ass that is stuck on the cold ground.
The Father even doesnt lift his head. And I shout: I am burning mom! I am burning! My arm is burning!
Metin runs, grabs a bottle of drug and an injector from the bag, injects something on my cut arm.
It will pass soon, mate. Hang on, he says, wipes the cold sweat on my forehead, fill my mouth with cloth, to stop the bleeding he ties my arm with another cloth.
My pain became relieving and seductive. Also the bubbles in my eyes are gone, the black spider webs take place of the bubbles.
Metin is silent, but tense. He bits his fingers, rounding around himself. He goes close to the window, holds his forehead, and takes quick steps around. He takes his wallet out of his pocket and throws it to me.
Whats that? I ask, I cant shout anymore.
Open it man, open and look it, open and see what it is inside! he says, and bites his finger as much as making tears down from his eyes. Open it!
I try to open it with my one hand. There is a picture in the wallet, he wants me to look at the picture. Metin and a woman on this picture, they sat at the table and posed for the picture.
Look it closer you fucking man, who is she? he says, starts crying like children.
Nar! Who next to Metin is Nar! I swear this is Nar!
Did you remember her, asshole? Why did you do that, man? Why? This woman was my everything! Metin punches on the window, kicks at the wall under it.
But me Nar I want to take my eyes out of their holes. A knife, I look for something sharp edged to take out of my eyes!
Buddy, I will marry with this woman! I entered into all this shit just because of her. I am in this shit because I loved her madly! Metin gets crazy, barely stops himself not to stick me one by one all the knives in this bag. However Red Father keeps silent, only his lips are moving.
If it comes to me My right arm is free, I am just like a blindfolded victim who waits to be killed. Nar Why everything is like that I mean why it is
I loved only one woman in my life. And you f.cked it! Metin attacks at me, gets his big knife on his hand into my right chest. I am sure the knife got out of my back towards the wall. The rest is coldness The left hand of Metin is in my lung!
I followed you! Just because this bastard wanted me to do. I watched you with this woman. She was the woman of my life! I would marry with her! She didnt know it!
Excuse me Metin. I didnt know this either. I try to speak without moving the knife in my lung, but I can only stammer, But Nar chose me.
Metin is turning knife inside my lung What the fuck are you! Why she choose you! Do you think you can buy everything with your money? I will shoot you to the hell today! How you could did this your blood brother! He says, still turning the knife. Deadness and the pimple on my ass
Son, its a shame, you know our religion forbidden the torture. Give child some drug. What a pity, poor, the old man says and again closes his eyes.
As soon as he takes the knife, I scream, the walls resound my voice into my face. Please give me a drug, I shout, Do something, Metin! Even cant find a chance to cry.
Metin is just beside me, cries on my blood, filling the injection tremblingly and putting it on my arm.
I watched all you lived. What you had with Nar In that fucking building I even could not open my mouth because of this old bastard. Fuck my life, fuck it! Fuck your nation, fuck your state! he says, swiftly pulls out the injection.
I apologize from him for many times. I cut the head of Nar and put tomatoes instead of her head, in my imagination, I kick the ass of Nechayev, swears at my dead, and look into the eyes of Metin, my right hand is free. I feel dizzy. Im not afraid of looking at my blood anymore.
These young people, the old man says, now opens his eyes. Also I open my eyes widely, I am relieving.
These young people who are on streets for freedom, now run away to their forests. To trees and undergrounds But one day they will come back. One day they will understand that this world doesnt need ones like me. They will curse these nails, swear at who made you in that way, at who killed your uncle in his young age
Demir I wont give you the nail, talking in my sleep, try to select voices of birds around me.
You are strong, son. Very strong the old man says, This big state is overwhelmed in front of you, son. You made me be ashamed of my beard, of my forehead, of my elderliness
Now he is looking into my eyes, touches his fingers on my eyelids, prays and blows his breath upon me.
Metin the Carom is also overcame his anger, tidies up his tormentors in his bag. As he covers the coffer with the same black cloth:
Leave this coffer here, son. This poor child deserved to have it. God speed you the old man says and smiles for the last time, stands up, holds Metin from his shoulder who even doesnt look into my face. They leave the class and close the door.
I didnt know that Metin I repeat that for many times, instead of praying.
Thinking of the last days It is really hard to die! It is easy to kill, love, everything is easy, but it is too hard to die on your own in this Istanbul! I cant make it easy as Demir did. Do I have still hope of Nar that she is going to come and save me? Will Metin forgive me? Well, whom I should forgive? Is there anyone in this world I can forgive? If there is someone, just come and say, I should forgive whoever he or she is. Maybe this log I forgive the log that my name is written on. Because it only watched me while my arm was cutting
Now Im talking about Nar in my sleep again, instead of praying to Allah. It is so economical matter for me, to breathe now. How much breath left for me? How many times should I breathe to live longer? How long should I live to be saved by them? Come on, admit it Tunch, you dont want to be saved! You are going to die, you have always been a star dust and will always be!
Stars Are the colors of stars yellow or white? I have never been curious about it before. If someone answers it, it will be great for me now. This coffer Am I not curious about what is in coffer?
I heard some sound of watch in somewhere. I feel the tictacs of this watch instead of my heartbeats. Where is it? The watch is not on my arm, not on the walls, not at the ceiling. Where is this? Or in this log? Is this log the time of my death?
Does the coffer move? Yes, it does, there is something inside, wants to go out of it. It is locked Will I die in the halfway if I slither next to it? What is over there under the lid? Is the watch in the coffer? The sounds of watch raise. Does the watch want to get out of coffer?
Not a watch, but a man comes out of the coffer! Who is he? Is the angel of death? Or Yaban (Wild)? Is this the Yaban who was saved fifty thousand years ago and captured again by that old man, Red Father? My fifty-thousand-years-old ancestor, my weak black ancestor is right in front of me, with a mask on his face. Thats so scary mask that Yaban chases away the demons that are hidden in tigers.
He puts a bow the ground, bends and makes a lighter from it. He breaks the chair that the old man sat down, and burns it now. As soon as the fire spreads, Yaban yells, turns around, dances, so nice, and sounds like an animal. Sounds of owls
Yaban pours something in his bone cup. Pieces of grass, water Then puts it on fire. He dances, so nice, and again sounds of owls
He takes the cup in his hand, comes close to me, brings me it with familiar voice, Drink, he says, even he speaks in Turkish, Drink it and get free I barely can hold that big bone cup in my right hand, and drink slopping it over me.
Uncle, are you? Demir? This is your voice I say, swearing he is Demir. My face smiles. I am so happy that
He takes off his mask. Yes, I see the face of Demir on the black bodied Yaban. The same mimics of Demir right in front of me, that I have been picturing it in my mind for million times after he dead. He helps me finishing the water, holds my hand.
Please, speak Demir Why dont you talk to me? Are you angry at me? Why do you get angry? I didnt give them the nail. Bulgarian The tree was cut at the garden of the Bulgarian church. But I found the hole. And I hid nail there. Like you
I know he says, he notices me holding the cup barely and takes it from my hand, I came here to take you, Tunch. We are going to go soon. Are you afraid? Do you hear me Tunch? Tunch? He repeats, his eyes are shining much more beautiful than the sun.
Nar is there?
No. Sema and Nar havent come here yet. Maybe they will go to another place. Dont get angry Tunch. We cant understand the reasons of women! Get calm. I know you really love Nar. Never judge her. Never You cant understand her, without living as a woman and experiencing what she had in her life. Just as I have never understood Sema Come on, drink it. It is almost finished, almost. Drink all. Just drink it in one gulp, come on Do you remember we were competing in drinking milk in big glasses? Do you remember? So drink it just like that. Finish it. I will never let go of your hand.
I could not die as beautiful as you Demir. Could not die so much beautifully. So it goes Im finishing it.


END

Thank you very much for reading my novel. If you want to comment or share anything with me, please contact me via e-mail:
ilipiskale@hotmail.com
