Said To Contain
Brandon Messerschmidt


Published By Valhalla Earthrise at Smashwords

Copyright 2011 Brandon Messerschmidt

Find other titles by Brandon Messerschmidt at Smashwords.com



Chapter 1


The incessant tick-tock of General Tomlinson's treasured nineteenth century cuckoo-clock was deafening amidst the otherwise suffocating silence of his office.  He found himself once again subconsciously tapping the weighted end of his sterling silver pen against the mahogany surface of the desk from which he had served his country for the better part of four decades.  It was a nervous habit that had followed him through much of his military career, likely a byproduct of the explosive energy that had set him apart in his younger days; when he was a bright-eyed foot soldier hell-bent for the will of Uncle Sam.    
The General had been a lot of places and seen a lot of things since his teenage feet sank into the sand at Normandy on D+1, but nothing had caused the butterflies to flutter in his stomach quite like the urgent communiqu he had received early this particular morning.  His rank, tenure and prestige amongst America's military brass allowed him the privilege of being aware of what was happening, but the knowledge that conspiracy theorists would salivate to get their hands on seemed more like a cross upon his back than anything else at this point in time.  Of all the places on Earth -- of all the ages gone by -- why did it have to land in his backyard, on his watch?
None of that really mattered, of course... it was a situation to be dealt with, just like the countless others that had passed across his desk in all his years.  Each had been handled with a degree of diligence and zeal that earned him more medals and merit than any man should receive in one lifetime.  There were younger men available for the job, some even working out of Tomlinson's field office, in fact... but the big wigs apparently felt that there was only one person worthy of the assignment at hand.  So, there it was -- sitting squarely in his lap.
The tapping of his pen continued, causing an annoying racket which chipped away at his patience in its frenzied cadence, making him uneasy.  He counted his pace at five taps per second, every one of them reminding him that precious time was ticking away with the droning movement of his cuckoo's long arm.  
"It's not a sprint, Richard."  He reminded himself, fighting his nerves in a futile struggle to lock his anxious hand in place.  "Slow and steady wins the race.."
Finally, his office door swung open.  His old friend Conrad Butler burst in from beyond.  The portly man hurried in as though there had been a last call on desserts, firmly closing and locking the door behind him.  
"I came as fast as I could, Rich."  He explained as he wiped beads of sweat from his brow.  Stepping in front of Tomlinson's desk, he didn't bother pulling up the chair stationed before it, expecting a quick dressing down and dismissal .  "Are you sure that this report is accurate?"
"Oh, I'm sure."  The General replied, unceremoniously flopping his Cross Pen down to avoid further distraction through its manipulation.  "I've never been so sure of anything in my life, Conrad."
"And you have it on good account that it is the Polyphemus Project?"
"On good account?  No..."  He paused.  "On my own account, I saw the goddamned thing!"
"Well what the hell is it doing here?"
"How the hell should I know?  I woke you up because I thought you might be able to tell me!  How much do you know about this big-bad top-secret project that everybody speaks of in whispers?"
"As much as was deemed enough."  The visitor answered.  "Probably no more than you."
"Yeah?  Well try me -- but sit down first, you're making me nervous!"
Butler obliged, though his discomfort was obvious.  His anxiety over the situation was evident in his demeanor, leading the keen eye of General Tomlinson to believe that he knew more than he was letting on.  
"I know that it's been in the works for quite some time."  Butler started.  "That it was deployed several months ago.  I didn't think it was supposed to come anywhere near us, though."
"It wasn't."  Tomlinson barked as he bit the end off of a rather thick cigar.  He was violating every rule in the twenty-first century playbook when he lit it up right at his desk, but at eighty-five years old he was set in his ways and not likely to change for anyone.  "I'd sure as hell like to know how it got here, -- Somebody fall asleep with their dick in their hand out there, Ambassador?"
"I guess the lines must've gotten crossed somewhere -- a simple miscalculation or miscommunication between departments...  these things happen, sir."  Butler replied carefully as the harsh smoke wafted into his face.  "After all, the best laid plans of mice and men oft-"
"Don't start!"  The General interrupted, pointing the glowing stogie aggressively at his guest.  "Don't even start with that!  I knew it would end up like this!  Now it's our problem, just like always!"
"Well -- I apologize, sir, for what it's worth."
"It isn't worth much, Ambassador!  Christ, it seems like I'm on babysitting detail around here anymore!  Clean this here up, Tomlinson -- clean that over there up, sir!  Help us wipe our ass, General!  Shit!  I should've retired when I had the chance, Butler -- I wish to God that I had!"
The visitor smiled deviously at the suggestion, knowing full well that the General loved every minute of the chaos that this particular post brought to his plate.  
"You can step down at any time, sir."  He poked.  "Just say the word, and it's done."
"What?"  The General snapped back.  "And sit around waiting to die?  You'd like to be rid of me, wouldn't you Ambassador?  You'd be much happier if you got to waltz your behind in here every time your people dropped the ball and stare down some baby-faced cadet who can barely tell his ass from a missile silo, wouldn't you?  Now that they've struck down don't ask, don't tell -- you'd probably be thrilled to see a strapping young lad sitting in my big chair instead of this dried up war-torn hard-ass you've got to deal with now!  Well no chance!  I'm here for the duration, pal!  So long as you guys keep dropping the rock, I'll be the nasty S.O.B. standing by to pick it back up and smack you in the ass for the trouble!  No pretty momma's boy for you, not while I'm still kickin'!"
"I'd miss your charming personality anyway, sir."  Butler chuckled.
"I know your type, Ambassador!  Shit nibblers we used to call you -- back when men were men.  You hide it with your wife and daughter, but I know the real deal!  You only got married so that you could wear her skirts when she wasn't around!  Only women and Scotsman wore skirts in my time, Butler!  And that's the way things ought to be!"
"Was the Polyphemus wearing a kilt, sir?"  Butler quipped, still smiling despite the clearly genuine anger exuding from Tomlinson between hits at his Cohiba.
"Your people designed it, if they had one big enough I'm sure it would've been!"  The General returned, a heavy nicotine buzz setting in to lighten his mood just a bit.  "Anyhow... you should've seen the thing come down, Butler, it was incredible."
"Did you see it in person?"
"No... it came in a little after midnight about a hundred miles off the Pacific coast.  Some tourist caught it on their little camcorder -- I didn't know people went out trying to catch a glimpse at whales so late at night, but most of these people are lunatics after all.  Damn near capsized their yacht... it took a hell of a lot of storytelling to talk our way out of that one, but we managed.  Thankfully, we had a destroyer on patrol nearby.  As soon as I got word about what happened we sent them after it.  They were able to tow it in before sunrise, thank God, and they brought it here." 
"Do we think our friends know where it is?"
"They might not know exactly where it is -- but if they were looking in anything that resembles this direction, they have a pretty damn good idea.  It put on a hell of a light show, I'll tell ya' that much.  Would've been hard to miss." 
"So --"  The visitor continued.  "What's the plan?  Return to sender?"
Tomlinson was the one to laugh this time, cackling through a cough at the behest of his blackened lungs.  
"You think it's just that easy, don't you?"  He grinned.  "Just put a stamp on the son of a bitch, pitch it in a little blue box on the corner and let the postman do the rest?"
"No sir, I'm not quite that naive.  That is the goal, though, right?  To send it back?"
"Of course it is, the goddamned thing certainly can't stay here!"
"So what do we do?  Can we send it up from here?"
"Hell no, Ambassador!  We haven't got the logistics behind us to pull that off, let alone a cover story good enough to pacify the sooth-sayers out there!  It's not gonna be easy, but we're gonna have to get it to The Cape... there's no other option."
"The Cape?"  Butler returned, seeming dumbfounded at the very notion.  "That's three thousand miles away, sir!  If our friends know that it's here, how can you expect to move it across the country without them picking it off?"
"Very carefully."
"I should say so -- I'm not sure how well you know our friends, but I like to think I'm pretty well versed in their ways.  With that said, I wouldn't want to be caught dead in possession of that thing if they figure out what's going on."
"If they figure out what's going on, we'll likely wish they'd caught us dead.  That's why I wonder why we ever got involved in this mess to begin with.  It's your problem."
"You would've been involved one way or another; you should be thankful that we taught you the rules before you were simply thrust into the game."
"Thankful isn't nearly the right emotion, Ambassador.  But it is what it is... we'll do what we have to do and get this mess put behind us, where it belongs."
"Certainly The Council told you that there's no way you'll get it moved without, um -- capturing the attention of our friends?"
"They said it was highly unlikely that our efforts would go undetected.  With that being said, I think our goal should be to confuse the hell out of them -- make them work for it..."
"You've already got a plan in place?"
"Who do you think you're talking to, Ambassador?  Not only is there a plan, the wheels are already in motion!  You know as well as I do, there's no time to waste!"
"Don't rush it though, sir... I imagine every craft in the sky large enough to move it will be vaporized on sight.  We can't afford to lose Polyphemus, General Tomlinson... it's out last hope."
"We will not lose it, Ambassador... you can mark my words on that.  Besides, I didn't say anything about the wings of my plan being in motion, did I?  No -- I said the wheels." 



Chapter 2


The trusty Cummins engine of my haggard 1989 Kenworth W900 tractor put down its throaty bass line as I rocked and rolled my way towards Mira Loma, California.  I had the stereo cranked up all the way so I could hear the jams over the roar of the old motor, my favorite Lynyrd Skynyrd track pushing me along as the sun peaked over the horizon.
"Well I'm travelin' down the road, got my suit-case by my si-de."  I sang along with the late great Ronnie Van Zandt as he told the story of my life in lyric.  "Blue skies hang-in over my head, I got five-hundred miles to ri-de."
Blues skies were present now, but the night that carried me over to this morning had been rough; lots of fog and rain in the mountains to keep my attention as I held on to the big wheel with white-knuckles.  In my early truckin' days I probably would've stopped and hid, but I've seen just about everything Mother Nature has to offer out here.  I don't often bend to her will any more.  
I was running late, after all, since I'd cut two drive tires back in Ohio.  My rig was loaded to the brim with forty-thousand pounds of chocolate candy, so it wasn't too keen on moving over quickly when I spotted debris in my lane on the freeway.  Shit happens, as they say... there wasn't much I could do but hold on tight and wrestle her over to the shoulder, then wait for the wrecker.  That's another thousand bucks down the drain in rubber -- big truck driving can be a hell of a way to try and make a living.  
Outside of the weather and tire troubles, this run had been pretty straightforward.  I managed to sneak into the MGM when I passed through Vegas, which is always fun.  No help recouping my expenses at the craps table, though... should've known lady luck wasn't on my side before I ever sat down.  I can't resist a good game of dice -- don't ask me why.  I work hard for my money, you'd think I'd be a little more conservative when it comes to laying it out on the line (or the horn as it is in my case -- high-yo!).
"Well I'm a Whiskey -- Rock-a-Rolla!  That's what I am."  I sung on.  "Women, whiskey and mi-les of travelin' -- that's all I under-sta-a-and!"
I pulled my attention from the road ahead and looked down at my gauges when I crossed the line into California, realizing I'd need to stop for one last shot of diesel before I continued on to make my drop.  There wouldn't be time for a shower on this particular detour, but I'd at least have a little time to check out the load boards and figure out how I was gonna make my way back towards home.  My son Sammy's mid-winter break was just a week away... I refused to miss another chance to catch up with him.
A Pilot Travel Center in the distance was calling my name, so I flipped on my turn signal and merged right to catch the exit.  The corrugated stainless steel sides of my trailer caught the sun as I stopped at the traffic light at the end of the ramp, a bright glare blinding people in the little cars next to me.  
My rig was old, but it was clean and well maintained.  I've always been proud of it; even now with nearly two-million miles under my belt with her.  I enjoy polishing and primping her every chance I get.  
The tractor seems powerful with its big, boxy lines and shining Metallic Black Cherry finish.  There's no rust on my ride, baby -- not a spot from front to back.  No dents, creases or folds in the metal... not even scrapes on the sides that most trucks get from brushing against untrimmed tree branches.  I treat her like the queen that she is, and she always take good care of me in return.    
After making a hard right then jogging left into the entrance marked Trucks, I pulled up to the fuel island.  My jaw dropped a bit when I saw that a gallon was gonna cost me nearly four dollars -- they're Nazi's out here on the west coast.  I needed the juice, so I slid my Comcheck fuel card and watched the cents chug away.  
I topped off the tanks on both sides, taking a minute to open my side box and retrieve my trusty bottle of Windex.  I loved working to shine Big Red up by scrubbing the bug carcasses off the front end.  I gave her an affectionate pat on the grill as she rattled on, thanking her for keeping me company on another safe journey across the nation.
The refrigeration device on the trailer was making a knocking noise, so I climbed up on the catwalk of the tractor and opened up the engine doors to see what could be wrong.  My experienced ear could tell right away that it was the compressor getting ready to give up the ghost again... it was worn down pretty bad and the belt had loosened up, so the noise was it beating against the plastic guards.  
The innards of the machine weren't in good shape anymore; I had pushed the unit pretty hard for quite some time, and I was worried that it was gonna die on me any day.
"Hold on there a little longer, Betsy."  I begged the inanimate object.  "I've got some money saved up, I'll get you changed out as soon as we roll back into Tampa."
Closing the doors again, I checked the operator display at the side.  The temperature in the trailer was still holding firm at fifty-five degrees; more than cool enough to keep all the Hershey bars I was loaded with from melting in the California heat.  I hoped that I'd be lucky enough to book a return load that didn't need to run terribly cold.  I could handle some produce or fresh meat, but I wasn't sure I wanted to test my reefer with anything that needed to be kept frozen.  
My finances were tight in the troubled economy, the last thing I needed was a big cargo claim.  I carry good insurance, of course, but my reefer breakdown deductible is three-thousand big ones.  Doesn't sound like much, but it would probably bankrupt me if I had to pay it out all at once on top of fixing my unit.
The fuel pumps had stopping clicking at this point, so I snatched them out of my tanks.  I had apparently run their supply pretty dry, as each of them took a hundred and forty-five gallons.  You regular folks out there think you feel sick when you put fifty bucks in your SUV -- trying looking at the gauge and seeing over eleven-hundred on the display.  Thank god for credit and reasonable interest rates is all I can say...
I took my receipt and filed it away with all the others for my book keeper, Janet, to review when I got back home.  That woman is a life saver, let me tell you.  It's hard enough to muster the energy to keep these eighteen wheels turning without worrying about all the finances and taxes that come along with the territory.  
Janet had been my accountant, and dear friend, for ten long years.  I don't know what I would do without her to sort through the nonsense for me.  She helped keep me grounded, too... such a sweet voice and pleasant demeanor.  That's probably why I call her everyday -- it's nice to have a solid friend to lean on, even when things seem to be going just right.
Keeping with tradition, I dialed her number as I pulled my rig off towards the parking area of this stop off.  
"Good morning, Randy!"  She said with her sweet southern drawl.  She was an older woman, and her increasing age was evident in her voice.  Years of smoking made it a little raspy, but I liked it that way.  Reminded me of my mamma, God rest her soul, and it made me comfortable when I was so far from my home.  "How's it going out there in the sunshine?"
"It's going just fine, Misses Jan."  I returned through a smile, adjusting my leather cowboy hat a bit.  "Had a long night, though -- got a little hairy through the pass, but that's to be expected I guess."
"You be careful out there, Randy!"  She insisted.  "I want you to come home with every one of your precious golden locks right where it was when you left, you hear me?"
"Of course, Misses Jan!"  I chuckled.  
That woman sure loved my hair... never quite understood why.  It's a little greasy, for my taste.  I had kept it shoulder length for most of my adult life, despite my own objections when it comes to comfort in the summer.  I was often tempted to shave it down to a crew-cut, but I've got an image to maintain out here.  My thick sideburns and goatee would look out of place if I cut it, and since it was so popular with the ladies I figured I might as well hold on to it a little longer.  
"Listen," I continued.  "I don't know if my reefer is gonna hold on for the rest of the trip... do I have enough cash tucked away to call up the Thermo King shop when I get back home and have a whole new refurbished unit put on?"
"Oh my -- you're really looking to break the bank, aren't ya'?"
"I know, I know -- but RJ's Cool Moves Transport can't be RJ's Cool Moves Transport if I don't have a good solid reefer on this box."
"No, I suppose it can't."  She replied.  "What kind of backhaul do you have lined up?"
"Well, I don't have one -- yet."  I explained. 
"I reckon you'd better find one quick - there definitely won't be enough cash to cover something like that if you come all the way home empty!"
"I'm fixin' to check the board in a minute, but I didn't see anything too fantastic when I looked last night.  Remember - I have to pull something back towards Florida on this trip, because I've got time with Sammy coming up."
"That's right!  Mid-winter break, isn't it?  I still don't know how you got his mother to agree to let you have him after you bailed out last time."
"Now you know I didn't bail out, Misses Jan, I got held up by the law!  That trooper shut me down for ten hours on account of my log book being behind, so I missed my delivery appointment and had to lay over for the whole weekend.  Wasn't like I did it on purpose."
"Where you gonna take him?"
"We were talking about going to Universal Studios -- he's big enough to ride all the rides now, and I think he'd have a real good time."
"He's the perfect age -- eight is a great time to build memories?"
"Time sure has flown by..."  I returned, remembering the day I took my ex-wife to the hospital like it was yesterday.  We were so happy when little Sammy was born.  
I never would've thought time could do so much damage to a relationship as it had done to her and I.  Life with a baby was just too hard on us, considering I was on the road more than I was home.  She was there, alone, taking care of our son while I was out racking up the miles, trying to keep us at least in the race with The Joneses.  I'd stay out a month, two months at a time -- so when I finally did make it back to town, all she wanted was a break.  
I didn't much enjoy having her just toss him at me when I walked through the door as she walked out in the opposite direction...  I mean, I was tired too -- all I do out here when I'm not driving is eat, sleep or crap.  Eventually, she found what she was looking for on one of her little excursions while I was playing babysitter; a man who would come home every night with his paycheck in hand.
It hurt like hell when she served me with divorce papers.  I guess I can't blame her, though -- what kind of life was I asking her to live?  She was essentially a single mother right from the start, even though I wasn't dead or off having a little party of my own.  I was working; doing what I thought I was supposed to.  Of course, as I understand now, I was neglecting my family in the process.  What was I supposed to do, though?  Trucking is all I'm qualified to do.  
"It works out well for her, too."  I explained.  "Her and new hubby are gonna take a trip to Puerto Rico while they have the chance.  If not for their having that planned, I'm sure I would've gotten a different answer when I asked to have him."
"You ever think about fighting for a better arrangement?"  Janet asked, just as she always does when we talk about Sammy.  "There's no reason you shouldn't have joint-custody.  It's not like your an addict or an alcoholic -- she shouldn't be able to keep him away from you."
"Like I can take time off to be dragged through court... I don't think that's in the cards, girl -- just have to play by her rules for a while, until I can get enough money saved up to open my garage.  Then I can be a real father to my boy."
"You know," She continued with a dire tone.  "I've always been up front and honest with you, Randy.  I don't want to burst your bubble, but I just don't see how you're gonna make this grand idea about opening a garage happen with the way you've been bleeding red ink lately."
"Where there's a will there's a way, Misses Jan.  I'll stay out here 24/7/365 if I have to."
"For all intents and purposes, you're doing that now.  Your just spending too much money keeping that old rig on the road, and these shippers are just too cheap lately!  I think it's time you consider an equipment upgrade... might cost more in the short term, but freeing yourself of these repair bills will pay off in the long run."
"That's not gonna happen... I'd have to sign another lease, even if I could get the financing in order.  I don't want to commit to being stuck out here a day more than I have to -- as soon as I'm able to park this beast and open up shop, I'm done."
"I hope it works out for you, R.J... I really do.  I'll do everything that I can to help."  She paused and let go of a spirited sigh, revealing her lack of faith in my plans for the future.  "I'll look over the books on this end, you go ahead and find yourself a means to pay for your return trip while I do.  I should have an answer for you on the unit shortly -- hopefully it will be good news."
"Thanks, Misses Jan."  I said.  "I'll talk to you again tomorrow."
"Take care, sweetheart."  She replied as I pressed the red button and tucked my cell phone back into the dash.
My body put out a sigh of its own, the pressures of my life working as hard on me as they were on my dear friend.  Obsessing over struggles never got anyone a step further ahead in this world, so I wasn't about to start walking that path.  I cut off the engine to let it rest a while, bringing the vibrations in the cab to a halt.  
There was a strange peace about my little chrome and leather world when the machine was shut off... it almost seemed like a place I'd like to live.  There was no time to enjoy it, however.  I needed some food -- and I still had a delivery to make.



Chapter 3


The Pilot was jumpin' with truckers -- guess a state the nature of California needs a constant infusion of freight, regardless of how sick the national economy is.  That spelled trouble for me, though, because where there are a lot of trucks there aren't a lot of opportunities to make good money.  
Trucking as an industry is among the truest examples of the supply and demand principle that rules our capitalistic society.  Let's say there are ten trucks in town that want to go to Texas, but there are twenty loads that need to get there.  Suddenly it gets real expensive to move freight down to Texas.  He who has the deepest pockets is the one to get his load hauled, and the truckers win the day by demanding three or four bucks a mile.  Flip the script, though -- and say there are twenty trucks looking to haul loads, but now there are just ten to be had.  Now the power is in the shipper's hands.  They play the trucks against each other, forcing them to undercut one another or risk hitting the road with no paying load at all.  Before you know it, guys are quoting prices that have them running at a loss -- but it's better than rolling empty and earning nothing.  My rig gets about six miles per gallon; that hurts when nobody else is helping foot the bill.
There's a popular movement amongst independent truckers lately that hopes to change that principal.  Their tagline is Say no to cheap freight.  The idea is that if none of us is willing to cave in and give away the farm on a rate, the shippers will have no choice but to pay decently.  
Perfect idea on paper, but it could never work in the real world.  There's always gonna be that guy fresh off the boat from El Shithole abroad that will drive a deathtrap of a truck for next to nothing.  This reject pockets every penny instead of putting some back into his business.  Eventually, his rig will break down or fall to pieces, quite possibly killing somebody in the process; but that doesn't matter to this asshole.  To him, the American Dream means eating steak for dinner instead of rice and bread -- even if it means he's putting the lives of everyone else in jeopardy while he earns that meal.  If he survives the death of his truck, he buys another hunk of scrap and starts all over again.  Maybe, one day, we'll find a way to make people understand... but I doubt it.
The drive to hoard every cent is a major component of the problem with this country... we all want to earn as much money as we possibly can, but then we turn around and try to spend as little as possible for the things we need to get by.  That's awfully short-sighted -- like that drawing of the snake that's eating its own tail.  
See, let's say Jane Doe needs a bar of soap but she refuses to pay more than a dollar for a two pack.  Now Joe Blow runs a soap company.  He sits down and figures out that his factory can produce, for the sake of example, a hundred and twenty bars an hour -- so a two pack every minute.  Let's say the ingredients to make that two pack cost ten cents... then there's the wrapper, that costs another ten.  The overhead to operate the factory (the electricity, the water, the rent, the taxes - and so on) boils down to another dime.  Now he's at thirty-cents total cost.  
If the grocery store is gonna sell his two-pack for a dollar, he has to be able to sell it to them for half of that.  He wants to earn a living, so he adds ten more cents to each pack to pay himself.  So far his total cost is forty cents, so that leaves just a dime to pay for labor.  Problem is, making just sixty packs per hour means a dime each is just six bucks.  
His plant is in America... everybody thinks they're above working the line for six bucks an hour -- which is what he would have to pay if he was gonna meet his half-dollar target.  He ends up having to pay twelve bucks an hour, so now his cost is sixty cents per two pack.  If he sells it to the retailer at that price, they aren't gonna take the hit and still sell it for a buck, so they just change the cost of the soap to $1.20 to compensate.  
Jane Doe demands a good wage too, so she should be able to afford to pay that price -- but she refuses.  What happens?  She buys some garbage soap from China, where the workers are essentially slave-labor and do the job for just a dollar a day.  
Of course, Jane bitches and complains because her husband is unemployed and can't find a job.  What about Joe Blow, you ask?  Poor bastard went out of business because nobody bought his overpriced soap.  The people who used to work for him are out on the welfare line, right behind naughty old Jane, who essentially caused the whole f'ing problem.  If she had any sense at all, she would realize that it's all because she wouldn't come off that extra twenty cents.  Her husband could've worked at the soap factory for that twelve bucks an hour had she helped keep Joe Blow in business.  Now, all the jobs have moved away to places where people aren't so damned greedy.      
Anyway -- let me get off of my soap box (I guess that's a pun) and back to the story...
Nearly starving to death, I had gone to the little sub shop inside the truck stop.  I had one eye on the big LCD TV's on the wall serving as real-time load boards while the other watched the minimum wage lackey making my sandwich.  Catching a good load was important, but I don't trust these sandwich artisans as far as I can throw them, and most are pretty portly nowadays.  She scooped a nice portion of tuna on to my sub, so I gave her enough credit to only half watch her.  I'm glad I did, because I caught a glimpse of what might've been my temporary salvation.
"Oceanside, California to Cape Canaveral, Florida."  I read the board aloud.  "One pick, one drop - no touch.  Fifty-three foot reefers, late model equipment.  Easy run, good pay."
Yes!  There must be a God after all!  If this load was real and I could get myself signed on, I'd be in perfect shape!  The only potential hurdle was the whole late model thing -- Big Red and my trailer certainly aren't new, but what a freight broker can't see over the phone can't hurt him!  I had to hurry to a phone before the whole truck stop beat me to the punch, so I broke the cardinal rule and turned my back on the Subway counter.  I raced to a nearby payphone, slid my credit card and dialed the 800 number listed on the screen.
"Good morning, Sunspot Logistics."  A cheerful female voice answered.  "Are you calling about the Oceanside load?"
"Um, yes!"  I replied hurriedly, hoping beyond hope that I hadn't seen the opportunity too late.  "Do you still have a run available?"
"I do!"  She replied to my delight.  "It picks up in Oceanside tomorrow morning, but you have to check in at the gate by midnight tonight.  It has just one stop in Cape Canaveral.  Are you a solo driver or a team?"
"When do they want delivery?"  I asked without revealing my hand.  If they were looking for a team to run constantly and bang the load out in just a few days, I could pop a couple of No-Doze and pull it off by myself.  Log books are made to be manipulated, but brokers don't like to hear that.
"Solo or team?"  She asked snidely again, apparently wise to the game.
"It's just me out here."  I replied, defeated.  
"That's fine."  Came the answer, to my surprise.  "They'll take delivery on Friday, that gives you six full days to make the trip.  No pallet exchange needed, no unloading fees.  We're looking at twenty-nine hundred and fifty miles -- what kind of rate do you need to get it done?"
Ah, my favorite part!  Negotiating time!  Nothing gets my juices flowing quite like a back-and-forth price haggling showdown!  I don't know why, I've just always loved the little game of verbal chess that determines how much bread is gonna be baking in momma's oven at the end of the night.  It can be a fine art against the right opponent, and can make or break a trucker if he's not really careful about how he handles himself.  
Shoot high and you might price yourself right out of the game.  Shoot low and you'll be hauling for pennies on the dollar.  The trick is to start just a bit outside of the range they're looking to pay, then let them haggle you down to their absolute maximum.  If you play the cards right they can actually feel good about overpaying -- like you cut them a deal or something.  Most of the time, they have no idea that you just gouged their eyes out; that's the mark of a true trucking maverick!
"Well,"  I started in my squeaky let me help you tone.  "Fuel is pretty pricey right now, so I'm gonna have to put a surcharge on top of my typical rate.  Then there's the thin freight pool coming out of Florida at this time of year, so I have to take that into consideration as well.  With the miles and the fuel, plus a good buffer of time built in for loading and unloading; I think we're looking about --"  I paused, calculating that perfect number in my mind.  
"I've got fifty-five hundred on it."  She interrupted.
"Deal!"  I answered, satisfied with my work -- though she didn't really let me have my fun.  "You said you were Sunspot Logistics?  I don't know that I've pulled for you before, I might need to sign your contract."
"You haven't."  She replied quickly.  "Where should I fax or e-mail the paperwork?"
I gave her all of my info and hung up, smiling ear to ear with the knowledge that I'd make it home in time to pick up Sammy from his mother's.  It was a decent pay-day too, so I figured I'd be able to float the reefer replacement as well.  
My glee was brought to an abrupt end, however, when I saw the sub woman holding my sandwich all wrapped up in that little clear plastic bag.  I wonder what she could've done to it while I was distracted?  Just to be safe in case it was inedible, I purchased a couple of cookies to go along with it and went on my way.  
The woman at Sunspot said it would take about a half an hour to send the contract and rate confirmation over, so I decided to check out the little store area for a while.  There wasn't much of use, of course.  The typical tourist fare like the refrigerator magnets shaped like the state and such -- I don't need any of that crap, I already have the whole damn set stuck up on the fridge at my apartment.  
I always liked looking over the lighting accessories and other cab goodies, even though I've given up on customizing my ride any further.  I already had the skull gear shift knob, the wizard heads for the door lock pins, the leather steering wheel wrap, the illuminated neon ash tray, the chrome brake valve covers that say Live and Free on either one, the golden switch replacements, the mud flaps with the woman on them, enough marker lights to make my rig look like a Christmas tree, the purple utility lamp on the back end, the grill cover that makes it look like the truck has teeth -- oh, and the fuzzy dice that hang from my CB mic.
Back in the day, when Big Red was young, I used to enter her in those Pimp My Truck competitions.  It was a lot of fun, but I never won enough prize money to cover even a small portion of the dough I put into it.  It was my ex-wife who eventually forced me to stop -- I really owe her a thank you for that.  I would've blinged my way right into the poorhouse if not for her objection.
 While browsing their assorted wares, something unique caught my attention.  It was a little transparent hunk of plastic with a 12-volt plug coming out the back of it, wrapped up a fancy blister-pack with a bold catch phrase across the top.  Let Jesus light your path, it said.  
I had to pick it up and look closer, and I couldn't believe my eyes when I did.  This thing was a little plastic mold of Jesus Christ, draped in robes with his arms spread at his sides.  It had an LED bulb in the middle, and apparently it glowed in one of four selectable colors when you plugged it into your cigarette lighter; red, blue, green or white.  I had to have it!  For the low-low price of $9.99, who wouldn't want it?  
Once I'd looked over the audio books on offer and decided there was nothing of interest, I checked out and went to the communications center to check for my fax.  There was a two-page packet marked to my attention from Sunspot Logistics -- nothing more.  That seemed strange to me since, in my experience, most freight brokers make you initial and sign a twenty-page contract before they even consider telling you who their customer is.  This set of paperwork was much more straightforward and simple than I was used to; but it was apparently all Sunspot wanted.  
There was no legal mumbo-jumbo about trying to steal their customer or diluted requests for proof of insurance; just a sheet detailing the pickup and delivery locations, our agreed upon rate and a space for me to sign.  I did so and faxed it back, then waited a couple of minutes before calling the broker again to confirm that she received it.
"Yes, Mister Johnston."  She said.  "I've got your paperwork together, and we're good to go.  Check in at the gate when you arrive and the shipper will provide further instruction.  I'll need you to call and check in every day once you're loaded and rolling."
"How quickly do you pay?"  I asked anxiously, knowing it would be Janets first question.  
"Seven days after receipt of the signed proof-of-delivery."
"Perfect."  I replied.  "Do you need a copy of my authority -- or cargo insurance?  Anything at all?"
"No."  She returned plainly.  I wondered if she knew what the hell she was doing -- those things are standard requirements.  "We're good to go -- just be sure you're checked in before midnight."
Noting the time, I realized I had to get rolling... I couldn't very well pick up my return load without getting the candy off my wagon first... time for me to fly!



Chapter 4


 My drop in Mira Loma went off just as it should; no long delay at the dock, no problems with the product, not even an outlandish unloading fee to ruffle my feathers.  I got in and out with time to spare, so I set course for Oceanside and went on my way.  
Things were going well for me; perhaps because of my new co-pilot -- glowing Jesus on the dash.  I found that I liked the blue setting best; kind of mellowed the cab out a bit with its cool aura.
I arrived at the designated pickup for my load home just after seven pm -- plenty early, just the way I like to do it.  When I got there I was directed into a bullpen area where fifteen or twenty other trucks were already waiting.  
The lot was huge, so finding a spot to park wasn't a problem for once.  There was a narrow gravel path leading out of the bullpen towards a massive building in the distance, presumably where they did all the loading.  It was tall, wide and long -- but I didn't see any docks on the side that was visible.  It looked a bit like a giant aircraft hanger perched on the shore of the undulating ocean beyond... not like any shipping facility I'd ever seen.  
The sky was growing dark and there were no lights in this area to be found.  The grey was almost threatening, really -- thank God for my little blue messiah.  A storm was brewing, that much was obvious.  Clouds suffocated the twilight, reminding me of the opening scenes of a horror movie set in the deep dark woods near Crystal Lake.  With any luck, I could stave off the appearance of Jason long enough to pick up my load and get on my way -- there were plenty of other truckers here to fulfill his appetite.
I searched for a sign that might clue me in to exactly what I was gonna be hauling, but there didn't seem to be one.  I couldn't tell if this was a fish processing facility, a produce terminal or just some little mushroom shack with a new crop of fungus bound for market.  
It's hard to believe that I'd forgotten to ask the woman at Sunspot what the commodity was -- with the ragged shape my reefer was in, that should've been my first question.  I thought about getting out and asking some of the other truckers waiting, but I didn't want to risk looking stupid.  I mean, who agrees to take a load without knowing what they're gonna be hauling?
I've pulled some strange stuff in my time.  Most people don't realize how much of what they buy has to travel on refrigerated trucks.  Stuff like milk, meat and frozen foods are obvious, but these things make up just a small portion of the cargo that I move around from day to day.  
If you're a woman, you've probably got lipstick in your purse... ever see what happens to it when you leave it in a hot car for a couple of hours?  It melts, right?  That's exactly what it does in the back of a regular trailer in the summer heat, too.  
How about flowers?  Did you know that the roses you got last Valentine's day had spent some time in the back of a truck just like mine?  Well, they did -- and they made a hell of a mess back there, too.  Plants are miserable to haul.  My trailer has a slotted floor to let liquid drain out if something is leaking, and that potting soil loves to get in there and clog things up.  
The only thing I've found worse than pulling flowers is pulling pork bellies on slip sheets.  A slip sheet, in case you aren't familiar with them, is essentially a piece of rigid plastic they line the floor of a trailer with when they're loading fresh meat.  A lot of times they just plop the stuff right down on the sheets; no boxes, no bags, no wrappers -- nothing.  It's all fine and dandy while it's cold, but after you unload the goods and turn the refrigeration unit off, it turns into the smelliest sauna you'd ever care to be in.  I've spent hours trying to power wash the stench out of my box after loads of pork bellies... I don't know what it is about them, they just smell awful.  That's where coffee comes in... a can of fresh grounds can drown out just about any stink.  
The moral of the story is; if it melts in the heat or is damaged by freezing in the cold, it moves on a refrigerated truck.  Be it makeup, milk or body parts from the scene of a terrible disaster.  Don't laugh -- they called reefer trailers to Ground Zero on 9/11... thought they would need to keep all the broken bodies cool until they could sort them all out.  Most were cancelled, though, when they realized there just wasn't much left of the poor people that had died inside those buildings.  Such a terrible tragedy...
There was about an hour worth of paperwork that I'd allowed to pile up that I decided to finally do once I'd parked.  My log book looked like the diagram of a football play, so I had to get that in order first of all.  Truck drivers are required to document what they've done in fifteen minute increments.  There are rules and regulations about how long you can drive and how much time you're supposed to spend resting as a result, and if a D.O.T. (Department Of Transportation) man catches you violating those rules, there is generally hell to pay (not to mention steep fines).  There are, of course, ways to cheat the system, so to speak... it's kinda like working an algebra problem, though, so that's why it takes me so damned long to do.
Once that was out of the way, I was free.  Leaning my seat back, I tilted the steering wheel up so I could stretch out a bit.  As always, I used my boot brush to clean off my leather shit-kickers before putting them up on the dash and sliding my hat down over my eyes.  
The guards at the gate had told me that someone from the building beyond would be checking in with me before long, so I didn't want to get in to the bunk and risk passing out cold.  At this point I'd been going for nearly twenty-six hours (way longer than the law allows, by the way); I was definitely in need of some good beauty sleep.  
There would be plenty of time for that when I was back on Floridian soil, I figured -- though seeing my son for the first time in nearly a year would likely make it difficult even then.  I turned on the radio to keep me awake while I waited, but I tuned in just in time for a news brief instead of a pounding southern jam.
"In other news this hour," a newswoman started up in the typical matter-of-fact tone.  "The National Aeronautics and Space Administration announced today that it's preparing to launch a series of prototypes of the new shuttlecraft from Kennedy Space Center early next week.  These latest incarnations are the culmination of nearly a decade of research and redesign, touting many new safety features in the wake of the disaster that destroyed the Colombia in 2003.  Several variations of the design will be tested over the course of several days, scientists carefully interpreting the data from each unmanned launch to gather as complete a picture as possible of how each unit performs.  The capsule itself is several times larger than the original orbiter and was designed to allow the transportation of large components to the International Space Station.  The first launch is slated to take place on Monday the third at ten am and is sure to be a thrilling spectacle.  There will be ten runs in all over the course of four days, the experiment said to be costing the nation over twenty billion dollars."
  I made a mental note of the date and time, figuring it would be a lot of fun to take Sammy to see it go up.  Living in Florida allowed me to catch a glimpse of launches in the past, and I always enjoyed the hell out of it.  I'm a country boy at heart, but for all my simple ways I'm still enamored at the sight of a huge hunk of steel rising from the Earth on the back of a blazing inferno.  Had life gone differently for me I might've liked to take a ride on that magic school bus -- but as it is, I can barely stand setting foot on a commercial airplane.  The place for Randy Johnston is right here -- on the road with only eighteen bags of air between me and the ground.
My cell phone rang while I was waiting, and to my delight I found that it was Sammy on the other end.  He's a typical boy; doesn't much care for talking on the phone.  I can count on one hand the number of times that it's been he who called me, so I was understandably excited.  He sounded happy to talk to me this time too, which is even more rare.  
There was a bit of an agenda to his call;  he asked if I had a Playstation at home which, of course, I don't.  When he started listing all of the reasons he wanted me to get one for him, it became clear that I didn't have much choice.  I tried to explain that I had planned a fun trip to a theme park for us, but he seemed more interested in being sure he could knock out a few rounds of some fighting game he's hooked on.  
The conversation was going well until I heard my ex-wife droning on in the background.  In response to her prodding, he asked if I was sure that I would make it home in time to pick him up.  I assured him he had nothing to worry about -- or should I say I assured his mother.  Either way, the conversation didn't go much further than that.  Making sure to remind me to pickup his system, he told me he loved me and hung up hastily to get back to whatever he was doing.
While I had the phone on my mind, I decided to call Janet.  I told her about the backhaul so that she could cram all the numbers and make a determination about my ability to replace the unit on my trailer.  She said she was really busy and couldn't talk much, so that was pretty much it.
Shortly after I got off the phone, I saw some action unfolding in the lot.  A couple of black SUV's had driven up the gravel road from the building, and several men wearing dark-green jumpsuits and hardhats had sprung out and started knocking on the doors of some of the other trucks.  
They had clipboards and were busy taking notes of one sort or another while they spoke with the drivers.  Rolling down my window a little, I lit up a Marlboro and tried to hear what was going on.  The rumbling of all the idling trucks made it just about impossible.  Some of the drivers started getting out of their cabs and disconnecting the air lines to their trailers, as if they were getting ready to drop them.  This was apparently the case, as one started cranking the landing gear down while the question man was walking around his rig recording the serial and license plate numbers.
It took about a half an hour for the crew to speak to all of the truckers that had arrived before me, but eventually my turn came up.  A guy in the jumpsuit climbed up on my running boards, grabbing hold of my rearview mirror bracket and pulling it a bit more than I would've liked.
"Good evening."  He said firmly but kindly.  "Name and company, please?"
"Randy Johnston."  I announced.  "R.J.'s Cool Moves Transport."  The man wrote everything down as I spoke, politely nodding to confirm that he'd heard me.
"That's a Thermo-King unit, right?"  He asked, pointing to my worn-down reefer.  "What year?"
"2008."  I lied.  He did a double take and leaned back to examine it closer, clearly realizing that I sliced a decade off of the machine's age.  "New engine in it."  I offered, though that was as tall a tale as my original claim.  
"Okay."  He returned hesitantly.  "Any pallets, bulkheads or blankets inside?"
"Nope -- she's empty."
"Perfect.  Please set it to negative ten, fire it up and drop the trailer for me."
"Negative ten?"  I asked, a bit flabbergasted.  Temperatures that low are usually reserved for ice cream, and I've never heard of anybody taking the risk of shipping ice cream clear across the country.
"Yes sir."  He confirmed. 
"What are y'all about to put on there?"
"Ice blocks."  He answered quickly.  "Once you've dropped it, move your truck over to the eastern side of the lot and settle in for the night."
"Wait a minute, wait a minute."  I protested.  "Drop it and settle in?  You don't think I'm gonna let you move my trailer, do you?"  I'm sure I sounded rather rude - but I'm not one for pointless pleasantries.  Like many independent truckers, I love my equipment.  This guy might as well have asked me to leave my little boy standing alone and go take a nap while they did whatever they would with him.  
"Yes I do."  He returned just as firmly as he had spoken throughout.  
Putting on my tough-guy face, I did my best to come across as strong as I possibly could as I replied.  "Well that's not gonna happen.  This trailer doesn't move unless my truck is pulling it -- that's just the way it is."
"I'm sorry then, sir."  He said without blinking  "If that's the bottom line, I'm afraid we won't be loading you this evening.  I appreciate your concern about the trailer, no hard feelings.  Please leave the lot, we've got quite a few more trucks coming in."  
Without another word, he jumped down off the truck and started walking away.  You believe that?  I've never seen anything like it in my life.  Shippers play hardball every so often -- they're paying the bill, after all -- but I've never had one just tell me to get up off the property simply because I didn't want them fiddling with my trailer.
"Whoa, whoa!"  I called to him, trying to talk my fifty-five hundred bucks out of simply strolling away.  Thankfully he stopped and turned back, but he didn't go so far as to return to my truck until I gave him a bit more.  "Let's talk about this for a minute."  I pled.  "I apologize if I came across badly there, I just don't like the idea of handing my baby off to some part-time switcher."
"We have a professional switcher on site, sir."  He explained.  "We're also fully insured.  All we need to do is hook it up, pull it to the facility for loading, then pull we'll it right back."
"Why can't I just pull it to the building for you?"
"This is a restricted access site -- this is as close as I can let a civilian get to the facility."
I looked back at the building on the horizon; just sitting there at the end of the gravel road.  There were no fences, no guards, no barbed wire... nothing.  This guy was telling me that he couldn't let me get any closer to the facility, yet for all intents and purposes, it looked like I could simply make a run for it and be there before anyone knew what happened.  
That's when I noticed the man hanging out of the tailgate of one of the SUV's... he was wearing a slightly different garb than the lot attendants.  His outfit was distinct and foreboding -- a woodland camo pattern with a large star-spangled patch on his shoulder.  In his clutches was what appeared to be an assault rifle.  Apparently, I was dealing with the military.
"If you scratch my trailer,"  I began, trying to be cordial while still being sure my sincerity was evident.  "I'm not gonna be a very happy man."
"Understood, sir."  He replied.  "If you'd like to proceed with the pickup, please start the unit and drop the box.  We'll wake you up when the load is ready to roll."
"About what time do you figure that will be?"
"Hard to say, sir.  We'll have departures throughout the night... just depends on when your number comes up and you get loaded.  If you'll go ahead and do as I've asked, I'll just need to record some information from your trailer."
The fact that I wasn't happy about it was no secret, but I got out of Big Red and started making preparations to drop my trailer for the first time in quite a while.  This whole scene was a little uncomfortable for me, really, but the load was a perfect fit for my plans.  Once I was loaded and rolling, none of this nonsense would make any difference to me and the business I was trying to press on with.  Something about being watched by men with high powered weapons didn't ease my nerves any, so I was eager to put this place behind me.  
One thing was obvious; there was something more than twenty loads of blocked ice in that building at the end of the gravel road.  To the best of my knowledge, no one has ever paid nearly six g's to move frozen water from the west coast to the east...  I wasn't sure exactly what I'd gotten myself in to, but in the end I figured it really didn't matter.  There was a date to keep with my son -- I was going to be in Florida in time to keep it.  
If the landing gear of my trailer would support its weight once I pulled my truck from under it, that is... between the moaning of the steel as I cranked them down and the frail appearance of the aged welds, it seemed I needed to add that to my growing list of scheduled repairs as well.



Chapter 5


General Tomlinson and Ambassador Butler wore sets of what looked like 80's-vintage headphones to protect their ears from the incredible noise.  The roar generated by a multitude of highly-taxed small engines was unbearable without ear protection.
Several trailers had been pulled into the large space surrounding the men, their diesel powered cooling units working hard to bring the air inside of them to a chilling freeze.  There were all different types to be seen; some white, some black, others nearly every other color imaginable.  
The hot halogen lamps overhead lit one more brightly than the rest, however; its polished stainless steel bounced blinding rays back in all directions.  The two of them surveyed the fleet, checking temperature displays as they passed to ensure proper cooling.
"This is your great plan?"  Butler asked the General, his skepticism clear and pronounced.
"It is -- and it's going to work."  Tomlinson returned with confidence.  "We've already dispatched the first decoy; a real red herring that should attract plenty of attention."
"That was the convoy jeeps and the truck with tanks escorting it at either end?"
"Two M1A2 Abrams and four M60A1 Pattons, to be exact, escorting an armored tractor pulling a seventy-three foot trailer complete with a push truck helping out from behind.  I've 
assigned the balance of the Eighteenth Mechanized Infantry to the transport detail as well.  It'll take our pals quite a while to analyze that arrangement, so we should get at least a day's grace while they figure out how the hell they're gonna stop it.  By the time they realize the damn thing is empty, we'll have the real payload  well on its way to The Cape."
Butler drew in a deep breath, shaking his head.  "I think a full day might be a little optimistic, General."  He said.  "There's no reason to believe that they won't simply blast your little rubber ducky right off the landscape."
"The Council doesn't seem to think that our friends will be so quick to destroy Polyphemus.  It represents quite an advance in technology, even for your people.  They think it's more likely that they'll attempt to acquire it -- undamaged."
"What?"  Butler exclaimed.  "To what end?"  He was more than a little put out by the fact that The Council of his own people seemed to trust Tomlinson more than they did him.  In years past, their roles had been reversed -- Butler feeding the information to The General instead of the other way around.  They had a lot of faith in this man... he had earned it, though, so it wasn't worth stressing about.
"I can't say, Ambassador, because I don't know.  I'm not sure what they could hope to do with it, considering they'd essentially be stranded with it right here in our backyard.  Maybe they just want to have a look at it before they make it go away, nobody knows for sure."
"Still, they'll figure out that the convoy is a decoy rather quickly, I imagine."
"Maybe, but just the first of many.  We've got a total of fifty trucks here tonight that we're gonna load up and ship out at random intervals.  Forty-nine will have empty blocks of ice, concrete and steel inside... one will have product of The Project."
"Are they all going different places?"
"No... The Cape is the obvious destination, sending trucks anywhere else would make them useless in our deception.  They won't look twice at them."
"Maybe that's the key -- maybe we send the real load somewhere else just to throw them off for a while."
"It wouldn't do much good, they know it would eventually turn up on the launch pad.  Besides that, there's always the chance that the damned thing might thaw out while we're jockeying it around the country.  No one wants to consider what might become of us if that happened.  Our only hope is to keep them guessing as to where the payload actually is."
"What makes you think they won't just snatch all of the trucks up and sort it out later?"
"We don't believe they have the means to do that... not within range of getting here in time, at least.  They'll have to pick one or two targets and hope they chose the right one."
"I was told they had a full detachment not far off, possibly headed this way already."
"They're two weeks out, at best.  By the time the reinforcements arrive, this whole ordeal will be over.  We're hoping they'll decide there's no point in causing a further scene once they're here... but there are no guarantees.  It could get real ugly real quick -- and we're just not prepared for that contingency as it stands right now."  Tomlinson admitted, clearly disturbed at the thoughts racing through his mind.
"We'll stand by you, you know that."  Butler promised. "We'll throw all the irons in the fire to protect you, if that's what needs to be done."
"A noble gesture, but you and I both know you're hardly in any condition to save us."
"Sadly, you're right.  The war hasn't been going well lately... we're down to the wire.  If what we're trying to do here doesn't come together, we're as good as dead... the whole lot of us.  I don't know what went wrong; someone, somewhere made a catastrophic mistake sending our last hope here -- I just hope it doesn't become our epitaph."
Tomlinson nodded grimly in agreement.  The stakes were high; the potential outcome dire.
"God help us if this doesn't work, Ambassador -- God help us all."



Chapter 6


Despite the fact that I was dog-tired, I had a terrible time getting to sleep.  Hours went by and I was still restless, so I eventually crawled out of the sleeper berth and took my seat behind the wheel for a while.  
The crowd of tractors seemed to have thinned out a bit, and every ten minutes or so a switch-truck would bring a trailer down the long gravel road and drop it.  A man in a jumpsuit would wake up yet another driver and send him, or her, along their way.  
There was something strange about the trailers when they came out of the building in the distance... almost creepy, really.  Every time the big bay door of the place rolled up, a thick white vapor came pouring out -- like that fog that comes off of dry ice when you put it in water.  
After a second or two, the switch-truck would come blasting out of the haze, then the door would roll back down just as quickly as it had opened.  The wagons continued to put off the fog even after the switcher had dropped them, and they almost seemed to glow a little bit.  Not glow like my little blue Jesus -- it was just a subtle effect, though it seemed entirely unnatural.  
Seeing as this was some sort of military operation, I thought maybe they were hitting the damned things with x-rays or something like that to check them out before they loaded them.  Either that or they cleaned them out with some space-age lasers or something.  Whatever it was, it was strange... I was fixing to get real worked up if my trailer looked all jacked up like that. 
My throat was starting to hurt because I was smoking like a chimney; guess I was just anxious to get rolling.  The sky was pitch black at this point, even the stars being choked out by the smog blowing up from Los Angeles.  The storm that I expected never came; that's too bad, because the sound of falling rain always helps me get to sleep.
Eventually I leaned over the wheel and nodded off for a couple of winks, but it wasn't much at all.  My slumber was interrupted by a maddened pounding on my door.  I probably never would've known that I had fallen asleep at all, if not for the trail of slobber running between my mouth and the dash when I sat up to see what was happening.  
To my great relief, my trailer was in the lot looking to be in one piece.  The switcher who had dropped it was standing on my running boards, wearing a goofy smile that startled the hell out of me.  As I rolled down my window, he handed me a steaming Styrofoam cup of coffee.  Nice touch...
"Wake up, sleeping beauty!"  He said with a feigned cheerfulness.  "Coffee's on the house - better drink it quick, because I need you off the lot within fifteen minutes.  Cream and sugar?"
"No, I take it black."   
He jumped down off my truck and walked back to his machine, shouting paperwork's in the doc-box.  The coffee smelled really good and I was in need of a caffeine booster, so I drank it up.  
It wasn't the best coffee I've ever had, but it wasn't bad.  I think it was the cheap instant stuff, though, because there were  granules of some sort in the bottom of the cup.  One chunk was pretty large, getting lodged in my throat for a second on the way down.  
Choking it back, I got out of my truck and took a lap around my wagon to be sure they hadn't busted it up any.  As promised, it was in perfect condition.  No scuffs, dings or bites taken out of the sides or my tires.  
There was a massive bolt through the handle-locks on the back door.  Shippers generally seal loads to be sure that nobody tampers with the cargo.  The idea is that they put something through the handles that has to be broken in order to open them.  Whatever they use has a number on it, which is recorded on the delivery papers.  If the numbers don't match, the receiver knows that somebody was tinkering with the load.
The freight I deal with usually has just little plastic zip-ties with numbers on them -- maybe thin metal ones if it's a USDA inspected load of meat or something.  I carried a set of tin snips in the cab to cut them once they had been verified against the paperwork by the receiver, but there was no way in Hell I was gonna get this big ol' thing they used off my rig by myself.  This was a serious seal -- these guys wanted to make damn sure nobody went nosing around in there.
The trailer was glowing a bit like the others, and smoking just as much as I had been.  It seemed harmless, though, so I didn't waste any time in hooking up and wrestling that damned landing gear back into place... within about ten minutes I was good to go.
Before I left, I retrieved the paperwork from the aluminum box on the front of the trailer.  It was pretty lame, really; just had the address of the receiver and listed the contents as 39,900lbs - Frozen Ice.  I guess maybe they have such a thing as un-frozen ice in California -- that's city folk for you.  
While I was up in that area of the rig, I decided to check out the innards of the reefer to see how things were going.  It almost looked like they had replaced the belts in it, as they all seemed tight and weren't flopping around anymore.  That would be unheard of though, so I chalked it up to my imagination and climbed back into the cab.
As always, I pulled against the trailer with the truck in low gear before I released its brakes, just to be sure that I was firmly hooked up.  The tractor shuddered when I did -- this was a heavy load.  
There was that satisfying sound of air when I pushed in the brake valves and freed the beast of its chains, ready to haul off towards home.  I threw it into fourth gear - like I always do to get rolling - and let off the clutch nice and slow (I'm gentle on my clutches because they cost so much to adjust).  When I stepped on the throttle, I expected to get going... but instead, I stalled the god damn truck.  
If you're not a truck driver, you have no idea how embarrassing it is to stall your truck.  It's kind of the equivalent of going to fart and shitting your pants... everybody gets a good chuckle out of you when you do it.  Only rookies and idiots stall their damned trucks...  I hadn't done it in ten years, until this night; had hoped to never have it happen again.  Looking around and praying nobody was watching, I pitched the stick back to neutral and fired up my engine once again.  
Not wanting a repeat performance, I dumped into third gear this time.  I took it even slower than I had before, and it's a good thing I did.  Even with the extra torque, the truck still shuddered and hesitated.  
I pushed the clutch back in and let off the gas to keep the engine from petering out again.  That's when I knew that my load weighed considerably more than thirty-nine thousand pounds the papers claimed it did.  
My big ol' Cummins is capable of putting out four hundred twenty-five horsepower - it could pull God down off a cloud if I could get a rope around him.  I've never had a problem getting a load of legal weight up and moving.  Believe it or not, I had to use first to make her roll.  I don't think I've ever had Big Red in first gear.  
This facility was off a rather desolate stretch of highway, so I got to try out all twelve remaining gears in short order.  The truck didn't mind getting up to that sixty-five MPH mark, but it took a looooonnng time to get her there.  If I so much as twitched and let my foot come off that accelerator for a split second, my express ride slowed down immediately.  
There was a scale-houses on the interstate between me and Arizona, not to mention probably sixty along the route to Florida.  I wasn't about to waste as much time as it would've taken to dodge every one of them, so I decided I'd have to make a pit stop to weigh the boat myself in case the written weight was as misleading as I thought it was.
There are rules about how much your truck can weigh, just like there are about how long you can drive at a time.  A weigh-station (scale-house or chicken coop, in trucker talk) is basically a Department Of Transportation outpost where they try to find reasons to cut tickets to drivers.  When they're open, every truck on the road has to pass through, driving over scale pads in the pavement.  If you weigh more than you should, or for some reason the guy operating the scale decides he wants to give you a hard time, you get a signal to pull off.  Once you're back behind the coop, they can inspect your truck and paperwork for an excuse to fine you.  In my experience, they usually find one -- no matter how ridiculous it might be.
In the case of my rig (and most 18-wheelers on the road, for that matter), the overall weight limit is eighty-thousand pounds.  The front axle (or the steer) can't come in at any more than twelve thousand, then the set of two axles (or tandems) at the rear of the tractor and the set at the rear of the trailer can't be any more than thirty-four thousand each.  So long as the total is under eighty, you can adjust the weight on each axle by sliding them forward or back on the truck, shifting the overall distribution.
As it happens, my gross weight with this load came in at closer to ninety-thousand, just as I'd suspected.  I was illegal... if I dared to cross a scale, I'd get a hefty ticket on the spot... and there was nothing that I could do about it.  This really pissed me off.  
I called Sunspot to tell them that I was returning to the shipper to make them take off some of the load.
"I'm sorry."  The woman I talked to explained.  Oddly enough, it sounded like the same woman I spoke with earlier in the day.  Usually there are different shifts -- I figured the woman on duty at three am would be someone different than the one that had been on at noon, but apparently I was mistaken.  "It won't be possible to remove any of the load."
"Sounds like you're shit out of luck."  I answered.  "There's no way I can get this load across the country like this."
After putting me on hold for about fifteen minutes, the woman returned.  She said that she had looked into some over-weight permits that would get me passed the scales.  I had heard of that before, but never had to deal with it.
"That's fine."  I said.  "But what about all the extra wear and tear it's gonna put on my engine and suspension?  What about the extra fuel it's gonna burn?"
"Would another thousand cover it?"  She asked.
Bonus!  I didn't expect that much -- I was fishing for a few hundred.  I sure as hell wasn't gonna turn it down, though.  
She told me to hang out at the truck stop for a while and wait for a new round of faxes.  It took an hour or so, but eventually the permits came through.  I slapped one of the papers in the windshield, as the instructions said to do, and set off once again.
My nerves were shot regardless when I drove through the first weigh-station, but I got a green light and rolled on by like it was just another day.  Not a bad gig -- things were shaping up okay after all.
I was feeling good when the sun started to rise, so I kept on trucking.  The glowing of my trailer had faded during the night, and there wasn't any more frosty air coming off it than was usual with a frozen load.  The bitch was definitely heavy, that much I can't deny... but Big Red was a ballsy girl and she took it in stride.
I-10 took me all the way into Arizona before I started feeling really tired.  Passing just south of Phoenix, I realized I was gonna need to stop for a break, so I figured I'd shut it down for a couple of hours.  
I had hit a little construction traffic, so the three-hundred and sixty miles I'd traveled had taken me just over seven hours.  It was almost one in the afternoon when I hit the Iron Skillet inside of a T.A. Travel Center and had a nice big Country Fried Steak.  A full stomach drug me even further down into the depths of exhaustion, so I kicked off the clothes and tucked myself in for a nice nap.
Sleep was bliss; if you've never pushed yourself really hard for an extraordinarily long period of time you must try it; if only to see  how good it feels when you finally close the book for the day.  The depth of my snooze was so incredible that I had perhaps the most vivid dream I've ever experienced in my life.
Nightmares are things I don't often have, but when they do occur, they're usually pretty stellar.  This one was no exception.  At first, it seemed like any regular mundane dream.  
I woke up back at the house I used to live in when I was married to Sammy's mother.  No, she wasn't there -- though that would've made for a pretty miserable nightmare too.  The whole place smelled like blueberry pancakes; those are my favorite, and my boy loves them just as much as I do.  
Getting out of bed was tough, every joint in my body screaming in protest.  That happened a lot back when I used to drink like a fish when I was in my hometown.  Based on the taste of the burps I was letting loose, I decided that the night before had been spent with Miller Lite and a few Jaeger Bombs.  
Stumbling out of the room, I realized that Janet was over and was the reason my place smelled like breakfast.  She had a hell of a spread laid out; bacon, sausage links, hash browns, scrambled eggs and, of course, a huge stack of blueberry pancakes complete with a jug of genuine maple syrup.  She was wiping down the counter when I caught her eye.  As usual, she greeted me with a huge smile.  Her face really showed her age; she had lived hard in her prime, and she paid the price with her looks.  
"Good mornin', Sunshine!"  She beamed, her crow's feet accentuating her sparkling blue eyes.  Her bleach-blonde hair was cemented in its trademark pompadour and seemed unphased by all of the work she must've done to put this feast together.
"Howdy, darlin'!"  I returned through a yawn.  "What are you doing here this morning?"
"I was in the neighborhood."  She replied as she pulled a batch of croissants from the oven.  "So I figured I'd surprise my two favorite guys with a little breakfast."
"Little?  You've got everything but the biscuits and gravy made up!"
"Do y'all want some biscuits and gravy to go with it?"  She asked, entirely willing to whip some up if I so desired.
"No, Misses Jan."  I chuckled.  "This'll do just fine, thank you very much."
"Don't mention it.  It's the least I could do to help y'all celebrate this special day!"
"Special day?"  My mind started racing, wondering what event I was forgetting about this time.  I looked around for clues, but there weren't any that I could detect.  This was a dream, after all, how the hell was I supposed to know when it was taking place?  Try as I might, I couldn't figure it out, so I went ahead and put myself out on that line.  "What's special about today?"
Janet made that oh my God face, like she couldn't believe her ears, and covered her mouth with her bling-enhanced hand.  Being my accountant paid well, I guess -- or maybe she had some real clients that helped subsidize her excess.
"You forgot?"  She whispered, looking around to be sure no one else was listening.  "Today is Sammy's first communion!"
"Oh."  I replied plainly, trying to sneak my hand into the croissants only to be slapped away by the chef.  My ex and I weren't really the religious types back then.  Actually, we were quite the opposite.  I didn't find The Lord until the suicide scare after my divorce was finalized, and even now it's really just a comfort thing.  I haven't seen the inside of a church in quite a while.  I pretended I was excited, though, because obviously Janet thought it was a pretty big deal.
I heard a door close down the hall and saw Sammy coming out, rubbing sleep from his eyes.  He looked to be about the age he was now -- not the toddler he was when I was with his mother.  
His Transformers pajamas were a little snug; just like in the picture of him that I have on the dash board which his mother sent to me recently.  My boy looked exhausted and was staggering just as badly as I had been when my hangover carried me out to the kitchen.  I pulled the stool next to me at the counter out for him and smiled, tapping the seat like you would to invite your dog to come sit with you.  He climbed up and sat, still trying to wrestle some crumbs of the sandman's magic crud off his face.
"Good morning, little man!"  Janet greeted him.  "I made you some of your favorite pancakes for this special day!"
"Thanks, mam."  He said with perfect manners; just as we had taught him.
"Hey champ."  I said.  "Did you sleep well?"
"Not really."  He replied.  "This strange light kept me up."  He finally cleared his eyes and looked up at me, which is when I realized that they were entirely blood-shot.  
"Oh my God!"  I exclaimed.  "Do your eyes hurt, pal?"
"No."  He explained.  "But it feels like I've got rocks in my throat, and my mouth stings a little."
"Open up - let me have a look."
Sammy did just as I asked, and I was horrified at what I saw.  As soon as he opened his mouth, a deluge of blood came pouring out onto my lap.  
"Jesus, Sammy!"  I cried out as I reached for paper towel.  
No matter how much of it I soaked up, more came pumping out.  There didn't seem to be any cuts that I could see, but something was clearly way wrong.  His breath was hot on my face as I tried to examine him, and it was foul as well.  
People have told me that they smelled death around relatives before they passed away...  I've never had a chance to catch a whiff of it, but I imagine that it smells just like Sammy's mouth did at that moment.
"Hold still, baby!"  I ordered him in panic.  
He and Janet both seemed unphased by what was going on, which was boggling my mind because Janet is the biggest worry-wart I've ever met.
"It's okay, dad!"  He insisted.  "Just leave it alone!"
Stunned, I stopped wiping him and let him close up, red still oozing out between his lips.  Janet forked a couple of pancakes onto a plate and set it down on the counter in front of him.  He let the blood rain down on them like it was syrup or something, then took his fork and started eating them -- like it was the normal thing to do.  
Instinct made me jump up out of the stool and back away until I was flat against the wall.  Without a word, Janet tore a piece of pancake off his plate and dabbed it in the fluid.  Watching her eat it made me feel sick, but she seemed to be loving it.
"What the hell?"  I gasped.  "Sammy, what's going on?"
He and Janet glared up at me like I was an alien or something, then went right back to eating their breakfast.  I looked them over really well and realized there was much more than met the eye going on here.  
These people looked like my son and best friend; they even sounded and smelled like them, but they weren't the people I knew and loved.  Physically they were, but on the inside, they were something else all together.  
It was a horrifying notion... someone or something foreign was in my son -- posing as him.  I wondered if Sammy was still in there at all, or if he'd been wiped out somehow.  Looking at him harder I knew; my son was dead.  This imposter had killed him and taken over his body.  My boy was gone... I would never be able to see him again.
I woke up with a start in a cold sweat, my mattress and bedspread soaked through and through.  Catching a shower before I left the truck stop was among my plans anyway, but now there was simply no choice.



Chapter 7


Despite my exhaustion, the nightmare had woken me up after only four hours of sleep.  After I took my shower, it was eight o'clock in the evening.  I decided to hang around at the T.A. for a while to get my bearings before heading out.  
They had a little self-serve coffee station, like every other truck stop in the country, so I made myself a nice big jug full of Dark Mountain Roast and drank it black, as usual.  It opened my eyes a bit more, but I was still weak and out of it.  That dream had really shaken me up.
A little cafe area outside of the Iron Skillet looked like a good place to sit and read a newspaper, so I decided to go for it.  There was nothing exciting going on, really, outside of the numerous articles about what NASA was up to with this new shuttle.  Everybody was complaining about how much money they were blowing in trying to revive the space program while the rest of the country was still in the throes of a recession.  I don't understand why everybody wastes their breath whining about what the government does with our taxes; they've got all the cards, I don't remember the last time the people were able to really affect any change in how they burn their dough.
A television was showing a ballgame off in the corner of the place.  Several truckers were gathered around, cheering on their teams.  The action seemed to be building when that annoying newsflash music started in and the picture cut away to show a big fire smoldering in the middle of what looked like an interstate highway.  I couldn't really hear what the reporter was saying, but I gathered that a truck had exploded in rush hour traffic and killed the driver along with several other motorists.  
There were all sorts of army vehicles around, burning in the blaze; jeeps and tanks, it looked like.  What was left of the truck's trailer was broken in two and had some sort of liquid leaking out of it.  It wasn't a tanker or anything; just a regular looking box -- maybe a bit larger than usual, but otherwise entirely normal.  The tractor had been just about reduced to ash, so there was no telling what company it belonged to or anything.  Poor sucker; I can't imagine having my truck burn up like that on the evening news.  Lucky for the driver that he didn't survive; getting caught up in a mess like that is mighty expensive, even if you have good insurance.
I tried to call Sammy to help settle my nerves, but there was no answer at his momma's house.  They tuck him in pretty early on school nights and don't really like to have the phone ring, so I figured I'd probably just gotten myself into yet more trouble.  Meaner, nastier people than my ex have been angry with me in the past, so I wasn't terribly worried about it.
Time was wasting away faster than I was comfortable with, so I decided I should go.  Big Red had gotten a nice rest out in the lot; I almost felt bad waking her up.  My reefer was still running surprisingly well, holding temp at negative ten just as it should've been.  
Ten o'clock had come and gone, it was closer to ten thirty when I rolled back out onto the freeway.  My luck being what it is, I pulled right into a thick traffic jam.  There didn't seem to be any good reason for the backup, so I fired up the old CB to get a feel for what was going on.
"Looks like a wreck at the forty-two."  A deep voice made note.  I was back at the thirty-four -- eight miles removed from the crack-up.  It must've been a fatal crash to shut the freeway down the way it had.  Guess my luck wasn't as bad as it could've been; I was still breathing; unlike the poor fool up the road.
"Are they workin' to clear it?"  I asked in response.
"They're scraping the guy off the pavement right now; was in a convertible and got a real close hair-cut when it rolled.  Probably gonna be a little bit yet."
After about fifteen minutes, we started moving just a bit.  It was slow, and it looked like only one lane was getting by.  The deep voiced trucker came on the radio and said they had cleared the left side, so I put on my signal and started trying to wrestle my way over.  Eventually, a friendly four-wheeler flashed his lights at me to signal that he was gonna let me in, so I threw the big wheel left and fought against the heavy load I was pulling to wiggle over.  
Suddenly some reject in a little sedan came blasting around the guy who had stopped -- and tore ass towards me.  I had Big Red half way into the lane, but this guy acted like he didn't even know I was there.  He just kept speeding through the space between us, like he was about to take the checkered flag at the Daytona 500 or something.  
I reached up and grabbed for the air-horn, letting out a long blast as I tried to muscle my truck out of his way.  It was no use, though; he plowed into the front corner of my truck, nearly bouncing right off of my steer tire.  I had my window down when he hit, so a big cloud of smoke and debris rained in on me after the sickening crunch his little car made as it folded up.  His tires squealed as the impact bounced him off to the left, straight into the concrete divider, where he had a second collision and came to an abrupt halt.  
"Son of a bitch!"  I shouted as bits of glass, stone and metal kicked up into my cab. 
I set my parking brakes and threw her in neutral, putting on my hazards right where I sat and jumping out of the truck.  My first concern was Big Red; she had never been hit by anything, let alone a speeding asshole in a Toyota.  The stainless steel of my wrap-around front bumper was bent out quite a bit and chipped up.  Thankfully he didn't do any real damage, outside of what had happened to the fender.  
"I'm sorry, girl!"  I soothed my baby.  "If this guy isn't dead, maybe I'll kill him for ya'."
The air stunk of coolant and burnt rubber as I marched over to where this guy's car had come to a rest.  He was climbing out of the passenger side, as his door was pressed tight against the barricade.  
"Gosh, I'm sorry!"  He said as he looked at what was left of his Camry -- it was clearly totaled between the folded up front end and what appeared to be a busted axle.  "I didn't see you."  He continued.
"I blew my horn, sir."  I offered.  "And my truck is about as bright as the North Star with all those lights I've got on it.  Are you okay, though?  Looks like you took a hell of a ride."
"I'm fine."  He said, stepping up face to face with me.  "Guess we should exchange information.  You should go back to the truck and get your paperwork."
"Let's call the cops first."  I replied.  "You're gonna need a wrecker, too."
"No!"  He demanded, his face changing from what had been an apologetic look to something all together different; almost angry, I'd say.  His grimace broke after a moment, though, and he chuckled a little bit before trying to be cordial once more.  "Look, I've got a suspended license.  I just don't want to get into any trouble, whattaya say we exchange information and get back on our way?"
I got the sense that he was lying, but if he was cool with just walking away, I figured it wouldn't hurt my feelings any either.  A crash investigation could take hours, and I wasn't in the mood to be hanging out on the side of the freeway.  My log book looked a little funny to boot, and the last thing I wanted was to end up catching blame for the accident on account of fuzzy record keeping.  
Cars behind us had started honking because traffic was rolling a bit now, and I had my rig blocking the way.  Agreeing to the man's suggestion, I got back in the cab and pulled Big Red off to the left shoulder to allow everyone else to go about their business.  My paperwork is neatly filed in a binder under my bunk, so I dug it out and went back to wrap up my affairs with the idiot who bent up my ride.
Traffic started moving freely now, cars whizzing by my truck as I stepped out.  I guess they'd cleared the wreck ahead.  The man had a pen and paper out and ready, so I handed him my license and insurance card.  I took his and started writing his name and address on the back of my log book.  He began copying stuff down as well, speaking to me as he went.
"I'm really sorry I dinged up your pretty truck."  He began.  "I hope I'm not gonna get you in any trouble with your boss."
"I'm my own boss."  I explained.  "I own the truck; the only trouble will be for my pocketbook before I get your insurance company to reimburse me."
"I see you're from Florida."  He continued.  "That where you're headed?"
"Yeah, it is."
"You coming out of California?"  He asked strangely.  "Oceanside, maybe?"
The way he said the words sent a chill up my spine.  I stopped writing and looked up at him; he wasn't copying info any more... he was staring at me in a way that made me uncomfortable; like he was eager to hear my response, as though it were a pass or fail test.  There was nothing on the paperwork I had given him that said anything at all about where I had been.  How the hell did he know I came out of Oceanside?  Why did he care?  
"No," I lied, but I really can't even say why.  "Pulled this load straight out of Compton."
"Oh really?"  He frowned a bit, still staring at me.  
"Really."  I went back to writing, hoping he would look away for the sake of my nerves.
"That reefer of yours sounds like it's running pretty hard."  He noted.  "Must be pretty cold in there, huh?"
"Yep."  
There was a pause.
"Whatchya haulin'?"  He blurted after thirty seconds or so.
"Ice cream sandwiches."  I answered.
"Oh wow!  I love ice cream sandwiches!"
"I prefer King Cones, Mister --"  I hesitated, looking over his ID.  "Kramer."
"Call me Al."  Kramer requested before pausing for an abnormal period of time again.  "Seems an awfully long way to haul ice cream sandwiches... all the way from Oceanside to Cape Canaveral."
I froze again, turning up to look at this stranger once more.  He was still staring at me, but he was smiling now... like he knew I was spouting bullshit at him.  
His papers were blowing around in his hand, so I looked down at what he had been writing; it was a shapeless blob of scribbles... he hadn't copied any information down at all.
"I picked them up in Compton."  I repeated, my discomfort probably showing as plain as day.  "Look, I've got everything I need.  I'm gonna get back on my way if you don't mind."
"What's in your truck, Randy?"  Al asked, his eyes burning into mine like lasers.  They were hypnotic; deep and intense.  I felt the wind blowing in my mouth as it dropped open, my arms feeling suddenly heavy and cumbersome.  My legs went weak, like they do when I see blood, and a wave of cold swept over me from my feet up to my forehead.  
"Ice cream."  I answered slowly, not to be sarcastic but because it was somehow difficult to speak.  I was weaving back and forth now, feeling like I was under some kind of spell that made it seem like I was about to faint.
"You're lying to me, Mister Johnston."  He said in a chilling tone; the kind judges use as they tell you that you've been sentenced to die in the gas chamber.  "Tell me what's in your truck, or I will hurt your son... I will kill Sammy..."
My heart sank to my knees, little or no doubt in my mind that whoever this man was, he had the means to do exactly what he was suggesting.  It was as if the knowledge that he could reach my boy had been -- planted in my head....
"I --" I hesitated.  "I don't know."
The man clearly didn't like my answer.  The smile disappeared from his face, and a frightening scowl came to the surface.  He cocked his head to the side and kept drilling in with his eyes before suddenly grabbing two handfuls of my shirt and yanking me towards him.  
"Oh, but I think you do!"  He said.
A ring appeared around his pupils; a brilliant glow like the flashbulb of a camera, but constant instead of coming and passing.  It spread across the whole of his brown iris until the light was all there was.  A beam emerged and zapped into my own eyes, blinding me for a moment.  
It felt like he was digging into my mind somehow... reaching in and scooping out bits of information while digging for something specific.  When the haze the beam had created cleared, the man's gaze was a fiery violet.  The eyes looked human enough, but the color was something I've never seen occur naturally in any form.  It made him look entirely evil; like a monster in the flesh, staring me down.
That's when I noticed the breath... it was hot and smelled foul, yet familiar.  It was the same stench that I had detected on Sammy's mouth in my dream -- just before he started eating the bloody pancakes.
Another wave of blue crossed my face, then one of red.  I tore my stare away from his eyes and saw the source; a police cruiser had pulled up behind the man's vehicle with his beacons flashing.  The guy let go of a my shirt and rubbed at his face for a minute, then revealed a perfectly normal set of brown peepers just the same as the ones he'd had before he grabbed hold of me.
"Everything okay here, gentlemen?"  A cop asked as he stepped out of his car.
"Yes sir."  Kramer responded, turning to face him.  "We had a bit of a fender-bender and were just exchanging information."
Fender bender,  I wondered... I looked over at his Camry and found it to be just about entirely intact; only a little ding in his front bumper showing that there had been any collision at all.
"You want me to take a report?"  The cop inquired.
"No sir -- there's really no damage."  Kramer answered.  "We're all set, actually, don't let us keep you."
"Officer!"  I chimed in.  
Kramer's head swung around violently and he locked his stare on me once again.  He looked ready to tear my head right off of my shoulders if I uttered the wrong word.  I wasn't sure what he was, but I knew that he could kill both the cop and I in a heartbeat if he wanted to.
"Yes sir?"  The officer asked.
"The traffic looks a little heavy."  I returned, suppressing what I really wanted to tell him for fear of the stranger's retribution.  "Can you pull out into the lane so that I can get a safe start?"
"Sure -- whenever you're ready."
I didn't give this Kramer guy another look, I just turned and jogged back to Big Red as quickly as I could given the unsteady nature of my legs.  Once inside, I put my turn signal on right away, not wasting a second.  The squad car pulled off the shoulder and waited, so I dumped it in gear and started rolling.  I watched the mysterious man fade into the background in my mirror; still standing there, staring at me as I drove away.
My heart didn't stop pounding until he disappeared well into the distance behind me, and even then my adrenaline was pumping like mad.  I didn't know what the hell was going on... I didn't want to know... I just wanted to get home; to see my boy... alive, just as I had left him. 



Chapter 8


The General was comfortably tucked in to his bed, having reached the end of another long day jammed with meetings and conferences.  He was alone, a life dedicated to climbing through the ranks of the military having robbed him of his chance to settle in and start a family.  
That was okay, because Richard Tomlinson was a different sort of man; dedicated, determined and driven to a fault.  Loneliness never bothered him, and he didn't care much for kids to begin with.  Snot and spit up turned his stomach worse than dismembered bodies and the horrors of war, so things had worked out well for him, all in all.
Even comfortably tucked in is a bit of an oxymoron when it comes to his particular take on sleeping.  Despite his advancing age, the General wasn't comfortable unless he was at his desk working.  The Army had tried to nudge him into retirement several times, but he was determined to work right through the moment of his death.  
His station assignment kept him going 24/7, which he loved.  When the sun went down and he started to feel the effects of fatigue, he slipped his thick frame into a ribbed tank top and pair of jogging pants; acceptable attire to race out into the night if a situation demanding his immediate attention arose.  The ringer of the old rotary-dial corded phone at his bedside was turned to its loudest setting, just in case someone might call.  He generally hoped that someone would, because an hour spent asleep was an hour wasted, so far as he was concerned.
As often happened when projects of great significance were on the table, it rang on this night.  He woke up and had his wits about him instantly, despite the fact that his clock read three AM.  He was never the type to sleep heavily.  Switching the lamp on his nightstand, he reached for the notepad and pen he kept there as he answered.
"Tomlinson here."  He started.
"Rich -- It's Butler."  The Ambassador announced.  "I'm sorry to wake you."
"I wasn't sleeping."  The General returned.  "What's going on?"
"We've got a real problem."  Butler continued, sounding panicked.  "They're here, General...  I don't know how they're doing it, but they're everywhere."
"What do you mean they're everywhere?"  Tomlinson asked.  "More than the ones who destroyed the decoy?"
  The General had spent hours on the phone when word came in about the demise of his red herring.  The armored tractor he sent out with the Eighteenth Mechanized Infantry had been ambushed in transit.  That handful of bad guys they had suspected were hiding out somewhere nearby had made themselves known, bringing the convoy to a halt by stopping six tractor-trailers in front of the decoy, right in the middle of the interstate.  
Tomlinson had gotten the call from the commander on the ground for direction when it happened.  No one had expected the showdown to take place in broad daylight in such a public setting; the General couldn't give the order to attack trucks with tanks and assault rifles right in the heart of Louisiana.  
The insurgents wasted no time in jumping out of their rigs and fighting their way through the truck's defenses in brutal hand-to-hand action.  They were heavily outnumbered, but somehow managed to overpower the infantry (who were under orders to restrain the use of their weapons) and break open the decoy trailer.  
When they found that Polyphemus wasn't inside, they were understandably frustrated.  Their actions as a result cost thirty-six good men their lives, not to mention several million dollars worth of equipment and vehicles.  
If there was any upside for Tomlinson in working on the sorts of projects that were his bread and butter, it was the fact that there was very little paperwork to be done.  A typical General would be looking at weeks of reporting and accounting after an incident of that nature, but all he had to do was fill out a form detailing the names of the dead, the serial numbers of the vehicles lost and apply a stamp bearing his name and operational designation.  No one asked any questions about what happened or why -- they knew better than to dig into his business... his was a realm in which no politician dared to tread.
"Yes, Rich."  Butler responded.  "Many more."
"That's impossible, everything we have says they're weeks out at best."
"Physically they are, but they're doing something -- something that we've never seen before."
"Well spit it out, Ambassador, we're not getting any younger!"
"I don't even know how to explain it, sir, it's almost like they're --"  He paused.  "Hijacking people."
"Hijacking people?  Conrad, what the hell are you talking about?
"They seem to have found a way to -- to reach out from beyond and take control of people.  Reports have been coming in from all over the country of regular folks showing up in places they shouldn't be and asking questions about things they shouldn't even know exist.  Some of them have even turned up at The Cape, Rich!  What the hell are we supposed to do now?"
"Slow down Ambassador, I'm not following you at all.  What kind of people are we talking about?"
"Regular people, Rich, like the guy that lives next door to you.  I got a call from an operative in Texas who said that an old friend of his walked into the Sheriff's station asking them to run reports on a bunch of license plates.  He said this guy owned the neighborhood grocery store and had never set foot in the department in his life, yet there he was asking for information on what turned out to be ten semi-trailers."
"Were they trailers that got loaded out of Oceanside?"
"I don't know, I don't have the manifests to compare them against."
"Aren't you being a little oversensitive, Conrad?  How do you know this guy wasn't just looking to write letters about reckless truck drivers he'd seen on the road?" 
"There was more, Sir -- the sheriff said the man's eyes were purple!"
"Well what the hell is that supposed to mean?"
"I don't know, but it's obviously not normal!  I've gotten reports of purple-eyed people from coast to coast!  One of them was an engineer actually working on the launch pad at The Cape!  The foreman noticed and sent him home, thinking he was sick.  The guy all but threw a punch at him in protest until he finally had to be escorted out of the facility by police!"
"Look, I don't know what this all means -- but if it is our friends acting up, we could have a serious problem on our hands.  How sure are you that these reports are credible threats to our operation?"
"It's them, General -- I'm sure it is... I'd bet everything on it."
"Shit."  Tomlinson barked.  "Meet me at the office in an hour, Ambassador -- we've got to track down the payload and secure it immediately."
"Can you get there in thirty minutes?"
The General groaned.  "I guess, but I'm not gonna be dressed quite right."
"You can be naked for all I care, sir; we've got to come up with another plan -- quickly!  We can't afford to waste another second." 



Chapter 9


I drove a full eleven hours straight after my little run in with -- well, with whatever it was that I had a run in with.  The urge to pull off and drain the lizard rose up every time I passed a rest area, but I just couldn't bring myself to do it.  Saying I was scared to stop wouldn't be quite right; let's just say I had a strong aversion to getting out of my truck.
My normal driving routine involves checking my mirrors every twenty seconds or so.  I was always taught the importance of knowing what was going on around you and being sure to always leave yourself an out in case something broke loose ahead.  Any good trucker uses his mirrors a lot, but I took it to a whole new level for the duration of this leg of my trip.  
By the time I got through El Paso, I realized that I was more aware of what was behind me than I was what was happening in front of my rig.  It was unsafe to say the least, and it led to a few near-misses -- but I just couldn't stop checking to see if that Camry was racing up on me.
There was no sign of Mister Kramer, but I did notice a big black Lincoln Navigator hanging back about eight cars behind me for longer than I was comfortable with.  I first noticed it soon after I crossed into New Mexico, and it seemed to be sticking with me.  After an hour or so of its pursuit, I intentionally slowed way down to see what it would do.  
The fact that it passed me by made me feel better, but when I would speed up I would just overtake it again and we'd be right back where we started.  It had a Nevada plate, the number of which I copied down.  T27-FF5... I don't know what I thought I was gonna do with it, but I wrote it down anyway -- just because it seemed like a good idea.
The damned thing was still with me when I reached Van Horn, Texas and decided I couldn't contain myself any longer.  I had technically reached the end of my legal driving window anyway, and it had been another very long night so my fatigue was almost insurmountable.  
Truckers are taught about what's called sleep debt... in theory, your body requires a certain amount of sleep each night.  If you don't get it on a particular night, it doesn't just go away... instead, it's tacked on to what you require the next day.  When you're driving on a tight deadline, or having a rough go at things like I had been, the hours start adding up real quick.  
There was a billboard along the highway for a strip club with truck parking just a few miles ahead.  I couldn't care less about the strippers, but an ice cold Miller Lite was just what the doctor ordered on the heels of my ordeal.  Thinking tactically, I waited until the last possible moment and broke for the exit; no turn signal or anything.  Just as I had hoped, the Navigator blew right by the ramp and continued on down the interstate.  Finally satisfied that I wasn't being followed, I hung a right and headed towards the big neon sign for The Booby Trap.  
The lot was empty; guess even lonely truckers have better places to be at eleven in the morning than a little dive bar on the side of the road.  Before shutting down the engine, I called Sunspot Logistics to check in since I had forgotten to last night.  I got an answering machine instructing me to leave my company name, location and trailer temp.  Typical stuff for any load, really...
Making sure to lock all the doors and seal the vent windows, I stepped out and looked down at Big Red's busted bumper.  It was bent up pretty good, but I was almost happy to see it.  The fact that it was still askew meant that the accident had really happened and wasn't just a figment of my overtired imagination.  The severity of the damage proved that there had been much more than a simple fender bender; I was in an all out wreck, just as I remembered before all of the mind-games started up.
When I walked through the blacked-out glass door of the dumpy establishment, I headed for the men's room like I had a rocket shoved up my ass.  I didn't take a good long look at the scenery, but I saw enough to know that there weren't any strippers in this place... there were plenty of over-the-hill chubby women with their tops off walking around, but nothing anywhere near what I would call a restaurant quality exotic dancer.  
The bathroom wasn't anything to write home about either.  It stank of urinal cakes and disinfectant, which I guess is better than what I usually smell in truck stop stalls.  The fluorescent lights were dim and flickering, the ambience adding to my already disoriented sense of reality.  I felt like I'd spent the past two days in a low-budget horror movie and would've thought it only reasonable had a thick man wearing a Halloween mask jumped out from behind a door with an axe or something.  Thankfully, there was nothing like that... I took care of business and was out rather quickly.
Back in the smoke filled main room, I sat at the bar and dug out my cell phone.  Sammy would be in school at this time of the day, but my ex-wife should've been at home enjoying the life of a housewife.  Her reassurance that my son was okay would have to do until later in the afternoon, when I could speak with him myself.
Her cell number went right to voicemail, so I tried the home line.  It rang, and rang, and rang -- then rang some more.  After awhile, it finally went to voicemail as well... but I didn't feel like leaving a message - and she probably wouldn't return my call anyway.
A man as fat as the brauds jumping around flaunting their mammoth chests approached and introduced himself as Bub, the bartender.  In all my trucking days I've never encountered a man who had been given the name Bub at birth, but if ever there was one, I imagine he would look like this guy.  He had rolls under his shirt where I didn't know it was possible to have rolls, and he was soaked from head to toe with sweat dripping from every inch of his body.  His brown hair was greasy and cut close to his head, as though to provide ventilation for his perspiring scalp.  His facial hair didn't qualify as a beard per se, but it was definitely untrimmed and had all the qualities you would expect in the scruff of a hillbilly slob.
"Whatcha have?"  He asked.
I called up my favorite beer and was served a tall cold bottle, complete with that ignorant Cyclone neck that nobody really understands.  Nothing helps take a load off my shoulders better than a crisp, nearly frozen brew; but this one tasted a little off.  I looked for a Born-On date for a minute before realizing that those were on the other brand.  The fact that it tasted expired didn't knock a cent off the price, of course, but I wasn't in the mood to argue.  
"You got a delivery to make or are you just passing through?"  Bub asked in his Texas-touched vernacular.
"What's it to you?"  I snapped back, now a bit weary of people asking questions about the load I was hauling on this occasion.
"Whoah, doc!"  Bub exclaimed, putting his hands up as though to ask that I put on the brakes.  "Just thought I'd strike up a little conversation.  If you want to be left alone, I can do that too."
"Look, man."  I started apologetically.  "I'm sorry, I don't mean to be rude.  I've just had a real bad morning, that's all."
"No problem, partner."  He replied.  "I understand; believe me, I do.  I know just the thing for you, though..."  Bub looked off into the distance and scanned the room for a second before shouting out loudly.  "Misty!  Hey Misty!  Come on over here for a minute!"
I didn't even have to look up to know what I was gonna see.  In all my life I've met several women called Misty, and every damn one of them has been a sea donkey of the highest degree.  The name is cursed, I think -- right along with Angel and Bub.  If you're a parent-to-be and decide you might want to name your little girl Misty, just know that she's gonna weigh over two-hundred pounds when she grows up as result of your decision.  Hey folks, I didn't write this rule; I just know it to be true.  You show me one girl named Misty who has seen her waistline in the past ten years and I'll show you a bitch who changed her name.
Anyhow, so now here comes Misty... just as you would expect her to be.  She was topless, like the rest of them, and let me tell you - she could've fought in the Civil War armed only with those titties.  They were deadly weapons, believe you me... like watermelons wrapped in cheesecloth.  She strolls up like she's the hottest thing on two legs, smelling like catch of the day, and throws one of her loch-ness arms around me.  
"Hiya, sugar!"  She began, her voice as deep as mine.  "You want a dance this morning?"
"She gives the best lap boogey in Texas!"  Bub explained.  "Worth every penny, you take my word!"
"No thanks."  I responded quickly, slapping a five-spot down on the bar.  "I was just leaving - y'all can keep the change."
Misty seemed disappointed... I would be too if I had to walk around in her shoes for any period of time.  The next stop for me was bed, but I was in dire need of hearing a familiar voice, so I dialed Janet on the way to my truck.  Thankfully, she answered with her typical charm.
"Well howdy there, stranger!"  She jabbed.  In all the excitement of the previous day, I had forgotten to call and have my habitual rap with her.  
"The phone rings on this end, too."  I volleyed back.  
"You have a rough day yesterday?"
"Misses Jan, you don't know the half of it."
"Well I sure am sorry, darlin', I had intended to call myself, but I got all wrapped up in work and forgot."
"That makes two of us."
"I do have some good news for ya', though; looks like you'll have enough cash left at the end of this trip to put that trailer in for service!"  
"Oh, I can't believe I forgot to tell you."  I said.  "My reefer is working pretty well now -- I think they fixed it up a little at the shipper on this backhaul, if you can believe that.  I also managed to squeeze an extra thousand bucks out of the broker because this load is overweight."
"That's great!  Maybe we can shuttle that extra money into your garage-opening fund!"
"Wow..."  I replied, touched at her words.  "Misses Jan, that's the first time I've ever heard you say anything good about my plan to open a garage.  Usually you just tell me all the reasons why it'll never happen."
She sighed.  "I'm sorry I've been such a dream-buster lately, Randy... it's just hard when all I see everyday are the skeletons of what used to be people's finances.  I'm closing in on retirement age, but there's just no way I'm gonna be able to swing it with the way things are going.  I try to paint over everything with a smile, but I'm so tired it's just not as easy as it used to be."
"Don't you worry about it, Misses Janet."  I said in an upbeat tone, playing the part of counselor that is usually reserved for her in our conversations.  "Everybody finds a dark cloud over their head once in a while, you just go on and let it rain.  Things are gonna clear up, they always do."
"Gosh, I sure hope you're right.  I haven't been feeling so good lately... the cancer came back."
"Oh no..."  I lamented, thinking back on Janets battle with the disease just a few years ago.  She had barely survived and ended up losing a breast in the fight.  Being the valiant southern trooper that she is, she refused to have it repaired cosmetically and wore it as a badge of courage.  No one deserves to go through what she had endured, especially not someone who loves to live as much as she does.  
"I found a lump last week and went to the doctor... he took a biopsy, and it came back bad.  I have my first chemo session next week."
"Next week?  Misses Janet, you need to get yourself to the doctor now!  Breast cancer is nothing to mess around with, you know that better than anybody!"
"Yeah, maybe I should try to get in a little early.  If the doctor will bump it up, maybe I can work it into my schedule."
Deciding that she had enough on her shoulders, I didn't unload my problems with the nightmare and little run-in on her.  These things seemed futile compared to the demons she was facing down.  I tried my best to comfort and reassure her; telling her that everything was in God's hands and He wouldn't give us more than we can handle.  Looking down at my little blue Jesus on the dash, I told her that Christ has always been there when we needed him; that this time would be no different.
We said our goodbyes and I hung up, saying a little prayer for my friend before drawing the leather curtain around my bunk and laying down to sleep.



Chapter 10


The engine roared, prompting Ambassador Butler to hold on tightly to the handle mounted on the ceiling near the door of the police cruiser.  He had been relegated to the entirely uncomfortable plastic back seat, General Tomlinson riding shotgun as a state trooper named Blake pressed the pedal to the metal.  Radio chatter dancing atop the wailing of the siren gave him a headache to accompany the anxiety.
"He's a mile ahead."  Tomlinson noted over the din as he examined the display of a GPS tracking unit he'd been cradling throughout the journey.  "Remember, we must recover the payload -- at all costs."
Their early morning meeting at HQ had turned into a late-night goose chase on the highways of Mississippi.  A long and heated conversation with The Council resulted in a new objective; the destruction of Polyphemus.  Allowing it to fall into enemy hands was an unacceptable concept, and drawing Tomlinson's people into the war was something that Butler's contingent wasn't prepared to live with.  The loss of the project would mean certain defeat, but that was more palatable than the alternatives.  The potential cost of continuing with the mission as it was originally conceived was just too great to bare.
Tomlinson saw this change of intent as a defeat; something he wasn't at all used to.  Although he was the most vocal about trying to see things through, he had to accept it and press on... no matter how much he hated the notion.  The look and feel of success had been changed on him in the past, but accomplishing a secondary objective was never as satisfying as driving an operation through to its originally intended end.   
 After the video conference concluded, he and Butler had scoured the loading manifests in Oceanside to determine which of the fifty trucks on the road was actually pulling the payload.  Once they had that information, they used data called in to Sunspot Logistics, a dummy company setup to facilitate the transfer, to locate the rig and the goods.  
The driver in question had last checked in from a small town in Texas, but attempts to make further contact were unsuccessful.  Luckily, the truck had been outfitted with an anti-theft system which allowed Tomlinson to track the vehicle via satellite.  
They had boarded a Blackhawk and set out on a ride that terrified Butler, only to transfer to this super-charged police interceptor and continue the nightmare.  The goal was to take Polyphemus into custody and to escort it to Keesler Air Force Base, where it would be meet with its fate; an underwater nuclear warhead 'test' off the Gulf Coast.  It would be quite a show for the uninitiated... those who didn't understand what the explosion represented.  
"Half a mile now."  The General gave as an update.
Years of effort flashed before The Ambassador's eyes as he considered what would be the epitaph of a project meant to turn the tide of war.  He hadn't been made privy to all of the details, as the threat of defectors was always real.  What was public about the moment of discovery, though, had brought so much hope; a chance to survive where before there had been only the looming shadow of death.  
The subsequent research had inspired the greatest minds to come together for the sake of their kind; a call to arms that rallied all who still drew breath.  The birth of Polyphemus had been almost biblical in nature... an event beheld by millions of his people in the rays of a rising sun on the horizon of destiny.  
They had been told it couldn't be stopped... that the pieces had fit together just as expected.  The wheels were in motion, salvation at hand... but then it all came crashing down -- literally.  
The Council said it was a simple miscalculation... a mathematical error made in the excitement of the moment that went unchallenged despite being checked, rechecked and then reviewed again.  After all the struggle, all the secrecy, all of the promises... after all that his people had fought and persevered through, the whole thing fell apart at the stroke of a misguided pen.  
There was little doubt that it would prove to be the final blow; the last nail in a coffin prepared ages ago for a corpse that simply hadn't been convinced that it was dead yet.  They had sought to prevent the inevitable, and they had failed.  There would be no eureka moment; no last hurrah to change the landscape.  They had hoped to stand up and shout, but instead they would lay down and die quietly -- the only last words spoken on their behalf  amounting to the whisper of didn't we almost have it all?
He didn't know whether to feel pride in the noble act of destroying it before it caused a larger problem, or shame at the knowledge that it could've gone so much differently.
"There it is!"  The General exclaimed, pointing to a pastel blue trailer in the distance.  "Let's get it pulled over.  Ambassador, get on the horn with Keesler and tell them to be prepared to receive us within the hour.  I want this thing in the Gulf and ready to blow within a half hour of our pulling through the gate."
Butler did as asked as Officer Blake raced the cruiser up behind the rig.  He jumped one lane over to the left and pulled alongside the tractor, giving a few chirps of the siren before addressing the driver over the vehicle's loudspeaker.
"Pull over to the shoulder."  He advised, his voice echoing through the clammy night's air.
The truck continued on, showing no signs of slowing or adjusting its trajectory.  General Tomlinson could only make out a faint silhouette of the pilot at the wheel in the darkened cab, the figure not so much as looking over at the speeding interceptor.  
The traffic on the freeway was light, all of the other motorists slowing and moving aside to clear the path.  It had to be clear to the trucker that the commands were for him, but he made no effort to obey.
"Driver of the blue truck!"  Blake continued.  "Pull your vehicle over to the shoulder immediately by order of the State Highway Patrol!"
"What the hell is he doing?"  Tomlinson barked.  
After rolling on for nearly another half mile, it was clear that something was terribly wrong.  This driver wasn't waiting to find the safest possible place to move out of the path of traffic; he was blatantly disobeying the orders given to him in the name of the law.  
The General rolled his window down, exposing the passengers to the fury of the air blowing by at seventy miles an hour.  Unbuckling his seat belt, he lifted his elderly frame so that the majority of his torso was hanging out over the door.
"Pull over!"  He shouted through the torrent of noise and whipping wind as he pointed towards the right side of the road.  
"I don't like this, General."  Butler shouted from the back.
Foregoing any further attempts at diplomatic persuasion, Tomlinson reached for the pistol he brought along and pointed it up to the sky.  He squeezed off two warning shots before leveling the barrel in the direction of the driver.
"Now, driver!"  
Suddenly the truck swerved towards them, the front quarter-panel of the cruiser being assaulted by the running boards of the massive tractor.  Tomlinson dropped back into the car like a sack full of bricks to avoid being crushed, his arm narrowly escaping what would've been a horrific amputation.  Officer Blake did an expert job in maintaining control after the impact, establishing a considerably wider buffer of space between the speeding missiles of steel.  
"God damn it!"  The General grunted, adjusting his position so that he could get a solid aim on their attacker -- from inside the car, this time.
"Dispatch, he's tried to take us out!"  Blake cried into his radio.  "We need more units now, request deployment of spike strips at the forty-eight mile marker!"
Four more rounds sounded off in rapid succession, the window of the truck shattering as lead violated the cab.  The eighty-thousand pound death machine bolted towards them again, Blake yanking the car off onto the left shoulder to evade.  
The trucker made his intentions clear, drilling them into the concrete barrier with the full force of his rig.  A shower of sparks erupted at the sound of metal grinding against stone, Butler cowering in the back with his hands over his head.  The car was forced up onto its two right wheels as the wall tried to steer it back towards its own side of the freeway, driving it against the truck with incredible force instead.  
Blake released the gas pedal, the cruiser slowing as the truck drug along the passenger side.  Eventually they were free of the squeeze-play, the rear of the trailer passing by and allowing Blake an opportunity to regain control of what was left of the vehicle.  Tomlinson leaned out the window once more, firing several shots at the back end of the truck as it whipped violently across all lanes of the road. 
Both mirrors had been sheared off, and the cab seemed a bit more compact than it had been before.  The ride was rough now, something in the suspension clearly damaged and making the vehicle difficult to handle.  Blake was able to continue in the pursuit, but he wouldn't likely be taking any chances in getting near the truck again.   
"He's trying to kill us out here!"  The officer informed dispatch.  "This son of a bitch is crazy!"
A second cruiser had spilled onto the interstate via an entrance ramp and took the point in the chase.  
"Unit two-two-nine on scene, request permission to disable the vehicle."  An officer called over the radio.
Tomlinson unceremoniously snatched the mic from the dash and shouted orders.  "This is General Tomlinson of the United States Army - you have permission on my authority; stop that damned truck!"
An officer rose out of the passenger window in similar manner to that which Tomlinson had employed, sitting on the door as he took aim at the truck with a shotgun over the roof of his car.  A brilliant muzzle-flash signaled his first shot, the deafening report coming after.  It was a direct hit, one of the trailer's rear tires exploding and sending chunks of rubber flying through smoke, back towards Blake's vehicle.  A second shot found its mark as well, the trailer dropping onto its rims and sending a golden halo of fiery rain out behind it.
The truck slowed, allowing the undamaged cruiser to gain ground on it until it was side-by-side with the tractor.  The gunman prepared to fire on the steer tire when the trucker made another kamikaze move, slamming the rig against the pursuing vehicle.  The interceptor was hurled off to the right like a fly swatted at with a heavy hand.  Forced onto the embankment in the worst possible place, it met up with the lead-in to a guard rail that sent it up into an end-over-end cartwheel.  
The officer hanging out the window was tossed into the sky where he put on a dismount that would impress the most notable gymnasts, his crazy ride coming to an abrupt end as he slammed to the ground head-first.  A pillar of flame lit the night when the car exploded at its own impact with terra firma, Butler looking out of the rear window in horror at the scene.  
"Target vehicle in sight."  Another voice called over the CB.  "Deploying spikes."
Blake slowed the crunched cruiser at the sight of another unit on the shoulder.  A man near it made a tossing motion, a myriad of pops telling the tale of sixteen more tires deflating suddenly.  
"He's over the strip, all tires down."
The trailer danced around the road like a drunken ballerina for a moment before it jack-knifed to the right, the rear end overtaking the front and folding the tractor like a piece of paper.  The cavalry rolled in just in time, several more sets of flashing lights appearing behind Blake and the boys as they cautiously approached the crippled behemoth.  
Tomlinson was out of the car before it had come to a complete stop, running faster than anyone would assume he could towards the wrecked truck.  Butler watched from his seat as Blake leapt from the car as well, drawing his weapon and assuming an imposing stance behind the door.  Through the smoke he saw the driver's door of the tractor swing open, a shadowy figure stepping out of the carnage and standing on the crumpled running board.  
A beam of concentrated white light flooded the truck as several cars trained their spot-lamps on it.  The individual revealed by the glow was the stuff of nightmares; a woman with a thick mane of curly hair accentuating a pale and haggard face.  She smiled at the field of troopers as her eyes seemed to reflect the light, a pair of hot-violet beams bouncing back towards the gathered force of good.
She surveyed the scene from side to side, rotating her head slowly and menacingly with ill intent in her glowing eyes.  When she suddenly spoke, her voice boomed over the smoky air as though amplified by the power of evil.  The tone was feminine, but there was a sinister cackle to it as though she had gargled bits of broken glass and rinsed with caustic acid.
"You will not have Polyphemus!"  She shouted.  "You ALL shall DIE like the fleas that you are!"  She spun around quickly, pulling a rifle of her own from inside the truck and taking aim at the crowd.
"Drop her!"  The General barked as he opened fire, a hailstorm of bullets tearing flesh and sheet metal asunder through a salvo of booms.
The blue truck was painted red with her blood as she collapsed and took a tumble all the way to the concrete, where she lay motionless.  More shots riddled her downed body, the General finally calling off the assault before pausing to see if she would rise.  
With no signs of life, Tomlinson moved in hastily, his gun still trained on her body as he stepped over her.  He used one hand to check for a pulse in her neck as the other remained poised to shoot, holding steady in a tense moment of uncertainty.
After what seemed like an eternity had passed, he holstered his weapon, looking to the sky with a sense of relief as he spoke.  "She's dead... somebody get something to open the trailer with.  Butler, get your ass out here."
The Ambassador was overcome with terror but did what was expected of him, moving into position at the rear of the truck as an officer prepared to shoot the bolt-seal off of the door.  Once he had done it Butler surveyed the load, his heart sinking even further into his body than it had already been.
"Oh my God, Rich."  He gasped.  "This isn't the payload!  We've got the wrong truck!"
"That's impossible!"  Tomlinson returned.  "This is definitely the truck listed on the manifest!"
"Then someone has unloaded it -- this isn't the payload!"
The General stormed over to examine the load as well, seeing only steel girders and hunks of rock strewn about under a heavy layer of ice chips.  This was, indeed, a decoy.  He picked up a piece of the seal that had been blasted off and examined the numbers emblazoned on it, comparing them to a note he carried in his pocket.  
"It was the right seal -- no one opened this trailer.  This is exactly the load that it left Oceanside with."
"So, what does that mean?"  Butler asked, confused.
"Someone's been dicking around with the records, that's what... our operation has been compromised; they're working on the inside." 
"Jesus, Rich -- does this mean that we don't know where Polyphemus is?"
"I'm afraid so, Ambassador... but what's worse is it means that they do!"
"If they get their hands on it, General..."
"I know, I know!  We have to get back to headquarters and assess our situation -- see if we can salvage this God forsaken mission before it's too late."  He marched back to the corpse of the woman and kicked her over, turning her body to look into her purple eyes.  "At least we learned something valuable here tonight... we can kill them...  in this form, they die just like we do."



Chapter 11


I slept well for a change, getting in a solid eight hours for the first time in what seemed like forever.  Night had fallen over the Booby Trap, and now the place was alive.  My truck was just about pinned in place by several other rigs around it, bathed in a fluorescent neon glow, the lot jammed up to capacity.
Having consumed only half a Miller Lite in twenty-four hours, I was understandably hungry.  Considering the nasty taste of the beer I had bought, I thought about driving off in search of another truck stop or restaurant with adequate parking for Big Red and slightly more palatable fare.  This town seemed quite desolate, however, and I had to piss like a racehorse again;  the strip-club would have to do.
As I got dressed, I reached for my charging cell phone and tried to reach Sammy once more.  Still, there was no answer on his mother's mobile or home line.  I was getting worried about them, but they were sixteen-hundred miles away... there wasn't much I could do.  Trying to convince myself that they were probably out at dinner or something, I got out of the truck and walked towards the entrance of the bar.  
As I moved between the rigs and cars in the lot I noticed one particular vehicle that froze me in my tracks.  It was a familiar black Navigator, parked ominously near the exit to the county road beyond.  It was facing me, all the windows blacked out with limo tint save the windshield which was catching a glare from the signs.  I couldn't tell whether or not anyone was inside, but it wasn't running.  
Not wanting to draw attention to myself, I started walking again... staying clear of the mysterious truck.  If there was someone inside, perhaps he didn't realize that I came out of the rig he seemed to be following.
The inside of the club was as packed as the lot, men from seemingly all walks of life drooling over somewhat more attractive women than those who had been on duty when I first showed up.  Some loud techno-garbage was blasting from speakers, making it impossible to hear anything outside of the excited whoopin' and hollerin' of the hillbillies infesting the place as they swung their dollar bills around in front of them.  
The strippers were at least putting some effort into their craft.  Two of them were swinging around on a pole at the center of the room while another broke it down inside of a cage off in a corner.  They were much thinner and better kept than Misty had been, but it was still obvious that they were the epitome of trash scraped out of the gutters.
I made my way to the restroom again and made use of the facilities.  As I was doing the deed, I could hear a man retching and puking in one of the stalls.  The sound and smell were sickening; this dude was in bad shape.
"You alright in there?"  I called out as I shook the last few drops out of Mister Winky.  Another wave came over the stranger, the sound of further spewing serving as his only response.  I hurried out without washing my hands, afraid to start ralphing myself if I had to hear it one more time.
There was an empty stool at the bar so I sat down, facing forward where there were only bottles of booze instead of half naked garbage hoes.  To my surprise, good ol' Misty was stationed behind the counter mixing up drinks... apparently she was a dancer by day and barkeep by night.
"Well, it's you."  She said with recognition.  "Want a Miller Lite, just like earlier?"
"Nah."  I answered, not wanting to risk chugging another stale brew.  "I'll just have a Coke -- and a menu, if you serve anything decent to eat."
She handed me a laminated card describing typical bar-fare available at ridiculous prices.  Nothing sounded particularly appetizing, but I needed to eat before I set back out on the long road ahead.  I settled on a bacon cheeseburger, hoping it was something better than that poor excuse for a sandwich your momma used to make for you when you were a kid.  Misty nodded and wrote my order down, plopping a dirty looking glass filled with what was supposed to be Coca-Cola on the bar in front of me.
Thankfully, the soft drink tasted relatively normal.  I pulled out a Marlboro and started digging for my lighter only to realize I'd left it in the truck.  I always seem to leave my damned lighter in the truck.  Misty helped me out with one she had stuffed down in her bra, of all places.  She tended to a couple of other patrons before turning her attention back to me, leaning her large frame on the bar and turning on her courting powers in a way that made me feel like that poor guy in the bathroom.
"What brings you to these parts, stranger?"  She asked.  "Never seen you here before -- it's a nice change to see someone other than our regulars."
"Just passing through."  I explained.  "I generally run up and down the East coast, don't often make it this far west."
"Well ain't that a shame."  She returned with a crooked-toothed smile.  "I was hoping we could turn you on to the place and get you to spend a little more time with us in the future."
"I doubt it, M'am."  I continued, somehow driven to confide in her, though I had no idea who she was outside of this place.  Having been unable to vent to Janet likely played a part in my desperation to talk to somebody, and this lady seemed nice enough -- despite her physical shortcomings.  "I'm hoping to get out of this trucking racket all together soon... have a little boy who's growing up way too fast.  I'd like to be there for him a little more than I have been."
"What, a hardcore trucker like you -- hanging up the keys?"  She chuckled, lighting a smoke of her own.  "I've seen plenty of fellas just like you come through that door talkin' about getting out of the game, but I've never once heard of one making it happen."
"You sound like my accountant.  Just because you haven't seen it doesn't mean it can't be done."
"You're right, but it's a rare case when a guy with trucking in his blood like you gets out of the saddle.  You've got driver written all over your face!  I can tell that you're a man who loves working that truck through the gears... it still makes your parts get hard, doesn't it?"

I blushed a bit, a little too ashamed to admit that it was true.  
"I knew it!"  She laughed.  "Your heart hungers for the open road. The sights, the sounds, the smells... the freedom.  I don't know you from Adam, but I can tell that you wouldn't be happy cooped up in a room to earn your living.  You're a free spirit -- an adventurer who longs to tame the wild unknown.  What exactly do you think you're gonna do that will make you as happy as driving that truck does?"
"Open a garage."  I replied, sure of myself.  "I'm a diesel mechanic just as much as I'm a driver.  There are too many shops out there that gouge truckers because they've got them over a barrel... if the rig doesn't run, they can't earn their living -- that makes them easy money.  If I give these guys a fair shake, they'll flock to me in droves."
"And you think that will be enough for you?"  She asked.  "You really believe that you can watch those trucks roll in -- hear the throaty rumble of the engine, and then simply tune it up and watch it leave?  Hauling off for another place while you stay put right where you are?"
As ridiculous as it sounds, I knew that she was right.  I live for the road; for the journey it takes me on day in and day out.  I love Sammy and want to do right by him, but the idea of parking Big Red forever broke my heart in two.  
"If it's what I have to do to be with my son, then yes."
Misty laughed heartily, smoke spewing out between her lips.  She'd heard this story before and found it to be no more than a fairy tale, that much was clear.  She could apparently tell that she'd hurt my feelings a little, though, and choked off her mocking, trying to regain her composure.  It looked like she felt a little bad as she walked away to get my burger, not saying another word as she put it down in front of me.
On the surface the food looked delicious.  There was a fairly substantial patty browned to perfection atop a beautiful bun with brilliant green leaves of lettuce and a thick slice of bright red tomato to top it off.  There was a good portion of crisp bacon sticking out as well with melted cheese draped over top of it.  I had expected a pile of crap for the six bucks it cost me, but it looked like I'd actually gotten a quality burger for once instead of the slop they sling en mass at most truck stops.
Slapping some mustard and ketchup on made it look even more appetizing, so I eagerly picked it up and squeezed it down to a size that would allow it to fit into my mouth.  The first hint of flavor was amazing, but it seemed to change as I chewed it up.  The taste became foul; almost metallic in nature.  There was some kind of coarse powder too -- like they had injected Metamucil into the meat.  I choked it down and considered for a minute that perhaps I was just coming down with a cold and being deceived by my taste buds.
"What's wrong?"  Misty asked, examining my sour-puss before I had a chance to try another bite.  "You don't like it?"
"It tastes terrible!"  I said, dropping the sandwich back onto the plate.  "Is this a burger or something you pumped out of the septic system?"
"Oh shoot!"  She exclaimed.  "I think I brought you the wrong one!"  She quickly took it away, scurrying back towards the kitchen.  
I washed the nastiness down with my Coke and wiped at my tongue with a napkin, the flavor staying with me none the less.  After a few minutes, the bartender returned with a new burger... looking just as delicious as the first one had.
"Here, try this one."  She suggested.  "The other one was a special order for one of our regulars -- he has odd taste."
I was apprehensive, but still starving.  Taking the smallest nibble possible, I waited for the strange after-taste; but none reared its ugly head.  This incarnation was delicious, so I mauled it in true trucker fashion.  It was so good I wanted to lick the grease from the plate when I was done, but managed to restrain myself to avoid looking like an animal.
Misty refilled my drink and looked around, noting that it looked like everyone was taken care of for the moment.  The DJ called out over the sound system and introduced the feature dancer for the night, drawing the attention of all the men in the building.  
A bluesy southern guitar riff sounded out even louder than the dance music had been as a woman sauntered onto a stage at the far end of the room, wearing some kind of leather jumpsuit and mask like Catwoman.  Her long blonde locks were spilling out, accentuating her deep green eyes and slim face.  She snapped a bullwhip a couple of times before starting to grind on a chair she had carried out, the crowd whistling with its approval.
"Slut."  Misty interjected, turning up her nose a bit.  I chuckled and winked at the barkeep, feeling a strange kinship with her in our mutual disgust.  "I think everybody's good for the time being, stranger... you want to play a round of darts?"
"I should probably get going."  I said, the music giving me a headache.  "I've got a lot of driving ahead of me tonight if I'm gonna stay on schedule."
"Oh, nonsense!"  She insisted.  "You've got time for a quick game, now come on!"
The large woman grabbed my hand and pulled me over to a corner far away from the stage, where they had one of those digital dartboard systems like you would see in an arcade.  She grabbed two sets of darts from behind the bar and proceeded to setup a game of 301.
I shot first, missing the board all together.  The projectile bounced off the wall and flew back at us, landing on a table nearby where a rather large black man was sitting with a mixed drink.  
"Yikes!"  He cried in his deep baritone voice.  
I apologized profusely, hoping to avoid an incident.  Thankfully, he was understanding, handing the dart back with a smile.  
He seemed out of place in these surroundings; the only African American in the bar, dressed like he was going to a black-tie gala affair.  He wore a sharp black suit coat buttoned in the front over a crisp white dress shirt, complete with dark blue tie and golden clip to hold it in place.  He had several large rings on his fingers that glimmered in the dim lighting, each encrusted with diamonds or some other sort of gems.  The area around him smelled strongly of cologne instead of the diesel-laced stench emanating from the other truckers in the place.  He didn't belong here...
"No problem, buddy."  He said as he looked me in the eye intently.  It seemed like he knew me; like I was an old friend he hadn't seen in years but recognized immediately.  I definitely didn't know him, though, so I simply walked away.
Clearly, darts aren't my thing... it was a fun distraction I suppose, but I knew I wasn't in any danger of winning this game.  My second and third shot went much better, but they brought my score down just eighteen points between them.  
Misty smirked as she took her turn, scoring fifty-six right off the bat like it was nothing.  
"I get a lot of practice."  She admitted.  "Usually pretty dull around here, except on the weekends and when that heifer on stage comes through."
After she had cleared the board, I went again.  My next three attempts weren't anything stellar, knocking another twenty-one off my goal.  This was getting frustrating; I hadn't expected to win, but I like to think I'm capable of making a decent showing at anything that I set out to do.  It was kind of embarrassing, really... being knocked down by this bar-fly.  
The catwoman had most of her clothes off on the stage, so most of the patrons weren't paying attention anyway.  At least my failure wasn't drawing a crowd.  
One person seemed to be watching us, though... the black man I'd nearly hit with my first shot.  He was studying us like a football fan would marvel at the Super Bowl if it were unfolding right before his eyes.  I would have given him a dirty look, if he didn't look so threatening.  Why was he watching me?  I still had all of my clothes on, and Misty was certainly nothing to look at... unless he's some kind of chubby-chaser with a thing for horse faces.
Misty tried to distract me from my pending defeat by making small talk as we continued.  She kept calling me stranger, so I eventually told her my name to make the slaughter seem a bit less impersonal.  
She asked more about my boy, egging me on until I told her the whole story about my relationship with the ex-wife and the wall she had built between Sammy and I.  The ex never really flat-out refused to let me see him, but she always made it difficult.  Any time I was in town, she found some reason that he couldn't spend time with me.  Either he was sick, had a project to do for school, or they already had plans; it was always something.  
"You really love him, don't you?"  She asked as though it wasn't obvious.
"More than anything."  I replied, recovering my darts after another dreadful turn.  "You were right about my passion for trucking, but Sammy means the world to me.  I would give it all up for him... in a heartbeat, if I had the chance."
"What if -- "  She started surreptitiously after making three stellar shots, as though she had some grand scheme cooked up.  "There was a way we could make this all work out for you... what if your ex was -- let's say out of the way?  You could raise him all by yourself, without her to stand between you.  You could work at your garage during the school year and take him out on the road with you in the summer, never having to worry about her putting up a roadblock.  I could arrange that for you, Randy -- if that's what you want.  I know a lot of people... I could make it happen..."
I was taken aback, this woman I'd only known for a few minutes seemingly suggesting that she would have my ex killed for me if I so desired.  There are crazy people out here in the world, I've had encounters with plenty of them, but none have ever suggested something so insidious with as much sincerity as this woman was demonstrating in the middle of a Texan strip club.
I was creeped out, more so than I've ever been in my life.  Firing my three shots, I reached for my Coke on the bar and took the last sip.  "Thanks for the game, Misty."  I said, pulling a twenty out of my wallet and setting it under the empty glass.  "But I think I should get going before I fall behind schedule."
"But the game's not over!"  She objected, pointing to the score which said that she had fifty-two points to go to take the win.  
"It's okay, girl - I think you've got me bested."  
I turned to head for the door when she suddenly grabbed my arm, stopping me.  Her grip was firm; nearly painful.  There was anger in her eyes as she glared at me, refusing to let go despite my efforts to pull my arm free of her grasp.
"Just let me take my turn."  She said sternly.
I nodded, deciding that she was well off her rocker and need not be incited any further.  She kept hold of me as she fired off all three of her darts at once, not even looking at the board.  The machine chimed and played a little ditty as lights flashed, her shots having struck twelve, twenty and double-ten to win the game.  How the hell did she do that?  Three darts at once, all of them spot on in the fields she needed to win!  
"I'm not sure you understand what I'm offering."  She continued in her threatening tone.  "I could make all of your dreams come true, Randy.  The garage, the boy -- everything!  When you want peace and quiet with your son, you could have it... when you crave adventure, I could send you places that you'd never see otherwise.  Places no one has ever seen..."
"Really?"  I asked, my voice shaking with nerves and fury.  "How exactly is that, Misty?"
"Easily... I could make it happen with the waive of my hand.  All of those things could move from the realm of your dreams into reality with little or no effort on your behalf..."
"Oh yeah?"  I said.  "What are you, my fairy-godmother or something?  You're just gonna wave your magic wand and make things go my way?"
Misty smiled an evil smile, melting me where I stood.  "I'm no magician, Randy -- but I represent something far greater than your puny mind could ever imagine.  I can give you whatever you want, your pleasure to be limited only by the boundaries of your mundane imagination."
"That's a tall order."  I returned, irritated instead of amused at her lunacy at this point.  My patience exhausted, I put on my best tough-guy face and snarled at her through clenched teeth.  "You're digging a deep hole for yourself, Misty -- I think you're letting your mouth write a check that your ass can't cash, because I'm about to slap the living shit out of you if you don't let go of my god damn arm right now!"
The woman's grasp didn't loosen... she held her free hand up, pointing her palm towards the dartboard.  I didn't understand what I saw next... suddenly the darts she had fired at it before flew back to her like they had been drawn out my some incredibly strong magnet in her flesh!  She caught them, still without looking, and hurled all three simultaneously again.  They all struck and dug into the bulls-eye, clustered together like arrows fired by Robin Hood himself.  She yanked at the air, drawing them out and back to her once again before repeating the whole thing, scoring three more hits in the center of the board.
"You have no idea what I'm capable of, Randy."  She growled.  "You would be wise to listen closely to my proposal."
The black man at the table jumped out of his seat quickly.  I thought perhaps he was going to help me, but instead he made a mad dash for the door and was gone just like that... leaving me in this smoky hell in the hands of the devil herself.
"What do you want?"  I asked, panicked and desperate to get out of this place.  I didn't know what she was or why she was so interested in me, but I didn't like being the subject of her attention one bit.
"It's simple, really."  She replied.  "All you have to do is get in your truck and pull that load you've got to a yard outside of Dallas.  Park it there, then walk away... you'll fall asleep peacefully, and when you wake up -- all of your dreams will have come true.  You'll be at home with Sammy at your side, your garage waiting for you, and enough money in your bank account to fall off the radar entirely for the rest of your life if you so desire."
Her delivery and the fact that she was restraining me made this seem like a less than appealing prospect.  I generally don't care for scenarios that involve my falling asleep peacefully either.  
"This load is going to Florida, lady -- and so am I."  I snapped.  "Now let go of my arm before I get really mad!"
"If you take that trailer to Cape Canaveral, Randy -- your son will die!  Slowly and painfully, I promise you!  We might even make you watch..."
"Crazy bitch!"  I shouted, pulling back and slapping Misty right across her chubby face with every bit of strength I could muster.  
The woman recoiled, letting go of my arm as the follow-through of my strike spun her around.  The blaring music stopped at the loud crack when I struck her, everyone in the bar turning to face us.  
The catwoman caught my attention first; staring at me from the stage with malice in her frigid expression.  The black leather of her mask and the flowing yellow hair raining down looked threatening now in the company of her bizarre eyes -- glowing purple and fixed on me, unblinking.  
Looking around at the crowd, I was left breathless; the entire horde of the men and strippers -- staring me down with violet pupils reflecting the spot lights pointed towards the stage.
"You'll wish you'd never done that, Randy!"  Misty growled.  
I turned to look at her and saw that her eyes had changed as well -- I was surrounded by monsters; creatures like something out of a Tales From The Crypt comic.
Sprinting like my ass was on fire, I broke for the door, spilling out into the night as I raced for my truck.  While fiddling with the door lock, I dropped my keys like so many helpless women in the movies always do.  Picking them up, I looked back to the bar, seeing all the patrons emerging and marching slowly with purpose towards the egress from the parking lot.  
I finally got the door open and jumped inside, starting up the engine without giving the glow-plugs a chance to warm up like I usually would.  The monsters formed a three-deep wall of humanity, blocking the exit with their bodies.  
Trying to figure out what to do, I looked over at them.  They were standing near that black Lincoln Navigator -- the one that looked just like the vehicle that had been following me before.  The headlights of the SUV came on, and its tires squealed as it sped towards the opposite end of the lot, far away from them.  As it pulled a sharp u-turn I got a quick glimpse at the plate; T27-FF5... it was the truck that had been following me on the freeway.  
Its high-beams lit the wall of people and I watched in disbelief as the driver revved it's engine to a maddened roar, the tires spinning and throwing off tall plumes of smoke.  The people with the glowing eyes didn't move as it started to roll, burning rubber as it shot toward them like a rocket.  It plowed right through them, throwing bodies into the air as it rolled over others.  The truck squealed to a stop after it cleared the crowd, and the black man from inside the bar stuck his head out the window -- looking back at me.
"Come on, Randy!"  He shouted.  "They're not people any more, just drive through them!"
The monsters adjusted to form a new blockade, a bit smaller than the last time, as they were standing atop broken bodies that had been bricks in the wall.  He didn't have to tell me twice; I slammed my truck into gear and swung wide to make the turn towards them.  There wasn't enough room to maneuver Big Red safely, but I was too concerned with running for my life to care about protecting my rig.  I ended up dragging the back half of my trailer across the tractor parked next to me, my heavy load pushing it sideways as its headlight exploded and its front end caved in.
The weight didn't allow me to get up a lot of speed, but ninety-thousand pounds worth of truck is more than enough to cream human bodies when moving at any velocity.  Big Red made quick work of about a half dozen, my trailer taking out a few more as I sped out into the road.  It made for a rough ride; my air-ride seat was bouncing up and down like mad, everything in the cab being jostled by the effect of rolling over bodies and potholes at a high rate of speed.  
Even my glowing Jesus shot out of the cigarette lighter outlet.  It was as though it was spring-loaded; firing out and crashing into the backrest of the passenger seat, which it then slid down.
The Navigator turned towards the freeway in front of me, so this time it was me following it.  Leaving the creatures behind in our dust, we took the on-ramp to I-10 East.  A quick look at my fuel gauge reminded me that I would need to stop again soon... a prospect that I didn't even want to consider.



Chapter 12


"So who is this guy?"  The General asked as he looked over several sheets of paper bearing grids with information handwritten in several rows and columns.  
When he had reviewed a faxed copy of the document, everything had seemed to be in order; but the tampering was obvious to him when confronted with the original loading manifest.  
One of the columns of the table was labeled Load Serial Code, the cells underneath it filled with cryptic combinations of numbers and letters.  Tomlinson and a select group of high-ranking members of the team knew that the designation for the true Polyphemus load was XC1212F1B.  This string of characters was listed as having been loaded on the trailer of Annette Cassidy, the woman who met her untimely end under a barrage of fire from The General and police officers in Mississippi.  This was, of course, inaccurate -- as they had found after snuffing the woman out.  
What wasn't clear in the facsimile version of this record was that this assignment of the load to her truck was written atop a thick bed of White-Out.  Several other listings on the form had been concealed and written over as well, so it was impossible to figure out exactly which of the fifty trucks listed was pulling the sought after freight.  
Butler had tried holding the document up to the light, hoping he would be able to make out what had originally been filled in.  Unfortunately, the forger had blacked everything out with a marker before applying the liquid paper, making it a lost cause.
The team had gone so far as to have a forensic document analyst examine the piece, only to learn that the person responsible for the defacing had even rubbed out the indentions the original pen had made in the paper.  Apparently, a coin or something with similar small ridges was used, destroying any traces of what had been written there before.  
The loading manifest was useless; there was no way to determine which truck the payload was on and, therefore, no conceivable way to find it.
Tomlinson ordered that the chain of custody of the paperwork be meticulously scrutinized, his team questioning everyone who had an opportunity to have altered it.  He and The Ambassador were landing back in Oceanside when they received word that the saboteur had been taken into custody.
"His name is Glen Cross."  Sergeant Elaine Dickinson replied to The General's inquiry.  She had been charged with tracking  down the wanted man once he was identified, and had picked him up in short order.  They hauled him off to a local FBI field office, where she met up with Butler and The General.  "He's a longshoreman at the shipyard, has been employed there for six years."
"And do you mind telling me how in a longshoreman got his hands on a piece of classified military paperwork?"  He barked in response.
"Apparently, he just walked up to Lieutenant Dix after the load out was complete and said that you had asked him to pick it up."
"So Dix just gave it to him?  Jesus Christ, what kind of people do we promote around here anymore?"
"The Lieutenant's service record has been exemplary outside of this incident, sir."  Dickinson answered.  "He was tired; it had been a long night."
"What are you, his mother?"  Tomlinson snapped.  "He forks over a document with incredibly sensitive information on it to a god damned dock flunky -- and you're defending him?"
"No sir, I just --"
"Get out!"  He interrupted with fury, hurling his heavy aluminum clipboard against the wall of the conference room in which they sat with several members of the Polyphemus recovery team.  "Everyone just get the hell out of here!  Leave me and The Ambassador alone!  The gross incompetence of this unit may well have brought about an apocalypse, I'm not in the mood to hear about exemplary service records at this particular point in time!"
The others did as he directed, each of them looking like deer in the headlights of an oncoming tractor-trailer when faced with The General's wrath.  He took a deep breath and held it for a second, then exhaled with a sigh.  
Butler couldn't help but chuckle as the old man shook his head in disgust.  Karma had brought the frustration he felt with The Ambassador's people, when Polyphemus had landed so far off course, back to him in spades... even those trained under his own skilled and watchful eye were capable of making mistakes.
"I guess it just wasn't meant to be."  Butler suggested.  "It was a Hail Mary play to begin with anyway... could've been a beautiful thing, had it worked out... but fate wouldn't have it."
The General looked over the modified manifest once more before tossing it to the center of the conference table, chucking it like so much garbage.  "I don't know whether to laugh or cry, Ambassador.  Part of me wants to hug you, but I'm more inclined to slap the taste out of your mouth.  You've just suggested that the extinction of your people will be okay because that's just how it all worked out." 
"The possibility of our destruction has been looming for generations, Rich... it's not a new concept.  We've had plenty of time to digest the idea.  It's not ideal, but we're prepared to accept it.  After all, it would appear that it is the will of God."
"That's horse-shit, Conrad!  I've known plenty of your kind over the years; you're good people.  I've never understood the concept of genocide, let alone speciocide!  I just can't wrap my mind around it... what drives The Phloxans to maraud around the universe erasing entire races?  What's the goal?  What's the reward they're after?"
"There doesn't seem to be a goal at all -- they're just savages."  Butler answered, calling on centuries of his memory.  "They've never colonized any of the planets they've conquered... never extracted any element or tapped any resource of the worlds they've wiped clean of life... they just wander around until something catches their attention; then they attack it brutally.  I've never heard of them taking prisoners or making demands; or saying anything, for that matter, outside of die."
"It's amazing that your people have held out for so long.  How did you do it?  How have you withstood their siege?"
"We haven't for as long as you think, Rich -- remember, it took them nearly a millennium just to figure out how to kill us.  I guess they'd never encountered a race without physical form... when they found us, they tried everything they had available to no avail whatsoever.  They eventually had to disappear while they tried to come up with a means of extermination, giving us plenty of time to prepare for their return.  
"We gave it everything we had; they just have our number, that's all.  We spread our eggs into too many baskets... We reached out to so many others -- more than we could bring up to speed in time.  Your people were the most promising; had we focused our efforts solely on your development, maybe we could've gotten you ready to join the game on a larger scale in time.  
"Polyphemus was promising as well; had we dedicated more time and resources to it we could've had several of them.  Then we wouldn't have blown it on one calculation.  If we could've gotten just one of them to the Phlox home world, as was intended, we may have been able to rid the cosmos of them all together.  
"We're the victims of our own failings... great planning with poor execution.  There's little hope for us now... The payload is as good as lost, and for all your efforts -- man is simply not ready to help yet.  
"My only regret is that we've pulled you into their sights... now that they know you exist, you'll be on their list.  Probably the short list, given your involvement with us."
"They would've found us sooner or later anyway."  The General replied.  "We would've found our way to the stars eventually... would've taken considerably longer without your help, but we would've managed.  The detonation of a nuke or an orbiting space station would've caught their attention at some point.  If they come for us now, it'll be no different than what was bound to happen one day down the line; even if we had never crossed paths with you to begin with.  They may yet decide to leave us alone, for the time being... we won't be much fun for them, I imagine -- not much of a challenge."   
"It's possible, but you seem to be forgetting about what brings us here tonight, Rich... Polyphemus itself is a serious risk to you and your planet.  If the Phloxans were only concerned with keeping it away from them, they would have destroyed it.  I'm afraid they have something else in mind... that's what worries me now."
"You think they intend to use it against us?  That's not really their style, it would be a strange move."
"And they are a strange race... it wouldn't be the first time they'd done something unexpected.  Their minds are very complex, we could speculate all night and never figure out what they're up to -- but that seems pointless, considering we've got a guy in the next room who likely knows exactly what they have planned..."
"I guess we should go talk to him, then..."
"It may be our only chance to save Humanity."
"It's more than that, Ambassador -- it's the audible of the Hail Mary play you spoke of.  Perhaps you've given up on saving your people, but I haven't!  I intend to find Polyphemus and get it to that launch-pad!  Man didn't allow Hitler to exist -- we can't stomach the Phloxans any more than we could him!  I learned a lot in the Second World War, Conrad, the most important lesson being that you can never underestimate the power of the Human spirit when a man is determined to make something happen.  Let's go tinker with fate..."



Chapter 13


I'd put about a hundred miles between me and The Booby Trap when the little orange light by my fuel gauge lit up.  There hadn't been any sign of the purple eyed people, but I was still apprehensive to stop.  
The black guy in the Navigator had kept in front of me, which made me feel a little better.  He seemed to be somewhat aware of what was going on, and he knew my name somehow... I guess he could've overheard me introducing myself to Misty, though, so it was possible that he really didn't know anything more than I did. 
Suddenly, there was a loud pop at the back of my tractor accompanied by a cloud of smoke billowing from the nose of my trailer.  The heads-up-display mounted on my reefer flashed red -- the unit was no longer running.  I wasn't all that concerned, though -- so far as I cared, whatever was back there could melt...
The information sign approaching an exit ahead declared that there was a fuel station with diesel, so I considered pulling off in case it was the last one for a while in this wide open farmland area.  I was still thinking about it when the Navigator moved over to take the off ramp.  I wasn't sure whether that was a signal that he wanted me to follow or not, but I was curious to know who this man was anyhow -- so I did.  
The station was very small, just a simple little shack of a convenience store surrounded by pumps for cars with one lone set of diesel pumps for semis around back.  Before I was able to get Big Red pulled up to the fuel island, the Navigator stopped in front of me.  
The black man got out and held up his index finger, mouthing the words hold on as he surveyed the place.  Seeing as it was two in the morning and there wasn't any truck parking, the joint was empty.  Still, the stranger walked around the entirety of the building, scanning with his eyes like he was on a S.W.A.T. team insertion or something.  He weaved side to side a little to get a good look at the attendant inside the store; she must've thought he was a lunatic.  
Apparently convinced that we were safe, he gave me a thumbs up before getting back in his truck and moving forward enough for me to line my rig up with the pumps.  The first thing I did was retrieve my little electronic idol from the passenger seat.  It lit up blue immediately, to my relief... Glowing Jesus was back in the saddle.  I cautiously stepped out, leaving Big Red's engine churning away in case we had to make a quick exit.  
Out of instinct, I jumped up on the catwalk at the back of my tractor to check out the silent reefer unit.  I flipped the switch to the off position and then back on, hoping it would simply start back up.  The red light on the HUD started flashing immediately, so I manually cleared the error code by jockeying through the computerized menu and tried starting the engine manually.  The motor didn't even try to turn over; it clicked and made a grinding noise that didn't sound healthy at all.
When I threw open the guard doors, I saw why immediately.  The line between the oil reservoir and the engine was gone... it could've blown out under pressure, or been removed intentionally; I couldn't tell.  It was  gone, though, which isn't a good thing.  As a result, there was filthy black oil all over the engine compartment with what looked like metal shavings sprinkled around like confetti.  The engine had run dry and seized; the unit was dead.
The man from the Navigator approached me as I was checking it out.
"What's wrong?"  He asked.
"My reefer -- it's dead!"
"Will it run?"
"Hell no, the damn thing is shot!"
"Christ -- that means we have less time than I thought!  Hurry up and pump the fuel so we can get out of here!"
I obliged, quickly unscrewing the driver's side tank cap.  I dug out my fleet card and went to swipe it through the pump terminal only to realize that this was one of those old-school units with no credit card reader.  

Removing the nozzle and flipping the on lever, I squeezed the trigger a bit to see if it would work.  A little woman inside the station was staring out at me through the large windows as I did, so I held up my card hoping she would turn the system on for me.
"Prepay only after dark!"  She said into a silver microphone sprouting out of the counter next to her cash register, her voice being carried over the station's intercom.  "And my card machine is out of order, so you'll have to pay cash."
"Shit!"  I snapped, tossing the nozzle to the ground in my frustration.  "What are we supposed to do now?"
"Just pay her cash!"  The black man suggested, standing  next to me now and staring right back at the woman.
"Right, let me just get my wallet and pull out twelve hundred bucks!  Sorry pal, I don't carry that kind of scratch around with me!"
"Alright."  He replied casually.  "Then we just go with plan b -- sit tight, I'll be right out."
The man jogged over to the building and marched inside, walking up to the counter.  He reached into his back pocket, as though digging for his wallet, as he spoke with the attendant.  Whatever he was saying didn't seem to be convincing her of anything, as she was simply shaking her head at him.  From his wallet he pulled some sort of paper, definitely wasn't cash, and placed it down on the counter in front of the woman.  She seemed to be reading something off of it for a moment, before she eventually looked back up and him and shook her head again.
Seeming frustrated, he held his hand over his brow and rubbed it, then spoke to her again.  I was getting anxious at this point.  The way he had scoped the place out made me nervous that one of those glowing eyed folks was gonna jump out and grab me at any minute.  I picked the fuel nozzle up and jiggled the on switch a couple of times, hoping it would cause something inside to beep and alert him of my discomfort.
Apparently my hijinks did cause some sort of noise on the woman's control board, as she leaned over the console next to her register and pounded on it.  The black man saw an opportunity and took it immediately, reaching over the counter and cupping his hands around the back of her head.  Then he yanked her down, slamming her face viciously into the counter with all the force and leverage his size gave him.
It looked like something you'd see on one of those security camera shows about shocking hold-ups.  I don't know whether she was conscious after the first shot or not, but she was definitely out cold after he yanked her up by the hair and drove her head back down again.  
In all my life, I've never seen an innocent woman pummeled like that before... I froze up, just staring at this stranger as he hurled the poor attendant to the floor.  At that point, he jumped over the counter and hurriedly looked over the controls.  After fiddling with something there for a second, he grabbed the microphone she had spoken to us through and pressed a button that carried his frantic breathing over the loudspeakers.
"Hurry, Randy!"  He shouted.  "Pump the gas!  She's not gonna stay out forever!"
Now I've never stolen anything, but this seemed like an awfully good time to start -- considering everything that had happened.  I wasn't thrilled about it, but I flipped the switch on the pump again and started the waterfall of diesel flowing into my tank.  Fearing what the man might do should the attendant wake up, I quite literally ran over to the satellite pump and started it up as well.  
The man was rummaging around inside the shop for a few minutes before he finally came out.  He was carrying several bottles of water, bags of chips and little snack cakes.  I gave him a look that he seemed to understand, leading him to shrug his shoulders and defend himself vigorously.
"We can't afford to stop any more than we have to!"  He announced.  "They're clearly onto us, they will try to stand in our way."
"What the hell are they?"  I asked.  "Who are you - and what in God's name is in the back of my truck?"
"My name is Evander Hughes, I'm a friend -- and they're the bad guys."  He said quickly, handing me a few of the waters and pitching the rest into his truck.  "What you're hauling is very important, and must be delivered as soon as is possible.  That's all I can tell you right now, Randy, it'll just have to be good enough."
"Bullshit!"  I barked.  "I don't have the slightest idea what's going on here, but I don't want anything to do with it!  I don't know what you think I'm gonna do -- but once my tanks are full, I intend to drop this trailer right here and race home as quickly as I can!  That woman at the bar threatened my son's life -- based on how scared you seem to be, I figure I need to get to him fast!"
"I wish it were that simple, Randy, I really do -- it would make my job a lot easier!  It's not gonna work that way, though, and that's just the bottom line!  When those tanks are full, you're gonna do just like you're supposed to do... drive that damned truck to Cape Canaveral!  I'll be right with you the whole way, I promise... I won't let anything happen to you, you have my word!"
"Yeah -- well what about my son?  What about Sammy?  Those things are monsters man, and they said they're gonna be after him!"
"They will be -- they'll do whatever they have to do to get you to take this load where they want it!  They're savages to the highest degree -- they won't be stopped."
"Perfect - even more reason for me to ditch this trailer, which is now all torn up by the way, and run off to protect my family!"
"If you do that, you'll die."  He returned ominously.  "We'll all die... me, you, your friend Janet -- and your boy."
"Who the fuck are you?"  I shouted, now more furious and enraged than afraid of whatever might be lurking in the darkness.  "How do you know my name?  How do you know about Janet and Sammy?  What the fuck do you want?!"
"I want to survive, Randy -- I want us all to survive!  Where is your son?"
"He's in Tampa -- with his mother."
"As soon as we're out of here, you call her... tell her to take him and run!  It doesn't matter where -- just get him out of the house and away from anything that you're familiar with.  She can't tell you where she is -- where they're going."
"Why not?"
"You remember that coffee you drank when you picked up this load in Oceanside?"
I thought back, the scene at the shipyard seemingly having taken place ages ago after what I'd been through since.  "Yeah."  I replied, remembering the switcher driver handing me the Styrofoam cup when I woke up.  "Yeah, I do remember."
"Do you remember the strange particles at the bottom of the cup?  One of them probably went down pretty rough, right?"
"The grounds -- yes, I remember thinking that it must be instant, because there were grounds at the bottom."
"Those weren't coffee grounds, Randy, and the big one wasn't just a chunk of undissolved powder.  This is a military operation, buddy, overseen by General Richard Tomlinson and a branch of the army known as DETA... the Department of Extra-Terrestrial Affairs!  They couldn't just load you up with something as sensitive as what you've got in that trailer and turn you loose without being sure they had control!"
"Extra-Terrestrial?  This is fuckin' crazy!  Where's Rod Serling, I know this is the god damned Twilight Zone!  They told me I was pulling ice blocks!  What the hell was in that coffee?"
"It was a chip... it's inside of you now; monitoring your heartbeat, your synaptic functions, your location -- everything.  If you move more than a half a mile from this trailer, it will do what it was designed to... kill you."
"What?"  I cried.  "That's bullshit!  Why the hell would they do something like that?"
"They couldn't risk your cargo falling into the hands of The Phloxans -- the bad guys.  The chip was meant to protect you from them just as much as to keep them from getting the load... if they tried to haul you off for torture and interrogation, it would kill you quickly to spare you the misery.  It may be able to read your thoughts too -- I don't know.  If it can and the others get the information, they'll be able to find your boy.  They won't kill you -- but they might hurt him to get to you."
"What stops them from killing me?"
"The chip -- It also links you to what is in your trailer.  If you die, it dies... the bad guys definitely don't want that."
"It?  You mean to tell me there's something alive in there?"
Before he could answer, the pump clicked and the flow of fuel stopped -- the tanks were full.
"There's no time, Randy!  Screw on the caps and let's get out of here before they come!"  
Suddenly, we heard a clunk over the speakers in the station's canopy.  The both of us looked into the shop, seeing the attendant pulling herself up from the ground by yanking on the microphone's boom.  
"Shit!"  Hughes exclaimed, the woman's bloodied face rising to reveal fiery violet eyes in her skull.  "Let's go, Randy!  Let's go NOW!"
I flopped the nozzles on the ground quickly, not bothering to hang them up, and re-capped my tanks.  The Navigator squealed off in front of me, Big Red doing her damnedest to get my heavy load rolling as the woman stumbled out of the station. 
Hughes rolled right through the red light at the first intersection we encountered, so I followed.  We got back on the freeway without delay and pressed on, my heart beating even faster than we were cruising.
I was confused -- and more than just a little.  Randy Johnston is a pretty simple man; I don't spend much time thinking about things like extra-terrestrials or the paranormal -- Hell, I don't even believe in ghosts... I didn't know what to think about this Evander Hughes and his crazy story about DETA or whatever it was called, but I knew he didn't appear to be trying to kill me -- and that was more than I could say about the people with the purple eyes.  
The bit about the chip inside of me seemed like some science-fiction nonsense, but what information did I have to dispute it?  The conspiracy theorists seem to believe all that crap about black helicopters and mind control -- maybe they were right after all?  One thing was for sure; I wasn't about to move more than a half a mile from my load until I was absolutely positive that there was no killer chip.  
My encounter with Hughes had left me with more questions than answers.  He made it clear that Sammy was in danger, though... whatever I did, I had to make sure he was safe.
I tried to call his mother again... her cell still went directly to voicemail, and the home line rang forever.  They were likely sleeping again and couldn't hear it, so I had to try something else.  
Panic was clouding my mind, so it took a minute for me to decide that I needed to send Janet over to their house.  Saying a little prayer, I dialed her number and pressed send.  Thank God -- she answered.
"Hello?"  She moaned, obviously half asleep.
"Janet!"  I spewed out quickly.  "Wake up, sweetie, I need your help!"
"Randy?"  She continued groggily.  "What's wrong, sugar, it's so late!"
   
"I know girl, and I'm sorry -- but it's an emergency!"
"My God, has something happened to Sammy?"
"No -- well, not yet.  He's in trouble though, Misses Jan, and I need you to go wake he and his mother up right now!"
"What for, Randy?"
"There's no time for me to explain - just go wake them up and tell them that they have to get in their car and run!  They can't tell me where they're going, they just have to get far away and stay there until I call back and say otherwise, okay?"
"Randy, I don't understand."
"Please Misses Jan!"  I shouted.  "Please just go -- now!  Go tell them they have to leave right away!"
"Okay, sweetheart."  She finally conceded.  "I'll call you when I get there."
"Thank you, Misses Jan -- I'll tell you more about what's going on once they're out, just hurry!"
As I hung up, I noticed the number for Sun Spot Logistics in my call history.  I figured there was a chance that they might know something about what was happening -- who exactly the shipper was and what I was pulling around the country.  Desperate for answers of my own, I called them.
After a few rings I got that operator tone -- then a message that the number I had dialed was no longer in service.  I called 411, hoping to get another number to reach them at -- but the man I spoke with wasn't able to find anything on file for them at all.  
There wasn't anything else I could do -- so I just drove, following behind this Evander Hughes as we raced down the road.



Chapter 14


The interrogation room was a sterile white space, entirely empty save for the faux wood folding table positioned squarely in the center, three folding chairs positioned around it.  Glen Cross sat in one of the chairs, facing the door.  Having waited for hours, he impatiently tapped his fingers against the surface of the table in droning rhythm.  
Two chairs were set opposite him, presumably for the goons who would try to double team an answer out of him regarding what he had done to the loading manifest.  The young man was eager to see who they would send at him; a high-ranking official, or some flunky with only boot camp experience from which to draw his wisdom.  
His dark eyebrows rose in anticipation as the door jostled, the knob turning before the sound-proofed room was violated by two familiar individuals.
"Wow!"  He exclaimed, leaning back in his seat.  "It's the big guns themselves!"
General Tomlinson was clearly not amused.  He marched in with purpose, his larger than average frame taxing the low-budget chair as he plopped himself down.  Ambassador Butler closed the door behind them and walked a bit more casually, looking over Cross as he entered.
The subject was a young man; likely no more than twenty-seven or twenty-eight years of age.  He was surprisingly well groomed, for a longshoreman; his black hair shining with some sort of glossy product that made it look wet, his whiskers shaven closer than seemed humanly possible.  His face was well defined, almost chiseled looking.  Glen Cross would be right at home on the cover of GQ Magazine -- if not for the oddness of his glowing eyes.
"General... Ambassador..."  He began.  "A pleasure to make your acquaintance."
"Have you been read your rights?"  Tomlinson asked sternly, his own eyes locked intently on the peculiar stare of Cross.
"No."  Glen responded plainly.  "Why?  Am I under arrest?"
"Something like that..."
"Should I ask for my lawyer and bring an end to this questioning quickly?"
"You could ask for one, but you're in my world now."  The General continued.  "I'll tell you he's on his way, if that makes you feel better... but he won't be joining us either way.  Since no one has advised you of your rights under these circumstances, let me get the legalities out of the way by spelling it out... you have no rights!  I will keep you here, until I feel that you've given me all the information that you could possibly have.  When we're done, I'll set you free.  Free, however, is an abstract concept.  If I see fit to kill you, I'll do it -- and no one will ever ask what's happened to you.  You clearly know who we are -- and don't be fooled, we know who you are just as well.  We're gonna cut through all the bullshit real quick and get right down to the brass tacks!"
Cross started laughing; a quiet chuckle at first, growing into a hysteria that echoed through the room and made it difficult for Butler to think.  He was tempted to cover his ears, but Tomlinson had told him of the importance of maintaining an air of control and power.  The Ambassador had never sat in on any sort of questioning conducted by the General before; he was clearly an expert in his craft.  The preparations for this interrogation were nearly as intense as those made by Fathers Merrin and Karras in the climatic scenes of The Exorcist, and the stakes were clearly just as high.  
"Is something funny?"  Tomlinson asked, straight faced.
"I'm sorry, Rich."  Cross returned.  "I've just always found you very humorous!  They say that you think you know it all -- and you've lived up to your reputation!"
"How so?"
"You said that you knew who I was -- yet you clearly have no idea!"
"I know exactly who you are; you're a filthy Phloxan here to interfere with The Polyphemus Project.  You know that if I get it back into the sky, your people are all but finished.  A younger man might even say fucked!"
"A Phloxan?"  Cross answered.  "Guilty as charged; but which Phloxan?  You speak as though we're all the same, but our society is just as hierarchical as this joke that you call Mankind.  I could be Viceroy Umlatta... Lord Viiten... perhaps even Count Zeenadi."
"Count Zeenadi?"  Butler piped up anxiously.  "The Conquistador Of Kahnik?  We were told he was killed..."
Cross smiled.  "Don't you wish, stinking Keeper.  There's no point in hiding in that suit of flesh; I can smell your wretched gaseous body so intensely that I may puke."
"I figure you're a bottle bum."  Tomlinson jumped in.  "Or whatever you call the slime that lines the bottom of the barrel on your world."
"Brave words, for a human.  Since your kind is far to primitive to understand what's really happening here, let me address the slightly more advanced entity in the room.  Ambassador -- do these creatures not understand our power?  Have you neglected to tell Mister Tomlinson here that I could make his head explode with a simple thought?"
"Perhaps you could, if you were in your own body."  The General returned, denying Butler the opportunity to reply.  "I assume you have no power in this form; that was pretty obvious when I gunned down your pal on the interstate.  Correct me if I'm wrong, Conrad -- but, if I'm not mistaken, killing our friend in this frail human body would likely mean a disgusting insect carcass would start rotting on that ball of rock he calls a home."
 Butler didn't know, of course, but he had been told to play along with whatever the more experienced man said.  "That's right, he'll be as dead as the Darcon Cluster."
Glen laughed again.  "You truly have no idea what you're talking about, do you?  This link is no different than what your children -- if you had taken the time to have any -- would experience in playing a simple video game!  You'd kill my character, Mister Cross, but then I'd just take another and try my hand at the level once more!"  
Before he could blink, the man was staring down the barrel of The General's pistol.  It was clear in his demeanor that he wasn't opposed to using it; he had no qualms about firing a red hot slug directly through the skull of the man sitting face to face with him.    
"Gee, I thought our research was pretty thorough."  He bluffed, clearly ready to pull the trigger.
The smile faded rather quickly from Cross' face, leaving him looking deadly serious - if not frightened at the concept.  "Go ahead."  He said coldly.  "Kill this innocent man -- there are plenty of others for me to take... maybe I'll choose one of you?  Imagine the havoc I could wreak in one of your flesh outfits!"
"And maybe Elvira's titties are made of apple sauce.  We're not a couple of rookies that you can sit here and spook out of their skins, pal!  Let me make myself clear about how this is gonna work; when I ask you a question, you will answer it!  If I do not like your answer, I'll put you out like a beef scented candle at a vegetarian convention!  You seem to think you'll be fine to continue on your slithering way once I've dispatched this Mister Cross, but I beg to differ!  I think you know as well as I do what will happen if -- when, rather, I pull this trigger!  Maybe there's a way we can avoid that nasty little measure... but that's gonna be up to you!  Do we have an understanding here?"
"Bold creatures, aren't they Ambassador?"  Cross said snidely.  "I'll speak with you -- so long as it suits me.  Perhaps, when I've had enough, I'll exterminate you like the worthless pest that you are on the face of the universe."
The General holstered his weapon, fatigue at holding it up contributing more to his decision to do so than satisfaction with the answer given by Cross.  
"First things first, then."  He began.  "How are you doing this -- this thing that you're doing?  Projecting yourselves onto people the way that you are."
Cross seemed amused again, his mouth dropping open as he looked back and forth between his interrogators.  "He doesn't really expect me to answer that, does he?"  He said, looking to Butler.  "I mean -- how ignorant would that be?  A good magician never reveals his secrets, General -- even when the trick is that he really has the power to make his assistant float.  Next question, please, I'm already growing tired of this.  We'll call that strike one, friend."
"I guess I should prepare myself for strike two, then -- because what I want to know next is why you're here to begin with.  What are your plans for Polyphemus?"
"Believe it or not, I'll answer that one.  You'll know soon enough anyway, I'm not giving too much away.  That thing you so foolishly crammed into the back of a rolling box is a weapon of unimaginable power!  That's clearly why the pitiful Keepers invested so much of their precious remaining time and effort into bringing it back into existence.  What we intend to do is what every other superior power has done when a presumptuous maggot of a race has acquired something of value... we're going to take it.  This logic isn't foreign to this backwards planet you call Earth -- I believe the very land on which we're sitting once belonged to a group of people who were less powerful than those who crossed the ocean from abroad.  Where are the original owners now, General?  They're right where you will be... festering in the ground like so much garbage!"
"You intend to use Polyphemus against us?  How?  What means do you have to control it?"
"What sort of lies have you told these people, Ambassador?  Do they not understand the nature of this thing that you've brought to them?  We don't need a means to control it, Rich -- we need only to turn it on!  It will make quick work of the fleas of the Earth... three, maybe four days should be all it needs.  Once it's made you pay for aiding and abetting your doomed little friends, we'll likely let it play around here for a while until we need it elsewhere.  
"Having it will allow us to press on with our own Manifest Destiny, disinfecting planets without ever having to set foot on the soil.  It's perfect for worlds like this one, actually -- those fostering creatures with limited means to protect themselves, posing no substantive challenge and therefore offering no thrill of conquest.  It's the ultimate roach bomb!  Isolate the room, toss in the fogger and come back later to sweep up the corpses!"
"Why this game, then?"  Tomlinson inquired as he sorted through the details in his mind.  "Why alter the manifest and lead us on a goose chase?  The fact that you're here demonstrates the power of your race -- why not just bust the trailer open and let it loose?"
"Because we aren't here yet, dipshit!"  Cross chuckled.  "If we haven't acquired it by the time our ships arrive, that's exactly what we'll do!"
"No, that's not it."  The General pondered.  "It can't be that simple.  You seem to have a pretty tight leash on the bodies you've possessed... there's nothing to stop you from having one of these avatars simply crack open Pandora's Box and let everything else take its course.  Hell, you could possess the driver pulling the real load, just like you did to that woman... then it would be all over with.  There must be another reason for your stalling... unless...
"Unless what, Rich?"  Butler jumped in, wondering what his friend could be thinking.
"You don't know which truck it's on, do you?"
"Of course we know, don't be ridiculous!"
"Bullshit!"  The General smiled as he barked back.  "You don't!  If you did, you'd have it by now!  You had your hands on the manifest, but you didn't know the code!  You have no idea where it is!"
"Even if that were the case -- it would make us even!  Thanks to the incompetence of those you trust, you have no idea where it is either!"
"That makes it a race!"  Tomlinson realized, announcing it aloud in his excitement.  "He who finds it first wins it all!  Of course!  That's why we're going through this charade!"
"It makes sense."  Butler spoke up again.  "I've never known The Phloxans to waste time -- unless they were stumped."
"They are stumped!"
"Believe whatever gets you through the night, boys."  Cross continued.  "I can't recommend sleeping, though, because I'd hate to see you waste what little time you have left.  Personally, I'm having trouble closing my eyes -- I'm very excited about getting to see what Polyphemus is capable of first hand!  The wreckage will be incredible, it's a shame you won't be around to witness it!  Most of your county will be a crater when it's done... it will crush  the rest of North America before moving on to the South... crossing the ocean will take it only hours, then it will march over Europe -- Asia next, finally Africa and Australia.  
"The fires will be its playground... perhaps it will amuse itself by toying with some of your nuclear reactors for a while after you're gone -- maybe even while some of you are still left.  There's no telling what this little blue ball will look like when we eventually come back to retrieve it.  It will be dead, however... that much is certain."
"Yes, this is all very interesting."  Tomlinson interrupted.  "How far out is the fleet?  We heard as much as two weeks."
"Strike two, General."
"How many ships?"
"What does that matter?  One would be enough... you know that."
"Is the detachment closing in intended to invade Parousia?  The home world of The Keepers?"
"I'm plenty familiar with the planet called Parousia, Rich, I should call that strike three simply for the offensive nature of your comment."
"Is the conquest of Parousia the mission of this fleet?"
"Of course!  It won't stop there, however, it will press on through the cluster until The Keepers are extinct -- and all of their little puppets with them."
"Which puppets are those?"
"Please!  You think we're not aware of the efforts they've made to protect themselves from us?  Oh, how they fear us -- let me count the ways!  The Knoxians, The Xelliats, The Neephis -- The Humans!  It's a wonderful thing, really, how they've brought all of you out of the shadows for us!  A shame that our leaders have decided to snuff you out now instead of waiting for you to mature a little.  It will be like shooting fish in a barrel, as you might say.  It's for the best, though, because we've learned of an incredible species beyond even what The Keepers thought was the edge of the universe.  Everything we've seen of them says they are very powerful -- our forces will be taxed in the war we will wage with them.  With them on the horizon, we might as well get our own corner of the heavens cleared out before we venture further beyond."
"Who will lead the campaign?"
"Count Zeenadi, of course!  He is ruthless!  It will be fun under his command... For me, that is -- not for you, of course."
"Why?"  Butler asked.  "Why is your race so -- savage?  The Universe is big enough for all of us...  what drives you to destroy every living thing you encounter?"
"Because inferiority disgusts us, and superiority is impossible!  When Thig created us in his image over six million years ago, he bestowed upon us the understanding that we were his master work!  He was old and near the end of his life -- having grown tired and weak with the ages.  He told us of the others that he had spawned throughout the expanse... the mistakes that he had made in his spirited youth.  His final directive was that we were to dedicate our existence to cleaning up after him... wiping clean the canvas of the universe.  We've served him well, but our work has only just begun.  The Keepers seem to consider themselves a significant hurdle in our path, yet they represent no more than a speed bump.  They are a misguided species; the universe will be better off without them."
Tomlinson furled his brow, Butler shaking his head at the notion proposed by whatever was controlling the body of Glen Cross.  The room was silent for a moment, the revelation about this deity Thig and his directive representing the most significant information ever uncovered about The Phloxans and their motivations.  
It was a lot to digest and a fascinating mythology -- somewhat egocentric, but no one expected anything different from the enemy, who were highly dedicated to their convictions.  It only made sense that they acted on the behalf of some God to whom they were devout.  What else could inspire such passion for destruction?
"Would you like for me to tell you more about the teachings of Thig?"  Cross asked, licking his lips in preparation for a lengthy dissertation.
"No," The General began.  "I think we've wasted enough time with you."
"But the tale of Thig is so much more vivid and entertaining than that of this Jesus Christ you pray to... besides, you would be the only non-Phloxans to ever hear of his glory."
"Thanks, but no thanks." 
Tomlinson groaned as he urged his haggard body to stand, sliding the over-stressed chair in which he sat back away from the table.  Butler was anxious to hear the story, theology being among his chief interests.  He wasn't sure what The General was doing, but he hoped it amounted to little more than fetching a cup of coffee.  His heart sank when Tomlinson, instead, drew his pistol and leveled it off in the face of Glen Cross.
"You question the name of Jesus Christ, you cross the magic line!"  He said.  "You may have the count at two strikes, but consider this a line-drive right back in your face!"
A blinding muzzle-flash was accompanied by a deafening pop that made The Ambassador's ears ring.  He covered them instinctively as a geyser of blood erupted from the back of Glen Cross' head.  The young man slumped over the table, dead -- his purple eyes still glowing as the stray air left his body.
"Christ, Rich!"  Butler cried.  "Why the hell did you do that?  We could've learned a lot from him!"
"He was wasting our time, Conrad!"  Tomlinson snapped.  "Stalling us!  We're still in the game, buddy, but we've got to put our head down and charge forward if we hope to score!"
"This is a young man it was in, you didn't have to kill him!"
"He would've died sooner or later anyway - and he's more valuable this way than he was alive.  Get him to the coroner to compare against that woman -- they must have some common bond that allowed The Phloxans access to them.  If we can figure out what it is, maybe we can stop them."
"But you've shot him through the head!  If it's something about the brain that opens the door -- you've destroyed the information!"
Tomlinson shrugged.  "Oooops.  Honest mistake -- he pissed me off.  Go with the corpse - make sure none of those violet-eyed bastards fuck with it.  Call me when they figure something out."
"And what are you gonna do?"
"Try to find that damned truck -- what else?  It's out there, somewhere... we have to get our hands on it before they do."
Butler moved to Cross' side of the table and rotated his limp neck a bit to examine his peculiar irises.  His eyes were drawn to the man's lifeless hand, resting lightly on the surface of the table.  Showing beneath the cuff of his long sleeve shirt was a strange blemish the likes of which The Ambassador had never seen.  Curious, he ran his finger across the discolored skin, nudging the sleeve further up.    
"Oh my!"  He exclaimed, discovering that this mark was a plaque-like lesion that ran half way up Cross' forearm.  "Rich, get a look at this!"
"What is it?"
"I have no idea -- but it's purple... maybe it has something to do with the possession?"
"Ask the coroner -- I'll call if I need you."



Chapter 15


My mind was racing so fast I thought it might tie itself in a knot and cause an aneurism -- or something equally as fatal.  Several hours had slipped away since I last spoke with Janet... she should've called me back by now.  The night had given way to morning, my eastward race taking me directly towards the fiery hot sun on the horizon.
Houston came and went with no word.  What the hell was happening to my boy?  Terrible images flashed through my head -- scenes of him suffering at the hands of some filthy alien tormenting me as I pushed Big Red for every ounce of speed she could muster.  
I was still a thousand miles away from him; there was nothing I could do to protect him.  The only comfort was in the knowledge that, if I kept moving at a decent pace without any further diversion, I could be with him within fourteen or fifteen hours.  What might happen to him in that time period horrified me, though... I couldn't stop wondering if he was okay.
Evander Hughes seemed to be in as much of a hurry to reach our destination as I was.  The Navigator was matching my speed in front of me, pulling away occasionally as his lack of patience got the best of him.  He would disappear into traffic ahead for a minute, then eventually slow and wait for me to catch up.  I couldn't see him through the tinted windows, but I knew he must've been frustrated that we couldn't go any faster.  Had my tractor been equipped with rockets, I would've loved to light them up; throw caution to the wind and race as quickly as we could towards my ex-wife's home.
Somewhere between Houston and Beaumont, my cell phone finally rang.  I snatched it off the dash so quickly I lost my grip and dropped it.  Retrieving it required me to take off my seat belt and nearly stand in my seat while the cruise control kept me rolling.
"Misses Jan?"  I shouted anxiously.  "Did you talk to Sammy?  Is he okay?"
"Oh my God, Randy -- what the hell is going on?"  She replied, my heart dropping at her words.  Her voice was strained, her own concern very evident.  "I went to the house, and no one was home... all the cars were there, but nobody was inside!  I beat on the doors and windows hoping they were just asleep, but I didn't even see anything moving!  I got worried, so I called the police!  I begged them to break into the place, but they wouldn't!  They said the best they could do was to file a missing persons report if they didn't show up within twenty-four hours!"
"Twenty-four hours?  We can't wait that long!"
"I knew you wouldn't be satisfied with that; I could tell by your voice when you called that something was terribly wrong!  I didn't want to call you before I found them, so I checked both Cindy and Dan's jobs, but they weren't there either.  I was worried about Sammy, so I came back to the house and smashed out a window to climb inside..."  She paused, her rapid breathing indicating that she had witnessed something she wished she could erase from her memory.  
"What did you see, Misses Jan?"  I prodded forcefully, trying to make her say the words that she seemed hesitant to speak.  Her only response, at first, was sobbing.  "Janet, you have to tell me what you saw!"  I ordered.  "Is Sammy okay?"
"I don't understand!"  She wailed.  "What in God's name is happening, Randy?  Who would've done -- done this to Cindy and Dan?"
"Done what?"  I asked.  "What happened to Cindy and Dan?"
"Jesus, I don't know!  Help me, Lord, protect me from the demon that could do something like this to people!"
"God damn it, Janet!"  I yelled through a cracking voice.  "Are you in the house now?  Tell me what you see!"
"I can barely tell it was them!"  She revealed.  "There's so much blood!  So many little pieces!  It looks like they've been cut up, Randy -- a little bit at a time!  They're spread all over the house!  What's left of their faces look so horrified!  Like they suffered tremendously and were in terrible pain when they finally died!"  
Janet was crying harder than I'd ever heard anyone cry.  She gasped for air between bouts of elongated sobbing, both fear and grief ringing through her agony.  The sounds she made alone were enough to start my adrenaline pumping; let alone the story.  She sounded like a condemned soul, suffering in the throes of the hottest flames spawned of Hell.  It was getting the best of her; an instinct to pray threatened to pull her away from reality all together each time there was even the briefest pause in our dialogue.  
"Misses Janet!"  I shouted again in an effort to keep her talking.  "What about Sammy?  Did you see Sammy?"
"He's not here, Jesus God!"  She wailed.  "Thank God, he's not here!  Maybe he wasn't here when it happened?  Maybe he didn't see this?  Hail Mary, Mother of God!"
"Stop -- Stop!"  I insisted, trying to keep her feet firmly planted to Earth.  "Listen, Misses Jan!  You have to find him!  Get back in your car and go looking for him!  Maybe he ran off -- he can't be far!"
"I don't know what to do, Randy!  They're DEAD!"
"You have to go, Janet!  Go find Sammy -- NOW!"
Janets crying and praying suddenly gave way to silence, leading me to check my phone to be sure I hadn't dropped the call.  She was still on the line, but wasn't saying a thing.  
"Oh shit!"  She finally yelped as I heard the muffled speech of a man's voice in the background.  "It's the cops, Randy!  The cops are back here!"
"Make them help you find Sammy!"
"Jesus, they're gonna think I did this Randy!  I'm covered in blood -- I slipped in it when I came in!  What do I do?"
"Get out of the house!  Somebody has to find my boy, damn it!  Get out!"
"They're coming!"
"Freeze lady!"  The male voice commanded, much louder and clearer now than it had been before.
"I didn't do this!"  Janet cried.
"Get on the ground, right now!"
"Help me, Randy!"
"On the ground!"
Suddenly there were sounds of a struggle, several thumps followed by hurried footsteps and the click-click-click of handcuffs being applied.
"Please!"  Janet begged them.  "There's a little boy missing!  You have to believe me, I didn't do this!"
"My God, Sarge!"  An officer moaned.  "I've never seen anything like this!"
"Get her out of here -- call CSI."
"Wait!"  I yelled, hoping one of them would hear.  "Is anybody there?"
There was more rustling, then the line went dead.  It was like being in a nightmare; my family was under attack, and I was entirely helpless.  
Christ, why didn't I just do what Misty had asked?  Why didn't I drop this load in Dallas and let her do whatever those monsters wanted to do with it?  Whatever they were, whatever they wanted with what was in my trailer; it had cost my boy's mother and her husband their lives, and Sammy was in terrible danger.  I should've let them have it... I had no idea it would come to this.
I tried to call back, but it went straight to voicemail... they'd either busted or turned off her phone.  Not knowing what else to do, I decided to call the Tampa PD.  A woman dispatcher answered, asking how she could help... I wasn't sure exactly what to say; she'd never believe that some alien force was acting through people and conspiring against me.  
"Listen," I began.  "Your officers just detained a woman on Cornel Street."
"At the Hazlet residence, yes."  She replied.
"My son lives there -- Sammy Johnston."  I explained.  "He's missing!  I need you to put the whole damned department on trying to find him; he's in danger!"
"There's nothing we can do about that, sir."  She answered strangely.  "Everything is in your hands."
"Excuse me?"
"If you turn around and head for Dallas, Randy, this can all be put behind you."
"What?"  I recoiled.  "What do you want?  Jesus, who are you people?"
"There's no need for panic, sir -- just take the trailer to Dallas, and your son will not be harmed.  Whatever Hughes is telling you is a lie -- we don't want to hurt anyone.  We only want what's ours."   
"Fuck you!"  I hollered.  "If you touch my son, so help me God I'll --"
"Your God can't help you, Randy."  She said.  "We're your only hope now.  Get to Dallas, before it's too late -- for Sammy."
My phone made a strange buzz and then went dark.  I don't know how or why, but it was fried.  I tried plugging it in, popping off and replacing the battery; everything.  No matter what I did, it showed no further signs of life.
Despite her inflammatory suggestion, the thought of heading for Dallas was now out of the question.  I've never done anything under threat, and I wasn't about to start now.  How dare these things threaten me?  How dare they put their hands on my boy?  
I had been frightened before, but now I was pissed.  I'm not a violent man, and I've never wished death on anyone -- but if I had the power to destroy each and every one of those creatures, whatever they were, I would've done it at that moment without a second thought.  
They clearly wanted whatever it was that I had in my trailer -- but they weren't going to get it... not if I had anything to do with it.  They had crossed the line -- simply gone too far.  The threats Misty had made about using Sammy as a bargaining chip were bad enough; actually taking him, though -- killing his mother and stepfather... that was more than I could allow them to get away with.  I would make them pay for what they had done... 
For all I knew, my boy was already dead... the very idea tore my heart out, but I had to be realistic with myself.  Hughes had said these things were savages -- everything I'd seen of them confirmed that suggestion.  
They obviously weren't at all concerned with human life, nor those of their own for that matter.  At The Booby Trap, they had tried to block our exit with their bodies -- who does that?  Would someone -or something- willing to go to those lengths be reasonable enough to spare a child for the sake of negotiation?  
Not likely... I needed more answers, though; about what I was hauling, about the things that were chasing me, about this DETA that Hughes spoke of... about Hughes himself.  I didn't understand what I had gotten myself stuck in the middle of, and the lack of that basic understanding of the stakes made all of this much too difficult for my simple mind to process.  
It was so much to absorb, but I was doing my damndest to figure everything out.  I tried to block out the anger -- to think about what was happening.  
These intruders, if you will, had earned themselves the top spot on my shit list with their tactics -- but why were they doing this?  Were they even capable of having a purpose, or were they simply murderous demons?
Maybe they were fighting for something important to them? something as valuable to them as my boy is to me?  Perhaps their situation was so dire that drastic measures were called for?  Maybe I would do the same things, if our roles were reversed?  
Hell, maybe the government of these United States had done things like this on my behalf already when circumstances made it necessary.  Maybe this was the purple-eyed equivalent of water-boarding?  Either way, I needed to know what was going on.  Hughes was the only one with the answers who seemed interested in saying anything to me besides go to Dallas.  I needed him to talk...  
I thought about playing my cards hard by pulling over and refusing to move until the man in the Navigator satisfied my curiosity; he seemed as determined to get this load to Cape Canaveral as those things were to get it to Dallas... surely, he would chirp -- if I squeezed him hard enough.  
That would only serve to delay things further, though -- and I needed to get to Tampa as quickly as was possible.  If Sammy was alive, I intended to make sure that he stayed that way.  The answers would come... one way or another.



Chapter 16


We were nearing Baton Rouge, speeding like steel bullets, before we came upon the next hurdle to slow us down.  The scale house along I-10 was open -- only the second active weigh-station I'd had to enter since the beginning of my trip.  
One of the reasons I generally try to run during the late-night hours is that most of the coops are generally closed.  I had the proper permits to be hauling the overweight load strapped to my ass, but I still didn't like the idea of driving past the D.O.T. man's house when I was in such a hurry.
"Shit."  I said to myself as I slowed and moved into the exit lane to approach the scale.  
Since it was early evening, I had my lights on.  Looking in my driver's side mirror, I saw that dragging my trailer across that truck back at the bar had taken out two of my markers.  The aluminum body had creased and bent around them, pinching them until they popped.  They would stop me for sure if they saw that; maybe even shut me down until I could have someone come to fix it.  
The building the cops would be watching from was to the right of the scale in the road -- so the damage was on the opposite side of the truck than they would see.  Still, I wasn't going to chance it... I flipped the switch to turn all my lights off, hoping they wouldn't notice and get curious about why.
Hughes didn't take the ramp to enter the station.  He slowed, but kept rolling forward.  I guess he figured that I would be in and out; he could simply wait until I emerged, then resume the race.  Unfortunately, that was not to be the case.
Several rigs crossed the scale in front of me, slowing to five miles-per-hour, per the posted notices, and creeping across the pad at a crawl  Each of them got a green light, their trucks roaring as they took the invitation to get the hell out of Dodge and sped back onto the interstate. 
When it was my turn, I moved forward just as slowly -- rolling down my window as the signs around the scale advised.  Neither the green nor the red light came on as I approached the signal, so I slowed even further.  
This particular scale house had just one little pad in the ground that weighed each axle individually as they rolled over it.  I felt the bumps when each of the tractor's axles cleared the pad, and could see in my mirror that the trailer tandems had passed as well.  The weigh process was over -- but there was still no indication as to what the operator wanted me to do.  At this point, the nose of my truck was lined up with the signal, so I stopped where I was.
"Driver, please back up over the pad."  An official sounding man called over a bullhorn by my window.  
In all my experience, I'd never been asked to actually reverse at a weigh station.  I've been told to pull around back and approach the scale again, but never to back up where I was.  The order was coming from a man of the law, though, so I couldn't just tell him he was crazy and keep rolling down the road.  There were other rigs lined up behind me, two of which had to back up themselves to allow me the room to maneuver.  I'm sure they found it as strange as I did, but -- what can you do?
When my trailer tandems were back on the pad, the man called stop... so I did.  After a few seconds, he ordered me to continue back... so I obliged.  He told me to halt again when my tractor tandems were on the scale, then a third time when my steers were being weighed.  
Since they were clearly concerned with how heavy my rig was, I pointed at the permit in the corner of my windshield that gave me clearance to have it on the road.  Apparently, that wasn't good enough.  The red light finally came on, and I was asked to park the truck behind the scale and enter the shack with my paperwork.
For a fraction of a second, I considered slamming it into gear and making a run for it.  There were two D.O.T. cruisers parked behind the building, though, so I wouldn't have gotten far without some resistance popping up.  My haste to get to Florida might've ended in a blaze of glory, had I decided to be a cowboy.  
All I could do was hope that the delay would be minor; there's no way I could sit still for long with the knowledge of what had happened to my ex-wife -- the mortal danger that Sammy was in, if he was still alive.  I scanned the road ahead for Hughes and the Navigator, but there was no sign of him.  He looked like he ought to be involved with some sort of law enforcement himself; I could really use him now.
After parking Big Red, I immediately got to work on my log.  I hadn't made any entries at all since Van Horn and the incident at the strip club.  Not enough time had passed since then for me to have legally traveled as far as I had -- that was a problem.  
If I'd stuck to the eleven hours driving, ten hours down rule, I'd be parked for a nap back near the Texas border.  Hiding my transgression wouldn't be possible without reworking several days worth of the log -- I figured there was no way the cops would allow me enough time in my cab to do that without coming to see what I was up to.
Hoping they were more concerned with my overweight permit than my log, I filled in that I had reached my present location in just ten hours out of Van Horn.  That suggestion was ridiculous, of course, unless my tractor was capable of pulling about eighty-five miles an hour -- and that would open me up to a speeding ticket (yes, they can do that).  Still, it was all I could do...  I said a little prayer and grabbed my registration binder before hopping out of the truck.
As I was walking to the scale house, I noticed that my trailer was leaking something from its little drainage channels.  The display on the reefer said that it had reached thirty-eight degrees inside my box -- whatever was back there was melting.  It looked like water, for the most part.  Christ, I wish I knew what it was... 
Had I seen this dripping under any other circumstances, I would've been concerned about a potential cargo claim.  When a shipper puts a load of perfectly good anything on the back of a truck, it assumes that it will arrive in the same condition on the unloading dock of their customer.  Bills of lading they prepare clearly state that the trucking company is responsible for any damage that occurs to the load between point A and point B.  
This is why truckers are required to carry cargo insurance; generally amounting to $100,000 worth of protection.  If my unit were to break-down and cause a load of milk to spoil, my insurance would be required to pay the shipper for the loss of revenue.  There's a deductible, of course, and I would generally be getting concerned about how I was going to cover the cost at this point.
In this instance, a $2,500 bill was the furthest thing from my mind as I approached the scale house.  Hughes had hinted at the possibility of whatever was in my trailer being alive... what risk was there in it melting?  Would it die?  Perhaps worse yet, was it something frozen that might wake up when it thawed?  
Even those concerns were fleeting in the face of what was happening to Sammy... this would have to be a very quick detour.
The scale house stunk of smoke, which was okay by me.  There were three troopers on duty; they apparently were not the favored sons of Louisiana, as the place wasn't air conditioned at all.  The heat was oppressive, slapping me in the face as soon I was in the door.
"Howdy."  One of the men greeted me, stepping up to a counter that separated me from the three of them.  He was wearing a pair of PD-Issue aviator sunglasses along with that silly hat that State Troopers often wear.
The other two had their backs to me, monitoring computer display as trucks rolled over the scale pad.  Neither of them turned around to look me over -- at least I wouldn't be subjected to the third degree by all of them.
"Looks like you're a little heavy this evening."  The man with the shades said with a smile.  
"Yeah -- but I've got a permit."  I replied, pulling the paper giving me authority to be overweight for this trip out of my binder and presenting it to him.
He looked it over for a second, examining all of the legal mumbo-jumbo.  "Looks like it's all in order."  He eventually said.  "May I see your registration, proof of liability insurance, cargo insurance, and proof of authority please?"
"Sure," I said cordially, passing him the binder in its entirety.
He took just a few seconds to look over all of its contents.  Apparently satisfied, he passed it back.  "Now your operator's license and logbook, please."
Shit... this could be a problem, I thought.  I handed it over nonetheless, clearing my throat nervously.  He flipped through the pages of the past seven days quickly... too quickly.  At the rate he was going, he was either not really looking -- or was some kind of human calculator like you see on those late night talk shows.  
"Uh-ohhhhhhh!"  He said suddenly.  "Looks like we've got a little problem!"
"What might that be?"  I asked, trying to play it cool.
"Gee, I'm sorry."  He replied.  "I think I'm gonna have to shut you down for the night."
"For what?"  I asked, knowing full well that my forgery was enough to earn that penalty.  I didn't think the officer had looked closely enough to spot it, though, so I was curious as to what issue he took with what he did see.  Why was he picking on me?
"Such a shame, too -- I hate to make drivers late for their delivery appointments!"
"I don't understand, sir -- on what grounds are you doing this?"
"You should be okay, though."  He continued as though he wasn't hearing anything I was saying.  "Your delivery bill here says the load's not due for several more days.  You'll still have plenty of time to make it."
"Officer," I continued.  "Can I get an explanation please?  I know you don't care, but I have very important obligations at home that I need to attend to.  I can't just sit here for ten hours because you feel like flexing the muscles of the law."
"Go to your truck, Mister Johnston.  Since it's seven o'clock now, you'll be able to get going again at -- ummm -- five in the morning.  We'll write up your citations now, just come in and fetch them before you roll out."
"Sir," I objected vehemently.  "Please, can you at least tell me what I've done?"
"Tell 'em, Chip!"  One of the other officers chimed in.  "You've had enough fun with him!"
"Well, Randy."  Chip said, the corners of his mouth tightening into a devious smile.  "You're in a world of trouble here.  There are numerous problems with you log -- you're gonna be looking at some serious fines."
"For what exactly?"
"There is, however,"  he began.  "A way that we can work it all out without tarnishing your undoubtedly spotless driving record."
Here we go, I thought... I'd heard this before -- plenty of times, actually.  It was essentially a shake-down.  Turns out being a state trooper doesn't pay all that well; some of these guys rake in a little coin on the side by taking bribes from truckers when they're bent over the barrel.  They're usually pretty cheap, though, in comparison to what they can cost you with a stroke of their empowered pen.
"Okay guys, I got it."  I said, smiling back at the officer I now knew as Chip.  "What's it gonna cost me this time?  Twenty each?  Maybe fifty?  I can't do much more than fifty each though, just so y'all know."
"No no no no no."  Chip answered.  "It's nothing like that at all, Mister Johnston.  We don't want your money... we've got something all together different in mind."
I was confused... if they weren't after cash, what was it?  Having absolutely no idea, I asked.
"It's simple, really."  He replied.  "Just pull that load to Dallas, Randy... that's all you have to do!"
Chip pulled down his shades, resting them on the tip of his nose.  Doing this revealed a set of familiar glowing eyes underneath, their purple depths sucking me in and shaking me to my core.  
My face must've shown my shock, and Chip found my expression humorous.  He chuckled coldly, pressing the glasses back to his forehead to conceal his nature once again.
"Jesus Christ!"  I exclaimed, stepping back from him slowly.
"What?"  One of the troopers at the computer said, spinning around on his stool, looking equally as surprised as I was.  "What's wrong with you, Chip?  Take his load to Dallas?  Get the damn money and get him out of here so we can get another!  Momma needs a new pair of shoes, brother!"
Chip turned to face his partners, his smile still wide and evil.  Without another word, he drew his service weapon so fast it should've been accompanied by thunder.  Before the poor soul at the computer could react, Chip had shot him right through the eye.  
The second officer snapped around now, spilling a cup of coffee he was holding all over his uniform as he tried to dig out his own gun.  He never stood a chance either, catching a bullet in each shoulder, and finally the head -- as though Chip had sought to paint him with the cross.
I bolted for the door, sprinting for my life.  It slammed closed in front of me, though, and a beam of light danced around it that was so hot it singed my eyebrows.
"Just do it, Randy!"  Chip shouted.  I looked back at him in terror, his shirt and face stained with blood spatter.  "We'll let you and Sammy live -- we promise!"
The room lit up brightly as a loud mechanical roar sounded from outside, drawing my eyes past the scale pad to the interstate beyond.  Over Chip's shoulder, I saw Hughes' Lincoln Navigator speeding directly at the shack, grass and mud flying up behind it as it tore towards us.  
With little time to react, I dove towards the wall on my right and tucked myself into a ball on the ground.  The windows exploded and splinters erupted in a deadly torrent as the truck met the building with a crunch.  Out of the corner of my shielded eye, I saw Chip mowed down, the counter he was standing at being toppled as well by the big black missile in a split second of chaos.  The truck finally came to a halt, a good portion of the shack collapsing around it.
"Come on, Randy!"  Hughes barked as he leapt from his destroyed vehicle.
The wreck had opened up an egress through which I could escape.  Not wanting to risk seeing the cop rise with a chip on his shoulder, I broke for the pink daylight with my savior by my side.  
I essentially flew into Big Red, reaching over to unlock the passenger door and allowing Hughes to jump inside.  This was the second time he'd saved me -- taking him along seemed the only wise move to make.  This would be my chance to get the answers I longed for as well; the man would be a captive audience.



Chapter 17


A small, rickety metallic table fan, its rusted joints creaking as it oscillated, provided the only relief for General Tomlinson from the sweltering heat of the tiny room in which he sat, alone.  
"Come on, come on!"  He complained at the unwillingness of the small DVR system he operated to fast forward at a pace he found sufficient.  "Chinese piece of garbage!"
The owners of the facility DETA had rented for use in facilitating the transportation of Polyphemus had told him that their surveillance system was state of the art.  He wasn't on top of today's technology as well as some of the younger members of his team, but even he knew that the equipment which had recorded the load-out process was far from a top-notch video system.  It was slow to react to user input, the video was grainy, and the camera angles almost useless.  Still, it was something... the only tangible piece of evidence he could unearth that might lead him to the truck hauling the real payload.
The equipment put off incredible heat, a myriad of cooling fans blasting it into the cramped space around him as they tried to preserve the functionality of the aged processors.  He had endured the temperature for hours, scrutinizing every frame from each of the angles available.  
Most of what he observed amounted to the blasting of chipped ice from large hoses into the back of semi-trailers, their refrigeration units casting off exhaust that made the high-angle views even more obscured than they generally would be.  The problem was; all of the loads shipped out of Oceanside that night had received a healthy dose of ice.  Most were then loaded with steel or concrete ballast -- only one got what was behind door number two.
As fate would have it, the area of the building in which Polyphemus had been stored wasn't covered by any of the cameras.  Only the top corner of a massive doorway to that wing of the structure was visible; so Tomlinson watched for any hint of it opening.  
It did so several times, of course, throughout the night in question... technicians had been advised that it was important to check the temperature of the room every half hour, introducing a mist of frigid Glycol whenever it started to show any signs of warming.  This process was carried on even after Polyphemus was moved out of its holding; only a select few were allowed to know exactly when it was loaded up.  
Lieutenant Dix, the brain-surgeon who had handed the loading manifest to Glen Cross, was among them; he would be able to identify the trailer immediately, if he were available.  It seemed that Mister Dix had gone AWOL -- either out of fear of being court marshaled for his ignorance, or as a result of some interference from the Phloxans.  
The latter seemed most likely, as all of the members of the team with knowledge as to which trailer pulled the real payload had gone missing within the past thirty-six hours.  Tomlinson was more than familiar with the phenomenon of coincidence, but this seemed a bit too convenient for his liking.  Had one of them been taken alive and spilled the beans to the purple-eyed folks, The General's work might be entirely in vain... that would be bad.  
Working the video for all it was worth, Tomlinson tried to cross-reference the camera that allowed a look at the door and another that provided a panoramic view of the facility, showing the front ends of the trailers lined up for loading.  Each time one of the giant forklifts zooming around the frame would place something on a trailer, there was an obvious jostling of the box.  Throughout the entire night, there were three instances in which one of these indications of the burden of weight was present while the door to the Polyphemus room was open... one of those that was loaded in concert with the doors had to be the trailer that received the payload.
Tracking down three would be much easier than fifty -- but they could be anywhere along the route between California and Florida at this point... it was still a nearly impossible objective.  
Nearly Impossible might as well have been Rich Tomlinson's middle name, though, as much of what he had accomplished in his past had been described the same way by others without the determination to try.  He was willing to take on any challenge, no matter how insurmountable the odds may seem.  
Tackling this task would be no different than climbing the incredible mountains that stood behind him; though successfully reaching this particular summit would represent his greatest achievement to date.
Determined to succeed, he decided that the first step in finding these trailers was, obviously, being able to identify them.  This required a good deal of patience; he essentially had to trace the path of each one backwards from the moment of loading through the numerous camera angles until he was able to catch a glance at something which made that particular trailer unique.  The resolution wasn't nearly adequate to make out any license plates, so he had to rely on fleet unit numbers marked either on the rear doors or the noses of the trailers.
Two of the three boxes in question belonged to large truck lines; a simple call to their dispatchers with the unit number would allow him to identify the driver assigned to that equipment.  With any luck, he would be able to contact them directly via their cell phones -- if the Phloxans hadn't already discovered and taken hold of them at the very wheel of the rig.  Better yet, the trucks might be equipped with GPS units, like the one that had led the team to Annette Cassidy in Mississippi.
The third trailer would be much harder to identify.  It bore no company markings whatsoever, and was likely operated by an independent trucker.  It was by far the nicest vehicle of the bunch; the sides were corrugated stainless steel as opposed to factory-issue flat aluminum, and far more marker lights than were required decorated its running lines.  
Tomlinson watched the video from beginning to end in an attempt to pick up any detail that would reveal who the box belonged to.  A holding lot camera allowed him to see it being pulled into the yard by a boxy red Kenworth, but its marking were obscured and too small to read as well.  Despite his best efforts, the ownership and identity of this particular trailer was still a mystery. 
The door of this surveillance room opened, a blast of considerably cooler air flooding in from the hallway outside as Sergeant Elaine Dickinson entered the space.
"Any luck?"  She asked. 
"A little -- but not enough."  He replied.  "How about you?  Anything interesting out of Sun Spot?"
"Just this."  She continued, dropping a thick stack of papers onto the desk in front of him.  "Ten drivers called in after loading, complaining that they were overweight.  Barb pulled permits for them and sent them on their way.  It's not much -- but maybe we can dig in a little further and get more out of it."
Tomlinson leafed through the papers, examining the details of each permit.  "This is excellent, Elaine!  Don't sell it short!  I'd bet the farm that the truck carrying Polyphemus would've been overweight and is, therefore, among these permits!"
"I agree, but that still leaves ten trucks to find!  That doesn't seem likely to happen quickly; and the Phloxans are probably two or three steps ahead already."
"Maybe we can narrow that field down a bit with what I've found in here."  He thought aloud.  "There are three trailers that receive their load while the doors to the payload room were open... if we can determine that one of those trailers also had an overweight permit pulled, I bet we'll know exactly who we're looking for."
"What if all three got permits?"
"Then we're right back where we started -- but at least we'll know that my suspicions about these three were accurate.  You can't think like that though, Sergeant -- not if you hope to take over the big chair one day.  You must have faith... these two pieces of the puzzle will lead us to Polyphemus... we will succeed."



Chapter 18


"Before I move this truck, you take off those glasses!"  I ordered Hughes as soon as he was in Big Red's passenger seat.
He pulled the golden-framed deep-black shades down the bridge of his nose, revealing perfectly brown eyes underneath.  Satisfied, I nodded -- and he slid them back in place.
"What in God's name are they?"  I asked as I started the truck and threw it into gear.  "What do they want from me?"
"It's not important, Randy!"  He replied, gasping for breath after our break-neck run.  "All that matters is that we get this load to The Cape as soon as possible!"
"Bullshit!" I yelled as we merged back onto the interstate, checking my mirrors for any signs of trouble.  Thankfully, there were none.  "These things killed my ex-wife and her husband!  They may have my son as well -- I think I deserve some answers about who they are -- what the hell they're after!  Time to start talking, pal, before I throw you right out of this truck!  Start the beginning; who the fuck are you? "
"My name is Evander Hughes, and I'm a friend."  He started.
"And they're the bad guys, I know!  You've said that already, but now I need the f'ing details!  Who are you working for?"
"For all of us, Randy... all of Mankind."
"Great -- but that's a little vague, isn't it?"
"I'm with the Secret Service."  He said, seeming somewhat apprehensive to reveal all of the details.  I did my best to make it clear in my demeanor that I wasn't going to settle for anything but the whole story -- I guess he picked up on it, because he continued despite his obvious discomfort.  "But not the branch that runs around protecting the president and tracking down counterfeit money.  We're a black-flag contingent, loosely associated with DETA -- the group headed by General Tomlinson that I told you about before.  I was assigned to watch over Polyphemus; that thing you've got in the back of this truck.  My orders are to ensure its safe passage to Cape Canaveral -- and beyond... at all costs."
"What exactly is a Polyphemus, pal?  And why the hell am I pulling it across the country?"
"In Greek Mythology; Polyphemus was the son of Poseidon and Thoosa... he was the Cyclopes that Odysseus blinded in The Odyssey."
"So I've got a story-book monster in my truck?  Right -- try again, brother!"
"Polyphemus is just a code-name, but you'll find the truth even harder to believe."  Hughes offered with a sigh.  
"Don't you worry about what I believe, just keep talking!"
"It's the result of a project undertaken by a race of extraterrestrial beings that we know as The Keepers.  They are a species that exists on a planet far, far away from here -- which we call Parousia.  They're a peaceful people; but they've lived under a great threat for thousands of years.  A race of intergalactic conquerors, called the Phloxans, stumbled upon them some time ago and tried to eradicate their kind; which they've done to countless other species throughout the universe.  You on board so far?"
"Just tell the damned story!"
"They weren't immediately successful, as The Keepers have no physical bodies to kill.  They exist as clouds of energy, immune to the weapons available to The Phloxans at the time of their arrival."
"Oh really?"  I said sarcastically.  "Even their Photon Torpedoes?  Isn't this perfect?  I've got strange people with glowing eyes chasing me, and I end up with a quack reporter from The Globe riding around in my truck!  How's Big Foot's bastard child doing these days, Hughes?"
"It's difficult to swallow, I know."  He explained, the rolling of his eyes obvious even behind his shades.  "But it's true -- as real as you and I.  You asked the question... you don't have to believe it, you just have to keep driving this truck."
He was right, of course -- I didn't believe a word he was saying; it was ridiculous.  I'd read comic books that were more believable than this tall tale.  
Still, what was the harm in hearing him out?  No one else was telling me anything, and he had been there to save me on multiple occasions.  Plus, it was obvious that he believed every word of what he was saying.  If it was a bunch of bullshit, someone had done a hell of a job brainwashing him into believing it.  This guy had definitely drank the Kool-Aid -- and had seconds to boot.  I tried to keep an open mind, as difficult as that was.
"Keep going!"  I ordered.  "What happened next?"
"The Phloxans were frustrated at their inability to kill The Keepers and went back to their home world to do some research.  The Keepers are not a warlike race... without physical form, they never needed to be -- no one had ever tried to slaughter them before.  They had no way to defend themselves in the event The Phloxans returned with the ability to kill them.  
"Knowing that they would be back, The Keepers started taking steps to defend themselves against the looming threat.  First, they reached out to other life forms living between Parousia and the Phloxan hub.  We were among those they contacted... they came in the year 9510 BC; when we were struggling to find our way out of the Stone Age.  
"Since that time, they have shared their knowledge of the universe with us... guiding us in our continuing evolution.  Without them, we would still be struggling to understand the basics of working metal.  The goal was to develop us as a force capable of standing beside them when The Phloxans returned; fighting for their very existence, alongside the other races they had cultivated.  The children, if you will, of The Keepers would be a surprise; if used strategically, perhaps one that The Phloxans couldn't overcome."
"So, let me get this straight."  I interrupted.  "All of our advances in technology; everything that we've become since the days of the cave man -- it's all due to the influence of these creatures?  All to be used in some space-age game of Stratego?"
"Yeah, that's pretty much it.  They are infinitely knowledgeable..."
"Well -- if these things are so advanced, why didn't they just give Fred Flintstone a phaser rifle and set him off to battle?  Seems like that would've been the better way to go; a bit faster, if nothing else."
"The answer to that question is simple, Randy -- just look at all the problems of the world; even today.  We are a combative species, we always have been.  Had we been able to focus our collective efforts, perhaps they could've just done that.  We couldn't, though... we were always too concerned with destroying each other to come together towards a common good.  Men took every bit of information that we received and bent it into the ability to kill off those of their own kind that didn't see things quite the same way that they did.  The Keepers discovered quickly that they would have to trickle knowledge down slowly; let us chew each bite slowly before offering another spoonful.  
"A small contingent of them assumed Human form and have lived here with us since the beginning, evaluating our progress and allowing us access to more and more as they decided we were capable of handling it.  Very few among us knew of their presence; you can imagine the bedlam if people discovered that the purpose of their existence was essentially to develop a means of defending an alien race.  
"Eventually, there would've come a time at which we were ready for a massive influx of information -- the keys to the kingdom that would've prepared us to help stave off a coming invasion.  We were getting close... but it wasn't to be.
"The Phloxans started making preparations for their attack sooner than The Keepers had expected.  We're simply not ready to join in the defensive in the manner originally intended.  A rally cry and the introduction of the technology we would need at this point would result in the crumbling of our very society.  People haven't gotten over themselves enough to throw their lives down on the line for a race they don't know or care about.  Most would sooner dig themselves into holes and hide than stand and fight... The Keepers have other irons in the fire, though -- chief among them, Polyphemus."
"And what exactly is that?"
"It's a Tal-Gashot..."  He said plainly.
"A who?"
"Another long story -- basically, The Keepers found a planet during their exploration for partners that was essentially dead.  It showed signs, however, of formerly playing host to an incredible species.  It was obvious in the ruins of their world that they had been a highly advanced race; both in their physical development, and their level of technological mastery.  A detachment of Keepers were left behind to study the world... archaeologists, strategists, scientists... 
"They found records and fossils of creatures who called themselves The Tal-Gashot; massive bones and bits of bio-mechanical devices that told the story of a race of hybrid giants.  They were humanoid; standing, on average, sixty feet tall and having ribcages over thirty feet in circumference.  Years of research revealed a lot about their lives...   
"Their world was very hostile to their particular needs, requiring tempering and terra-forming to suit them.  In order to make modifications, they mastered the art of mechanical body manipulation, enhancing their strength to the point that they could chop down mountains larger than you could possibly imagine with their bare hands.  They transformed their world; essentially overnight.  With that hurdle out of the way, they turned their attention to the exploration of the galaxy beyond.  
"When all was said and done, a Tal-Gashot could travel the universe without the assistance of spacecraft.  Their very bodies, equipped only with rockets in their massive titanium boots and an atmospheric helmet, became the ship.  They were amazing. 
"According to some of the texts uncovered, the Tal-Gashot are actually the parents of all other races in the universe;  they somehow seeded all of the worlds that are now known to foster intelligent life.  If they were alive today, they would be seen as Gods..."
"So what happened to them?  You said their world was dead..."
"No one really knows."  He concluded.  "Something changed on their home world... some conflict arose between them.  The mythology uncovered about the times before the final conflict revealed that they were deeply emotional creatures, devoted to the concepts of honor, integrity, loyalty and respect.  According to their historical texts, simple incidents between individuals often became the foundations of massive wars that killed thousands.  One story told of what would be a husband destroying an entire colony over an incident involving an unwelcome advance towards his wife.  To insult a Tal-Gashot was to inspire his wrath... and his wrath wasn't a pretty thing.  
"There was very little recorded about what happened in the end, and the narratives that were recovered were vague.  All that was clear was that something occurred that brought all of them home... the writings suggest that it was some sort of sickness or plague -- a lethal sort.  They all went crazy with rage and an appetite for violence... as a result, they destroyed themselves. Each and every one of them was dead before whatever the problem was could be resolved.  They did to themselves what no other creature in the known universe could've possibly done to them... made their kind extinct."
"Extinct?  I'm not hauling bones in the back of my rig, am I?  What would these Phloxans want with bones?"  I asked, getting caught up in the story.
"No, not bones at all."  He continued.  "The Keepers were amazed at the level of destruction they found on the planet; they realized the powers of the Tal-Gashot were far greater than anything the Phloxans could hope to withstand.  If it was possible to -- bring one back... that could the answer to the Phloxan threat.
"They were able to isolate strands of Tal-Gashot DNA, which they used to grow one.  They called on technology they'd discovered throughout the universe to produce bio-mechanical implants and accessories that made the creature more powerful, even going so far as to introduce new weapons from other worlds that made this particular Tal-Gashot a killing machine.  The space equivalent of a Terminator.  Fearing the disease that had made them so violent might be reproduced in the clone, The Keepers kept it in stasis throughout its development.   When the process was complete, they woke it up...
"Whatever it was that drove them to fight amongst themselves was carried over in the genes... Just as The Keepers had hoped, it was insane with rage and a desire to destroy.  They put it back into stasis, trying to keep it hidden.  If all else failed, they would send it to the Phloxan home world and let it work its destructive magic.  It would do such incredible damage that all Phloxan forces would likely be recalled to defend their home -- and the Tal-Gashot would've killed all of them.  
"When the time came, it was frozen and launched into space from Parousia as a solid block of ice.  When it breached the Phloxan atmosphere, the shell would burn off -- the giant would come to life, laying siege to the planet until there was nothing left of the antagonists.  
"Something went terribly wrong, however, and the guidance system brought it here instead.  It crashed into the Pacific Ocean last week; nearly thawed. 
"Realizing what had happened, The Keepers turned to General Tomlinson; a trusted representative of Humanity who has been responsible for dealing with their ambassadors for the majority of his life."
"And he conceived this grand plan to ship it across the country?  Why?"
"He decided it had to be taken to Cape Canaveral... where it could be launched back towards Phlox."
"That seems a little crazy, don't you agree?"  I asked.  "I mean, you're telling me there's this invaluable weapon of unimaginable power on which the very existence of these Keepers hinges -- why wouldn't they just launch it back from just where it landed?"

 "First of all, there's no infrastructure in place to launch it back into space from California.  It could've been built, but that would've taken too much time.  There was the possibility that The Phloxans had seen it... that they would come after it, come after us.  
"It's suspected that The Phloxans knew of our existence, even before this incident -- but we've been ignored.  If they didn't see Polyphemus crash to Earth, we had to be able to conceal it from them.  They've presumably watched us launching things into space from a few points on the globe for years and have paid no mind.  If Polyphemus could get off the ground in the same manner as the countless satellites we've put in orbit, they might not think twice about what it was -- until it was too late.  
"Then, of course, there's the whole angle about what to tell the people of Earth...  this secret has been kept from nearly everyone -- there would be questions if something went up from the coast of California.  With the political climate, foreign governments might have assumed it was a missile; that could've been disastrous.  The safest plan all around seemed to be sending it to The Cape."
"But, obviously they do know that it's here... that's what those purple-eyed people are -- Phloxans, right?"  I asked, still not sure whether this guy was crazy or enlightened.
"Yes and no."  He explained.  "Phloxans, in the flesh, don't look like anything that you've ever seen."
"So they've assumed Human form -- like you say some of these Keepers did?"
"No, they can't do that; and all of the intel that is available says there are no Phloxan vessels within light-years of Earth.  These things that are chasing us are Human -- were Human, at least." 
"So this woman -- Misty -- that tried to squeeze my arm off; she was a real person?"
"At some point, yes.  Clearly, The Phloxans have found a way to -- influence these people somehow.  It's not clear how they're doing it. It's something The Keepers have never known them to do before."  
"Why start now, then?  To keep us from getting this thing launched back at them?"
"That's the logical answer, isn't it?"
"Why do they want me to take it to Dallas?"
"There's nothing in Dallas that I can think they would be interested in -- I guess I don't know.  They must have something in mind, though -- they don't often do things without having a solid plan."
"Well, they're pretty damn adamant about it getting there!  What's our plan, then?  What happens when we get to Cape Canaveral?  More importantly, what do I do about my boy?"
"You said they have him already?  Do you know that for sure?"
"I don't know anything for sure -- a friend of mine found my ex and her husband dead, Sammy is missing.  He's just eight, I don't think he's out cruising the town or anything."
"We'll find him."  He said assuredly.  "I'll get some of my people on it right away -- they're the best of the best.  If he can be found, they'll find him.  So far as the plan goes, Tomlinson and DETA have The Cape heavily protected.  When we get there, his men will unload Polyphemus, put it in the cargo hold of one of those redesigned shuttles you've probably been hearing about, and launch it off.  If it gets past the incoming Phloxan ships, The Keepers might still be in the game.  We might just save the day after all."
My head was spinning with everything he had said.  It all seemed so crazy, yet it made perfect sense somehow.  There was certainly no explanation for the purple-eyed folks that was any more believable than what Hughes had spelled out...  
The commitment of a Secret Service agent to get his people on Sammy's trail made me feel much better; but he was still out there somewhere -- alone.  I prayed that he hadn't witnessed what happened to his mom and step-dad... that he had gotten out of the house as soon as he saw one of those Phloxans.  He was a sharp boy; I can't imagine he would've stayed put after a seeing a site like a dude with purple eyes.
I took a second and tried to absorb everything that had happened over the past several days... tried to reconcile it all with this new knowledge.  Everything seemed to fit together when looked at in the light Hughes had shined on the mystery... that made it harder to dispute the words he had spoken.  I wasn't entirely convinced that this intergalactic standoff was anything more than the ramblings of a crazy man, but I was getting much closer to buying it.  
"Wait!"  I objected as a few pieces of the puzzle refused to be squeezed together in my mind.  
I thought back to the conversation I'd had with this Evander Hughes character at the fuel station in Texas -- when he had knocked out the attendant and raided the supplies.  Something about what he had said then just wasn't jiving with what he was telling me now... at first, I couldn't figure out what it was -- then it hit me.
The chip, I thought to myself... he had told me that the chunky coffee I drank when I picked the load up contained a chip -- one that linked me to the thing that was in my trailer.  He told me that it was designed to kill me if I moved more than a half mile away from my load; that if I died, it died...  
Christ, now he was talking about launching this thing into space!
"When do they take this chip out of me?"  I asked eagerly.  "They have to take it out, right?  Before they launch it?"
To my horror, Hughes didn't speak... he didn't look at me, either; he seemed to be avoiding it at all costs.
"Evander --"  I urged, trying to stay calm and warm up to him in the hope of earning some friendly sympathy.  "When do they take the chip out?"
The man sighed heavily; more pronounced now than that which he let loose in doubt before he started telling me this crazy tale.  That wasn't good -- I knew that it couldn't be good.
"They can't take the chip out, Randy."  He suggested softly.  "That would've been the first thing The Phloxans would've tried had they captured you.  That means it had to be impossible to do, otherwise the whole thing would've been useless.  There is no technology that will allow it to be removed -- without killing you in the process.  
"Second of all, there was the possibility that this Tal-Gashot could've gone on a rampage after it was done with The Phloxans; it could've left their world and set out to destroy even more!  The Keepers had to have a way to -- to turn it off.  
"The chip wasn't meant for you -- it was supposed to remain in the hands of The Keepers on Parousia; it's was originally intended to be nothing more than a self destruct button.  Now -- the chip is indelibly linked to your heartbeat; to your brain-waves."
"What happens when they launch it, then?"  I continued.  "A half-mile isn't even enough to get it above the clouds, let alone to some distant planet!  If this thing is supposed to kill me and that creature both when we're separated, we're basically both dead already if they launch it!"
"That would be true -- if you were staying behind, on the ground."
"Are you trying to tell me -- Christ, are you saying that I'm going with it?"
"It's the only way, Randy... it's just what has to happen."
"I'm not going anywhere!"  I insisted.  "It just ain't gonna be, pal!  You and your mad scientist friends had better come up with a better idea than that, because it just isn't gonna happen!  There has to be another way!"
"It's as simple as the facts I've laid out."  He retorted impatiently.  "You move more than a half-mile from it, you die... if you die, it dies... if it dies, The Phloxans extinguish The Keepers, then come back for us."
"If I'm gonna die, I'm gonna do it here -- on Earth!  With my boy, Sammy!  You wanna launch that thing, you launch it -- but Randy Johnston ain't goin' to be with it!  If that means I drop dead right then and there, so be it!"
"You can die here with Sammy if you want, Randy, but it will mean that you're sealing your son's fate just the same as you are your own.  No one will survive if The Phloxans attack our planet... no one."



Chapter 19


"Conrad -- sorry I didn't get a chance to check in with you before I left base."  General Tomlinson explained to The Ambassador via his seldom-used cell phone as he stormed towards another Blackhawk helicopter.  "I think I've found Polyphemus, but I'm at least four hours behind it as it is... couldn't spare the time to have you picked up."
The General was hot on the trail, the over-weight permits unearthed by Sergeant Dickinson having corresponded to just one of the three trailers he suspected could have been loaded with the weapon.  The truck was registered to RJ's Cool Moves Transport; owned and operated by a man named Randy Johnston.  Attempts to reach him by phone were unsuccessful; he was either in an area offering no service, sleeping, or had already been hijacked by The Phloxans.  
All of DETA's resources were now dedicated to the search for the payload; technicians examined real-time satellite images of I-10, agents obtained Johnston's fuel card activity report and contacted stations he'd used, his cell phone records were scrutinized, a BOLO was put out in all jurisdictions through which he would travel, and the photo from his driver's license was faxed to all rest areas and truck stops between California and Florida, listing him as a wanted man.
Unfortunately, none of it paid off quickly.  Precious time ticked by with no further leads as to the whereabouts of the trucker and his cargo.  As evening approached, a call had finally come in from the Louisiana Highway patrol.  According to the officer, who Tomlinson spoke with at length, an unidentified truck matching the description issued in the APB had been involved in the destruction of a scale-house near Baton Rouge.  
The details were sketchy at best, only eye-witness accounts of what transpired available for review.  Tomlinson's advisors suggested that a solo driver couldn't have legally reached Baton Rouge in the time since his load-out, but The General was keenly aware that Mister Johnston might be experiencing run-ins with the Phloxans that prompted him to push the envelope.  With no other likely trails to follow, he set out immediately.  
"It's quite alright."  Butler replied.  "I'm not up for another airborne adventure just yet -- check in with me next year, if we're still around."
"I'm about to board the chopper now, so we'll have to make this quick."  The General noted.  "What did the coroner have to say about our two dead friends?  What's the common bond?"
"Well, they were both killed by bullets through the brain."  The Ambassador quipped.  "Other than that, not a whole lot."
"Nothing at all?  There has to be something that made these people prone to this possession by The Phloxans.  If they could do it to just anybody, I'm sure they would've gotten one of us by now.  Anything at all unique about either of them?"
"There was one thing -- but I'm not sure what to make of it."
"Let's hear it."  Tomlinson replied as a young officer opened the door of the chopper for him to step in.
"Glen Cross had HIV, and the lady driver -- Annette, I guess her name was -- was a survivor of ovarian cancer."
"That doesn't sound like much of a link."
"Not on the surface -- but that's where it gets strange.  Cross was being treated for Kaposi's Sarcoma; a cancerous skin condition associated with AIDS.  Remember that lesion on his arm?  That's what it was... He was taking Paclitaxel to combat the disease -- a drug more commonly known as Taxol.  There were high levels of it in his system, which only makes sense considering it was prescribed to him... what doesn't make sense, though, is that Annette's toxicology report also showed signs of its presence."
Tomlinson was briefly distracted as a man whose uniform identified him as PFC Franklin leapt into the Blackhawk's pilot seat and buckled in.  "Ready when you are, sir."  He said as he flipped his helmet's sun visor down in preparation for the flight.
"One minute, Private."  The General directed.  "Taxol,"  he continued, speaking again to Butler.  "I know of that... I thought it was commonly used in association with Chemotherapy?  If the woman survived Ovarian Cancer, it's likely that she underwent chemo at some point.  She probably took the drug too."
"Right, but she had been in remission for ten years.  The coroner assured me there's no way it would still be in her system naturally."
"So she was drugged?  Is that possible?"
"Well, in theory -- I guess it could be mixed in with food or drinks.  Would taste terrible, though; the target would certainly know something was wrong."
"Is there something about the effect Taxol has on the body that might open the door for The Phloxans?"
"Without knowing how The Phloxans are doing it, there's just no way to say for sure.  It certainly changes the chemistry of the body."
"I guess it's a better lead than nothing at all -- have somebody look into it immediately.  I'm going to fly into Keesler in Mississippi; I'll head West on I-10 and, with any luck, run in to this Randy Johnston.  Are things still secure at The Cape?"
"For the moment -- but reports of purple-eyed people keep coming in from the area.  I don't know how long we'll be able to maintain control over there.  It's bound to get hairy."
"Hopefully - long enough.  I'll give you a call when I'm on the ground.  Keep believing, Ambassador -- we can make this happen."
"I wish I could share your optimism.  Good luck, Rich -- we're all gonna need it."
Tomlinson flipped the phone closed and tucked it into his pants pocket.  Clearing his throat, he buckled himself in and strapped on his own helmet, nodding to the pilot who immediately started the flight rotor spinning.  
The General watched the blades of grass on which the chopper sat as they were assaulted by wind generated by the prop.  They were so helpless against the power of man's amazing technology... for all their struggle to thrive, they were beaten down in the wake of something far greater than themselves which they had no hope of overcoming.  The story would likely be the same for mankind, he thought... the storm was closing in quickly.
Franklin guided the bird in a smooth but hasty ascent, spinning the beast around and tilting forward to the east.  Within seconds, the grass that had caught Tomlinson's attention was no more than an afterthought, left far behind them in the dust.
The General leaned his head back against the rest of his canvas seat, fatigue finally getting the better of him.  He was getting old; he sensed this might be the last hurrah that his body would allow, even if he were to overcome the odds and survive with the rest of man.  If he failed, of course, there would be no tomorrow.  Just as so many had speculated in the past, Rich Tomlinson would go out in a blaze of glory -- either way it went.
He passed in and out of a light sleep, waking every time a bit of turbulence shook the craft.  A particularly nasty bump woke him up for good not long into the flight.  Looking out onto the horizon, he saw a vast stretch of mountains all around them cloaked in rays of twilight.
"Where are we?"  He asked the pilot.
"Just passed over Phoenix."  Franklin responded.
Realizing there was plenty of time left, The General closed his eyes again.  Relaxing was difficult, though, as the moving shadows in the cab made it obvious that the pilot was looking over at him at regular intervals.  
Hero worship, he figured... it wasn't new to him; he had been held in high regard throughout his career.  Like fame to the famous, though, it had grown rather irritating to him.
"Go ahead, Private."  He sighed.  "Ask your questions."
Franklin chuckled, his voice being carried directly into Tomlinson's ears by the communication system built into their helmets.  
"I don't really have any questions, sir."  He said.  "I just wanted to say that it's really a pleasure to meet you."
"You've heard a lot about me, have you?"  The General said with a chuckle of his own.  "Funny how the meaning of the word secret has changed so much over the years.  Someone like you ought not have any idea who an old man like me is."
The pilot seemed a bit offended at the comment, pausing for a moment before he responded.  "I do hold classified-clearance, sir."  He suggested.  "I didn't read about you in the newspaper or anything."
"I should hope not!  In the interest of keeping it that way, I think I'm gonna take a little nap."
"No problem, sir."  The man replied.  "I'll wake you when we're approaching Keesler."
Tomlinson closed his tired eyes again, the gentle side-to-side sway of the bird lulling him to sleep.  At the moment he felt his consciousness slipping away, his mind inexplicably filled with images of his past.  In the space of seconds, he remembered every incident of consequence that he'd experienced throughout his life.  
The visions started with Normandy; blood on the beach and in the water, bodies at his feet.  Then came his indoctrination into DETA... the surprise briefing with Ambassador Butler, looking not a day younger than the man he'd come to know as a close friend.
 The thousands of classified documents, restricted communiqus and static-drowned radio conferences with The Council Of The Keepers.  His climb through the ranks of the secretive operation; culminating in his taking the reins shortly after the debacle in Vietnam.  The first images he'd been shown of the grotesque looking Phloxans... the whispers of Polyphemus and a pending offensive.  
As quickly as it came on, it was over; interrupted by a violent cough sparked by the memory of the exhaust put off by fifty refrigeration units crying at the strain of running full bore in a building barely large enough to contain them all. 
It was a deep, suffocating, chesty hacking that ravaged his throat like a massive swig of coarse damp sand.  He shot erect in his seat immediately, the attack growing more painful with each spasm of his lungs.  The spell was worsened suddenly by a foul stench wafting through the cramped cabin; a smell resembling the stink of rancid meat festering in the hot summer sun.  It was nauseating and vile, turning his empty stomach as though it were a dishrag being wrung out by an overzealous soccer mom.
The pilot took note of The General's plight, reaching for a cup he had stowed in a compartment near his control stick.  "Sip of coffee, sir?"  He suggested, passing the plastic mug to The General.
Desperate for relief, Tomlinson took it and turned it up.  The luke-warm liquid was soothing at first, but that changed quickly when the flavor set in.  It was coffee, but a strange brew the likes of which he'd never tasted.  The roasted aroma and taste were overtaken by an unusual hint of metal, stinging the fillings in his teeth as though he'd just bitten in to a piece of aluminum foil.
"Damn, Private!"  He objected through his continued coughing.  "What kind of shit coffee is this?  This is what they feed you on base?"
"Don't mind the aftertaste, General."  Franklin replied plainly.  "That's just the Taxol -- you get used to it after a few sips."
Tomlinson whipped his head over to look at the man, a smile painted ominously across his shadow-shrouded face.  Through the dark visor over his eyes, a faint glow could be seen;  white with just a touch of violet.
The subsequent dropping of The General's stomach was due, in part, to the fear that overtook him; but primarily the result of the chopper's sudden nose-first descent.  Darkened trees on the mountains below grew larger quickly, until the sounds of the pilot's manic laughter were silenced by a sickening and terminal smash that would turn off the lights on General Richard Tomlinson -- forever. 



Chapter 20


After making a call to his people to set them off on Sammy's trail, Hughes rambled on about The Keepers and The Phloxans for hours without pause.  The most captivating tale he told me was of a council ruling over all the projects The Keepers had undertaken in their quest to topple the would-be kings of the universe.  
According to his account, Humans had been the golden children for quite some time.  After some initial resistance to the technologies we received, someone flipped a switch on our advancement and things took off at a lightning pace.  We sailed through ages that took other creatures thousands of years to navigate in the span on just centuries, compounding our own take on the concepts force-fed to us and expanding research beyond even what The Keepers had intended for us.  
We were rouge scholars, really -- shedding light for ourselves on areas in which only shadows existed to those far more savvy than we were expected to be.  Things like space flight weren't intended for us, yet... but our curiosity couldn't be restrained.  
The Council had worried that our venturing into the beyond would draw the attention of The Phloxans prematurely, but we wouldn't take no for an answer... we were too adventurous; unrestrainable.  Qualities such as those would've been invaluable in the battle to come, but it wasn't to be... The Phloxans pushed the button too early, throwing a massive wrench into the machine that was The Keeper's plan of action.
So here we were, facing down the inevitable end far ahead of schedule.  The Council's garden had grown well, but the sky surrounding the green house was alight with the fires of war.  The saplings within couldn't hope to survive when the serenity of their little world was breached by the coming storm.  
It was all a little much, really... exhausting to process through my simple backwoods mind.  Before picking up this load, the most complex concept I had pondered was what life must've been like for the title character in Skynyrd's Let Us Cry For The Bad Man.  Now, I was at the heart of a conflict born of titans beyond my wildest dreams... at the helm of a great vessel that was sought after by dread-pirates more intently than The Spanish Armada at the height of the Old World's wealth.
We were cruising through Mobile, Alabama when his lecture finally trailed off, leaving our ears open to the baritone siege of Big Red's rumbling engine.  It was after midnight... we hadn't made great time, between accidents and construction in our path.  Each time we slowed or stopped at the behest of traffic, Hughes and I perked up in our seats.  Relief swept over us time after time when we discovered that the delay was due to natural circumstances, as opposed to those manufactured by purple-eyed folks bent on stopping us.
A similar lull in our progress arose when I-10 dropped back down to two lanes just east of the city.  Both of us were tired, perhaps our guards were down just a bit.  Luckily, this wasn't an ambush anymore than the construction worker who had melted his shoe into a fresh asphalt patch back in Mississippi had been.  
As result of our attempts to relax, we nearly jumped through the padded roof of my tractor when my cell phone let out a shrill chime.  It had been putting on a strange light-show since it fried out before.  I figured it was busted, but the fact that a call was coming in now proved that I had been mistaken.
I retrieved it from the cubby in my dash and looked at the display; I didn't recognize the number.  Hughes made it clear that he had no clue either after I showed it to him, but he suggested that I should go ahead and answer.  He asked me to put it on speaker so that he could hear whoever it was.  I did so, pressing the answer button apprehensively.
"Hello?"  I said inquisitively.  
"Randy?  Randy, is it really you?"  The familiar voice of Misses Jan asked as though she wasn't sure.  
"Misses Jan!"  I replied, thrilled to hear her, but unsure about what could possibly be going on.  She had been taken in to police custody when I had last spoken to her; I hadn't expected to talk to her again until this was all over with.  "What's going on, woman, I thought you were in some serious trouble?"
"I was, sugar, I really was.  The cops that arrested me -- they weren't --"  She hesitated.  "They weren't quite right... they locked me in this little room for hours, by myself -- still covered in Tina and Dan's blood!  When someone finally came, he looked like some kind of monster!  He said he was a detective -- but he had these strange eyes!"
"What did he say, Misses Jan?  What did he want?"
"He asked me a bunch of questions about you -- about Sammy.  I think you are the one is big trouble here, Randy -- he didn't seem interested in me or what happened at Tina's house."
"Did it sound like he knew where Sammy was?  Do you think they have him?"
"They did have him!"  She said strangely.  "But I got him out of there!"
"What?"  I exclaimed, endlessly relieved to hear that he was safe -- that he was alive.
"Daddy!"  His little voice called from the background.  He sounded scared... more so than I'd ever heard him.  
When he was six, he had fallen and hit his head on a dresser while I was on the road.  His mother told me he had a serious knot that swelled up and turned blue immediately.  He was horrified then, and I could hear the terror in his tone as my ex was rushing him to the emergency room.  The shaking in his voice now was far more stressed than it had been, even then.
"It's okay, Sammy, you know you're safe with your Auntie Jan!"  She said to comfort him.  
"I want my daddy!"  He continued, sobbing a bit.
"What's going on?"  I asked.  "Did they hurt him?"
"He's just scared, Randy."  She explained.  "He doesn't know what's happening."
"What were they doing to him?  How did you get him out of there?"
"They gave him to me... after I'd answered all of their questions, they said we were free to go."
"And he's okay?  Did he see what happened to his mother and step-dad?"
"Yes!"  Her voice changed, sympathy with his suffering showing through it.  "I told him it wasn't his fault... that it was yours!"
"What?!  Why would you tell him th--"
"It's all your fault, Randy!"  She interrupted.  "None of this would've had to happen if you would've just taken that load to Dallas!"
"Janet, what are you say--"
"And now you're gonna make me hurt my little angel!  I don't want to do it to him, it will break my heart!  But I'll have no choice if you don't turn around, Randy... turn around and take that load to Dallas now, before I have to kill Sammy!"
"Hang up!"  Hughes ordered firmly.  "Hang up, now!"
"Sammy?"  I called out.  "Sammy, are you okay?"
"He's fine, for now!"  Janet barked.  "But I'll do to him what I did to his mother -- what I did to those cops!  I promise, I will."
"What's wrong with your eyes, Auntie Jan?"  My boy asked her.  "Why do they look like that?"
"It's not too late, Randy!"  She advised.  "Turn around -- before I have to do something that you'll regret for the rest of your life!"
Hughes snatched the phone from me, ending the call.
"What the fuck?"  I shouted.  "She's my friend!  She has my son!"
"She's NOT your friend anymore, Randy!"  He barked.  "You heard the boy, she's one of them now!"
"She would never hurt him!"  I insisted.  "She loves him as much as I do!  She's been there with him since he was born!  Why did she say she would hurt him?" 
"That woman is not the person you know!  She'll do whatever it takes to make you do what she wants!"
"Then I have to do what she said!"  I returned.  "I have to turn around -- take this damned thing to Dallas, where they want it!"
"You can't do that!"
"Oh yes I can!  And I will!  If it means my son's life, nothing else matters!  If these Phloxans want this thing, let them have it!  Maybe they'll go take care of The Keepers and just leave us alone!  Maybe the best thing for us to do is to take their side -- hope that we can work something out with them!"
"There's no working something out with these creatures, Randy!  They only understand destruction!  Slaughter!  We can't give in to them!  Polyphemus must get to Cape Canaveral; no matter what the cost!  If we don't stop The Phloxans, they'll destroy everything!"
"Yeah?"  I snapped.  "That sounds like your problem!  They said they'd let me and Sammy live!  That we wouldn't be hurt!  I think I'm ready to take that deal, Mister Hughes!  To hell with the rest of you!  He is the only thing that I'm concerned with!"
"Think about this, Randy!"  He commanded.  "Give it some serious consideration!  You're suggesting making a deal with the devil!  That never turns out well, does it?  Listen... The Phloxans don't do anything without thinking through all of the consequences.  They know that you are linked to the Tal-Gashot... that if they hurt your son, you might be compelled to hurt yourself.  That would spoil everything for them!  They must be considering that angle too!"
"Maybe they don't want that thing!  Maybe they decided that it would be better if it was just off the table all together!  One less thing for them to worry about!"
"They need it, Randy!  There are significant challenges ahead of them, things far more powerful than The Keepers awaiting them at the edges of the universe!  That is just what we need to beat them!  They're looking beyond us!  We're just a speed bump!  That means their guard is down, and we might just be able to sneak in a sucker punch that levels them once and for all!  We must get Polyphemus to the launch pad!  They're bluffing about hurting your boy, and we have to call them on it!"
As hard as it was to hear, I knew he was right.  There was a lot at stake... more than I could imagine.  Maybe this was that moment at which I had to look at the big picture instead of focusing on my little corner of the world.  I wasn't willing to sacrifice the life of my son, even for those of every human being walking the face of the Earth... but maybe there was some way I could preserve all of them.
"I have to stop!"  I said, wrestling the big wheel to cut through the creeping traffic.  
I jumped onto the shoulder and rolled towards an exit nearby... there was a truck stop there; I could use a coffee and a piss break along with the time I needed to think.  There was much to consider before I decided which way Big Red would be headed next...
Once I was parked, I jumped hastily out of the truck.  I took my Marlboro's and lighter so that I could have a smoke break, alone.  My door didn't close entirely when I stormed off towards the station, allowing me to overhear Hughes as he talked to someone on his own cell.
"This is Agent Hughes."  He said somberly.  "We may have a real problem here."



Chapter 21


This particular truck stop was your typical Bumfuck Egypt middle-of-nowhere joint -- not a big name operation like Flying J or Pilot.  That was fine by me; I figured the fewer people I had to deal with, the less likely it was that I would run in to a purple-eyed bandit.
Everyone seemed to freeze when I walked into the small shop... under normal circumstances, it would've qualified as the strangest thing that had ever happened to me.  I might as well have marched in with a shotgun and recited my favorite line from They Live... for the unenlightened among you, that line was I have come here to kick ass and chew bubblegum; and I'm all out of bubblegum.
Come to think of it, Roddy Piper's character in that flick was faced with something a lot like what I was going through; except he needed sunglasses to see the nasty alien folk... they seemed to just come right out at me, no visual aid needed.  
Thinking about what happened to him didn't make me feel any better about things... he basically sacrificed himself to destroy a satellite dish, disrupting the signal that allowed his aliens to go undetected to the general public.  I'll never forget the last shot of that picture... big blonde '80's chick is riding some dude when she looks down to see that he's all blue and ugly -- she looks scared half to death, and dude says What's wrong, baby?  If you haven't seen it, hit it up on Netflix or something... definitely worth the ninety-minute investment.  
Back in my world, though, there I was; standing in the middle of this shop with all kinds of deep south hillbillies staring at me like they'd seen the visage of Jesus Christ himself.  I tried to pay no mind, power walking back to the restroom and taking a load off while I thought about what I was gonna do next.
Afterwards, I grabbed myself a nice big bottle of Gatorade and marched it up to the checkout -- everyone still looking at me like I had the plague.  I looked each of them over, checking to see that their eyes still showed in colors that were natural and otherwise indistinct.  Putting the drink down on the counter, I looked up at the female attendant, wondering if she could pick her jaw off the floor long enough to ring me out.
"Something wrong?"  I asked after a few awkward seconds of us staring blankly at each other.
She didn't speak a word; simply scanned my bottle and put her hand out for payment.  I gave her two bucks (Gatorade clearly isn't made in China) and waited equally as long for my change as I had for a greeting.
When she finally handed me my receipt, I turned to leave -- returning the favor by not saying a damned thing.  That's when I saw it; a flyer posted prominently on the exit door... there was one on the entrance door too, I don't know how I had missed it.
Wanted, it said, For Questioning In Multiple Homicides... Randy Johnston, last seen headed East on I-10 out of Oceanside, California.  Presumed destination: Cape Canaveral, Florida.  If you see this man, please contact General Richard Tomlinson, United States Army.  
There was a phone number, and the ugliest damn picture of myself that I'd ever seen.  It wasn't unfamiliar; it was on my driver's license.  I tried to forget it existed, though, because I looked like David Lee Roth on a bad hair day after diving lessons in The Great Shit Sea.  It was definitely me, though -- that's probably what had these people so spooked.
"Don't worry!"  I said as I peeled the copy off of the exit.  "I'm callin' on myself here in just a minute!"
Tomlinson, I thought... that's the big wig himself!  Hughes could give a hell of a pep talk, but maybe this big-bad General could answer a few questions for me that might make my choice a little easier; like how we could hope to save Sammy from The Phloxans if I decided to press on for Florida.  
There was a payphone just outside the door, so I picked up the receiver and dialed the number listed.  It rang for a good long time -- I nearly hung up.  Eventually, a man answered.
"This is Butler, have you seen Randy Johnston?"  He said rather quickly -- must faster than us southerners are used to.  
"I'll do ya' one better, I am Randy Johnston!"  I replied.
There was a long pause before he continued, apparently I'd caught him off guard.  "Is this a prank call?  Listen, this phone number belongs to the Federal Government, I wouldn't be playing these games if I --"
"This is no game, sir!"  I said firmly.  "I need to talk to General Tomlinson right away, could you get me in touch with him please?"
"General Tomlinson?"  He returned, sounding like I'd just asked for President Kennedy.  "General Tomlinson is dead!  Now who is this?"
I was shaken by this revelation... I didn't even know the man, but I was horrified at the concept that he had been taken out.  He was supposed to be the big cheese... the key to any potential victory.  "Dead?  How?"  
"It's not important."  He cut me off.  "If this is Randy Johnston, could you give me your MC number, please?"
"6324117."  I replied, providing him with the ID issued to my company by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration.
"Your birth date, social security number, and mother's maiden name?"
I answered, only to be barraged with another set of questions about myself that were so obscure I was barely sure I knew the answers myself.  Apparently I got them right, though, because he was eventually satisfied that I was really me.  We went in to a rapid-fire back-and-forth volley of questions and answers, any change in his emotion very difficult to detect throughout the monotone exchange.
"Mister Johnston, what is your exact location?"  He asked matter-of-factly.
"I'm, ummm--"  I began, looking around at the scenery of this little hole in the wall.  "I'm out here... that's about as much as I want to tell you right now."
"What is the state of your cargo, Mister Johnston?"
"Melting!"  I answered.  
"You're joking?"  
"Hell no!  Something happened to my reefer!  I don't know if it just happened, or if those purple-eyed fucks did it!"
"What was the temperature in your box when you last checked?"
"It was in the fifties, I think."
"Has there been any --"  He paused.  "Movement, that you've noticed?"
"Not yet."
"You mentioned people with purple eyes -- have you encountered them?"
"Encountered isn't the right word, sir!"
"Are you injured?"
"No."
"Have they been trying to kill you?"
"Not exactly."
"What does that mean, Mister Johnston?  I need a yes or no answer, please."
"Well -- no, I guess.  They've got my boy, though -- killed his mother and step-father."
"Boys name"
"Sammy Johnston."
"Last known location?"
"Tampa..."
"How do you know they have him?"
"A woman I know called me... said she would hurt him if I didn't do what she wanted me to.  I could hear him in the background."
"I won't lie to you, Randy, your son is in great danger -- and so are you."
"I know!  That's why I called, I was hoping that you could--"
"Listen very closely, Mister Johnston."  He interrupted.  "The plans have changed, The Cape isn't a suitable drop location for your cargo; we've made new arrangements for unloading, at a facility just outside of Dallas."
"What?"
"Wherever you are, whatever you're doing -- for the safety of yourself and your son, I need you to head to Dallas immediately and take your load to the following address; are you ready to write it down?"
"What the fuck is this?"  I cried.  "You're one of them?"
"One of whom, Randy?"
"You're a Phloxan!  A God Damn Phloxan!"
"How do you know that term, Mister Johnston?  Who have you been speaking with?"
"You've done it again!"  I shouted.  "You've gone and pissed me right off!  Agent Hughes told me you were tricky fucks!  I've got a surprise for you, though -- this load ain't goin' to Dallas!"
"Agent who?"
"We're gonna shove this giant right up your ass!  Nobody threatens my son and lives, you filthy creep!"  I slammed the phone back on its hook, hearing the stranger carrying on until the line was cut off.
My decision was made; I was pressing on for Cape Canaveral.  Not because I'd thought it over and considered all of the options; but simply because I hated The Phloxans.  Every interaction I had with them showed them to be the most underhanded, conniving, deceitful and downright evil sons of bitches I had ever come in contact with.  
I was raised on respect and integrity, and these creatures clearly had none of either.  I realized that I just couldn't make a deal with the likes of them, regardless of what was at stake.  They seemed like the types that would shake your hand, then stab you in the back as soon as you turned away.  Randy Johnston doesn't play poker with The Devil; never had before, didn't plan to start now.  
Hughes seemed convinced that they were all powerful and all knowing, yet we were evading them at every turn!  How?  So far as I was concerned, it was the power of Almighty God!  I'm not an overly religious man, but I believe in the name of The Lord, Jesus Christ -- he had seen me through some tough times before, and I was confident at this point that he would get me through this mess that I'd found my way in to.
I said a little prayer as I turned back towards Big Red with conviction in my heart, asking  the good Lord for his guidance and protection in the hours to come.  With General Tomlinson dead and a filthy Phloxan filling the shoes of this Butler that had taken over for him, Evander Hughes and I were the only hope that Mankind had.  All the while, my little boy was being held over the breach by those monsters.  
Damn them, I prayed... damn them for what they are, for what they've done!  God, give me the strength to stand in the face of this evil!  Give my Sammy the courage to face whatever might come with his eyes open wide!  Should he be alive when I reach Cape Canaveral, walk at my side and give me the power to overcome these demons that would seek to harm such an innocent child!
I slammed the door behind me when I climbed back behind the wheel of Big Red.  Hughes was looking over at me ominously in the blue glow of the cab, his brown eyes as determined as mine while he no-doubt wondered what I had decided to do.
"So --"  He began.  "What's it gonna be?  Make sure you've chosen the right side to support, brother."
"We're going to Florida, damn it!"  I announced as I slammed against the grinding gears in preparation to roll.  "Let's get these motherfuckers!"
"Great, Randy!"  He cheered.  "That's exactly what I wanted to hear!"
I pushed in the valves to release the parking brakes and started my old girl rolling.  She moved through the gears like butter, apparently on our side as well in this bold venture.  I turned her hard towards the exit, racing towards destiny and all that awaited on the road beyond.
That's when it happened... there was a deep pothole, obscured in the darkness, just beyond the sloped concrete that led us onto the I-10 service drive.  This was one of those ridiculous rim-bending holes that could just about swallow a small car, if it were to drive in just right.  
Rolling as fast as we were, we got quite a jolt out of it... my seat bounced up and down on its cushion of air violently as I was tossed around like the crew of the USS Enterprise in a brutal battle with their nemesis, Khan.  Everything in my truck that wasn't bolted in place slid and jumped around, making a hell of a racket in the process.  
Hughes wasn't immune to the chaos; his seat was bolted right to the floor, without an air-ride rig, so the shock tossed him into the air for a moment before slamming him back down unceremoniously.  
Just as he landed on his second bounce, a distinct pop sounded out suddenly.  In the midst of the wild ride, I saw a missile erupt from my dash in the corner of my eye... it was little blue Jesus, its fiery blue heart fading to black as it flew towards my passenger seat, just as it had when I ran over The Phloxans at The Booby Trap.  Of course, there hadn't been anyone riding shotgun, the first time... 
  The pop was followed quickly by a whap, as the plastic Messiah struck Hughes right in the face.  I had my foot over the clutch when we hit, the tossing of my body causing me to step on it as I simultaneously pulled the gear shift into neutral while trying to hold on.  I quickly stomped on the brake to keep the weight of the now-inclined load from pushing us right across the road and on to the far shoulder.  I brought the rig to a dead stop so that I could regain control.
When the dust settled, I looked over at Hughes; holding his hand over his left cheek in shock at the assault he had endured.  He lifted his foot high and slammed it down to the floor, crushing Jesus underneath his fancy loafers with a crunch.  
"You okay?"  I asked as he rubbed at his eye.
I noticed there was something on his knee; the left one, closest to me.  It was a small, transparent half-sphere that looked concave and moist... what was it?  By God, it looked -- like a contact lens.
"It didn't have to be this hard, Randy."  He said, still tending to his eye.  "We wouldn't have hurt your son -- not yet, at least!"
Dropping his hand, he looked directly at me -- bringing about the most devastating turn of events that I could've ever imagined... his right eye was still brown; as it had been since we met -- but his left was not... it was purple -- fucking purple!
"That asshole Tomlinson had to get himself involved!"  He barked, his voice taking on an almost demonic tone as spittle flew from his mouth.  "You see what it got him, Randy?  What standing in our way caused to happen to him?  We won't be stopped!"
Then, he swung... the world went black.  He was a powerful man -- put me out like a light.



Chapter 22


The incessant tick-tock of General Tomlinson's treasured nineteenth century cuckoo-clock was deafening amidst the otherwise suffocating silence of his office.  This time, it was Ambassador Butler who found himself subconsciously tapping the weighted end of his friend's sterling silver pen against the mahogany surface of the desk from which his counterpart had served his country -- his world, for the better part of four decades.
A muted buzz sounded out, alerting the heart broken visitor that his leaders were ready to initiate the emergency teleconference he had requested.  He took a deep breath, exhaling with it all of the hopes for success that he had tried to foster since he received the late-night call informing him that Polyphemus had landed well off course.  The fight conceded in his heart, he flipped open the late General's laptop and started the video feed.
"Is it true, Ambassador?"  The leader of The Council Of The Keepers asked immediately.  "Is General Tomlinson deceased?"
"He is."  Butler replied, choking back the tears that his human form subjected him to.
The Council was clearly as devastated as he was, each of them bowing the heads of the golden glowing forms they assumed in mourning.  They held an impromptu moment of silence for their fallen partner, reflecting on the years of impeccable and distinguished service he had given them.  While his life had come and gone in what amounted to the blink of an eye when compared against their own life spans, he had set himself apart in the short time during which he graced the universe with his presence.
"He will be greatly missed."  The Council leader observed.  "Perhaps we can see that his sacrifice will not be in vain?  What is the status of Polyphemus?"
"All but lost."  Butler replied grimly.  "The General --" he paused.  "Rich, had determined which of the trucks contained the payload.  He was en route to intercept it when he was... killed."
"You have not been able to pick up his trail?  The driver remains out of reach?"
"No, I did speak with him -- but after conferring with the rest of Rich's team, it's clear that The Cape is thoroughly compromised.  The Phloxans have assumed complete control of Kennedy Space Center and all of the surrounding infrastructure.  They've already altered the launch trajectory of the shuttle; looks like they plan to send it off towards The Gale Cluster."
"Targeting The Neephis?"
"We believe so... it makes sense, as their world is the most out of the way on the course towards Parousia.  They likely plan to crush Earth themselves, then they'll take out The Knoxians and The Xelliats before they finally come knocking on your doorstep.  Polyphemus will take care of The Neephis for them; they'll likely retrieve it, once they're done with us, and press on to meet this race they speak of in the far reaches of the universe."
"Unbelievable."  Second Councilman commented.  "With one mighty swoop, they'll erase everything that we've done... wipe our influence from the universe like a stain on window glass."
"Yes, that seems to be the goal."  Butler concurred.  "We determined that the only logical course of action was to send Polyphemus to the Comanche Peak nuclear power plant outside of Dallas.  We have -- a project going on there... I'm sure you're aware of it, it was meant as a tool for use against passing Phloxan ships."
"Remnants of Project Excalibur; the nuclear pumped x-ray laser?  I believe you called it the Cobalt Beam for our purposes?"
"That's the one..."
"What application does it have that would be applicable to Polyphemus?"
"The plan was to vaporize the Tal-Gashot... erasing all evidence of its DNA so that The Phloxans couldn't pursue their own research.  Since we can't save ourselves, the least we could do is spare others from the weapon we've born back unto the universe."
"The Phloxans might also decide it not worth their time to go after The Neephis, if Polyphemus was out of the picture.  You could save them, at least..."
"Unfortunately, though, it doesn't appear that we'll be able to make it happen."
"Has the driver been -- compromised, as you say?"
"No, but he's clearly being influenced.  When I told him we needed to change the plan and reroute the load, he reacted negatively.  He said The Phloxans have his son; then he suggested that I was one.  I think they've been playing him against us... my guess, if I know my enemy, is that they've been scaring the life out of him and telling him they wanted the load to be taken elsewhere.  In continuing towards The Cape, he thought he was working against them... little does he know, that's exactly what they want now.  He's been fooled."
"So -- what do we do?"
"If you're asking me, we still have to shift our focus to doing what we can to protect The Neephis now... they're the only ones with any chance at surviving this invasion."
"How can we hope to do that?"  The Council asked.  "If you can't get it to Comanche Peak, what means of destroying Polyphemus is still available?"
"None of destroying it, but we do have a means of rendering it inoperable."  Butler informed them.  "They could still harvest its DNA and do what they will with it, but we can keep this Tal-Gashot out of Phloxan hands."
"How?"
"Tomlinson, in his wisdom, had a device installed in Polyphemus before he shipped it out.  He knew that it might come to this, somehow... the device links the Tal-Gashot to this Randy Johnston; the driver of the truck it's on.  If Johnston dies, Polyphemus will -- self-destruct, essentially."
"Do you know where this Johnston is?"
"No, but I think I can find him -- we know where he's headed, at least... with your permission, I'll set out for The Cape immediately."
"But --"  The leader paused.  "Won't you be coming home?  Don't you want to -- say goodbye?"
"My mission is incomplete, sir... I wish to see my duty through to the end.  If you'll allow it -- of course.  My family will -- understand."
"You're sure that this is what you want to do?"
"Yes, sir... I am."
"Then make it so, Ambassador."  The Council leader concluded.  "Get out in front of this; kill the driver before The Phloxans can get Polyphemus off the planet.  We'll make final preparations here -- ready the people for the coming end."
"Very well, leader."  Butler replied.  "It's been -- a pleasure to work with you, sir."
"And with you... you've served well, Ambassador -- none of us doubt that you've done all that was possible.  Be proud; you are a tribute to our kind."
"I don't feel much like a tribute to our kind.  Still, will you do something for me, leader?"  The Ambassador inquired.
"Of course -- anything... just name it, and it shall be done."
"Can you stop in at my home -- say goodbye to my family for me... tell them that I'm sorry; that I wish I could've been there with them more."
"They know, Ambassador -- your mate has always been a strong woman, and your daughter shares in her fortitude."
"Still -- tell them that I'm sorry I've failed them... I wanted to make it right, I really did.  I gave it everything I had -- but sadly, it wasn't enough.  Tell them that I needed to stay here... that I had to try to make things better, even if only a little bit."
"You have failed no one, Ambassador... I will go to see them immediately, but I want you to contact them yourself as well.  They deserve to hear from you, before it's over."
"I'll call them on the ride, sir... again, thank you for allowing me to be a part of this journey."
"We are in your debt, Ambassador..."
The screen went black, the transmission ended.  Butler wondered if he had lied to The Council... he wasn't sure he had the heart to look into the soul of his daughter knowing that her death was at hand.  
What would he say?  How could he possibly comfort her?  What good would it do to prolong her suffering by forcing her to look upon him at such a distance when he belonged at her side in this dark hour?
Maybe he would call... maybe, he wouldn't be able to bare it... 



Chapter 23


Darkness surrounded me when I came to -- a thick black just as void of light as the state of unconsciousness that I had occupied for God knows how long.  The only reason I was aware that I had awoken at all was the fact that the exposed skin of my arms and neck were freezing cold.  My body was stiff and sluggish, my head pounding with a pulsating pain that was nearly crippling.  
I was laying in something cold and wet; a cushion of frigid pebbles the softened the shock of a recurring bounce that rattled this strange world I found myself in.  Taking a handful of these objects in the dark produced a chill in my palm, then a trickle of liquid running down my wrist.  It was ice... small cubes like you'd get from an automatic maker built into a fridge door.  They were all slimy and wet, obviously well on their way to melting, even without the influence of my body's heat.
Struggling to sit up, I realized that it felt as though I was moving -- that my entire world was in motion.  A few more sharp vertical jolts accompanied by the sounds of rushing air produced by a suspension system at work made it obvious; I was in my trailer -- and we were rolling.  
My eyes started to adjust to the darkness, making the faint silhouette of the walls around me visible.  I was able to follow the contours to what would've been the rear of the box, just a few feet in front of me.  There were two points of light on either side of me there, which represented the drainage holes built into the slotted aluminum floor.
I slid over to one of them and cleared away the ice atop it, then looked down to see concrete flying by underneath.  The pavement was dark as well, morning apparently still a ways off.  It was passing at a good clip; whomever was at the wheel was apparently in quite a hurry.  It must've been Hughes, I assumed -- unless The Phloxans had hijacked another driver from that backwoods stop in Mobile.  
It made me wonder why they hadn't done this in the first place... stuffed me in the back and had someone more committed to their cause piloting the rig.  Obviously, they'd been aware that it might be necessary to do that.  I guess Hughes was serving as a babysitter, there to pull the trigger on Plan B should I figure the whole thing out and decide to act of my own free will; perhaps in a way that was contrary to what they wanted.
Had dashboard Jesus not knocked that contact out of Hughes' eye, I would've been their puppet all the way to the end.  They'd done such a good job of pulling the wool over my eyes, I had no idea what their true objective was; even as I watched the world go by through the drainage hole in my trailer.  
The purple-eyed folks had kept telling me I needed to get to Dallas... Hughes insisted Cape Canaveral was the appropriate destination.  Now that it was clear he was one of them, nothing made any sense.  
Were their go to Dallas demands a red herring all along?  A ploy to keep me from going there when this Butler guy told me it was the new plan?  I guess Butler must've been a good guy after all -- so does that mean The Phloxans really intended for the load to end up in Cape Canaveral the whole time?
Hughes told me that my cargo would be launched from The Cape -- that I would have to ride along with it on the way to destroy The Phloxans... what did he really intend to do with me and my load?  Going to The Cape likely meant he was still looking to launch it somewhere... but where?
Whatever his plan was, I figured I wouldn't much like it... if anything he had told me was true, though, I would have to stay pretty close to this thing in my trailer if I hoped --
Oh God!  The thing in my trailer!  
In all the confusion my headache caused, I hadn't realized that I must be very close to the creature!  Christ, what was it doing?  
Was it awake?  
Did it know that I was with it?  
Hughes had said one of these creatures could stand as tall as sixty feet -- my trailer was just fifty-three long, so this thing must be stuffed in, just inches from me!  Maybe I had been on top of it just moments ago, with only a thin blanket of ice separating me from it!
Overtaken by panic, I shot back against the rear door, trying to tuck into the smallest ball my body could possibly form.  I looked forward, into the pitch-dark expanse of my trailer -- feeling cramped in what should've been wide open space, I wondered what exactly was in there with me.  Wrapping my arms tightly around my chest, I gave myself what I hoped would be a comforting and protective bear hug.
"Please God," I whispered aloud to myself.  "Please let it be asleep!  Don't let it see me here -- don't let it kill me!  Not before I can make sure Sammy is okay!"
In my smothering embrace, I felt something in the breast pocket of my flannel over shirt... it was my lighter and cigarettes.  I never remember to take my lighter with me when I leave my truck -- fate must've intervened when I'd gotten out at that stop to smoke, leading me to tuck it into my pocket for a change with this very moment in mind.
Pulling it out, I wrapped both hands around it and wondered if I dared to light it up.  
What might its light reveal?  
Did I really want to see this -- this thing?  
Would the flame alert it to my presence?  
Would it decide to squish me like a bug under its mammoth foot when I disturbed its rest?
Curiosity got the better of me; I had to know what it looked like.  The lighter had gotten wet when I'd been playing with the ice, so it took nearly a dozen flicks to finally make a spark large enough to ignite.  
Its light enveloped me when it finally took, casting flickering rays around me that danced on the white walls eerily.  Everything I could see was damp; the ice must've been piled clear to the ceiling, before my reefer gave out.  
There was still a good deal of it left; oblong spheres lining the floor and sloping upwards not far from where I sat.  
I held the light-giving flame out in front of me, breathing deeply and cautiously in my anxiety.  I could faintly see the hill of ice cresting towards what would be the middle of my trailer, reaching nearly the top of the box at its apex.  I figured it had to be nine feet high; presumably covering the chest of this Tal-Gashot or whatever it was called.  Watching the mound closely, I realized that it was undulating slowly... rising, then falling... the thing was breathing!
The veil of frozen water was white as a wedding dress, not transparent enough for me to see through to what lie beneath.  Not far from my bent knee was what appeared to be the point at which the ice first rose from the floor.  
This particular mound started near the horizontal center of the trailer and rose out towards either wall, dark forms rising out and growing taller towards the edges.  I extended my foot and brushed the debris aside with the toe of my boot to get a clearer picture.
I guess you could call what I saw a foot -- but it was like nothing I'd ever seen before; except maybe as animations in Jurassic Park or some similar movie featuring representations of prehistoric beasts.  The outer covering -- the flesh, I guess -- was a light-tan scaly surface decorated with calloused looking bumps and ridges.  
Leaning forward, I cleared one of the feet off a little more.  It was huge -- probably a full six feet from the thin base at the middle of the truck to the wide pointed end against the wall.  
It wasn't broken into toes or anything at the tip -- it was just one, giant, solid flat piece that tapered off in a V shape.  The two giant hunks were wedged against one another at their heel, incredible ankles projecting from them and forming massive muscular legs.  The calves were probably ten feet around, rising until they reached what I guess were knees - which nearly touched the roof of the trailer.  
Column-like thighs lowered back to the floor from there, growing as thick as tree trunks towards what I presume was the waist and torso beyond.  
My courage bolstered by curiosity, I touched the skin of the feet... it was rough, cold and hard.  It felt like a man's chin, well after five o'clock shadow had set in, but there was no sign of hair.  If I had to compare the texture to the flesh of a familiar animal, I'd have to go with that of an elephant or rhino.  It wasn't loose or leathery, though -- on the contrary, it was pulled tight like that of a snake.  The physiology below it was very solid; like the shell of skin was filled with neatly stacked and mortared bricks inside.
Driven to see more, I stood and walked towards the ridge that was formed when the heels of the two feet came together.  The rumbling of the floor beneath me made it feel like I was walking in an adult-sized funhouse, which wasn't a very comforting sensation.  
There was a fifteen or twenty foot long chasm beyond the heels, the space between the arched legs.  I stepped over the ridge, slowly creeping forward.  
A sudden shift in our travel direction, probably a sharp curve in the interstate, caused the overheated metal tip of my lighter  to touch my flesh and burn it.  I had to release my hold on the button, extinguishing the flame. 
"Yeow!"  I cried at the pain, shaking my thumb wildly in the once again suffocating darkness.
`As I reeled, I felt and heard a thump that shook the floor beneath me.  It froze me, making the stinging ache of my burn nothing more than an afterthought as a wave of terror swept my body.  I stood perfectly still, fearing that the jarring was the result of the creature's knee striking the wall -- perhaps at its own behest.  If it had decided to come to life now, it couldn't have picked a worse time -- as I was in a precarious position as related to its body.  A thigh-master like flexation would flatten me right there.
Thankfully, everything was still -- save the continued steady bouncing of the trailer moving down the road.  When my lighter had cooled, I flicked it again to illuminate my world once more.  Continuing forward, I reached the spot at which the creature's legs came together.  
I realized then that I was face to face with the area in which this thing's asshole would be, if it were built like us.  This part of its body was encased in some sort of metal; a huge chastity-belt looking shell, rising at least six feet off the floor, likely weighing several tons.  
It almost made me chuckle; I probably would've been underweight had the beast been allowed to ride in the buff... there's no telling what sort of crank lived under those metal drawers, though, if this thing were a male -- probably better to keep it hidden, to spare the dignity of mankind.  I'd hate to think that there was a penis anywhere in the universe that was larger than the entirety of my body -- but this one probably would've been.
This -- bit of armor, I guess -- was nearly as wide as my hundred-and-two inch wagon; meaning the creature's waist was at least twenty-feet around.  To press on any further, I would've had to climb on the beast... I wasn't going to do that.
Holding the lighter out in front of me and standing on my tippie-toes, I was able to see some of the torso.  The skin looked just the same as that on the feet, and it looked as toned as Arnold Schwarzenegger in his heyday.  
There appeared to be a set of metallic strap-like adornments running in an X across its chest, over its shoulders.  The Keepers had the damned thing dressed like Conan The Barbarian... I wondered if that's how it would've looked when it existed on its own accord.
The chest was cramped between the walls, mammoth arm-like appendages squeezed over top of themselves, bent at the elbows like a hair pin.  It looked like they must've used a giant shoe-horn to stuff him in there.  
Being so close, I could see that its ribs were, in fact, expanding and contracting once every ten seconds or so.  Listening intently, I could hear a deep wheezing -- the damned thing was definitely breathing...
Cupping my free hand over my ear, I could also hear a familiar rumble towards the front of the trailer... it was Big Red's engine, roaring away.  I could tell by the tone that we were moving at better than seventy-five miles per hour; too fast, given the weight of this load.  Not only were these Phloxans out to kill my son and all of mankind, they were burning up my god damned engine... 
Having seen as much as I would be able to, I turned to walk towards the back of the trailer.  Suddenly, shadows moved and I heard another thump... Jesus, I think it was this thing's knee slamming into the trailer.  
Perhaps a muscle spasm of some sort?  
Perhaps the first signs of it emerging from its slumber?
Either way -- I didn't want to be cramped in with it, should it decide it wanted out... I had to do something, but what?  
There's no way to open the swing-doors at the back from the inside.  Even if I could, we were tearing down the road... jumping out would likely be fatal, and even if I did survive -- it wouldn't last long.  This chip they said was in me would activate in short order with this creature speeding away from me.
If I could somehow get Big Red to stop -- perhaps I could regain control of her.  
Even then, where would I go?  
Was Dallas the desired destination of the 'good guys'?
What would happen to Sammy if I decided to go there?  
Whatever I did, I needed to get my hands on my son.  I needed to see him, if only to say goodbye.  That meant I would have to continue in to Florida -- to find Misses Jan and take Sammy back.  
But then what? 
Christ, it was so confusing trying to make a plan that sounded half-way reasonable.  
If I was really linked to the thing, I would have to go wherever it went.  I was determined to be sure that space was not the destination.
The first priority was to get this truck back under my own control.  That wasn't going to be easy...
Having reached the rear of the wagon, I noticed a small square of metal mesh in the lower-left area of one of the doors.  
Of course!  The vent!  
There's a little two-foot by one-foot panel within the door of old reefer trailers that can be opened to allow air to flow into the box when necessary.  It's hinged, also opened from the outside -- but its latch isn't nearly as strong as the double-locking main door mechanism.
I dropped down on my backside, pressing my feet flat against the mesh screen with my knees bent like those of the monster riding with me.  Bracing my arms against the floor behind me, I gave the hatch a few mighty kicks.  It took several rounds of effort, but eventually the small door did finally blast open.
Looking through the metal screen, I saw a lone car traveling the road behind us.  It was a blue SUV with headlights blaring at my light-deprived eyes -- they should be able to see that the hatch had come open, I figured.
"Hey!"  I shouted, trying to get the driver's attention.  "Hey, I need help in here!"
It didn't seem to be working; the car stayed right where it was, showing no signs of noticing the flapping vent cover or hearing my desperate cries.  
I sat back again, bracing myself for another barrage of kicks at the mesh.  Putting all of my weight behind the blows, I was able to bust out a portion of the screen.  I kicked a few more times, opening a hole large enough to stick one of my arms out.
"Help!"  I belted out again as I shoved my right arm through the jagged metal to the elbow.  "Please, help me!"
The car fell back a bit at first, then sped back up and drew closer.  
He saw me!  
I waived at him to come even closer, looking out to see the hero that might come to my rescue.  It was an elderly man at the wheel, a similarly aged lady riding shotgun as they studied the scene with their mouths agape.
"Stop this truck!"  I cried, pointing my finger to the side on which I hoped they'd pass.
The man mouthed oh my God and merged to his left, speeding forward to intercept Big Red.  I heard the honking of its horn -- he was trying to get whomever was driving the rig to notice.  
It worked!  -- or so I thought...
Just a few seconds after the car had left my field of vision, I heard a rapid pop -- pop followed by the squealing of tires, then a smash.  The blue vehicle reappeared, scraping against the far wall of the road and slowing greatly as it did.  There were bullet holes in the windshield -- spatters of blood now painting it red.
Shit!  
Another car appeared, a black sedan this time, slowing down beside us and dropping into our lane directly behind the truck.  There were two passengers in this one as well -- their glowing eyes looking even more sinister than usual when married with the evil smiles they wore.
It was pretty clear at this point; I wasn't going to get out of this trailer -- not until it was exactly where The Phloxans wanted it.  
Whatever stand I was going to make, it would have to take place on their terms... the odds seemed to be stacked heavily against overcoming their will.  I would try, though -- with everything that I am.



Chapter 24


"Daddy?"  A small voice asked in a hybrid tone of fear and delight through The Ambassador's laptop.  He cranked the volume up to its max so that he could hear her over the jet engines that carried him towards Florida as the morning sun rose outside of his window.  
The words came to Butler's ears in the form of a rhythmic hums and whines -- the natural tongue of The Keepers.  The sounds comforted him... he hadn't often heard them throughout the past several years.  This was due to the fact that most of his day-to-day activities were handled in the presence of Humans, who generally didn't appreciate being left out of a conversation.  
When he had first met Tomlinson, The General found it endlessly disturbing that he couldn't understand the tones and vibrations that made up the strange language.  As a show of respect, he tried to learn how to mimic the sounds so that he could address The Council properly when the time came to introduce himself for the first time.  
The formal greeting traditionally used contains some of the more difficult sounds for human vocal chords to reproduce - but Tomlinson gave it a hell of a shot.  His attempt was the culmination of nearly a full year's study under the tutoring of The Ambassador, and The Council gave him endless respect for even daring to try.
Just about all of the Council sessions, communiqus and memos were issued in English or the predominant language of the region in which they were issued; so that men would feel included in the dialogue. 
Hearing his daughter beckoning him in this somber time, though, made The Ambassador's heart heavy... she was so sweet and innocent.  It had been thirty of what men called years since he'd seen her; her childhood was slipping away quickly.  As he looked upon the shining golden orb that represented her life force on the display of his laptop, he remembered the day she had been born.  
In those times, men were still riding horses through dusty towns in search of the best moonshine a piece of silver could buy.  He remembered having to hide in a small barn under piles of hay to keep the light from his communication device from tipping off the locals.  They would've strung him up from a tree had they found him there, holding a futuristic video screen showing images of cell mitosis that eventually resulted in the bioluminescence that symbolized the arrival of her soul.
She had grown so much since then -- he was always amazed when he made it home every two decades or so.  Each time, she was more aware; more self-sufficient.  Having advanced now to roughly the stage of a twelve year old human, she really didn't need her daddy much at all... he had spent his useful parenting years speaking to her only by telecom -- and now, he would say goodbye in the same impersonal manner.
"Hi, sweetie!"  He replied, trying to maintain an upbeat tone despite the fact that his heart was breaking for her.  "I heard The Council Leader came to visit you today!"
"He was very nice to me."  She answered.  "He even brought me a sweet treat!"
"Mommy let you eat it right away, I hope?"
"No, she said I had to wait until after dinner!  You would've let me have it, if you were here..."
"Probably, but mommy's right -- don't want to spoil your appetite."
"Are you coming home now, daddy?"  She asked sweetly and hopefully.  "Will you be with us when the bad guys get here?"
"I'm so sorry, honey, I can't."  He said, that terrible human notion called sadness tugging at his heart.  "I still have work to do here -- there are lots of people counting on me."
"Mommy says it's just The Neephis!"  His daughter retorted.  "She says nobody cares about them anyway!"
"That's not true, baby, they care about each other... little Neephis children love their mommies and daddies just the way that you love us -- and the grownups love their children too.  It wouldn't be right for us to discount their bonds simply because they aren't as advanced as we are..."
"But I need you home!"  She wailed.  "I'm scared, daddy!  I don't want to die!"
"I know, baby -- and I'm so sorry!  Daddy tried, he really tried!  I wish more than anything that I could be there with you, but I must do whatever I can to help save all the Neephis children!  You would want someone to try to save you if they could, wouldn't you?"
"I guess..."  She conceded.  "What happens to us, daddy -- when we die?  Do we go somewhere nice like The Councilman said we do?  Somewhere with lots of toys and games to play with?  Where no one wants to hurt us?"
"That's what they say, isn't it?"  He replied.  "If so many people believe it, who am I to argue?"
"But you don't believe it, do you daddy?  I remember you telling me that you didn't... What do you think happens to us?"
"I'm not sure, sweetie...  I hope it's something like that... a place where we can be together.  I've just seen so much fighting for so long -- it's hard for me to look at the universe as anything more than a giant battlefield.  Believing in a place of peace is hard when all you know is conflict.  If there is something after we leave this place, I only hope that everything there is at peace..."
"Like your friend?"
"Exactly like my friend!  He fought so hard to protect the people he cared about -- he deserves peace now, so I hope that he's found it... I hope that we all find it when this is over with."
"Well, you have to believe, Daddy!  If you make a wish and don't believe that it will come true -- then it won't!  That's what you used to tell me, isn't it?"
"Yeah -- yeah, I guess it is!"  He chuckled.
"Then -- will you believe, daddy?  Will you believe in a beautiful place where we will be together after the bad guys come?  Please believe, daddy -- I won't like being there if you don't come too!"
"I will, sweetheart!"  He sobbed now, unable to control himself any longer.
"You have to promise, daddy!"
"I promise!"
"What do you promise?"
"I promise that I believe!  That there is a place like Heaven... that we'll be there, together!"
"Don't stop believing, daddy!  No matter what, okay?  Believe until the end!"
"Okay, baby!  I will!"
The voice of Butler's wife gave him reprieve from his tears, breaking in softly to close out the conversation.  "Okay, dear -- it's time to let daddy go... he has a lot of work to do."
The Ambassador said his goodbyes, presumably for the last time, and told his family again how much he loved them.  Despite the best efforts of his wife in a long talk before his girl was put on the line, he was still convinced that he had failed.  Nothing could convince him otherwise, except perhaps some miracle that was entirely inconceivable at the time.
He wondered how much longer he would have to deal with that feeling; how much longer he would live... the landing strip at The Cape was just a few hours away.



Chapter 25


Morning had broken about an hour before I felt the truck slowing.  It came to a complete stop for a moment, then I was tossed about as it apparently took several tight turns.  
We cruised along for a few more minutes before we stopped again, the cry of air and squeaking metal sounding out as the driver set the parking brakes.
The creature with which I was riding had been stirring a bit more -- its breathing was more rapid, and the spasms that sent its appendages crashing against the walls had increased in frequency.
Big Red's engine sounded angry; it was idling a bit rough as I heard her driver's door slam closed.  I pressed my ear against the drain hole, trying to hear any conversation that might be taking place outside of the truck.
"Hurry, or we'll miss the launch window!"  A muffled voice said.  "What took so damned long, anyway?"
"Your momma wouldn't let me leave!"  I heard Hughes return.  "Just tell The Count that we're here -- then open this door so I can pull inside!"
A heavy rattling accompanied by a low hum started up, sounding like a giant garage door in the process of being lifted mechanically.  Moments later, the truck was moving again.  Judging by what I could see, it was being guided into some building with a painted concrete floor.  The brakes were set again and the rattling started once more, the room growing considerably darker when it stopped.  
"Where is he?"  The distinctly southern voice of Misses Jan asked in a less than warm tone.  It was obvious that it was her; but I'd never heard he speak this way before.  She sounded angry -- in all my life, I'd never known her to get angry.
"In the back."  Hughes returned.  "Damn nightlight he had in there knocked out my contact!"
"It doesn't matter, he would've figured it out sooner or later anyhow.  Get him out of there -- tie his ass up and put him the cockpit.  We need to get the Tal-Gashot into the cargo bay so we can get the crawlers on the way to the pad.  These stone-age transporters only go one mile-per-hour for Thig's sake!  It'll take us almost five hours to get it in position!"
There was rustling, then blinding light filled my little world.  I put my hand over my eyes to shield them from the sudden flash, but my wrist was quickly snatched by one of two purple-eyed thugs who yanked me unceremoniously out of the trailer.  Before I knew what was going on, they had bound my wrists behind my back with duct tape wrapped around several times.  They pulled me up to my feet by the tape, then started wrapping my ankles.
"Misses Jan?"  I shouted to my friend, getting a glance of the woman in her purple-eyed state for the very first time.  Seeing strangers under the control of The Phloxans was one thing; seeing someone who I knew and loved was all together different.
"No!"  She snapped, staring back at me coldly.  "I am Count Zeenadi, human!  You may not address me, however, so please hold still while they tape your mouth!"
At her order, the men did just that -- tightly.  I looked around at my surroundings; a massive warehouse-like space with large pieces of machinery strewn about.  Words painted on the wall identified the place as Vehicle Assembly Building -- a NASA logo and American flag beside it.
Janet marched off towards a rolling staircase and climbed to the top of what appeared to be a space shuttle laid flat on a pair of giant platforms with several sets of tank-like tracks underneath.  This craft didn't look like what I'm used to seeing in televised launches; it looked much more sleek and futuristic -- not to mention massive.  She barked off orders to other possessed individuals, sending them scurrying about the place, tinkering with the craft and various computer terminals.
Hughes was with a group of several of them, examining the creature in the back of my trailer.  Out of the corner of my eye, I saw his gun sticking up out of his belt at the side of his pants.  
Jesus, I thought -- this could be my chance!  
Not thinking far beyond grabbing hold of it, I shuffled backwards, towards him a bit, hoping that he wouldn't notice.  He didn't, and suddenly I found my strapped hands just inches from his piece.
Trying to harness my racing thoughts, I considered my next move carefully... I could grab it, but my aim wouldn't be worth a shit considering I'd have to fire with my wrists taped behind my back.  I couldn't exactly run with it either, since my ankles were bound as well.  
Even if I could get a shot off, what would I target?  There were rockets strapped to the underside of the space craft... rupturing one of them would surely cause an incredible explosion.  Of course, the blast would likely kill me too -- I didn't like that idea.  
There were so many people around -- Hughes wasn't likely the only one of them who was armed, so holding all of them hostage at gun point didn't seem likely either.  
The most promising target seemed to be Janet herself.  Whatever this was working through her, it seemed to be the brains of the operation  If I could somehow shoot her -- if I could take her out, perhaps they would have to take time to regroup... maybe enough to make them miss this launch window they were talking about.  I didn't know what exactly that would mean to anyone, but it seemed that not missing it was important to them.  Even if the act didn't cost them that much, perhaps it would at least give me time to run off and escape.
Either way, it was a chance to do something... certainly better than standing here helplessly until they decided to stuff me in that shuttle and send me off God knows where.  
Making the decision to act made every muscle in my body tighten and shake, like that time I went bungee jumping and stood looking down at a ravine full of sharp rocks and a shallow river below.  Just like I had done then, I said a little prayer and closed my eyes -- then cast fate into the wind and went for it.
Janet was coming down the metal staircase just in front of me when I decided to go; in a perfect position for me to spin to my left and squeeze a round off at her.  
My heart was pounding, my adrenaline pumping.  Opening my hands as wide as I could, I sprung into action.  In one fluid motion, I leaned back just enough to feel the steel of the weapon in my palm, then grabbed hold and yanked as I thrust my shoulders around counter-clockwise to spin my body.
"Hey!"  Hughes shouted, feeling his weapon leaving his side.
Janet looked down at us just as I felt confident I had her in the crosshairs.  I quickly pulled the trigger, the recoil of the weapon casting it out of my loose grasp as my target dropped to her behind on the staircase.  
A deafening pow echoed through the space, bringing everyone's work to a halt as they dropped to the floor and covered their heads.  
The world seemed to be moving in slow motion as I watched the trail of my bullet moving towards the woman -- like it was creating a rip in time and space.  It struck the handrail she had been using and ricocheted off with a ping.
Fuck!  I'd missed!  
As punishment for trying, I caught a swift forearm to the side of my face, which knocked me down to the concrete.  It made me see stars and wonder if Tweety Bird was making a joke atop my head, like he always does to Sylvester.  
"Son of a bitch!"  Hughes shouted, looking down at me with contempt.  "He snatched my gun!"
Janet stood, looking rather miffed, and continued her descent until she was on ground level.  "Not a wise move, Randy!"  She scolded as she approached me.  "I might recommend that you not try anything like that again -- lest I press the button on this little remote in my pocket."  
The woman reached into her jeans and produced a small flat wedge of plastic with one red button at its center.  I had no idea what it was, of course, and the tape over my mouth kept me from asking.
"Do you have any idea what will happen when I press it?"  She asked.
I shook my head as she held it near my face.  In response, she turned and walked towards one of the walls of this place and opened a panel built into it.  Her goons picked me back up and held me tightly where I stood, looking in her direction.  Janet pressed a combination of buttons in sequence, causing a large white screen to lower itself from the ceiling.
"You may or may not be aware, Randy."  She began.  "But this archaic facility that your kind has built is equipped with two active launch pads.  If you'll turn your attention to the screen, I'll show you pad 39-A."
At her command, an image of mostly empty space appeared on the screen.  On the left side was a tall tower of some sort, looking like that thing that you see attached to spacecraft before they lift off.
"It's called a Gantry, Randy."  She said, as though she'd been able to read my mind.  "This is the pad that you will be departing from very soon... this pad is the more important of the two to me -- but let's take a look at 39-B, which will likely seem the most important to you."
She pressed a few more buttons and the display changed, showing another gantry standing tightly against a shuttle that looked a bit more familiar than the thing all these Phloxans were working on next to me.
"That is the space shuttle you call Atlantis."  She explained.  "It's one of the few left that you fools haven't managed to destroy... we'll take care of that, though, if we must.  It's ready for lift-off; except for the fact that it hasn't got anywhere in particular to go.  If I press this magic red button, it will fire the SRB -- the solid rocket booster.  That's the big red torpedo looking thing you see strapped to it, since I'm sure you hadn't figured it out.  Have you ever seen one of your shuttles being launched, Randy?"
I nodded.
"Then you've seen the incredible torrent of flame that a burning SRB puts out... it generates nearly three-million pounds of thrust, and a level of heat you couldn't possibly imagine.  Why does this matter, you ask?"
Another adjustment of the controls changed the view once more, the screen now showing a tight-shot of what looked like the bottom of the rocket -- where the flames shoot out during launch.  The image started to zoom out, revealing more detail and, eventually, the ground below.
"Uh-oh!"  She mocked sarcastically as the display continued to pull back.  
In the space directly below the mouth of this SRB, which she had described so vividly, was a chair.  Seated in it was Sammy, bound and gagged just as I was.  Even at a distance, it was obvious that he was terrified... crying and trying to scream for help as some sort of mist blew around him.
"Smmmy!"  I cried out through the tape, struggling to break away from the men that held me so firmly.
"Such a shame!"  She continued.  "I'd hate to be forced to cook your little boy simply because you couldn't behave yourself!"
"Lttm gmmm!"  I shouted.
"Let him go?"  She repeated, more comprehensibly.  "No, I don't think so... he's going to stay right there until you're well on your way to the stars, my friend!  If you cooperate with us until then, I give you my word we'll kill him quickly and painlessly -- that's a lot more than I can say about what we're going to do to the rest of this planet.  If you fuck with us, though, I'll press this button... my little angel wouldn't enjoy what would happen to him in that case at all, trust me!  So, as I said, I suggest that you learn to play nicely with us -- deal or no deal?"
Tears streaming down my own face, I nodded.  There was nothing that I could do -- no conceivable way to save him.  My fate was as good as sealed... as was Sammy's, it seemed.  These creatures had clearly planned all of this out very well -- no one man was going to stop them... certainly not me.
The goons continued to restrain me as Janet went back to work, several large cranes and other pieces of heavy equipment maneuvering around the place at her direction.  Over the course of an hour or so, they basically cut my trailer apart to reveal the Tal-Gashot within.  It looked taller and wider than I had even imagined when I saw it in the open for the first time... an amazing specimen, really.
It didn't have any sort of hair or fur anywhere on its body; just that rough tan flesh that looked impenetrable, stretched tight over bulging muscles that mirrored those of a human body builder.  
Aside from the chastity-belt looking piece and the huge metallic X across its chest, it wore only some sort of collar around its neck that seemed to crowd its head.
Speaking of its head, the damned thing was hideous... I don't know how to begin to describe the face; it was like some combination of Freddy Krueger and Michael Jackson after all of those botched operations.  It had all of the features you would associate with a person, but the proportions were way off.  Its closed eyes seemed huge, its nose relatively small in comparison to the rest of its head.  
Where you would expect a mouth to be, there was only a strange series of vertical slits in the flesh... I wasn't sure what to make of that.  The jaw was misshapen and almost crooked looking, the cheeks very pronounced and darker than the rest.  
Its brow was covered in deep lines -- almost like scars --  that formed some kind of pattern that looked as though it was there by design instead of pure accident of birth. 
Janet continued to bark her commands as men nudged the beast onto its side with several forklift looking machines, allowing others to lay some sort of net made of giant chains underneath it.  They repeated this on the other side, eventually lifting either end of this chain together with a crane to form a cradle.  
They carefully lifted it off of the deck at that point and swiveled it over to line up with the space between two open doors atop the shuttle.  They lowered it in, then cut it loose from the crane.  The cargo loaded, they sealed the bay doors closed around it -- it was ready to go.
"Now him!"  Janet ordered, the men picking me up by my ankles and wrists like the police do to crack heads on Cops in response.
Others moved the rolling staircase into place near the nose of the craft, allowing the goons to carry me up towards a smaller door built into the side.  There was a heavy leather sack of some sort inside, which they slid my feet into before pulling it up around my neck.  Then came a helmet that joined to it there, making it a bit of a space suit, I guess.  There were no spots for my arms or legs, though -- I was essentially in the form of a giant sack of potatoes.
All suited up, they slammed me down into a chair at the front of the craft.  They strapped me in facing forward, allowing me the privilege of being able to see out of several small tinted windshields.
I watched as a giant bay-door on the wall rolled up, and suddenly I started moving with a gentle jolt.  It was slow going, but eventually the sunlight graced the craft and we were entirely outside.  
No sooner than we had gotten out, the rig stopped again.  My heart did somersaults as I felt the nose of the craft starting to rise -- they were lifting the shuttle to stand vertically.  
I've never been so terrified in all my life as I was when I was looking straight up at the blue sky, probably sitting several hundred feet in the air.  Gravity pulled me hard into the back of the chair into which I was strapped, the sensation entirely uncomfortable and nerve-racking.  I didn't feel any better when our forward progress started again, fluffy clouds and blue the only things I could see as we rolled. 
I don't know how Astronauts do it... panic was all I knew at that point, and the massive bombs strapped to my ass hadn't even started firing yet.  Even in this essentially stationary position, I was as mortified as any roller coaster had ever made me feel.  
I felt like I was on one of those dropping rides -- the kind that pulls you up a tall shaft and holds you high above the ground for what seems like an eternity before finally releasing the car and dropping you like a brick.
What would it feel like when the rockets fired?  The shaking, the roaring of the flame, the incredible g-forces I would likely have to endure. 
God, what horrors awaited me?  
Worse yet -- what was to come after liftoff, if I somehow managed to survive it?



Chapter 26


Butler watched out his window as the flaps on the wings lifted, slowing the small aircraft immediately as it descended towards the landing strip.  
"Oh God!"  He exclaimed, looking at the scene unfolding ahead.  
A towering craft in the distance was inching along its way, drawing slowly closer to its destination.  It was much further along that he had expected it to be -- he would have to act quickly.
"Put it down as close to that shuttle as you can!"  He shouted to the pilot, who nodded in the affirmative.
The man guided the craft with expert precision down onto the crawler way, the tires chirping as they touched down and raced towards the sleeping giant.  Butler had his seatbelt undone and was standing at the door before the plane was anywhere near a complete stop, ready to spring out and do whatever he could to foil the plans of The Phloxans.
The moment their velocity was quelled by the braking system, he leapt out -- finding himself no more than a hundred yards from the giant spacecraft.  Several purple-eyed men riding on the crawler saw him and leveled off firearms in his direction.  One of them scrambled off towards the front end of the vehicle and returned with a woman, her face dropping at the site of him.  She stormed back out of view for a moment, then returned toting a megaphone.
"You're too late, Ambassador!"  She yelled voraciously into it.  "You've failed!"
"I don't think so -- whoever you are!"  He shouted back, stressing his throat so that she might hear.
"Please, Conrad -- you know me!"  She returned.  "I told the human he wasn't to address me, but I'll allow you the honor of calling me Count!"
"My my, The Conquistador of Kahnik himself!  Were you so worried, Zeenadi?"  He shouted again.  "That you had to come yourself?  Tomlinson almost had you beaten -- I've come in his name, to give you one last slap across the face -- for my people!  You shall not have The Tal-Gashot!"
Butler leaned back into the airplane and grabbed a sniper rifle he'd stowed near the door.  As soon as the woman on the crawler saw it, she frantically commanded her men to fire.  
A hail of shots pelted the aircraft, the pilot being struck early and falling prey to the hunters quickly.  Slugs passed through The Ambassador too -- bright flashes of golden light erupting from his body each time he was hit.
"Don't tell me you've forgotten already, Zeenadi?"  He quipped as he raised his own rifle to his shoulder.  "You can't kill me with that!"
"NO!"  Janet howled as her nemesis took aim down the scope -- focusing his cross hairs on the windshield at the top of the shuttlecraft.
He couldn't see through the tinted portholes, so he did his best to judge where the head of Randy Johnston would be inside.  He hoped that his armor-piercing shells would be able to penetrate the high-tech material, but wasn't at all sure they would.  
The rifle kicked powerfully as he fired the first shot, the bullet missing its target and chipping the metal around the edge of the darkened windows.  Adjusting his aim, he fired again -- the slug finding the porthole this time.  
To his dismay, it bounced off the treated glass or plastic just as it had the metal -- doing little or no damage.  He fired again -- and again -- and again, hoping to at least crack the surface with the repetition so that the cabin would decompress once in the vacuum of space.  Johnston being sucked out of the craft would do just as well to kill him as his being shot in the head.  
Before long, though, he was out of ammunition -- the surface still seeming undamaged. 
"Your kind knows nothing but failure, Ambassador!"  Janet gloated with a smile.  "Even in the desperation of looming death, you are useless!  Your people will rue the day that Thig's tinkering led to your creation!  Bow down to your superiors, Butler!  Prepare for the end of --"
Janets tirade was cut short by sudden jolt that shook the crawler.  She nearly lost her balance, shifting her weight backwards to keep from falling off the platform.  
A second violent lurching caused her to fold to her knees, looking up at the source of the noise; the shuttle.  The sounds of a struggle echoed through her still keyed-up megaphone, the vertical space craft rocking with repeating thuds.  
"What's happening?"  She shouted out to those gathered around her.
Many of the men at her side seemed to know exactly what was transpiring.  They cast themselves off of the machine on which they rode, falling a good distance to the concrete below where the bones of the bodies they inhabited snapped and popped on impact.  They knew what was wrong, and so did she...  Polyphemus was awake!
The rocking of the shuttle grew increasingly violent, until it suddenly started to topple like a giant Jenga tower; the massive missiles strapped to its belly riding along with it as it started to fall from the crawler.  
It was an incredible site to behold; it teetered like a steel Sequoia cut down at its base, the moans and creaks of stressed metal tearing at itself and eventually crashing to the ground.  By some miracle, none of the rockets ignited or exploded; though such a catastrophe would've at least served the purpose of destroying the monster thrashing about within the cargo bay.  
The craft landed on its side, the bay doors facing Butler as massive dents formed from within.  The steel expanded around each blow like the aluminum foil at the top of old Redi-Pop trays, until it looked like the metal could take no more.  
Silence fell over the crawler way for a split second; the calm before the storm.  It was ruptured in short order as the giant fist of the Tal-Gashot blasted through the steel like the beak of a chick breaking the shell of its egg.  The monster continued to claw and kick until it had obliterated the majority of the shuttle, opening a space large enough through which to squeeze its massive body.
A growl as loud as thunder sounded out as it rolled onto the concrete, squatting down with its face to the ground as it tried to get its bearings.  Purple-eyed men and women went scurrying away as quickly as their feet would carry them as Polyphemus stood, casting a shadow that consumed even Butler, as far away as he was.
The beast opened its oversized eyes, surveying this strange world with its neon-green gaze as a foreboding pattern of gurgling grunts cast vapors out of its mouth.  The tiny creatures fleeing before it caught its attention, leading it to reach down and scoop one of them up as though it were a caterpillar in the fingers of a curious child.  Everyone froze in place and watched to see what it would do -- what its intentions towards them were.
Holding the man up near its face, it seemed to think for a moment about what it was.  A laser-like beam as green as its eyes surged from the lines in its forehead, scanning the wildly kicking body he held from the feet up; stopping for a few seconds when it reached the head.
What had been an indifferent expression on the monster's face changed abruptly to something much more sinister; a look of loathing and disgust, almost.  It used its free hand to reach up to the collar it wore, twisting it around until a series of lights upon it illuminated.  
The vaporous breath of the creature ceased to flow from its mouth and started coming, instead, out of the metallic ring around its neck.  The gurgling and grunting continued, amplified now so that it was almost deafening.  
As the scanning laser cut out, Polyphemus furled its brow in contempt.  Through the collar came an ominous and booming declaration -- not so much speech as thought projected audibly by the apparatus.  All who beheld it felt a powerful vibration in their chests; the rhythm of their very heartbeats being disturbed and made irregular by the concussion of the sound.
"DIE!"  It said...
Another laser-like beam appeared from the ridges in its forehead, a crimson red this time, and scanned over the man in its clutches from the bottom up.  As quickly as it moved across his body, he was vaporized.  His miserable wail could be heard just as far and wide as the utterance that had come from Polyphemus, incredible suffering and pain evident in its depths.
When he had turned to dust, the monster lowered its hands to its sides and scanned the field in front of it once again.  Focusing on a large pack of bodies, the Tal-Gashot pulled back its shoulders and arced its neck forward, firing the red beam of death at their feet and turning them to clouds of haze instantly.  
People started screaming and running now, one and all racing away in what seemed a futile quest to escape the growing ire of the beast.  Butler wasn't sure whether or not the laser could snuff him out, but he wasn't taking any chances.  In a flash, he transformed into his natural state and rose high into the clouds to observe from above.  
From a safe vantage point, he watched an incredible reign of destruction unfolding.  Polyphemus marched across the landscape, his footfalls thunderous and Earth shaking, clearing the fields of every living thing in sight.  Some it hit with the laser weapon, some it crushed under its feet, some it popped into the slits where its mouth should be and seemed to ingest.
Among those it picked up in its hand was a black man -- Evander Hughes.  He fought right up to the end, firing what amounted to pebbles from his pistol directly into the mouth of the beast.  It was unphased; tossing the man and his gun both directly into its mouth and devouring another bite of humanity.
The human under the influence of Count Zeenadi didn't run, however; she stayed put, instead, on the crawler as the chaos unfurled.  She seemed to be contemplating her next move; calculating carefully.  Something caught her eye, peaking her interest immediately.  It was movement near the shuttlecraft.  Following her lead, Butler examined the wreckage carefully, trying to discern what had broken her intense concentration.

Lowering his essence a bit, he saw what appeared to be a sack -- something inside of it writhing around wildly.  After a fierce bout of kicking and shimmying, the head of a man emerged -- followed by shoulders and a torso.  
The Ambassador recognized the face of this individual as Randy Johnston, the man whose image had been drilled into his mind as the target for the day.  The first thought that occurred to him was to swoop in and kill him; to bring an end to the nightmare he was engrossed in.
Johnston seemed to have an agenda, though; something driving him to fight out of that sack despite the fact that his hands and feet were clearly bound.  Once free of the oppressive bag, the man pushed himself across the concrete with his feet; surely scraping the flesh from his face as he progressed.  
Butler was inspired by Johnston's zeal... the man was clearly convinced that there was something he must do -- at any cost.  Maybe he had an answer -- maybe he knew of some way to end this all without causing any further death.
Believe, The Ambassador thought to himself... believe until the end!
Floating over towards the launch pads, where Johnston was headed, Butler realized what was happening.  He saw a small child strapped to a chair at the mouth of a rocket; the boy screaming and crying in unfathomable terror.  This wasn't some valiant attempt to save the day -- it was the last act of a man condemned to die... a last-ditch effort to save his frightened child and comfort him in the moment of his death.
His own fatherly instincts taking hold of him, he assumed human form again and worked to free the boy from his captivity.  The little one was understandably as frightened by The Ambassador's glowing form as he was by the rampaging giant in the distance, driving him to leap from the chair once the final straps had been undone and race away.  He stopped suddenly, though, realizing that moving forward would bring him closer to the beast.
Butler zoomed over to Johnston and unwound the tape from his wrists and ankles; eager to see the man reunited with his son.  He couldn't save them, but at least he could let them be together for the end... as he would've liked to have been with his own daughter.
No sooner than he was free, Randy jumped to his feet and ran towards his boy.  As he approached him, Sammy held out his arms in anticipation of an embrace.  Just before the two came together, though, the child was suddenly pulled away as though yanked by an invisible rope.
"Come here!"  Janet shouted.
Randy's head snapped around to follow the boy's path through the air, Sammy blasting past him and flying right into the waiting arms of the purple-eyed woman.
She turned the boy away from her, holding him under his armpits and raising him up into the sky.  "Come and get him!"  She shouted, waiving him at backside of the tyrant Polyphemus in the distance.  "You!"  She continued.  "Filthy Tal-Gashot!"
The monster finished its task at hand first, crushing the last of a group of people before turning back towards the crawler.  Obliterated bodies and blood covered every inch of ground in sight as it peered at her; at the child she held between them. 
Nothing more was moving, all of the Phloxan influenced men and women having fallen in the path of the creature.  Only the five of them drew breath... Butler, Janet, Randy, Sammy -- and the destroyer.  
"Here!"  Janet called again, flaunting the crying child as Randy made a sprint towards the crawler.  "Don't forget to kill this one, creature!  Do him NEXT!"
Randy ran faster than The Ambassador had ever seen a man move towards the crawler, but stopped short of the machine.  He bent down to retrieve something from the ground, then held the object up in front of him.  
He had found a pistol dropped by one of Janets guards.  He looked at the Tal-Gashot, standing still amidst the wreckage as Janet waived Sammy at it.
"Sammy!"  He shouted to his son, keeping his eyes on the creature.  "I'm sorry, buddy!"
"Here, beast!"  Janet continued to shout.  "Look HERE!"
"I'm sorry I was never there for you -- sorry that I wasn't there to protect you!"  Randy cried.
"Daddy?"  The boy moaned through a veil of fear and pained grunts.
"I'm sorry that you have to see this, son, but it's what I have to do!"
The beast stayed still, examining the scene with its head cocked to the side in some sort of confusion.  It had witnessed only an exodus of these beings in its way -- why did this one on the machine stand defiant, holding a smaller one?  Why did the other stand with weapon in hand, taking no action at all?
"I love you, buddy!"  Randy said with undeniable sincerity as he turned the barrel of the gun towards himself.  Pressing it against his head, he took a long deep breath like so many before along this journey.  Saying another little prayer, he closed his eyes and prepared himself to go for it once again.
Its curiosity peaked, the Tal-Gashot engaged the green laser once again and scanned over the strange man poised to take his own life.  
It had never seen anything like that before... why would a creature seek to terminate itself?  
What could drive something to those lengths?  
The beam stopped at his head, as it had on the man it held before. The beast's expression changed once more, but it was a markedly different countenance that consumed it this time.  It looked heartbroken... pained...
As Randy's finger tightened around the trigger, the collar worn by Polyphemus flashed with colored lights again.  The green beam flickered a bit as its face tightened in something that resembled a frown.
"Love," said another thunderous roar that oozed from the apparatus with the beast's vaporous breath.  "Family... suffering!"
The laser shifted somehow; changing to an indigo as it enveloped the whole of Randy's body.
"Stop!"  The creature ordered as the firearm in Randy's hand suddenly turned to a molten liquid and dripped through his fingers, burning him.
Though he tried, Randy couldn't move a muscle in the tight grasp of the light.  Polyphemus inexplicably marched towards the man where he stood, still maintaining the beam as he drew closer.  The indigo field grew more intense when it stood directly over top of him.
The Ambassador didn't know what to think when Randy started shrieking in pain... was Polyphemus killing him?  Did it know what that would mean to itself?  
Sammy cried out as well, but in terror, as a geyser of blood suddenly erupted from the back of Johnstons' neck.  The strange light terminated as the man collapsed in a heap on the ground.
"Daddy!"  Sammy howled.
There was silence over the crawlerway again... Was that it, Butler wondered?  Was it over?
Shockingly, Randy started to move... he placed his hand over the massive open wound that had formed under his long hair, then looked up at the creature hovering over him.  
A click click tore his attention away, drawing his eyes to the concrete next to him -- where something that resembled a tiny electrical component had fallen.
"It's the chip!"  Butler exclaimed.  "It's removed the chip!"
The Tal-Gashot turned to look at Janet and Sammy on the crawler, firing up his green laser again and running it across the woman under the influence of Count Zeenadi.  After probing her mind thoroughly, he spoke words for her that weren't nearly so kind.
"Monsters!  Cowards!"
Suddenly, her body was zapped by something; some wave of energy that knocked her flat on her back, causing her to drop Sammy, who quickly scurried away.
A purple mist rose from her chest, seemingly trapped in a flickering field being projected from the forehead of Polyphemus.  The colorful particles bounced around in this little force-field cage, looking desperate to escape.
The Tal-Gashot studied it for a moment before looking up to the heavens, fixing its glare on a small spec high above the clouds.  Raising its palm to the sky, it emitted another beam of some sort that made an incredible buzz.  The dark spot high above grew larger quickly, being pulled down by whatever it was that the beast was doing.  
Butler shielded his eyes from the sun to see what it was -- finding it to be an aero-dynamic looking hunk of metal, massive in scale.  It came tearing towards them, crashing to the ground not far from them with incredible force -- making a crater in the Earth and sending cracks rippling through the concrete.  
"Phloxans!"  Polyphemus bellowed.
Randy sat in shock, losing more blood than he figured was safe, as Sammy cowered at the edge of the platform closest to his father.  It was too high for him to attempt to drop or climb down, so Butler turned back to his gaseous state and floated up to the boy.  He took hold of him and carried him down to Johnston's side as Polyphemus marched off towards the object he'd yanked from space.
The red beam flashed again from the Tal-Gashot and broke the vessel in two.  Disgusting man-sized leach-looking creatures emerged, quickly trying to slither away from the monster they had apparently angered.  Polyphemus made quick work of them, tearing their stomach-turning bodies asunder with his hands and laser beams.  
Once all of them had been dispatched, he pulled another from the wreckage of the ship... this one didn't squirm or try to escape his grasp, hanging there, instead, as though it were already dead.  Polyphemus examined it closely, then looked back at the purple fog still trapped in his magical shell.  
"Zeenadi!"  It said, taking hold of the leach at either end and stretching it until its body tore into pieces.  As slime dripped from its carcass, the trapped colorful haze fading to nothingness as its body died... the conqueror was vanquished.
Sammy squeezed his father tight, the both of them whimpering like frightened puppies as Butler waited for the monster's next move.  The Tal-Gashot looked him over, now -- the green beam pulsating through his golden form.  It seemed to think deeply as it received information... processing the incredible depth of a Keeper's mind in the space of just seconds.  
Whatever it found seemed to move it just as the intensity of Randy's love for his son had.  It killed the beam, looking over the two physical bodies huddled together as well as the glowing orb floating by their side.  Its face contorted more until a stream of fluid leaked from its eye -- it had shed a tear.  
Looking up to the sky again, it seemed to scan the beyond.  Without a further word, it walked towards the bent rubble of what had been the human's space craft.  It exhibited a degree of care and gracefulness that hadn't been present in its previous movements as it scraped some of the metal aside, leaving only the set of three rocket boosters sitting on the ground.  He picked the massive units up like they were popsicle sticks strung together, placing the giant canisters over its back.  Another buzz sounded out, and the rockets seemed to snap to the casing around its waist; some unseen energy holding them in place.
It looked over to the three survivors, still huddled together in uncertainty.  There was a glimmer in the giant's eyes as it beheld them, looking upon them as a proud parent might examine its children.
"Live," it said to them as a torrent of flame spewed from the rocket boosters, smoke engulfing it as it slowly rose into the blue above.
An incredible gale took hold of Sammy and his father, lifting them from the ground as well until Butler surrounded them in his essence.  They sat within his protective aura, watching the creature as smoke trailed off into the sky behind it.
"Where's it going, Daddy?"  Sammy asked.
Randy had no answer -- he was feeling faint, still losing blood.
"To Phlox."  The voice of The Ambassador said into the both of their minds.  "But WE are going to the hospital!  It's over now!"



Chapter 27


I spent two weeks in the hospital... apparently the force of that damned chip being pulled through my body and then torn from my neck had done quite a bit of internal damage.  I was alive, though -- that had to count for something.
The experience of being cooped up in that sterile place wasn't as miserable as you might think; Sammy was at my side day and night.  It was a violation of their communist visiting hours policy, but where else would he go?  Spending twenty-four hours a day together gave us a lot of time to get to know each other... to rebuild a relationship that had crumbled long ago as result of my own neglect.
Misses Jan was there too... as a patient, at first -- she was in a coma for a couple of days, but came out none the worse for wear.  She had no memory of what had happened to her -- her last recollection was of a chemotherapy session, taken early at my behest.  To the bewilderment of the doctors, she showed no signs of cancer any longer. They said it was a miracle...  they didn't know the half of it.
All of that was no less than six months ago... things had changed quite a bit since then.
Not more than a few days after I was released, I got right back to work.  The first order of business was to fix the damage that Hughes had done by pushing Big Red's engine beyond its limits.  When I had the motor taken apart, I found several other small problems with it that I hadn't realized existed before.  Caring for the truck as much as I did, I felt I had to fix them.
Janet did her best to convince me to leave them be... she said that someone would buy the tractor without brand new glow-plugs, belts and alternator cables.  She was right, of course -- she usually was.  Whenever she was away, though, I pulled my beloved girl into the garage and went to work on her.  I had to work quickly, being sure to get her back onto the lawn with the For Sale sign on her before my trusted bookkeeper returned.
It was like I was having an affair, really... ordering parts on credit cards I hadn't told her about, having them shipped to my home address so she would never know they existed, and manufacturing errands for her to run so that I could have some time alone with my baby.  She was on to me, though, and this particular afternoon would be the day that my sneaky-ways were finally uncovered.
"Randy!"  She barked as the chime on the front door announced her arrival.  "God damn it, Randy, have you been tinkering with that truck again?"
"No, Misses Jan!"  I lied.  "Why on Earth would you think that?"
"Because it rained today, you fool!"  The angered woman continued, stepping up face to face with me.  "You tore up half the damn lawn moving it around!"
I smiled... I didn't mean to -- she was obviously pissed, but something about the whole thing just struck me as funny.
"Don't you laugh, Randy!"  She ordered, wagging her finger around in my direction.  "You've got ten trucks in the lot that you ought to be working on instead, there's no reason to go fiddling with that hunk of crap out front!"
"I'm sorry, Misses Jan!"  I said, trying to sound sincere.  "Big Red just holds a special place in my heart, that's all.  She took good care of me for a long time -- I feel like I owe her the same in return!"
"You've got Stockholm Syndrome, Randy -- that truck held you hostage!  All you ever wanted was to get out of that death trap and start your own garage; now you've got it, but you can't pull your head out of your behind and get focused on making it work for you!"
"The shop's doing fine!  What could having a little fun in my down time hurt?"
"You should have fun!"  She replied.  "But not the kind you have under that big red hood!  You should be spending time with Sammy!"
"Oh, he's having fun too!"  I suggested.  "Just look at him over there!"
Right on cue, my boy hopped up from under the hood of a Peterbilt we were changing the oil on.  His little face was covered in grease and grime; I'm not sure how he managed that, but it was awfully cute anyhow.
"Hi Auntie Jan!"  He said with a smile, his teeth blindingly white in comparison to the rest of his blackened body.
"Oh God," she moaned.  "There are two of them!"
The door chime interrupted our little squabble, sending Janet to the front counter to greet a potential customer.  
"Well hello there!"  I heard her voice beaming with glee.  "What brings you out this way?"
"Oh, I was in the neighborhood."  My new friend Ambassador Butler replied.
I was excited to hear his voice again; hadn't seen him since I'd gotten out of the hospital.  Sammy was excited too as we both raced up to meet him.
"Mister Gold!  Mister Gold!"  My boy said glowingly as he attacked the man with a hug.
"Wow, champ!  You're getting big!"  He returned with a smile.  
"Ambassador!"  I addressed him, shaking his extended hand.
"Call my Conrad, please!"
"Are you getting ready to leave?"
"Sure am!"  He answered.  "Everything is pretty well wrapped up here!  We swore in Elaine Dickinson as the new head of DETA this morning -- she'll do a fine job, I'm sure.  With everything quiet out there in the universe, I'm scheduled to take a bit of a -- sabbatical, I guess you'd call it."
"So I take it there's been nothing out of our friends lately?"
"Nothing at all... they apparently abandoned all of the bodies theyd hijacked just after Zeenadi died.  We still dont know how they were doing it -- I guess we never will.  Taxol has be banned, though -- just in case.  Not to worry, though -- I'm sure they've got their hands full -- if any of them are still alive.  I feel kind of bad for them, actually... as much of a menace as they were, no one deserves to face the threat of extinction."
"It's a taste of their own medicine, that's all."  I rationalized.  "They brought it on themselves."
"Yeah, I suppose you're right... Polyphemus found something about them that it felt warranted their extermination.  We knew The Tal-Gashot were creatures who operated on the principles of honor and respect, but none of us ever imagined that the beast would pass its own judgment on the battlefield."
"I'd hate to think what would've happened if it hadn't."
"Me too... in other news, though, The Council asked me to pass along its gratitude to you and your family.  We recognize the hardships you endured, and we hope we've taken a small step towards making it up to you through the small monetary contribution we've made."
"Heh!"  Janet interjected.  "He'll have the entire contribution pissed away soon, if he doesn't get control of himself!"
"Don't mind her!"  I said with a grin.  "I think that Count guy left some traces of himself behind!"
Butler started to chuckle, but cut it short quickly when he caught her irritated glance.  Looking somewhat uncomfortable now, he loosened his collar and swallowed heavily.
"Anyway, I'd better get going... it's my daughter's birthday today, and if I miss it again I think she'll be as angry with me as The Phloxans used to be."
"Goodbye, Conrad -- and thanks again."  
"All the thanks go to you, Mister Johnston -- and to your little boy here!"
"Ah-hem!"  Janet cleared her throat.
"You too, of course, Misses Jan!"
We held him in the shop for a few more minutes, saying goodbye in each of our own ways.  When he left, Sammy and I got back to work on our oil change.  Janet walked off to the office where I heard her opening envelopes.
Shit!  I'd left the invoice for the new grill I ordered for Big Red in there!  Hoping she wouldn't find it, I asked Sammy to pass me a fresh filter.  When he put it in my hand, I very nearly crushed it -- my strength fueled by rushing adrenaline as a sudden shrill scream sent shivers up my spine.
"God damn it, Randy!"
A Note From The Storyteller:


I hope youve enjoyed reading Said To Contain as much as I enjoyed writing it.  It may not be the most polished piece of literature to grace the Earth, but it wasnt composed with a Pulitzer Prize in mind I consider myself a storyteller, not an author I seek to entertain, not to wow you iron-clad prose.  
If Ive been successful in doing so, please recommend my work to your friends and family.  I do not make my living through writing, but any reward for the countless hours spent in front of a glowing computer screen will help float the fledgling boat.  Besides, my efforts will have been in vain if no one ever knows that my work exists.
Please check your preferred e-book retailer for other bits of fiction from me in the days to come.  Also, please take the time to post your comments at Said To Contains Facebook page  you honor me with your attention.
Until next time -- always remember to treat yourself to something.


Become a fan of Brandon Messerschmidt & Said To Contain @ Facebook!
