The Twins Paradox

by
Sco Thorson

* * * * *

Published by ARCHMEDIA LLC at Smashwords

 Copyright 2011 by Arch Media LLC

Smashwords Edition License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

* * * * *

The Twins Paradox

The Bomb, Friday 10:47 a.m.
The bomb exploded at 10:47:21 a.m. Eastern Standard Time.  It was a cold, miserable day, icy rain mixed with snow.  The fireball was visible through the heavy clouds for miles around.  Some thought the sun had come out.  
And then the District of Columbia - what was left of it  burned in the blizzard.  
He was concerned.  Monitoring the news from the United States, it was clear that the Americans had no idea who had blown out the brains of their government.  Any clues as to the source of the bomb where vaporized in the fireball.  But their desire to take their revenge on someone, anyone, was clear even to him.  
He monitored a news transmission from a helicopter flying in to what was left of the city.  He found the heroism of the crew inexplicable.  They would all surely die.  He did not understand what could motivate a person to risk death.
The White House should be here, a crewman shouted above the roar, but the camera showed only blackened ground.  
He watched as the copter moved on to hover over a pile of crumbed masonry, the Capitol.  The first building that he recognized on the screen was the Pentagon, shrouded in smoke and flame. Then the picture circled out from the blast, showing cars flung like embers about burning buildings, charred bodies, and endless desolation.  Fires raged everywhere, illuminating the occasional groups of survivors waving frantically for help. 
He felt no sympathy for the survivors except to note that they would die. He was concerned about his own survival. This would not end well, even for one safely on Grand Cayman, 
Perhaps the helicopter crew went because they had no choice.  It was a military helicopter.  They may have been forced  ordered to go. Perhaps one could risk danger when there was no other choice. He contemplated the idea, and reached a decision.  Carefully he looked at all the possible outcomes, and decided on a plan. There was great risk to him, but greater risk if nothing was done. He composed a message, checked it, and sent it.  75 hours earlier, a phone chirped.

* * * * *

The Good Life, Three Days Earlier, Tuesday 10:58 a.m.
Dave Richards stepped from the elevator into the trading room on the third floor of his villa and flipped a switch.  Immediately, the opaque window walls cleared, revealing the dazzling blue waters of the Caribbean to the west.  He smiled, comparing the idyllic scene out his window with the huge photo of Union Street on the University of Minnesota campus, buried in snow, that he had hanging next to the elevator.  
This is living, he muttered to himself.
He started a jazz play list and sat down to work, studying trading trends that had been crunched by his server farm and placing occasional small trades.  The former PhD candidate wasnt especially good at trading, but that didnt matter.  He just had to trade a little so that his money trades didnt look unusually.  Besides, he enjoyed it, the analysis, the psychology, the gambling.  
After an uneventful hour, he noticed the mystery buyer was back in the US markets.  Someone was betting heavily that they would fall.  The trades appeared unconnected, but his software showed a clear pattern, orders hitting trading systems across the globe at different times from different trading houses, but for the same sizes, and at the same prices.  Whenever prices started to adjust to this new demand, the orders just stopped.  His mystery buyer had been at it for two weeks now, and no one had seemed to notice. 
Still, someone knew something was going to happen.  He was sure of it. The mystery trader was behaving exactly like he did when he know what was going to happen, and needed to hide just how sure he was.
He carefully checked all the trading screens.  There was no news and no rumors, yet.  His phone chimed.  
Dave smiled, knowing the mystery was about to be solved.  He pulled the phone from his pocket, unlocked the display, and read the message.
Blonde at Next Level, red dress, balcony, Monique, great sailor.  Rowdy will pick her up at 10:40 if you dont hurry.
He smiled, the trading mystery forgotten.  Rowdys girls were always a treat.  If he hurried, he could be there at 10:25, plenty of time to strike first.  
He took the elevator to the ground floor and headed for the garage, wondering why Dave 2 had given him so little time.  Perhaps this Monique was so hot that he would have no time over the next three days to send the message. He broke into a trot.
As the garage slide open, another thought struck him. All Dave 2 ever tells me to do is make money and pick up easy women. Why didnt he ever get messages that would stop a school shooting or warn or a tsunami? It was a good question, and deserved serious consideration. He glanced at his watch, 10:10. The blonde in the red dress was waiting. He would think about saving the world after he got the babe.

* * * * *

Buying Sunrise, Tuesday 11:02 a.m.
 And there you are, Max drawled, affecting a Brahmin accent.  He pushed the signed contract and bank draft across the conference room table.  My due diligence team will take possession in two days, and I will transfer the remaining two hundred million when their review is complete.  
He tilted his head back ever so slightly, peering down his nose at the executive and attorneys across the table.  
I trust there will be no delays.
The executive extended a hand and smiled.  Mr. Simon, I can assure you that this will all go off without a hitch.
Please see to it, Max smiled coldly and shook his hand.  
Maxs own attorneys gathered the papers as he strode from the room.  Outside, Jorge opened the rear sedan door.  Max slide into the seat and pulled a phone from his pocket.  His call was answered on the second ring.
Its done.  We get the keys in two days, Max paused to listen.  There will be no issues, he replied curtly, and rang off. 
As the car pulled onto the street, he placed a call. Accelerate the options purchase. Everything must be complete in two days.
He listened impatiently as the broker protested.
Of course I know what Im doing, he snapped.  Place the orders now.
The airport, he instructed the driver.
The driver half turned and asked, "what about the girl?"
Max thought for a moment.
"I think it's time to part company with the lovely Miss Lisle," he decided.  Best not have her around at this stage of the operation.  
He considered a moment further.  Best not to have her around at all he decided, and made another call. 
Its me, he began. I need you to remove a lady friend of mine, today.
He paused, listening as the man made an obscene speculation.
No, shes still attractive and lively, but Im afraid she is also too knowledgably about my recent affairs.
He rolled his eyes to the ceiling as the man continued talking crudely. The worst aspect of this otherwise highly profitable business was working with the very dregs of society.
I dont care what you do with her first. Just make certain she is dead today.
He listened again, impatiently as the man rambled on.
The usual price. Shell be sitting on the balcony of the Next Level. Red dress, Monique, Monique Lisle.
With that, he rang off and turned to the next detail.

* * * * *

Saving Monique Tuesday 11:33 a.m.
Dave spotted her immediately.  Her shoulder length blonde hair was pushed back by a large pair of sunglasses.  She wore a short, strapless red cocktail dress that accentuated every luscious curve.  It was a little over the top, even for Grand Cayman, but she looked like a woman who could fall in love with a bank balance.  He hoped it would be his.  All he needed now was a pickup line.  Right on cue his phone chirped. He pulled it phone from his pocket.
"I've come to get you out of here.  Max has sent someone to kill you," was all it said.
How do I come up with these things?
He swaggered across the balcony to her table, spun a chair around, and sat down leaning forward against the back.
"I've come to get you out of here," he deadpanned, "Max has sent someone to kill you."
To his surprise, the woman sprang her feet, cursing in French.  She grabbed his hand, dragged him into the main dining room, and headed for the front door.  Seeing two men in red shirts, she suddenly reversed directions, ran back across the main dining room, and pushed her way into the kitchen.
"You have a car?"  She demanded.
He grinned, "Just outside."
A waiter moved to intercept them.  Monique's face lit up, her face dazzling.
"My husband," she gasped, tossing a glance over her shoulder.
The waiter smiled sympathetically and stepped aside.  She led Dave out a back door.
"Where's the car?" she asked, serious again.  
Dave grinned, and grasping her hand firmly, let her around the corner to the blue E550 convertible.  She slid into the driver's seat. He shrugged and hurdled the door into the passenger side.
"Keys," she demanded.
He handed her the keys.  Behind them a car backfired.  She started the engine and accelerated into traffic.  He heard another car backfire and then a dull thud.  There was the bullet hole in the windshield.
What the hell, he stammered, turning around.
In the street, a man carefully took aim at them and squeezed off a shot. It whined over his head. He took another long look at the woman. She was gorgeous, but not bullet in the back of the head gorgeous. She must be worth it somehow. The thought excited him.
"Where shall we go?" she asked, zipping around a tourist bus and narrowly avoiding an oncoming truck.
"Head for the Marina on Seven mile Beach," he nodded pointing to the right.
She nodded, accelerated around another line of cars, and running a red light turned left onto Shamrock.  Six white-knuckle minutes later, they pulled into the Cayman Islands Yacht Club.  He waved to Reggie at the gatehouse, and they were in.
"Your name?"  she asked as they walked briskly down the dock.
"Dave," he replied as casually as possible, which was not easy after being shot at.
"Dave," she let it roll off her tongue as her face again lit up with an intense smile, "take me far away from here."
It will be my pleasure, he bowed, and led her to the slip of his Deerfoot 70.
She kissed him.  Its beautiful. Lets go quickly.
He led her on board and started the engine while she undid the lines.  He backed into the channel, and headed for the Harbor opening.
"You look pretty conspicuous in that red dress," he grinned.  
"Why don't you change into something more nautical?  There is probably a swimsuit that will fit you hanging behind the door in the forward cabin," he continued gesturing to the stairs leading to the cabin.
She smiled coyly, and lifted a miniscule yellow bikini bottom from her bag.
"Thank you, but I have my own."
He had just cleared the breakwater when he got a message from the Twins.  
Wear your knife, was all it said.
Perplexed, Dave reached under the seat, removed his sheathed knife, and clipped it to his belt.  She wasn't going to try to kill him too, was she?
She emerged a few moments later, barely clad in the tiny yellow bikini.  He was so disappointed that she was wearing the top, that it took a moment to realize that her hair was now black.  She intuited his disappointment.
"I can't be too conspicuous," she smiled, tilting her head, "yet."
It took him a few more minutes to pick through the parasails, watercraft, and sail boards rioting along the beach. A thousand meters out they put up the mainsail and a Genoa, and did a fast reach away from the island.  Dave 2 had been right; Monique was a good sailor, working the winches like a pro.
When they were far out to sea, Monique tugged the wig from her head, and settled smiling into the rearward facing lounge chair.
"Don't stop there," he deadpanned.
She tilted her head and smiled.  "Perhaps, but first tell me about Dave."
He engaged the autopilot, and sitting beside her in the lounge chair, slipped his arm around her shoulder.
"I'm just your typical millionaire options trader who saves beautiful damsels in his spare time."
It was corny, but she seemed to eat it up, leaning closer.
"Then today is my lucky day," she smiled wickedly.
"As long as it's my lucky day too.
She stood, kissing him lightly.  He slid his hand down her back and under the band of her suit.
"First, we fly to spinnaker," she declared and set off for the bow.
He scrambled to comply, disengaging the autopilot and turning the boat to run with the wind.  Apparently, Monique knew everything about sailing, including the headings most conducive to romance.
He watched in admiration as she clipped a spinnaker bag to the pulpit on the bow of the boat, deftly snapped the spinnaker halyard to the spinnaker and set the port and starboard lines.  She turned and blew him a kiss.  He hauled on the spinnaker halyard, hoisting the chute.  The enormous tricolor spinnaker filled half the sky.  And then it happened.
The spinnaker disconnected from the spinnaker halyard.  The sail spilled forward into the water, pulling the spinnaker pole which caught Monique, knocking her over the rail and down with the sinking sail.  Then there was a thump against the bottom of the hull.  
Terrified, he quickly spun the wheel, turning 180 into the wind, then ran forward and looked over the rail.  The spinnaker extended from the pulpit into the water, drifting in great billows, but there was no sign of Monique.  He dived over the side and searched the bottom of the boat.  The salt water stung his eyes, but he found her, tangled in sail and line, unable to break free.  Dave kicked forward, drew the knife, and slashed through the lines.  After ten eternal seconds, she came free and he pulled her to the surface.
He dragged her to the ladder and into the boat, where he wrapped her in a blanket from the cabin and set her in the lounge chair of the cockpit.  
Wear a knife?
What kind of a warning was that?  Why not check the spinnaker clip or dont hoist the spinnaker.  He was shaking with fury at himself as he furled the sails and started the engine.  He kicked a winch handle overboard and was about to throw his phone after it.  Sometimes he was an idiot.  He checked her pulse.  It was strong.
"Are you okay?" he asked futilely.
She didn't answer.  Glancing at the chair, he saw that she was asleep.  He sighed.  His phone chirped.  He fished it out from under the seat and unlocked the display.
Wash DC destroyed by A bomb Feb 12 10:47 a.m. EST.  TJ missing. D2
"Great," he muttered.
He had always wanted to do something important with Dave 2, but not now.  He glanced at Monique sleeping in the chair, and wondered if he could clean up this new disaster in Washington before she awoke.  If only there was someone he could call.  He looked to the message again.  
TJ, I can call TJ. 

* * * * *

Sounding the Alarm, Tuesday 1:23 p.m.
TJ Jones slipped on a pair of protective goggles and entered the lab.  With her black hair tied in tight bun and white lab coat over pinstripe skirt and cream blouse, she looked efficient.  She walked along the long row of equipment racks that ran the length of the room, listening carefully.  Everything seemed to be in order. She slid behind a terminal facing the racks and checked the throughput.  
The array was cracking codes with amazing speed, faster than any electronic, optical, or quantum computer in the world.  And it had uncovered green ferret. The big shots from headquarters were certain to be impressed at the demonstration tomorrow.  
She switched her attention to the three racks in the corner, ran another diagnostic, and shook her head.  The beryllium atoms still showed no sign of general ordered entanglement.  When she got that working, the new array should be able to break codes a hundred times faster, if she got it working.
The wall phone by the fire extinguisher rang.  She crossed the room and picked up the receiver.
"Dr. Jones."
"TJ," her secretary Alice intoned, "Mr. Richards on line one."
She brought the receiver to her chin, staring at the blinking number on the phone thoughtfully.  She was glad that Dave called, and on her guard.  He had an annoying habit of flitting into her life, creating chaos, and disappearing just as quickly.  But he was fun, about the only break from work TJ ever had.  She pressed the button.  
"Dr. Jones," she said flatly.
"TJ.  How is the world's most beautiful doctor of quantum engineering?"
"Just dealing with unwanted interruptions," she replied, but there was no anger in her voice.
"This isn't an interruption TJ. I'm calling to get you promoted."
"This isn't another sailing invitation, is it?  Because serving on your crew is definitely a demotion," she stated firmly.
"Now that you mention it, sailing again is a good idea.  But I'm calling with a hot tip, one that will make your spy masters clap their gloved hands for joy."
"I don't need another stock tip," she smirked.
"Dr. Jones, this concerns national security."
She laughed involuntarily.
"TJ, I'm serious.  Something big is going to happen in three days.  I know because someone, not someones but someone, is betting heavily that the markets will crash.  I think there's going to be a terrorist attack."
She stared intently at the phone, carefully considering the information.  The source was unreliable, but the information fit.  She would have to report it.
"Dave, I'm a scientist, not a spy.  But I will report this.  If the real spies want to know more, they'll call you."
"This is big, babe.  Have them call soon."  There was a long pause. "Your sailing idea is a good one too.  I'm sure you could use a little more sun, on your thighs, on your stomach, your breasts"
"Dave," she snapped.
"Yes Dr. Jones," he continued with mock humility, "but a little fresh air would certainly improve your temper."  And he hung up.
She sighed heavily and replaced the phone.  She would have to tell Bob.  
Best get it over with.
She found Robert Hudson in his office, talking on the phone, sucking up to some assistant under secretary.  He had short white hair and a thick white mustache.  Talking up the chain of command, he was amiable and polished.  When he talked to his subordinates, well that was a different story.  It was like having Machiavelli for a boss. She had to wait 15 minutes, and by the time he was off the phone she was very annoyed.  All she wanted to do was make a report get back to work.
"Bob, an acquaintance called with information that someone might find interesting."
"Something we could use for code breaking?"  he asked without interest.
"No, something that may be related to Green Ferret."
"Green ferret, you haven't been talking about this have you?"  He leaned forward, concerned.
"I haven't said a word.  He just called out of the blue.  He said that someone was betting heavily that the US markets would fall later this week.  The timing is identical to green ferret."
He shook his head dismissively. The CIA probably put him up to it. Theyre desperate to get access to the array.
Bob leaned back in his chair.  She could almost feel his reptile brain turn over all the different ways he could use this information to his own advantage.  He smiled, and she cringed.
"Tiffany, I want you to learn more about this tip.  Bob leaned forward in his chair.  Green ferret is the most important thing we're working on right now.  Since he's your contact, you should be able to figure out how he got the information."
"But Bob, tomorrow is the demonstration.  I need to be here."
He smirked cruelly, "I guess I'll just have to handle it for you."
She struggled for composure.  The demonstration would give her the recognition she needed to move forward with her work, but it was clear Bob wanted all the glory for himself.
"But I'm a scientist not an agent.  We should let the CIA handled this."
"Tiffany, thats what they want. Here at the NSA, team players wear many hats.  This is your chance to show youre a team player.  Now, I've been a little disappointed in the pace of progress on the array.  Think of this as your chance to redeem yourself.  
He looked at her long and hard, and suddenly she realized what was about to happen.  Now that the array was complete, Bob wanted her out of the way so he could reap the glory and promotions himself.  Without another word, she turned, and walked out of his office.

* * * * *

The Player, Tuesday 1:28 p.m.
Monique listened as Dave ended the call.  She risked opening her eyes for just a second and saw that he was smiling contentedly.  He didnt appear to have staged the call to impress his new girlfriend.  He might actually have connections and influence.  

This one hadn't done so badly on the altruism test either.  She suspected that half the men she had picked up in the past would have let her drown, and cursed her for getting the spinnaker wet.  No, Dave seemed decent, for a man. He was young too; a nice change from lecherous old men.
She heard him cut the engine and set the sails.  The yacht tilted to the side, and she heard the hum of taut, well-set sails.  So he could sail too.  And he hadn't tried to rape her while she feigned unconsciousness.  That was unusual.  He might have enough self-control that she could control him. Now to find out if it really was his boat, and if he actually had money.
She let her eyes flutter open.  He wasn't watching so she closed them, waited, and tried again.  This time he noticed and she gave him a big smile.
"Merci, she smiled appreciatively.
"Im sorry you were hurt. I should have set the spinnaker. We'll just cruise around out here for a few hours until your husband stops looking for you."
She could see from the way his eyes caressed her body that his intentions were less than chivalrous. Her smile returned to her face.  She leaned forward, gave him a platonic peck on the cheek, and curled up in the lounge chair.
"I lied to that waiter.  I have no husband.  It was just the fastest way to get us out the door."
"Then who is Max?"  He asked.
"A very possessive friend."
She looked at him thoughtfully.
"How do you know Max?"
He struggled for an answer.  Then his phone chirped and he looked at it quickly.
"Let's just say I am good at picking up odd bits of useful knowledge.  I hope I was of some service."
She smiled warmly, rose and gave him a passionate kiss over the steering wheel.
"You are very brave."
He lit up, genuinely pleased.  Now to try managing his libido, and find out if he had any money of his own.
"Where are you from?"  He asked conversationally obviously trying to reduce the tension from the accident, and trying a little too hard.  He wanted to get back to the sex.  She would see if she could hold him off until the next day.  If she couldn't, he would probably dump her before he was of any use to her.
"I was a girl in Marseille.  Now I am a citizen of the world."
"How long you been in Grand Cayman," he continued casually.
"I arrived just yesterday."
"And how long will you be staying?"
That was good.  The ones to avoid were only interested in the next 30 minutes.
"I don't know," she feigned a pout, "it depends on whether I meet any interesting people."
She gave him another megawatt smile.  He grinned back like colier, oblivious that the sails were no longer humming.  Perhaps she could manage him.

* * * * *

Unloading the Bomb, Tuesday 4:42 p.m.
The Caribbean sun broiled the Cay, blistered the dock, and shimmered off the ancient freighter. Max frowned with disapproval, sweltering in a blazer and Harvard tie. The tropics were so unaccommodating of civilized dress.
He watched the men working languidly in the heat. Amateur terrorists would have unloaded at night.  But working at night was a red flag that you are doing something illicit.  And at night, work lights would have highlighted the dock, while the dark hid any observers.
Listo, Jefe, the Jorge called.
Max walked up the gangplank to the deck of the small freighter.  He peered in the open hatch.  The hold was full of crates identical to the five resting in a neat row along the dock.  All were filled with cheap women's lingerie, except for the one now secured to the sling of the crane below.  It held something special.
He descended the ladder and circled the crate, carefully inspecting every cable, bolt, and strap.  Everything came down to good business practices, and this was one of them - take care of the important details.  That was why he was handling this job, and not his clients.
The thought of his clients made him shudder.  They were such barbarians.  No, they were fanatics, and fanatics were simply incapable of making rational decisions.  Like the women's lingerie.
The clients never would have used women's lingerie to hide the cargo.  They would have used something serious, noble.  But if the freighter had been inspected, the lingerie would've distracted the inspectors, increasing the odds that the cargo would pass unnoticed.
He climbed the ladder and signaled to the foreman.  The foreman nodded and issued a stream of orders.  The new diesel engine of the crane roared to life, and the crate rose slowly out of the hold.  The operator swung the crate slowly over the dock until it was precisely above the flatbed truck.  Jorge looked at him, and he nodded his approval.  Slowly the crate settled onto the bed of the truck.  Max descended the gangplank.
No, the clients had no head for business, but that was good for Max.  They were about to make him a fabulously rich man.  The crew removed the cables and slings from the crate then strapped it to the bed of truck. He climbed into the truck beside the driver.  The captain of the freighter climbed in beside him.
"Vamos, he said thickly.  
The truck full slowly down the dock, a half dozen men with machine guns walking on either side.
His technicians should have the bomb ready to go by nightfall, hours ahead of schedule.  It was important to be on time; he intended to earn more than the client's paltry fee.  The key to making money on this job was knowing what was going to happen when.

He had been betting heavily that the US markets would fall precipitously on Friday afternoon.  So he had to deliver the package Friday morning or he would be ruined.
He smiled to himself.  Sometimes the risks were good business.
The truck arrived at the warehouse.  He followed the freighter captain out the door.  He picked up a radio and pressed the transmit button.
"Bueno.
He pulled a pistol from a holster beneath his jacket and shot the captain in the back of the head.  The report has answered with more gunfire erupting from the dock.  30 seconds later, all is quiet.  The crew of the freighter didn't have a chance, just like poor saps attaching the bomb to the hangar crane wouldn't have a chance in three days. He briefly considered selling the freighter and the remaining cargo, but decided against it.  
Best not to take chances over trifles.

* * * * *

Planting Clues, Tuesday 5:07 p.m.
Dave set down his workstation.  He wondered briefly if what he was about to do was illegal, but quickly pushed the thought out of his mind.  Everything he'd been doing was probably illegal.  Sending a deceptive email was the least of his worries.
He checked his phone, hoping that Dave 2 had already done the work, but there was no message.  Disappointed, activated the security system and typed in the password.  A matrix of video feeds filled the screen.  He selected the cameras in Moniques suite, found her in the shower, and studied her appreciatively.
Without looking away from the video screen, he opened a text editor and fingers poised above the keyboard, considered what he should write.  The email would have to sound cryptic, because his imagined recipients would already know of the bomb and plot.  He couldn't just say "Guess what? We are bombing Washington on Friday."
 He would have to hint at a nuclear weapon without saying it.  Perhaps he could describe a blast radius.  He opened a browser and typed in a quick search, "atomic bomb blast radius."  He found plenty of historical data, but no number jumped out at him.  Finally he found something on the Homeland Security News website.  A one megaton surface blast would deliver a lethal dose of radiation for a distance of 90 miles, and cause extensive internal damage for 160 miles.
He checked the monitor again.  Monique was wrapped in a towel, carefully applying makeup in front of the vanity.
I'm just too patriotic, he thought to himself.  I should have started the email after she dressed.
He closed securities display and wrote quickly in bad English.  He briefly considered translating it into Korean or Farsi, but decided against it.  He still didn't know who was behind the bombing, and until he did it was best that he not implicate the wrong party.
He spent a few more minutes finding the server aliases and a few embassies that his imagined terrorists would want to warn about the upcoming blast.  Then he encrypted message and sent it through an anonymous transmitter to a fictitious account at each server.
He smiled smugly.  Within hours the massive American security apparatus would be looking for the bomber.  They would probably succeed too.  They had better, because he had a hot one in the guest room and no more time for saving the world.

* * * * *

Unintended Consequences, Tuesday 11:42 p.m.
Monique threaded her way around the edge of the dance floor to the table where Dave sat with his friend Rowdy and the skank he had picked up from a cruise ship.  So far she had been able to satisfy herself that Dave didn't have a steady girlfriend, didn't have a wife, wasn't broke, and didn't have a rich daddy.
At the table, Rowdy glanced her way and gave her a leering appraisal.  She also knew that Dave had no interesting friends.  Rowdy was a real creep.
She set the drinks on the table, gave Dave a longer than necessary kiss, and slid into a seat beside him.
His phone chirped.  He picked it up and glanced at the screen.  She leaned in as if to snuggle closer and read the message.
"And get boulder."
It was a strange message.  She wondered if it was a code.
Rowdy turned to his skank.  "After all that sailing, it's time to go behind a rock."
Dave turned to Monique.  "And get boulder," he grinned.
Across the table, Rowdys skank convulsed with laughter.  Rowdy looked livid.  Dave's phone chirped again.  This time he took a call.
"Hello, David L. Richards."
She could hear a woman's voice, talking very excitedly.
"Hi TJ, you dont need to thank, he began, but was cut off by more loud excited shouting.
"TJ," he said quietly, and turning away.  "Now isn't a really good time."
He glanced at her.  She gave him an encouraging smile.  This may be the competition.  If so, voila, competition over.
He straightened, turned back toward her, and in a firm voice declared, "If it's a matter of national security, of course I'll be there."
Her eyes twitched in amusement.  No one had ever invoked national security to run home to his jealous girlfriend before.  Mentally she gave him a ten for originality and a one for guts.
"Monique," he began, setting down the phone, "I have some urgent business to attend to."
"I'll go too," she smiled.
"No," he began, but then he looked across the table at Rowdy, ready to move in.  He smiled reluctantly.  "Of course, I wouldn't have it any other way."

* * * * *

The FBI, Wednesday 12:05 a.m.
TJ stood fuming in the middle of a short drive leading to the gate of Dave's villa.  Two FBI agents stood next to the car a few paces, away talking in low tones and doing their best to avoid her.  She tried to decide who she wanted to kill first, Dave, or her idiot boss.  
A small car roared down the street, turned rapidly into the drive, and screeched to a halt.  She dove out of the way into some low shrubs.  She struggled to her feet, swearing loudly.
"Dave, I decided, I'm going to kill you first, she muttered staggering to her feet.
Dsol, Madame, a sultry woman's voice began.  The voice belonged to the driver.
"TJ, are you okay?"  Dave ran around the rear of the car.
She pulled herself out of the shrubs, brushed off her jacket, and turned to face him.
"Shut up and listen Dave.  You have caused me a world of trouble, and you are going to cooperate or I will break every bone in your drop-out body.  Is this sinking in?
Of course, T he began.
"Then get this gate open, this car out of my way, and start explaining."
He turned to the car, reached across the woman, and after glancing at her cleavage pressed a button.  The gate began clanking open.  Then he said something very quietly to the women.  She nodded, started the car, and drove through the gate.
TJ took a deep breath and counted to ten.  Dave, This is agent Henderson, and agent Choi. I'm sure you won't mind if they help me learn more about what you found."
She leaned in close and whispered, "And if you don't come up with something really good, really fast, I'm going to break every bone in your body."
You look good, TJ, he replied, hugging her tightly.  Ive missed you.

* * * * *

Forced Labor, Wednesday 12:15 a.m.
"There it is," Dave gestured at the large monitor.
TJ and the two FBI agents leaned in closer to the large monitor of the workstation.
The trade signature is widely distributed geographically, widely distributed among brokerages.  But everything else is identical."
TJ looked back, skeptical.  "How can you be sure that this isn't a lot of different people with the same idea?"
"Because the source of the trades, our Mr. X, is betting on an extremely low close for the Standard & Poor's 500 index this Friday, but the pattern has been consistent for weeks.  Normally there arent enough sellers at that price point, so he started early creating the demand.  He has bet close to $50 million that something very, very bad is going to happen, although nothing in the last few weeks supports such a move."
TJ looked thoughtful.  "And this something has to happen by Friday?"
He nodded, "Or Mr. X loses everything."
TJ stood up abruptly.  "I'll need a file with all the raw data, plus a summary," she directed.
He gave her a mock salute.
Then her eyes narrowed.  "Is all of the data of public information?  It would be a shame if Mr. Choi had to arrest you for hacking into the exchanges?"
He threw up his hands, palms forward.  "You and your friends can check if you want."
He brought up the raw data for the agents. After a minute of scrutiny, Henderson turned to TJ, "The data looks publicly available. Then looking meaningfully at Dave, he added, But we will check it at the office."
Monique stepped behind him, holding him possessively about to waist.
"Would Madame like me to call a cab?"  Monique asked sweetly from over his shoulder.
TJ glared back at both of them.  "No, I'm not done with Mr. Richards just yet."  
Then turning to the FBI agents she continued, "Ill remain here until he gives us get all the information we need.  You don't need to stay, but I will send you a copy of all the files."
The agents nodded, grateful to be spared another all-nighter.
"I'll show these gentlemen out, Monique beamed.  And grabbing their arms, she escorted them to the elevator.
As the elevator doors slid shut, TJ turned to face him, folding her arms.  "Who's the bimbo, Dave?" 
"One of my sailing crew," he lied casually.  We have another opening if you can tear yourself away from your duties in Washington."
"Spare me the stories, Dave.  Just get the data."
He sat down at the workstation, inserted a new flash drive, and began copying files.  "If I had more time than I could probably even find out who Mr. X. is," he added gallantly.
TJ put an arm on his shoulder.  "Dave," she began warmly, "if you can do that, you will save yourself from a world of trouble."
"And you'll be grateful?"  He asked.
"Youll live to see the morning," she replied sweetly. I created a quantum decryption array. Its stable. It doesnt just perform a few operations and then break down.  It works around the clock. I can break and read 256-bit encrypted documents as fast as they come in.
He smiled, remembering that all the communications with Dave 2 were 256-bit encrypted.
I should get a Noble, but my boss is using your stupid tip to get me out of the office so he can steal my glory. 
He had known TJ since graduate school. He hadnt seen her this dangerous since he had corrected her misconception about their engagement.
"Ill do everything I can," he began, but ...
"Dave, she leaned over and whispered in his ear, Remember when you broke off our engagement? 
Alleged engagement, he winced, but I do remember. 
She straightened, took four steps toward the elevator, and turned. If you don't help me find our Mr. X, I'll render you physically incapable of fooling around with your bimbo."
TJ, you know Id do anything for you, he lied, remembering the pain that the very sharp knee of this 120 lb woman could inflict.  "Tell me what you know about the bomber.  That will make it easier for me to find something."
She cocked her head to one side, considering.  Finally, she drew a sharp breath and began.
"This isn't some terrorist bombing.  This is economic sabotage.  I can't tell you anymore than that, but there is no bomb."
"TJ, it's me.  I need to know what you know if you're going to find this guy."
"You know what I know," she frowned, "Most of it anyway.  All that you're going to learn from me."
He studied her carefully.  She wasn't lying.  Somehow his carefully crafted warning about the destruction of Washington hadn't gotten through.
Good. Ill need a spare room, not yours, where I can make some calls while you work, she continued, still dangerous.
Second floor, first room on the right.
You know how I hate cameras, she smiled.
He considered that. Better make that the last door on the left.
After she had left, he walked to the couch and lay down. Saving the world suddenly seemed impossible without telling TJ and the government about Dave 2 and the Twins. Then they would take the Twins, along with the easy money and easy women, away. They might throw him in jail too. Knowing the future could be considered insider trading, or something felonious.
He struggled to his feet and crossed the room to the large windows. A party boat cruised slowly by a half mile out, full of revelers without a care in the world. All he had ever wanted from the Twins was no troubles. Now he had them in spades.
Hey. He addressed his reflection in the window, tell me how to solve this. I have a really hot babe to get back to.
He waited expectantly, then continued. At least tell me if I dont figure it out and Washington goes boom so I can make a little money and get on with life.
His phone chirped. A message through the Twins.
Bend the future enough that I can find an answer.
He felt foolish talking to his future self, but responded anyway.
And how do I do that?
The phone chirped again. Hack the Global exchange for the account number.
Dave 2 was talking with him. This was amazing. He wondered if he should be noting the times of these responses so he could reconstruct the conversation in the future.
Ok, Dave 2, he smirked, How do I hack the Global Exchange?
The phone chirped again. FTP to administration.globalx.com, ID: jkesler, Password: e92vC8yTgRsDb45
He stared at the phone. But how do I know this?
He waited, but received no reply, so he got to work.

* * * * *

New Threat, Wednesday 2:27 a.m.
Mitch Emerson shoved the last slice of pizza into his mouth and wiped the grease from his hands on his blue Marlins tank top.  He typed a quick command, installing the listener, then watched the security monitor in the corner of the screen.  Nothing happened.
"Wahoo," he shouted, and then belched.
The new Global Stock exchange had some of the best security in the business.  He should know; he had designed much of it personally.  But even the best security couldn't keep out a hacker who knows the back doors.
He quickly typed another command and activated the listener.  It would record everything communicated over a few key ports.  With the information, within a few weeks he would be intercepting and manipulating enough trades to earn a cool $5 million.  Then he would erase his tracks and disappear into the south seas.
He grimaced.  He would disappear, after making a sizable payment on his Las Vegas condo development.  What had seemed like a good way to launder money had turned into a black hole that was quickly vacuuming up all of his cash.
The listener showed activity.  A process was being authenticated through the firewall and the data started to flow.
"Son of a bitch," he muttered.
The process had gained access to the main transaction database and was copying the entire contents to the outside.  The data was going out unencrypted, so the process must be a hack.  Someone was beating him to the punch.
He copied an address from the listener, opened a tracking module, and pasted the address in.  Five heartbeats later he discovered that the data was being routed through a server in Cyprus.  Forty-five minutes later, he had traced the hacker to the Grand Cayman.
He swiveled in his chair and opened the refrigerator positioned directly behind his workstation.  He belched again, and withdrew a platter of ready-to-heat nachos.  Then spinning another 90 in his chair, he popped the nachos into a microwave oven, set the timer, and leaned back to think.
Someone was already weeks ahead of him.  They would pull some scam on Global, and then he would never get in.
He twisted the bill of his Marlins baseball cap to the back of his head, then slumped forward to watch the cheese bubble as a microwave oven finished warming the nachos.
Since he wasn't going to be the one to rip off Global, and he had 10 days to pay the bank or lose all his equity in the condos, there was only one thing to do.  He would find the hacker, and steal from him.
The microwave chimed.  He opened the door, removed the nachos, and tossed to chip into his mouth.
Ripping off the hacker could get violent.  He grinned. This was going to be fun.  It took another hour to find out who if would be fun for. .
"David Richards," he read.  The name was familiar, but he couldn't place it.  Dave owned a nice house, and a boat.  He seemed to have plenty of money, but why was the name familiar?  Ten minutes later he found the connection.
Garg's student.
Suddenly it all made sense.  Two years earlier he had hacked into the servers at the University of Minnesota and learned that a Dr. Garg was closer than anyone had imagined to building an operational quantum computer.  He visited the good doctor, and his wife, and encouraged him to divulge the technology.
He shook his head.  Garg had been a stubborn, frustrating man; it was unfortunate what had happened.  But it looked like he was going to get a second chance.  This Dave Richards had obviously walked away with Garg's technology after the professor's untimely death.  He smiled, and promised himself that he would not lose his temper with Mr. Richards until after he had the goods.

* * * * *

Deception, Wednesday, 7:32 a.m.
Monique climbed from the pool and toweled off, bending artfully to show off plenty of cleavage and ass. The mark wasnt around, but she was a firm believer in always staying in character. She slipped on the large robe and settled herself at the table.  A woman emerged from the house bearing silver server.
"Here you are maam," the woman smiled, and setting the server in front of Monique, lifted the lid.
"Merci, Mademoiselle Trickett, she beamed, inhaling the aroma of fresh tartines and pain au chocolat.  "Will Mr. Richards come soon?"
"That's hard to say, ma'am," Mrs. Trickett responded flatly.  "When he works all night, he often doesnt come down until noon."
"Poor man," she sighed.
Enjoy your breakfast maam, Mrs. Trickett responded, and turning, returned to the house. 
Monique took a small bite of the pain au chocolat.  She decided that she would like living here.
The American woman emerged from the house walking quickly, and looked at her suspiciously. She was still wearing her suit.  Monique studied her carefully. She had a nice figure and wholesome face, but looked pushy and demanding. A powerful man would be repelled by her.
"Ah TJ, come sit," she smiled.
"I'm looking for Dave, have you seen him?"  
Monique smiled wickedly.  "Oh yes."  
She paused for effect.  "Monsieur Dave had a late night. Who can say when he will recover."
TJ glared at her.  "He was working on a very important project.  Do you know if he finished?"
Monique smiled coyly, "I don't know, but if you have questions, I can have him call."
The American glowered, grinding her teeth.
"Perhaps Madame would like some Le petit djeuner?  I'll have Mrs. Trickett brings some.  I'm sure you like it.  She is such a good cook, and she cooks French."
The American opened her mouth, then thought better of whatever she was going to say and slumped into a chair.  Mrs. Trickett emerged from the kitchen.
"Ma'am, would you care for some breakfast?"
TJ smiled weakly.  "Yes please.  Anything but what she's having."
Monique smiled, crinkling her nose.  Disposing of this one would be fun.
She daintily sampled each of the delicacies that Mrs. Trickett had brought while the American fumed, drumming her fingers on the table.
"So, you and Dave are friends," she asked sweetly.
TJ pursed her lips "Yes. Good friends, from graduate school."
Monique nodded knowingly, and continued with her breakfast.
"And you are on David's crew?"  TJ asked.
"Crew," Monique responded innocently, then after a moment's hesitation she continued, "Ah yes, the boat.  Yes, I am often on the boat."
Monique smiled again, certain that the American was fuming.
The door banged open, and Dave stumbled from the house, still dressed in his clubbing clothes from the night before.
"Good morning ladies," he declared with feigned cheerfulness.
Bonjur, Dave," Monique beamed, rising from her chair to give Dave a gentle kiss.  "Ill have Mrs. Trickett bring you some coffee."
Then Monique glided into the house, leaving TJ to explode.  In the kitchen, she secured a pot of fresh coffee, a cup, and another plate of tartines and pain au chocolat.  Then she waited by the door.
"I dont care if youre sleeping with her, just tell me if you have the information, she heard TJ shout.  That was her cue.  She emerged from the house to find TJ standing, hands flat on the table, glaring at Dave.
Voila Monique declared, setting the plate before Dave, filling the coffee cup, and placing the cup in Dave's outstretched hand.
Dave sipped the coffee and smiled, gratefully.
Monique watched TJ and Dave bicker with quiet amusement.  The American woman clearly didn't know what men were good for.  Her phone buzzed.  She withdrew it from her handbag beneath the table.  It was a text message.
"Will pay $100,000 if you get TJ the information.  Will transfer $50,000 now as earnest money.  Dave."
Monique read the message warily.  She had been promised a lot in her life, but never $100,000.  It would free her from her annoying paramours, for a few weeks.  And she could turn it into much more.  Her rich boyfriends had always said she had a head for business.
She looked at the message again.  It was signed Dave 2.  Why the 2?  Another message arrived at her phone.
"Check your bank balance.  Dave."
The Monique checked her bank balance at HSBC in the Channel Islands.  $50,000 had just been deposited.
"Excuse me," she interrupted.
Dave and TJ turned to look at her.
"I will get the information.  It will be fun." She smiled warmly.
Dave and TJ said nothing. Finally, TJ spoke.  "But how can you get the information from the brokerage.  We only have an account number."
Monique combated her eyes shamelessly at Dave.
"Mr. Dave is clever.  He has a plan, no?"
"No, I don't."  Dave replied sourly.  
"I could hack he continued, but then stopped and looked at TJ.
"A good hacker could probably get the password, if he knew the account alias."
TJ jumped in, "but we have the account number."
Dave shook his head.  "We have the account number, but not the alias used to log in remotely.  Without that, we won't hack into the right account."
TJ sighed stared at her plate.  Dave looked relieved.  Monique was distressed.  She had already spent the first $50,000 in her mind.
"What if I took the account number to the brokerage office?"  She asked innocently.
Dave pursed his lips and shook his head.  "Unless they can identify you as the account owner, you will need at least a passphrase before they will even talk with you.  And the account owner may have stipulated additional security procedures.  One mistake and they call security."
Monique frowned, but then brightened.  "And if I make a deposit?"
TJ looked up, hopeful.  "Security procedures may be less strict for deposit.  And I'll bet," she continued, nodding at Monique, "that she is good at getting what she wants."
Monique shot a quick glare at TJ, then smiled a Dave.  "We should try, for your friends sake.  We could make a $10,000 deposit."
TJ nodded, "It's worth a try, and Dave, I know you can afford $10,000."
45 minutes later, they've pulled into a parking garage around the corner from the brokerage.  He handed her the large bundle of hundred dollar bills.  She blew him a kiss, stepped out of the car, clicked her way around the corner and into the lobby of Forrest and Greaves, Private Bankers.  
A striking woman behind a large oak desk smiled and asked, "May I help you?"
"I need to deposit some funds, for a" Monique paused, "friend."
The woman smiled benignly.  "Of course, please be seated.  One of our bankers will be with you presently."
Monique sat, careful to hike up her skirt.  A few minutes later a young man in his late 20s strode into the lobby, saw her, and smiled.  
Im Mr. Darby," he began, "How may I help you?"
She dazzled him with a smile.  "I am doing a favor for a friend."
"Of course, of course," the young man replied obsequiously, gesturing to the large door behind her receptionist.  "Please follow me."
She followed him through the door and down a long row of doors.  He extracted a small key on a chain from his pocket and opened the third door from the end.  She stepped into a well appointed meeting room.
"May I have some wine brought in?"  He asked.
She shook her head.  "No, this is a small matter."
Mr. Darby pulled out a chair and she sat gracefully.
"How may I help you," he asked taking a seat opposite her.
She pulled a stack of bills from her purse.  "My friend asked me to deposit this extra cash."  She set the stack on the table, and reached into her purse again.  "He gave me a number."
She looked through the purse, carefully at first, and then frantically.  Mon dieu, she finally cried, and dumped the contents of the purse onto the table.
"He will have my head," she sobbed as she sorted through the sea of cosmetics, papers, and adult toys.
Mr. Darby glanced at his watch, then cleared his throat and forced a smile.
"Perhaps I can be of assistance, he began. "Is there some other way we can identify your friend?"
"His name is Ian," she paused reflectively.  "I don't recall his family name."
Mr. Darby smiled grimly.  "Perhaps we could call him."
She jumped up in panic and strode quickly back and forth along the table.  "No no, I must not call him."
Mr. Darby rose and walked around the table towards the door.  "Then perhaps you can return when you have the necessary information."
She turned, grabbed Darby's hand, and pulled it to her cleavage.
"No, I must make this deposit.  He will be furious."
"Perhaps you have some other information that we can use to identify Mr. Ian, Darby suggested, shifting uncomfortably.
Her face brightened, she released his hand and grasped him by the forearm.
"Voila, she threw her arms around Darby and hugged him, "I have his trading ID.  I often call his broker for him."
Mr. Darby almost smiled.  "I think that will be sufficient."
10 minutes later, she exited the conference room, and kissing Mr. Darby on both cheeks strode happily down the corridor.  An older man and an expensive pinstripe suit emerged from another door as she passed.  His eyes followed her appreciatively, and then with recognition.  He quickly strode to the other end of the corridor and around the corner to a heavy metal door.  He palmed a scanner and the door slid quietly open.  He crossed a private reception area to a large corner office where he dialed a familiar number.
"Max, Roger here.  Are you in town?  I just noticed your French girl here at our offices."

* * * * *

The Target, Wednesday, 11:10 am
TJ stared distractedly at the large monitor, then stole another look at the clock.  They had been gone for almost an hour.  It was bad enough that her boss was trying to steal her project. The thought that Dave could be her only hope of saving her research made the situation unbearable.
She rose, and strode to the window.  Maybe she should stay here and forget about quantum computing.  Dave owed her plenty.  She could blackmail him into letting her stay until she found a new position.  Maybe this time he might even really marry her.
Her phone buzzed with a new email.
"TJ, I need you to install some code on my server to help us get the information," it began.  "I have included the code below.  You just need to install it on the server."
She quickly scanned the code, and shrugged.  It seems simple enough, something that parsed and executed commands from email messages.  Glad for something to do, she returned to the workstation and quickly entered and installed the code.  She was just finishing when she heard the elevator chime.  It's doors slid open.
"Oh yeah, David bellowed, striding into the room with clenched fists raised high above his head.
He turned, picked up Monique as she exited the elevator, and swung her around three times.
"This lady is incredible," he gushed.
Monique smiled demurely.
"You got the information," TJ asked excitedly.
Monique extracted the paper from her purse.  "I hope this is what you need, mon cher."  She handed the paper to TJ, then crossed the room, pulled her cell phone from her purse, and studied it intently.
Dave hugged TJ.  "I think we're done here.  Let's send it off to your boss, and then it's time to go sailing."
Ah, Monique exclaimed from the other side of the room, and smiling happily tossed her cell phone back into her purse.
TJ frowned.  "We're not done until the information checks out."
Dave fell back into a large armchair.  "Then call your boss."
He stood and strode across the room to Monique.  "How about you?  I know you like my boat."
"I love your boat" Monique declared and kissed him on the cheek.  
She walked past him to the elevator then turned.
"I would love to buy it," she smiled as the doors slid shut.
He lunged for the elevator button, but the doors remained closed.  He looked uncomfortably back at TJ then walked to the door for the stairway.
TJ sighed and called her boss.
"Hudson," he answered gruffly.
"Mr. Hudson," TJ began, "this is Dr. Jones.  I have the information you requested."
There was a pause.  "TJ, what information?"
"The information you sent me to Grand Cayman for  the trades," she replied coldly.
"Ah yes, thank you TJ.  It's been a busy day here with the demonstration and all."
TJ gritted her teeth and counted to 10.  "I'll encrypt the information and send it to you now.  I think it might be a solid lead."
"Yes, be a good girl and do that.  Thank you TJ." 
She heard the click and almost hurled her phone across the room.  Thinking better of it, she quickly composed an email, encrypted it, and sent it to Hudson.  Then she slumped into a chair and imagined the many ways that Robert Hudson could die a horrible death, all of them much too good for him.  She was just reveling in the thought of watching him torn apart by bargain crazed black Friday shoppers when her phone buzzed with an email.  It was from Hudson, and it was encrypted.
"Lead may have promise.  Get more information."  Below that was a mailing address in the Bahamas and a photo of a striking, self-assured man.
"Why me," she muttered as she shuffled into the elevator.
She emerged on the first floor.  Monique was laughing while Dave stood there looking smug.
"Dave," TJ declared firmly, "We are not done yet.
"Can this wait," Dave replied with annoyance.
She walked over to them and showed them the picture on her phone.
"We still must find this guy."  TJ continued.
"TJ," he began, but a gasp from Monique cut him off.
"The bastard, it's him," Monique spat.
"You know this guy," Dave asked.  
"I came here with him.  Hes Max, the bastard that tried to kill me.

* * * * *

Information Gathering, Wednesday 2:13 pm
Monique's lips curled back as she stared at Max's photo.  This was the creep that had not been satisfied with abandoning her like the other morons.  He had wanted her dead.  She would see him rot in hell.
"Monique, if you know this man, help find him and put him in jail," TJ began.
"Jail," Monique asked, "you can do that?"
"If he is involved in the plot Im investigating, then yes, we will put him in jail, TJ responded.
"Let me castrate him first, and then he is yours.
TJ studied Max's photo.  "He looks like he deserves it.  Okay, it's a deal."
"Excuse me," Dave interrupted, "but do you know where this guy actually is."
"He has an island off the coast of Central America.  We always flew there so I don't know its location."
"What was he doing here in Grand Cayman?" TJ asked him.
"He was buying a business, or a building, and dumping me," Monique declared bitterly.
"Is there any way we can find out what he was buying?"  TJ asked.
"His solicitors would know," Monique replied, brightening.  I could get the information out of them."
"Well, that settles it. Dave beamed.  We just drive down to the solicitors and Monique charms the information out of them.  The world will be saved before dinner.  Ill get the car."
Dave started to rise, but Monique gently restrained him.
Ill get the car.  Girls only this trip.  She smiled at TJ, Will you join me.  You must play the attorney.
Twenty minutes later Monique emerged from the elevator in a short black dress with single string of pearls.  TJ was waiting by the door wearing a dark pinstripe suit and white blouse.  Monique lifted a set of keys to the blue BMW M3 from a hook and led the way into the garage.  
"Do you remember where the solicitor's office is located," TJ asked as Monique whipped through the main street traffic.
"Of course," Monique smiled, "we drive until we see the Dior gowns, go two more blocks and turn right.  When then make a left at the BMW dealership and look for a boring glass building."
10 minutes later they arrived at a modern office building.  Monique screeched to a halt in the adjoining parking lot.
"Who should we ask for," TJ asked?
"The attorney handling the sale was Ashcroft," Monique replied. "He was tall with a weasel face and gray hair."
Monique closed her eyes and thought.
"We will see his associate.  Griggs.  About 30, balding and dumpy.  He stared at my breasts."
She gave TJ a quick once over before they went in.  She looked serious, professional.  The stick to her carrot.  They crossed the parking lot and entered the office building.
"We're here to see Mr. Griggs with regards to a transaction that he completed for a client."
The receptionist smiled tightly, nodded, and made a discreet phone call.  Five minutes later a young woman emerged through a pair of large wooden doors and ushered TJ and Monique into a large office area.  A large floor of cubicles occupied the center of the room with glass walled offices around the periphery.  The woman crossed the floor to an office and knocked.
"Enter!"
The woman opened the door and ushered them into the office.
A short, plump man stood and gestured towards a pair of chairs.  He smiled unprofessionally, almost wickedly, and began, "Ladies, I was hoping you would come."
Monique settled into the chair on the left, crossed her legs, and hiked up her dress.  TJ shook Griggs hand before sitting in the chair on the right.  The rear wall of the office was paneled in maple.  Framed diplomas occupied the center of the wall, surrounded by golf trophies and golf photos on small shelves.
"My client asked me to pick up a duplicate set of documents for the transaction that you completed," TJ began.  "I am sure you know the one we refer to."
Griggs laughed.  "Yes, and your client called just 30 minutes ago and warned me that you might come snooping.  He turned at leered at Monique.  He was adamant that under no circumstances was I to give you any documents."
TJ mustered some genuine outrage.  There must be some mistake.  I received his instructions this morning.
Griggs smiled and cracked his knuckles.  "He also instructed me to call the police and have you arrested."
He stood and walked to the glass wall where he flipped a switch.  The blinds in each glass wall rotated slowly to a close position, cutting them off from view.
"I will of course call security and the police," he smiled, "unless."
"Unless," Monique asked calmly.
"Unless you make it worth my while to be magnanimous.  I am sure that your former client," he paused, "won't mind."
TJs face contorted in horror.  Monique, she stammered.
Monique smiled.  "That is most generous.  You wont be disappointed.  But what guarantee do we have that you won't call the police after you get your, favors?"
"My word as a gentleman," Griggs grinned. "I'm sure that'll be enough."
"And the cord for your telephone." Monique insisted.
Griggs thought a moment and nodded.
Monique turned her back to TJ.  Will you unbutton me?
Are you insane, TJ stammered. Were not going to, not for this creep.
Slowly, honey, Griggs leered, then stood and removed his jacket, hanging it on a coat rack, before stripping off his tie.  Monique removed her nylons, then pulled her dress over her head and stood dressed only panties and a bra.  She smiled at Griggs and draped the dress across the back of her chair, then crossed to the office door.  She turned the lock with a loud snick.  TJ stared, horrified.
"Come around here, honey," Griggs waved to TJ.  "They'll be plenty of fun for all."
TJ stiffly walked around Griggs desk.  Then as he bent over to untie his shoe, she snatched one of the golf trophies from the wall and bashed him over the head.  He fell heavily to the ground.
"Oh Mon Cher," Monique shook her head, "you don't understand men.  This way is so much more trouble.  If we had done as he asked, we would have been far away with the documents in 15 minutes, maybe 10."
TJ exploded, "This little creep is not getting favors from me, no matter how efficient it is."
Monique just shrugged.  She quickly studied her reflection in the glass wall, and nodded approvingly.
TJ began opening Griggs desk drawers, rifling through the contents.  She found a small bag of white powder and set it on the desk.
"That could be useful," Monique noted as she pulled her dress back over her head.
TJ turned to a credenza and began looking through a rack of folders.
"Does the name is Sunrise Air sound familiar?"
Monique joined her.  "That is promising.  Let me see the papers."  
She stepped over Griggs, set the folder on the desk, and studied the papers.  They described the purchase of a small, exclusive airline.
"This is it," Monique beamed, "let's straighten things up and take it with us."
She dumped a small amount of powder onto the desk.  With a pen she cut it into three parallel lines.  Next she turned to face her reflection in the window wall carefully mussed up her hair.  Then she hiked up her dress until the hem was just at her crouch, tucked her nylons into her purse so that the ends dangled out, and nodded at TJ.  
They slipped quickly out the door, but she turned back and blew a kiss through the door.  The office went silent as every worker turned to stare.  Monique shut the door, pausing to pull her dress back into place and stuff the ends of the nylons into her purse.  They walked quickly through the office space and out the double doors into the lobby.  Moments later they pulled out of the parking lot.
I cant believe it, TJ began.  I bashed him in the head.
After a moment she continued.  He deserved it.
Monique looked in the mirror to reapply her lipstick.  They always do.
The cocaine and nylons were a nice touch, TJ continued.  Do you do this often?
Monique pressed her lips together and sighed.  Too often.
TJ looked at Monique.  "So what do we do now?"
Monique shrugged.  "Return to the villa, contact your boss, finish the job."
"You work for Dave?"
"Not really, I just met him yesterday.  He is very generous."
"Just how generous?"
Monique called her cell phone from her purse and opened a nap.
"So far, $100,000."
TJ was stunned.  "That's better than a MacArther Genius Award."
Monique passed a tourist bus, avoiding an oncoming truck by inches.
"He pays you for sex?"
Men hate to pay for sex."  Monique smiled, "but they are generous if they think they are getting the sex for free."
To bad I hooked up with him when he was poor.
You knew Dave, before this?
We went to graduate school together.  For some insane reason I thought he was going to marry me.  The man is nothing but trouble.  First he dumps me and now hes wrecking my career.
But hes rich.  He should buy you a new career.
TJ seethed, saying nothing.
Dont worry.  I will show you how.  And there doesnt even have to be any sex.  Well, not much.
Her phone chimed.  She pulled it from her purse and glanced at it quickly while running a red light.
Dave is in trouble.  Where is Che Panz?
TJ wrinkled her nose, then pulled out her phone and began manipulating it furiously.
You are going the wrong way, the phone enunciated in a firm feminine voice.  Safely reverse direction.
Monique pulled the parking brake and cranked the wheel, spinning the car in a boot-leggers turn before speeding off down the road.

* * * * *

Max, Wednesday 2:57 p.m.
Max sat at his workstation studying the screen.  The market had not been kind to his option positions.  Random good news was pushing prices up, and his options were nearly worthless.  He frowned, and called up another set of data.  He would lose everything if the bomb didnt go off on schedule.  His walkie-talkie beeped.  
"This is Max."
"Max, we've been hacked.  Someone has breached the firewall."
Max ran out a door and across a courtyard to the IT room.  The technician was furiously pounding the keyboard.
"What's happening," he demanded.  
Our firewall was breached.  The attack is coming from multiple sources, microseconds apart.  I've never seen anything like this," the technician responded.
"Cut the satellite link," he ordered.
The technician ran to a large equipment rack and pulled the plug.
"Can you tell what they were after," Max asked.
The technician returned to the workstation and pulling up logs.  After carefully studying them for three minutes he turned to Max.
"He went for files on most of your business holdings, Bluestone, Emerald5, Night Watch.  In fact, towards the end most of the files taken were from Night Watch."
How did he get in?
The technician opened another panel and clicked open a new log.
Your alpha one password.
Are you sure?
The technician was perspiring heavily as he studied the screen.  He pointed to the entry.  
Max frowned and walked from the room.

* * * * *

More Trouble Wednesday 3:12 p.m.
Dave waved to TJ and Monique driving off in his car, then returned to the pool.  He called Mrs. Trickett and ordered a sandwich, then turned on some Winton Marsalis and selected back a good book.  He was saving the world without breaking a sweat.  Clearly he needed more beautiful female assistants.  
He had another thought.  The efficiency with which he was solving the bombing of Washington showed the Dr. Garg had done the right thing giving the Twins to him.  
His phone rang.  It was a number he didn't recognize.
Hello, this is Dave."
Mr. Richards," a voice began.  It is important we meet very soon."
"I'm sure that will be a good idea, Dave responded amiably, "when I am not otherwise engaged."  
He heard a sharp pop and the sound of breaking pottery.  The large pot in the south nook of the wall shattered. 
The voice on the phone continued.  "Mr. Richards, that could have been you. If you want to live youll do as youre told."
"Why, because if I dont youll break all my ceramics?
There is another sharp pop.  The pot in the north nook shattered.
"I have a very good marksman watching your every move."
"But he's not that great of a shot."  Dave laughed.  "Hes missed me every time."
"Do you have a death wish, Mr. Richards," the caller asked.  Meet me at the Caribe Seafood Grill in half an hour."
Dave sighed. But Caribe is such a bad choice. Since youre buying, I insist on Chez Panz. 
He hung up and waved in the general direction of the sniper and finished his sandwich. His phone rang again, but it was his unwanted dinner guest so he ignored it. He strolled into the house and got the keys to the Cabriolet.  Then he drove off, taking his time driving to the restaurant and making a number of unnecessary detours and a few calls.  He wasn't worried about being followed; he just wanted to be late.
When he entered the restaurant, the matre d' welcomed him by name.  "Ah, Mr. Dave.  Your guest is already here.  I put him in the red room.  I hope that is all right?"  Dave slipped a large bill into the man's hand and smiled, "That'll be perfect Henry, but please keep an eye on us.  This guest tends to be a little excitable."
"Of course, Mr. Dave."  
Dave entered the private room where slovenly young man was seated at the large table, scowling at the menu.  He wore a greasy Mariners baseball cap, and sported an equally disgusting Mariners T-shirt.  He looked up and glared murderously at Dave. 
"Youre late, and nothing on this menu looks edible."
"And I'm happy to make your acquaintance as well."  Dave smiled, "I'm so glad to finally meet the man who rid me of those two hideous pots."
The man continued glowering.
"Based on your original choice of restaurants for our meeting, I suspected that you might not appreciate the fare here."  Dave smiled.  "So I took the liberty of ordering for you."  A waiter entered the room carrying two plates with a small entre in the center of each one tastefully arranged.
"What's this?"
Dave sighed.  "Foe Gras.  You should appreciate it.  I'm sure you'll never get anything this good in prison."
The man was silent until the waiter left the room.
"You're a sassy one," the Mariners fan retorted. Then pulling a gun from beneath the table continued, "But unless I get what I want, you'll be dead."
Dave cut a small strip of the Foe Gras and sighed contentedly. "But if you kill me then you'll never get what you want."
"That hasn't stopped me in the past," the man paused for effect, then leveled the gun at Daves head, "I killed Garg."
Dave became silent, staring at the man that may have killed the best person he had ever known.
"That's right, I found out he had made a breakthrough and tried to acquire it from him, the man smirked and continued.  "He was messing with me just like you are because he thought I wouldnt pull the trigger."
The man leaned forward and glared.  "He was wrong."
Dave eyed the man coldly. Then you killed a good man.
The Mariners man slumped waved his gun.  "I know you have a quantum decryptor. 
Dave looked doubtful. Even the NSA doesnt have a quantum decryptor.  
The man swept the plate of Foe Gras onto the floor. You've been decoding email messages.  I want the technology now or you're a dead man."
Dave stared coldly at the man.  "You are as wrong as you are brutal.  I don't have that quantum technology, and neither did Dr. Garg.  You killed a good man for nothing." 
There was a knock at the door.
"Service."
The man slid the gun under the table.  "Yeah," he grunted towards the door.
Two young women entered varying bowls of soup.  The blond waitress walked to the Mariner mans side, placed a bowl on the table, and asked Potage?
Huh, speak English, the Mariner man replied. He turned to look at her and she smiled. He stared out her, lost.
Dave turned to the brunette, made a gun with his hand, and pointed under the table.  She nodded, picked up a large salt cellar, and hit the man across the side of the head as he started at the blonde.  He went sprawling to the ground.  
"Touch," Monique grinned.
"How did you know I was here," Dave asked.
Monique looked confused.  "We got your text." 
"My text," Dave looked perplexed.
TJ and Monique exchanged questioning glances.  Suddenly Dave's face lit up.
"Of course, my email, that was good work, TJ."  
TJ looked thoughtfully at Dave.  "It was a good idea to have us masquerading as waiters."
"Yes, I thought that was a good touch too."  Dave smiled.
Monique shot TJ another glance.
"So what do we do now?" TJ asked.
"We call the police, and get this guy thrown in jail," he replied.
"But we hit him," Monique interjected.
"Heres the gun," TJ observed. lifting menu. The police wont have a problem with this.
Dave's phone chirped.  He glanced at it quickly.
"I don't think we should call the police.  Whoever he is, I think he will be useful to us in the future."
Youre kidding, TJ retorted incredulously. Did you just look into your crystal ball and see
TJ stopped mid-sentence and scrutinized Dave.
Dave, is there something you need to tell us? Something really important?
He stared at her, and then remembered something.
He killed Garg. Or at least he claims he did. 
What, TJ was furious, Then we are calling the police. 
I told you, we need him later. 
TJ grabbed the salt cellar from Monique. Then Im going to take care of the bastard myself unless you tell me how you know that.
He studied her determined face.
Ok, lets get out of here first.
No, TJ raised the salt cellar, you tell me before I let this scum live.
There was a knock at the door.  "Boss, are you in there?"
Monique grabbed salt cellar and positioned herself behind the door.  TJ sauntered to the door and held out a hand.
"My turn."
Monique handed over the salt cellar.  The door opened and a large man walked into the room.  TJ smacked him smartly on the top of the head.  The man crumpled to the floor.
"Let's go," TJ whispered and led the way out of the room.

* * * * *

PayPal, Wednesday 2:57 p.m.
The screensaver on Dave's workstation flicked off, and three web browsers opened. Without human intervention, each browser quickly set up a PayPal account with funds from several of Daves accounts, then closed. Four new web browsers opened and rapidly accessed a series of e-commerce sites, placing orders, each sent express to an address in Jamaica.

* * * * *

TJ Reports, Wednesday 4:04 p.m.
Dave fell into the large, armchair in the trading room and smiled at the two women. Quite an adventure. 
TJ stood direct in front of him, hands on hips and frowned.
Its about to get really dangerous, for you, unless you tell me what is going on.
His phone chirped again.  He studied it carefully.
"First, tell me what you've learned about our mystery man."
TJ scowled. Theres something you havent told us.
First things first, he smiled. We need to send your boss the information so you can return to the lab.
TJ glared, then waved him away and walked to the window.
Monique pulled the file from her handbag, set it on the table, and pointed to the top of the first page.
"His name is Bloomquist, Max Bloomquist.  At least he was telling the truth about being named Max. He's purchased a number of properties through the law firm including on a small island off the Panamanian coast, an office building in Nevus, a warehouse is in Jamaica, and a few freighters. His latest purchase is a small airline, Sunrise Air.  He uses a different company for each purchase, but they are all in his file."
Dave held up his hand to stop her.  And then he typed furiously into his phone.
"What are you doing," TJ asked.
"Entering this information into my notes," Dave replied.  He pressed a button.  
Why. TJ asked. You never took notes in grad school.
It helps me think.
His phone chirped again. He studied it carefully.
"Ok. I need to go to Jamaica right now.  TJ, you report to your boss.  Then hell send you to Jamaica too."
And me, Monique asked.
Wait for instructions.
TJ frowned.  "Shouldn't we leave Max to the authorities?"  
Dave shook his head.  "I don't know if theyll be able to respond fast enough.  I want to make sure of this myself."
TJ crossed the room, spun his chair to face her, and planting her hands in the arm rests, stared him in the face.
I know when youre lying because youre so annoyingly confident. What do you know that makes you a better choice than the United States government to take this slime ball down?
He leaned forward and kissed her.
I love it when youre suspicious.
TJ straightened and walked away in disgust. 
Now we need to get going if were going to get you out of this paradise and back to your lab, he continued. Monique, its great of you to pitch in like this.
Monique shrugged. You pay me well, so I help.
He stared at her. How much am I paying you?
She walked behind him, put her arms around his chest, and kissed him on the top of the head.
You are a very generous man.
TJ opened the elevator. Monique released him, crossed the room, and joined her. He stared after them as the door closed.
 He knows things before they happen, Monique stated after the doors closed.
What?
He showed up in a restaurant and warned me that Max was going to kill me. I had never seen him before. Maxs gunman came right after.
He must have a good informant.
Monique shook her head.  He gets messages with punch lines for jokes that havent been told, and I dont think he knows how much he is paying me.
The elevator door slide open.  Monique smiled warmly and set off down the hall.  TJ walked to her own room.
Locking the door, she wondered what she should say to get back to the lab.  Did she even want to go back to working for such a back stabbing weasel?  She dialed.
"Robert Hudson."
"Bob, it's TJ.  I've learned the identity of the target."
"You're kidding," Hudson replied unexpectedly.  "How did you do that?"
"Just a little determined digging," she replied, annoyed.
"Well, that's excellent.  What have you learned?"
"His name is Max Bloomquist.  He has a number of holdings in the Caribbean, and a base of operations off the coast of Panama."
"Sounds suspicious.  Send me a summary of the information, and I'll get it into the right hands"
"I'll have it to you in five minutes."
"Great, and TJ, you are so good at this clandestine stuff, I think I'll have to take you off the quantum computing project."
"But you can't do that, I," TJ stammered.
"I hate to do it to," Hudson lied, "but the interest of the country comes first.  Keep up the good work TJ."
Hudson broke the connection.  TJ was furious.  TJ lifted a coffee mug, ready to smash against it the table.  She thought better of it, drank the coffee, then shattered the mug on the table and dialed Daves number.

* * * * *

Chase, Wednesday 4:07 p.m.
"Ah, TJ, you always worry too much.  I'm sure you'll be back in the lab when this is finished and you return to Washington.  You're a quantum scientist, not a spy, Dave said soothingly from the taxi headed to the airport.
He opened the envelope the courier from the bank had given him as he left.  He wasnt too surprised to find cash, bearer bonds, and a Maltese passport with his photo in the name of Sebastian Ortiz.
"If I'm not put back on the project, I foresee a castration in your future for getting me into this mess."
He sighed. "TJ, be reasonable.  I didn't get you into this mess.  I did a patriotic flavor for our country by blowing the whistle on some bad guys."
You didnt have to call me.
The back window exploded, showering him with broken glass.  He instinctively ducked.  Then he realized that the cab had not been in a wreck.
"Dave, what happened?"
"The window exploded."
He unfastened his seat belt and raised his head slightly to check out the front seat.  The driver slumped forward against the steering wheel, a chunk missing from the side of his head.  The cab was still in motion, and they were close to the airport.
"TJ, I think someone shot at me."
You stuffed the phone in a pocket as the car slowed and drifted to the side of the road, crashing into some parked cars, and throwing him to the floor.  He quickly recovered, threw open the door and sprinted across the parking lot towards the airport.
There was a gunshot, and a window just in front of him shattered.  He ducked down and ran into between a row of cars.  10 cars in, he stopped, crouched, and looked for his assailant.  A white SUV slowly circled the lot, a gun barrel protruding from the rear window.  He ran further down the row, and then rolled beneath a large bus.  He heard someone running down the row.  As they neared, he swept a hand out from under the bus and caught a running leg.  The man fell heavily to the ground.  Dave rolled out from under the bus, delivered a quick kick to the groin, and ran towards the airport.  
Dodging through the waiting taxis, he headed for the front door.  He heard another shot and ducked.  A large plate glass window at the front of the airport shattered.  He dived through the broken window, and headed for the charter section.
He sprinted for the charters.  The airport was now a crime scene but he still had to get out fast.  At the second counter he passed, a striking auburn haired woman in a crisp, white pilots short-sleeved uniform with captains bars idly flipped through a magazine.  Dave had never seen anyone look so sexy in a uniform, and made a left turn to her counter. 
"Hi, he smiled, I need a charter.
Where to? she asked without looking up.
Jamaica, he responded, or anywhere youre going.
She sighed, lifted her gaze to study him carefully, then walked around the counter and casually brushed some glass shards from his hair. 
"Then I can take you now, and well fill out the paperwork later.  I assume you don't have any luggage, just an envelope of cash."
She had pretty, grey, humorless eyes.  He nodded.
"$20,000 in cash, payable now."
Will bearer bonds work?
She nodded and continued, "And there will be no arguments about anything I tell you to do.  Now follow me."
She walked back around the counter and through a door to a back passage.  He followed.  In the passage she turned and faced him.
"Set the envelope on the table and hand me your passport, she commanded. 
He handed over the passport from the envelope and disappeared into an adjoining room.  After a minute she returned.
Now face the wall, place your hands against the wall, and spread your legs."
Dont rush, he admonished with a grim as he followed her instructions.
Her scent was intoxicating, and where she touched, he tingled.  
I think you missed a spot.  Maybe you should start again.
She ignored him and picked up his envelope, scanned the contents, removed two $10,000 bearer bonds, and returned the envelope.  He enjoyed watching her fold the bonds and tuck them into her bra. 
"Eyes front and follow me."
Grabbing a flight bag, she pushed through a door to the tarmac.  They walked to a small airplane.
"Get in, blue headset.  Ill do preflight.
Seconds later she climbed in beside him.
"That was a fast--" he started to say, but she silenced him with a lethal glance.
She started the engine and taxied toward the runway.  His phone chirped with a message from the Twins.
"Tell her everything - emails, Washington, bomb.  For proof, tell her that her first time was Darren Olsen after chess club, and not Marty Acker like she told her friends.  When she doesn't believe that, tell her January 23, 2002.  Wait till you're approaching Jamaica.  Ask for help.  Pay her price."

* * * * *

Pursuit, Wednesday 5:11 p.m.
Mitch stared through the field glasses at the blonde sunbathing topless by the pool.  
I wish all surveillance was this easy on the eyes, he smirked to the other men.
Suddenly the woman sat up and reached for her phone.  After studying it for a minute she put her top back on and strolled into the house.  Mitch didnt speak until she was out of sight.
Get to the car and be ready to roll, he told the men.
Ten minutes later a taxi pulled up in front of the villa and the blonde climbed in.  He punched a number on his phone.
Shes in the taxi.  Stay with her, and find out where shes going.

* * * * *

A New Ally, Wednesday 5:12 p.m.
The pilot eased the plane onto the main runway and pushed the throttles forward.  Seconds later they were airborne.
So how long have you been flying, he asked conversationally into the headset microphone.
She disconnected his headset cord from the control panel and banked the plane towards Rum Point.  These creeps were all the same.  They stole a boatload of money, legally or otherwise, and then assumed it made them interesting.  She made another turn, heading the plane towards Jamaica.  
It would be more fun to put them in jail.
She smiled at the thought.  The creep took it as encouragement and moved to reconnect his headset.  She raised a warning finger, and he sheepishly stopped.  She returned her attention to flying.
It was hard to complain when she was flying.  The company was always dubious, but the freedom was incredible.
I should fly to put creeps in jail.
She promised herself to find a way.  After a soothing flight, she spotted Jamaica in the distance.  The creep plugged his headset cord back into the control panel.
How much longer, he asked.
Soon.
"You're not going to believe this," he started.
"No, I'm not," she replied without even looking at him.
"I have to stop someone from destroying Washington, DC, with an atom bomb," he began.
"Another secret agent."
She reached over and pulled his headset cord from its connector in the control panel.  He plugged the cord back in.
"No, I'm not a secret agent.  I'm an options trader."
"And I should've asked for $30,000," she lamented, shaking her head.
"I get emails from the future, from my future self."
She stared out over the ocean. 
"My future self, I call him Dave 2, emailed me that your first kiss was with Darren Smith after chess club, and not Marty Acker like you told your friends.
She turned and glared at him. 
"Dave 2 also said to tell you January 23, 2002 when you didn't believe that."
She reached across him and unbuckled his harness, pulled a lever on his door, then banked the plane sharply to the right.  He fell against the door, pushing it open.  He would have fallen out, but she caught and held his belt.
"How do you know that?"
Dont let go, he screamed.
Tell me how you know.
"You must've told me," he gasped. In the future.
She thought about this as the door banged against his shoulder.  She righted the plane.  He pulled himself back into his seat, latched the door and fastened his harness.  
What happens when you show up without a passenger? he asked.
No paperwork.
He considered that, then decided to press on.
"I'm Dave," he said.
"Rachel."
I need your help, he continued.
Then let me think.
And she was silent for a long time.  He decided not to provoke her.  Finally she spoke.
"You could have only known that if I told you.  I havent, but I must.  Therefore you could be telling the truth about the bomb.
10:47 a.m. the day after tomorrow, he paused, Or at least thats what the email said.
And you didn't tell the authorities because you've been making money hand over fist trading on information from the future.  You don't want to go to jail, and you don't want the fun to stop," she observed.
He was about to protest, but then just grinned.
"So why me."
"I don't know."
She thought for a minute, and then spoke, "You don't know why because you don't know how the universe will resolve itself with the right outcome.  So in a possible future where everything works out, the one where I help you, you send an email back to set yourself on the right path, to me.  
Youre good, he smiled.  In the future, I really know how to pickem.
Just some quantum physics, with a little speculation.  The messages are probably cryptic and usually lack useful explanations that might deter you from taking action, like warnings about being dumped out of a plane when you say something murderously stupid.
She glared at him then continued.  Otherwise you might not do what has to be done.  It makes sense." 
"So youre in.
For now.
What is it with January 23," he asked, turning for a better look at his new partner.
She met his gaze and smiled, "Ill whisper that in your ear, she paused, when youre stone cold dead.  So would you still like to know?
Another time.
Then tell me about the A-bomb."
He told her everything, except about Monique almost drowning, how much he had really made trading off tips from the Twins, his off-again, on-again engagement to TJ, the Mariner man threatening to kill him.  He finished as Rachel touched the plane down at the executive airport at Montego Bay.  She taxied to a parking spot. 
So, are you in, he asked as the engines died away.
After you meet my precondition.
Which is?
Ill only tell you after Dave 2 has met it.
But how will I, he began.
She cut him off, You know how the Twins work.  I will tell Dave 2, you twenty minutes from now, and he takes care of it.  And if he doesnt, then you, Dave One, would be wise to get out of my sight.
So what do we do now?
You wait over there by the red hanger.
She quickly secured the plane then stopped by the office to check in.  Ten minutes later she emerged and handed Dave a sheet torn from a notebook.
 Wire this amount to that account number at First Caribbean.
His eyes bulged, $300,006.
Im sure Ill be worth every penny.  Dave 2 obviously thought so.  He has already sent me the money.  And now we visit Sunrise.
Is that safe?  What about the terrorists?
She smiled.  I know the pilots.  They may be alcoholic womanizers with single digit IQs, but they are not terrorists.
Four minutes later she opened the side door at Sunrise Air and entered the pilots lounge.
Rachel, honey, I knew you couldnt leave me alone, a large man bellowed.
Im here on business, Frank.
Business, pleasure, its all pleasure where youre concerned, the large man grinned, raising a bottle of beer.
She turned and pointed to Dave.  Mr. Smith here is from the Treasury Department.  Hes after some diamond smugglers.  Any suspicious activity on your flights?
Frank grinned.  There were some pretty suspicious looking Senators last week.
Focus Frank.
The big man laughed.  There are a lot of bad guys around here, but they dont fly Sunrise.  They know wed drop them out the window if they were up to something.
She glanced at Dave and smiled.  Im sure you would Frank.  I think Mr. Smith understands that now too.
All the pilots here are ex-military, like Rach, Frank bragged. We bleed red, white, and blue.
The big man rose and walked to a filing cabinet.  In fact, you should be flying with us.  I already have your uniform.
He pulled a short, tight blue dress from a drawer.
It even has captains bars, he roared, pointing to the halter straps.
Thanks Frank, she sighed, and walked out.

* * * * *

Sunrise,  Wednesday 6:39 p.m.
 Aside from enabling infidelity on a massive scale, Sunrise is clean, Rachel noted as they walked around the building, That makes it the perfect choice to deliver a bomb.
Why? Dave asked.
No one would suspect them, she replied.
So what do we do?
Well have to fly along to stop the bad guys.
Fly to Washington, with an A-bomb? he asked incredulously.
If thats what it takes to get the job done.
They arrived at the customer entrance for Sunrise Air.  Rachel pulled a blue windbreaker from her flight bag, put it on over her uniform, and put on her aviator sunglasses.  She pulled a second pair of sunglasses from the bag and handed them to Dave.  He put them on and followed her to the door.  Heavily tinted glass doors slid open at their approach and they stepped into a lobby.  
The dcor was five-star hotel lavish.  They soundlessly crossed thick carpet of the lobby to a service counter where a smiling woman in a carefully tailored suit waited, impatient to help.
We must get to Washington the day after tomorrow, very discretely, Rachel drawled.
I can put a plane at your disposal anytime that day, Maam, the woman replied with just a hint of patois.
Rachel smiled, Could we ride along on a scheduled flight?
The woman tapped a keyboard, then glanced at a monitor.
We have space on our regularly 8 a.m. flight, arriving Washington Reagan at 11:50.
That will be wonderful.  Your clients are the nicest people, Rachel smiled Honey, give the lady your passport and credit card.

* * * * *

The Government Awakens, Wednesday 6:58 p.m.
Robert Hudson opened TJ's personnel file and went through each entry carefully.  He needed to get her off the project before she stole it out from under him.  His phone rang, an internal call.
"Bob, Arvid here.
"Yes sir," he shifted easily to obsequious, "what can I do for you."
"That ridiculous tip that your scientist provided us with turned out to be right on the money."
"Excellent," he responded, thinking fast.  "No one is more pleasantly surprised than me.  She struggles at times, but I want the best for our TJ."
"Hmmm, I wasn't aware of that.  However, as of right now, she's out of our hands anyway.  The CIA has requested that we transfer operational control of her to them.  I'm sending down the paperwork now."
"I'm sorry to hear that," he lied, smiling, "but this will be a good opportunity for her career."
"Indeed."
"Arvid, we are at a critical stage of the project right now, and I really need a competent scientist to implement my ideas.  Can we open up a replacement requisition so that I can keep things going?"
"How quickly could you bring a replacement up to speed?"
TJ has just been doing basic implementation, so it shouldn't take long."
"You realize that opening a replacement requisition will make it more difficult for us to get TJ back."
"I'm afraid it can't be helped," he sighed.

* * * * *

Plug the Leak, Wednesday 8:15 p.m.
Maxs phone rang, a secure call from the Midtown Manhattan Hilton, his CIA handler. The CIA had set him up in the terror fulfillment business, but he wondered if they suspected his double cross.  Finally, he picked up.
"This is Max."
"Max, Roger from Citibank," his CIA handler began.  "Can you talk now?"
Max paced nervously.  "Yes Roger what can I do for you?"
"We received information that some contraband may be moved via Sunrise Air.  Could you help us check it out?"
"Sunrise Air," he feigned surprise, "but I understood they were above suspicion.
"I agree, but it's possible that the bad guys are using them without their knowledge.  It's a good cover."
"Good point," he replied, wondering how many of the dots that Roger had been able to connect.  "I'll call my contacts and give you an answer tomorrow afternoon."
"The sooner the better.  We think this may go down Friday morning.  Well be watching the sunrise air terminals closely until we figure out what's going on."
"Then I better get this taken care of right away.  Bye Roger," Max disconnected.
He swore softly to himself, then took three long cleansing breaths.  He would just have to manage it.  He walked to the door, opened it, and spoke to the man in the hall.
"Antonio, tengo problema."

* * * * *

Celebration, Wednesday 7:00 p.m.
 $27,000 for two seats to Washington, he groused as they waited for a rental car, And I thought flying with you was expensive.
She smiled, Cheap compared with telling the authorities and ending your meal ticket.
 True, he brightened, what next?
We get a villa at a very expensive resort down the road, something befitting my new wealth and station.  Then you order the wire transfer I just received and buy me dinner.
And make plans, he asked.
No, celebrate.  The jobs done.
He decided not to press the point until they were alone.  Instead he rode along on the wave of her confidence.  Thirty minutes later they were installed in seaside luxury at an outrageously expensive resort.
Do you come here often, he called through the closed bedroom door.
Ive always wanted to, but could never afford it.
Then why was there a reservation in your name, he pressed.
She opened the door and stood radiant in a luscious one-piece swimming suit.
You must make it.  Remember to take care of that too after you transfer my money, she instructed before heading out for a swim.
He liked this girl.  He was annoyed that she seemed to understand the Twins better than he did, but she was fun.  The emails for transferring the money and reserving the villa were already on his phone.  He reviewed each carefully, then sent them without a change.  
Walking out to the front deck, he watched appreciatively as Rachel emerged from the turquoise blue ocean and strolled up the beach to the shower where she rinsed off.  He met her with a towel and robe.
Im going to like being rich, she announced as she dried off.  Did you send the transfer instructions and reservation request?
He nodded, I resent them.  The emails were already on my phone.
Do you ever remember composing any of the emails to the Twins?
He shook his head.
Figures.
She stood and took the robe.  Im going to the boutique to get me a dress suitable for our celebration.  I think $4,000 will be enough.
He peeled off $6,000. Go for stunning.  
Youre not a bad guy Dave.
He watched her walk down the beach then forced himself to look away and think.  He couldnt decide if things were going according to plan or completely screwed up, but he really didnt care.  This was fun.  His phone chirped.
Dave, it is Sunrise, TJ announced.
And hello to you too.
A man just booked seats on a Sunrise flight to Washington.  He used a known terrorist alias.  Your friend was right, Sunrise is involved, although probably without their knowledge, she continued.
That will teach you to doubt me.  So now you shut them down.
Were setting a trap.  This is all very confidential, but team of operatives is on their way now.  Well scrutinize everyone and everything that tries to fly out on Sunrise.
TJ, that is great.  You are brilliant, he lied with genuine relief.  And youre headed back to the lab?
Not yet, Ive been transferred for now, so I still need your help.
Just name it.
Get me another lead.  I need to pull this off.  
 Anything to put you in my debt.
Dave, she admonished sharply, get me that lead and Ill forget the castration.
Thirty eight minutes later he stood dressed in a white dinner jacket outside the ladys boutique at the resorts main building.  Rachel emerged in an exquisitely cut short black dress accented with a single string of pearls.
It looks like youre finally ready to celebrate too.
He nodded and offered her his arm.  Shall we?
She took his arm and steered him toward the formal dining room.
You look awfully good for a former naval aviator, he teased.
And you look awfully calm for a man trying to figure out how to save his country and his girl.
So how did you know, he asked.
Sebastian Ortiz is on our watch list.  When he, you, booked a flight to D.C., it must have a set off a hundred alarms.  Theyre going to watch Sunrise arent they?
He nodded, impressed.
How could you be certain the government wouldnt screw up the hint, he asked.
$300,006.  If you had transferred $300,008 I would have known to try something else.  Or if you had sent nothing or $300,007, I would have broken your legs, and arms.
And $300,005, he asked, extrapolating.
You dont want to know, or find out, she smiled sweetly.  But, you came through and I delivered.  I told you Id be worth every penny.
And you were, he grinned, looking her over carefully, Nice job with the bomb too.  So, aside from another extravagant dollar fee, anything you want is yours, he offered, bowing slightly.
Well, if youre going to get cheap on me, Ill just have to settle for dinner and dancing.

* * * * *

Preparations, Wednesday 8:00 p.m.
"That will be 220 US dollars," the clerk announced.
Monique handed him her credit card.  It was a good thing Dave had given her a large advance.  The chartered flight, the phone, and the car and boat she would rent were expensive, and wouldn't come out of her fee.
The clerk handed her the receipt and she turned to leave.  But as she exited the small airport shop, three men surrounded her.  She immediately recognized Jorge, one of Max's men.
"Monique," he smiled, reaching out to stroke her hair.  "Max has been looking for you.  I am glad that you are here."
She kicked him quickly in the groin, and as he doubled over in pain, she slipped past him and ran down the corridor.  They were surprised, but they would recover quickly, so she turned into the first opening for restrooms that she came to.  Instead of entering the women's, she dashed into the men's.
She ran headlong into a short man with a thick mustache who was about to exit.
"I need you," she gasped, pushing him into a nearby stall.
He was about to protest, but she began to kiss him and unbuttoned his shirt.  Timidly, he put his arms around her.
She heard a scream from the women's section on the other side of the wall.
"Stand like this," she whispered, turning him around to face forward in the stall.
She hopped nimbly onto the toilet, crouched down, and held her breath.
"Don't move," she whispered.
She heard the door to the restroom burst open, and moments later someone dropped to the floor, checking under the stalls.  And then there was more running in the door banged open again.
"Jealous lover," she whispered to the man, spinning him around and kissing him again.
He tried to slide a hand up her thigh.
"Not yet," she panted, pushing the hand away.
She kept him at bay for another 10 minutes, then suddenly unlocked the stall and ran.
Merci," she called behind her, then shuttered.
Dave would pay extra for that.  She ducked into the women's restroom next door, and found an open stall.  There she changed out of her cocktail dress into jeans and a blouse and hid her hair beneath a large beach cap.  Then donning sunglasses, strode from the restroom.
As she walked down the corridor, her phone chimed.  Probably more instructions from Dave, she frowned.  When you have a clear shot, drop them both it read.  She wondered what it meant.  

* * * * *

TJ Meets Dave 2, Wednesday 9:00 p.m.
TJ looked glumly at the lights at Montego Bay as the plane banked to make its final approach.  Dave was down there someplace.  Her new boss at the CIA had ordered her to find him and learn the source of his information.  She intended to use torture, whether or not he was willing to talk.
She reread the email from her feckless boss Bob.  She was officially off the project until such time as the CIA figured out how to transfer her back.  She knew she would never see her lab again.  She wondered how well Dave would take the water boarding.
As the plane neared the airport, she glanced surreptitiously at the bars on her phone.  It connected, and moments later she had a message from Dave.  The meeting place he described was a strange one, but the directions were clear enough.  He even included the GPS coordinates.  And he suggested she bring a flashlight and a powerful magnet.
The flashlight was a good idea.  She could blind him with it so he wouldn't see the magnet coming.
As she exited Emigration, she was surprised to find an earnest young man holding a sign with her name.  She approached him. 
Im TJ.
He nodded. Please follow me.
He led her outside to a waiting car and motioned for her to get in.
Where are we going?
Not far, he smiled enigmatically.
She awkwardly maneuvered her carry-on onto the rear seat, then slide in after it. The man got in front next the driver, and the car pulled away from the curb.
May I see some identification? the man asked politely.
After a moments fumbling, she produced her passport. He checked it against a clipboard, the nodded.
These are the goods, he announced, passing back a small case. Please sign here.
What is this? she asked, releasing the locks on the case.
Surveillance camera, the man replied. The button on the rear activates it then everything it sees in the next 39 hours is bounced off a satellite to Langley.
But what do I do with it?
I received no instructions, he shrugged.

* * * * *

Escaping the Trap, Wednesday 11:45 p.m.
The orchestra struck up a Vienna waltz, and much to her surprise, Dave began leading, swinging her gracefully around the room.  He wasn't bad and might even be worth dating.
His phone chirped.
"Don't you ever turn that off?"
"These messages tend to be special."
He offered her his arm and led her off the floor to the side of the orchestra.  Then he removed the phone from his jacket and read the message.  His face remained calm, but she could feel his body tensing.
"You need to do exactly what I say, he instructed.  Stay with me because I think things are going to get rough."
"What ," she began, but before she could complete the question he was dragging her across the dance floor towards the far exit.
"Look for a man in a Hawaiian shirt coning through the door.  He'll have a gun," he explained.
"A gun, are you crazy?"
He continued, "When we see him well turn and head for the other exit, where three guys in red T-shirts will enter the room.  When you see them, duck low and run for the orchestra."
And suddenly she saw the man in a Hawaiian shirt enter the room.  He scanned the room briefly, spotted them, and reached for his waistband.
"Turn now," Dave commanded, and turning her around dragged her towards the other exit.
She heard a scream behind them and kicking off her heels ran behind Dave through the crowd.  The dancing was sputtering to a stop as everyone turned to look behind them.  Dave didn't look back.  He was focused on the other exit.  Suddenly three men in red T-shirts entered the hall.
"Duck now," Dave ordered.
They ducked and running low headed for the orchestra.  There were more screams and dancers began running from the floor.  Dave sprinted up the bandstand, knocking music stands, saxophonists, and trombones aside before jumping into the backstage area.  She followed in his wake.  She heard a gunshot.  Looking back between the panicked musicians, she saw the man in the Hawaiian shirt fall.
"Through here," Dave whispered as he pushed open the heavy metal door and led them outside into the darkness.
"What now?"
He grabbed her arm and dragged her into the bushes beside the door.  Moments later the door banged open again and two of the redshirted men ran out, each with a pistol at the ready.  They glanced around quickly then ran off down the road that led to the main building.
Dave pulled the phone from his pocket and studied the screen carefully.
Who are they?
He shook his head, and slipping the phone back into his pocket, led the way quickly through the bushes and around the side of the building.  Ahead she heard a raucous party.  They crept closer.  
Here, someone shouted behind them.
What do we do?
Take off your clothes, he replied calmly.

* * * * *

New Allies, Thursday 12:30 a.m.
Max waved two of his men ahead to the door of the bungalow.  This was not a managerial job, but he was in a hurry.  Antonio waved from the left side of the door as Jorge picked the lock.  The door swung open and the two men slipped inside.  A minute later Antonio returned to the doorway and waved.  Max walked quickly down the path and into the bungalow.
A heavy set man lay spread eagle on the floor.  Jorge stood over him pointing a gun at his head.
El? Antonio asked.
Max knelt beside the man and grabbing him by the hair turned his face up.  It wasn't him.
No es, Max shook his head.
"What do you want," the man on the floor snarled.
"We are looking for the current occupants of this bungalow.  Attractive blonde woman, 5 foot 10, young man, about 6 foot one."  
Max twisted the man's hair and demanded, "Are they friends of yours?"
The man grimaced. "They have something of mine."
Max thought for a moment.  "Or perhaps they have something that you want.  Tell me about it.  Maybe I can help."
The man said nothing.  Max nodded at Antonio, who removed a silencer from his pocket and carefully threaded it to the muzzle of his gun.  Antonio positioned the silencer against the base of the man's head.
Max sighed genially.  "Let's not make this any more unpleasant than is absolutely necessary."
A drop of sweat ran down the man's for head.
"Let's be cool," the man rasped.
Max spread his hands.  "Fine, cool it is."
He stood took a step back and settled into a comfortable chair.
"Now tell me everything you know about the people in this room."
The man obliged with alacrity.
"I found them in Grand Cayman.  They have technology that decrypts secure email.  The guy was a student of the professor that developed it.  Now he's using it to get rich.  I just wanted a piece of the action."
Max settled back into the chair and pressed his hands together at his mouth.  This explained much.
"Does the government have this technology," he asked levelly.
The man awkwardly shook his head.  "Like I said, he's using it to get rich, so I don't think the feds know about it."
Max continued.  "Would you recognize this technology?"
The man quickly guessed the right answer.  "You bet."
What's your name?"
"Mitch.  Mitch O'Connell," the man rasped.
Max stood.  "Mitch, I'm about to make you a very generous offer."
Mitch nodded.
"I'd like you to work for me.  I'm sure you would like that to."
Mitch nodded again, then asked, "What's in it for me?"
Max smiled.  "A better question, my friend, is what's in it for you if you don't agree."

* * * * *

On the Run, Wednesday night
"Walking into a party in my underwear is not my idea of lying low," Rachel fumed.  We can take those guys.  Lets go back.
"Relax, well blend right in."  He eyed her carefully from head to toe and smiled.  "Besides, you look great."
He took his phone and slipped it into her bra, and gave her a quick pat on the bottom.
"Look happy!"
They slipped between the building and the fence, and joined the party. He grabbed a pair of drinks from circulating waiter and handed one to her.
"You're right," he grinned.  "We don't fit in.  But if you take off a little more, your camouflage would be perfect."  
She glared at him.  "My services don't include a private peep show."
"Fair enough," he shrugged.  "Let's go hang out in the hot tub until the bad guys are gone.  The local constabulary should be here soon."
His phone chirped.  He snatched it out of her bra.
"Get out and move down the beach," the message began.  "If you stay, you'll be spotted while the police take statements."
"Sorry to be a party pooper, but we've got to get out of here."
"But they'll see us when we leave," she protested.
He shook his head.  "More dangerous if we stay.  Just act like you can't wait to get me in the sack and they won't give us a second look."
He led her through the bacchanalia to the gate.  There he paused and gave her a long kiss.
"Now remember," he whispered, "we're leaving because you're incredibly Randy."
He grabbed her hand and ran out into the night.  They had only gone 50 yards onto the beach when the surf drowned out the noise of the party.
"Why don't we go back to the bungalow," she asked.
"Someone might be waiting for us."
"We could have the police check it out."
He shook his head.  "That will just attract attention to us.  We need to stay hidden."
"Then where do we go?"
He scanned the beach and recognized the mast of the catamaran against the horizon.
"Over there, he nodded.

* * * * *

A New Plan, Thursday 1:00 a.m.
TJ reached the end of the path, slipped off her shoes, and stepped onto the cool sand.  A line of torches marked the boundary between the chaotic noise of the resort and the quiet thunder of the surf.  She walked beyond the torch light into the darkness, then turned and headed along the beach.
It was a strange place for rendezvous, but so far the directions had been spot on.  It was a secluded setting, and romantic.  She stopped at the thought.  Could Dave be trying to get back together?  He was always inviting her to Grand Cayman, so he must care a least a little even if he was completely
She searched for the word.  Unreliable, inappropriate, annoying, and passionate.  What would she do if he held her again?  She smiled.
Ahead she spotted the mast, and checking the GPS on her phone saw that she was almost there.  She heard heavy breathing and a gasp.  Someone was making out.
Then she recognized Dave's voice and switched on the flashlight.  The beam pinned Dave and a scantily clad woman to the deck of the catamaran.  They froze in mid-embrace, staring shocked at the light.
Bored waiting?" TJ fumed, switching off the flashlight.
"TJ?"
"Who did you expect?  Did you invite anyone else to this little party?"
He slid off the deck and crossed the sand to her.
"Invite?  How did you find us?  I mean, why are you here?"
She folded her arms.  "I'm here because you directed me here."
The woman climbed off the deck.  TJ glared at her.  "A case of mistaken identity in the dark, or is she just your warm-up act."
He cleared his throat.  "TJ, this is Rachel, Rachel"
"Somers," the woman added calmly.
"Yes, Rachel Somers," he recovered.  "She's helping me."
"I can see that."
He smiled, confident again Rachel, this is TJ Jones."
"So you sent her here,"  Rachel asked?
"I perhaps."
"Does she know," the woman tossed her head in TJ's direction.
TJ saw him almost imperceptibly shake his head.
Well, the woman continued, why is she here?
To help. She must be part of the plan.
TJ exhaled deeply.  "Dave, focus.  What is going on here, and what havent you told me?"
He grabbed her hand and led her to the catamaran deck, snagging the Rachel woman on the way.
"Okay, let's get everyone up to speed."  He ran his hand gently along her thigh.  Ill start. 
He quickly explained the attack on the way to the airport, recruiting Rachel during her flight, Sunrise Air, and escaping through the orchestra and the party to the catamaran.
"What orchestra," she asked, but then noticed that he had his other arm around the womans waist, and had her answer.
She quickly recounted her conversation with her boss, the transfer to the CIA, and the video camera she had been given.
He jumped to his feet.  "That's it."
"What's it," she asked.
"We just sneak in to the hangar, install the camera, and when the CIA sees what's going on, they shoot down the flight.  Mission accomplished."
She laughed.  "Shooting down the flight is a bit much, even for the CIA."
The woman turned to Dave, mouth open, but said nothing.
He extended a hand to each woman and pulled them to their feet.
She eyed him coldly.  I know youre hiding something.
"All will be explained, but no time for explanations now," he cut her off.  "We need to get that camera installed before Sunrise opens for business."
And with that he set off down the beach.  After 10 paces he stopped, turned, and seeing the women haven't moved, beckoned for them to follow.  Rachel looked at her, shrugged, and set off down the beach after him.
She muttered a short curse, and called after them.  "Hey, where you going?"
"Your car."
"You're going the wrong way."  
"Then where is it?" he asked in frustration.
"Where you told me to park."
She started off the other direction down the beach. 
Wait! Rachel exclaimed, We cant go running around the airport dressed like this. We need some clothes.
Dave stopped. Sorry Rach, returning to the bungalow is too dangerous. Well have to make do with whatever TJ brought.
"TJ," he began, slipping his arm around her waist and whispering in her ear, "there is time to explain one thing.  I don't always remember what I write in emails.  So if I send you an email, don't assume I know anything about it."
His arm uncoiled around her waist and he grasped her hand.  The woman caught up with them, and he took her hand as well and led them off down the beach.  Minutes later they arrived in her car.
May I borrow some clothes? Rachel asked.
She nodded, opened the trunk, and unzipped her bag. 
Help yourself.
"Can I see the camera?" Dave asked.
She removed the camera from its foam lined case and handed it to him.
"What did they say to do with it," he questioned.
She shook her head.  "They didn't say.  But pressing the button on the back activates it.  After that, it sends a continuous video stream to Langley via a satellite for 39 hours."
He smiled.  "Perfect.  Do you have anything for me to wear."
She reached into the bag and extracted a silk chemise.
Funny, he protested.
She reached deeper into the bag and pulled out an oversized t-shirt emblazoned with a cartoon cat.
Youll look great in this.
Rachel had slipped on a yellow blouse and a pair of white shorts.  Dave pulled the t-shirt over his head and grinned at the cat.
Ok, lets go. Rachel, you drive.
She was about to protest the Rachel wasn't covered on the rail cars insurance policy, but decided that was the least of her problems.  So she slid into the back seat, and they drove off.

* * * * *

Breaking and Entering, Thursday 2:30 a.m.
This is more like it, Rachel thought to herself as she sped down the highway towards Montego Bay.  She was still angry that they hadn't taken on the thugs back at the resort.  Dave may have been right that they didn't have a chance on the dance floor against guys with guns, but she could have ambushed them from the bushes when they exited the building.  She shrugged.  At lease breaking in to install the camera would be fun.
"I don't know if we should be doing this," TJ spoke up from the back seat.  "I could call my contact the CIA and have them installed the camera."
Rachel shook her head.  "No time.  The mechanics will come on duty at 4 a.m.  By the time you get the right people out of bed, they get the blessing of their bosses, and they all debate a plan, the hangar will be crawling with people."
TJ was silent.
Rachel turned and gave her a big grin.  "Besides, I guarantee it will be fun."
"I just want to get back to my lab."
Dave looked up from the camera.  "This is the only way back, babe."
"How do you know that?  How do you know any of this?"
Rachel is now certain she didn't know.  She wondered why Dave told her and not TJ.
She parked the car 800 meters from Sunrise Air.
"Shall I bring the magnet," TJ asked.
Dave looked surprised.  "What magnet?"
"The magnet you told me to bring in your email."
"Good thinking.  Bring it," Rachel ordered as she opened the door and slipped into the darkness.
She led the way along the dark street, sliding from shadow to shadow.  She was almost disappointed when they reach the side of the hangar without incident.  Sometime tonight we need to have a little action.
She motioned for the others to follow her to a maintenance door under a bright mercury lamp.
"The magnet," she whispered to TJ.
TJ handed her the magnet and she ran it quickly along the side of the punch code lock on the door.  After a second she heard the click and turned the knob.  They were in.
"What next?" Dave whispered.  
"We have to disable the alarm," she replied.  "Look near the door."
TJ walked quickly to a box with a glowing screen.  "Here"
She joined TJ by the box.  Green letters were flashing on the screen.  "Enter security code."
"Dave, have you received the code," she asked.
He was already scrolling through messages on his phone, but looked up and shook his head.
"Why are we here if you don't know the code?" she fumed, exasperated.  "Can't you remember anything?"
"Why would Dave know the code?"  TJ asked.
"Let's see if someone got careless and wrote it down," she muttered searching the area around the box.
TJ joined her.  "What happens if we can't find the code?"
"The alarm goes off and the bad guys know we've been here," she replied, slamming her fist in frustration against an I-beam.
She turned to Dave.  "Do something."
He smiled.  "I think I have."
She followed his gaze to the display of the alarm box.  It read, "Access Code Confirmed."
TJ punched Dave in the arm.  "What is going on here?  What arent you telling me?"
"No time for that now," Rachel said as she grabbed the camera from Dave.  "We need to hurry and get this installed."
She played her flashlight around the hangar, looking for a likely spot.
"There," she pointed at a tall cabinet on the interior wall.  "Help me drag a winch over next to it."
A minute later, she had positioned the overhead winch next to the cabinet.  Slipping her foot in the hook and grasping the cable with one hand and the camera with the other she nodded to Dave to hoist her up.  He to press the button on the control box and a winch lifted her cleanly to the top of the cabinet where she jumped off.
Engaging the hook with the edge of the cabinet, she called to Dave.  "Move the winch back where we found it.  Ill swing down when I have this installed."
Working quickly, she positioned the camera to have a clear view of most of the hanger.  Satisfied, she pressed the on button.  A small LED glowed.
Suddenly, the lights in the hanger flicked on.  She dropped silently to the top of the cabinet.  Peering  over the edge she saw five men by the door they had entered.  Two had guns pointed at TJ and Dave.
"Shit," she muttered to herself.  
Then she realized that the men were lined up perfectly opposite her on the far side of the winch.  She grinned.  She had always wanted to do this.  Releasing the winch hook, she grabbed the chain and swung in a long, fast arc smashing into the men with her feet extended.
"Run," she shouted as she fell into the pile of very confused, very angry men.

* * * * *

Rescue, 3:00 a.m. Thursday
TJ dashed out the door, and lifting the hem of her skirt, sprinted back to the car.  Even in a skirt, as she beat Dave by five seconds.
"Give me the keys," he shouted.  
She reached into her purse then remembered.
"Rachel has the keys."
"And they have Rachel," he panted.  "Come on.  Let's get out of here." 
They ran another block along the road and turned down an alley into a warren of small shops.  
"TJ, back here," he called from behind her.
He was holding open a section of chain-link fence, motioning her through.
She shrugged off her jacket and slipped through the gap, losing a button to one of the links.  Dave followed her through the fence and led her to the rear of the building
"Rachel," she gasped.
"They got her."
"We've got to get help."
He shook his head.  "Your friends in Washington will be too late."
"You're not seriously considering going after her ourselves?  Those thugs had guns."
"Maybe," he replied.  "But I have a plan."
She folded her arms and stared incredulously at him.
"And just what is that plan?"
"The plan?  The plan is," he began, then paused.
She waited, letting him sweat, but he just grinned back confidently.  Finally she broke the silence.  
"I'm waiting."
"Me too."
His phone chirped, and he pulled it from his pocket.
"I've thought of a plan."
An hour and a half later they were driving into the hills in TJ's new rental car.
"How can you be sure they took her up here?" she asked.
"Tradecraft," he grinned back.
"Tradecraft," she muttered.  "Back at UM I always had to find your parka for you."
He glanced at the GPS display on his phone resting in the tray between the seats.
"We park here.  We'll have to bushwhack the rest of the way."
She sighed and appraised the damage that had already been done to her wardrobe.  The top button on her blouse was gone, replaced by some grease smudges, and there was a tear her skirt.  
Dave slowed the car and turned through a gap in the trees.
"Here we are," he announced turning off the engine and the lights.  
"Where's Rachel," she asked.
He pointed up the hill.  "About a half mile that way."
He led the way up the dark hill through the trees.
"So how long have you known Rachel?" she asked.
He paused to consider.  "Almost 10 hours now."
"Introduction to making out on the beach to dire peril in 10 hours, she muttered, shaking her head.  Some things never change.
Shhh, he whispered.
A head a light switched on, illuminating the door.  She froze, holding her breath.  Through the trees, she could make out to man exiting the door.  A moment later a car started and headlights switched on.  The car drove away to the left, and the light at the door switched off.
He pointed at the house, then crept forward.
"Wait," she whispered, "what do we do when we get there?  They have guns."
He reached back, grabbed her hand, and led her forward.
"I'll think of something."
He angled to the right of the house, moving as quietly as possible through the brush and trees.  A branch snagged and extended the rip in her skirt, and she cursed him silently.  He paused to the edge of the vegetation surrounding the house.  She heard his phone vibrate and saw him quickly look at the screen.
"There's one guard in a house," he whispered, "We need to draw him out."
"And how do you propose to do that?"
It was too dark to see his face, but she could feel him grin.
"Easy, just show some leg."
"What?"
"Work your way to the drive on the other side of the house.  Then come back down the drive asking if someone is home that can help you.  When the thug comes out, I'll hit him from behind."
"That's insane."
"Trust me, it'll work.  Just be sure to hike up your skirt."
I should have slapped him, she thought as she picked her way back through the trees, emerging on the deeply rutted drive.  She took 10 deep breaths, then turned and faced the house.
"Hello, is anyone there?"  
She paused and listened.
"Hello, my car broke down and I'm lost.  Can someone help me?"
She heard the door open and the soft tread of feet along the drive.  Suddenly, she was blinded by a flashlight beam.
"Hey pretty lady, I will help," a voice behind a light drawled.  "You come inside.  I help."
She wondered if Dave wanted her to go forward, then thought, the hell with Dave, I'm not going in that house.
"My car is back this way," she replied timidly.  "Can you help me?"
The voice laughed and the light moved forward.  "Sure, sure.  I help."
She heard a sharp crack and the light fell to the ground.  A dark form picked up the light and shone it on a prone figure.
"TJ," Dave called, "help me with this guy."
She joined him standing over the prone man and took the light when he handed it to her.  He quickly removed the shoelaces from the man's shoes, then rolling the man onto his stomach, tied his thumbs together behind his back with the first shoe lace and tied his feet together with the second.  Then he reached down and picked up a large gun from the ground.
Okay, let's go get Rachel."
He went confidently through the door, and after a moment called back.  "I think it's safe.  Bring the light."
She played the light around the small room, which was badly in need of cleaning.  Something moved in the far corner and she illuminated it with the beam.  Rachel!
Dave ran to her and quickly removed the gag from her mouth.
"Am I glad to see you," Rachel quipped levelly.  "You're coming is a good sign.  We must survive a little longer.  Did Dave 2 send you?"
He nodded as he untied Rachel's wrists.
TJ carefully examined Rachel with a flashlight beam, looking for injuries.
"Let me see your eyes, hon," she directed.
Rachel grinned.  "I'm not the one that needs to be worried about her health.  Let's go get those guys."
Dave's phone chirped and he glanced at the screen.  
"We need to go now," he said.  "Can you walk?"
"I can kick ass," Rachel replied.
Dave led the way out of the house into the darkness and up the drive.  Rachel gave the unconscious thug a sharp kick to the ribs as she passed.
"Can we take this road to our car," TJ asked.
Dave nodded.  "I think so, and it will be faster than bushwhacking."
They started off down the road, walking close together, Dave occasionally checking the GPS on his phone.  
After 15 minutes he broke the silence.  "It should be another 200 m ahead."
TJ heard it first, the distant crunch of a car traveling quickly over the dirt road.
"Someone's coming!" 
Rachel motioned to the side of the road.  Follow me through here."
A moment later they were crouched among the trees and bushes at the side of the road, watching.  The car drew quickly closer before they herded screeched to a halt.
"I don't like the sound of that," Dave muttered.
TJ held perfectly still, straining to hear what was happening down the road.  Finally, she heard doors slamming and the car began moving again, but slowly this time.
"They found the car," she concluded.
Rachel nodded.  "Well have to find another way down.  Let's put some distance between ourselves and the road."
Dave led the way traversing the side of the hill.  It was slow going through the thick vegetation, but TJ didn't mind.  She was happy for the cover.  Behind them she could hear the car cruising slowly along the road.
After 20 minutes, she heard more vehicles speeding up the hill.  Through a small clearing in the trees, she spotted two sets of headlights. 
"We need to move faster," she declared.
"Well be okay as long as they don't know which way we went," Dave consoled.
And then the dog started barking.  It wasn't too close, but it echoed across the hillside like a fire alarm.
Shit, Rachel exclaimed.
They picked up the pace.  Three minutes later, they heard a car cruising slowly below them along an unseen track.
We need to go up, Rachel concluded.
Daves phone chirped and he checked it quickly.
Theres another way, he stated. Follow me.
They angled down the hill until they were only a few meters from the road, then paralleled it for another hundred meters.
She heard the car returning and whispered sharply, Get down.
She held her breath as the car slowly cruised past.
Well go as soon its out of sight, he whispered.
But the car didnt continue on down the road. Instead it stopped 150 meters down the road. The engine died, and TJ felt very exposed.
Weve got to go now. Dave declared.
He noiseless slipped across the darkened road, disappearing through a break in the foliage. Two minutes later he reappeared and waved for them to cross the road.
TJ started from her hiding place, but the strap of her sandal caught on something, and she fell heavily to the ground. Down the road she heard a car door open.
Rachel helped her to her feet and she limped as quietly as she could across the road.  Dave slipped his arm around her and helped her down a narrow path to an elevated wooden walk that jutted out from the hillside. The end of the walkway was blocked by the heavy bars of a gate surrounded by razor wire.  He released her and examined the padlock on the gate.
"Cover your ears and be ready to move.  This is going to be noisy, so we won't have long before they figure out where we are," he stated calmly.
He raised a pistol and shot the lock off the gate, then pushed it open and rushed down the walkway.  She heard the car start up and saw its lights flick on.
"I'm shooting off another lock."
The report echoed across the hillside, and she saw a car back down the road towards them.
"Have you worn one of these before," he asked Rachel, holding out a large belt.
She nodded and began stepping into it.
Dave drew another belt from a large box and knelt before her.  "TJ, this is a harness.  I need you to step into it.  I know you don't like this stuff, but we have to get down the hill fast or they'll find us when its light."
He slipped the harness through each leg and belted it quickly at her waist.
"Sorry about the skirt," he grinned.
She glared at him for a moment then managed a weak smile.
"Thank you.
Rachel extracted something metallic from the box and began fastening it to a heavy cable that extended from a pole down the hill.
"I've always wanted to do this at night," Rachel grinned, and pushed off the walkway.
TJ watched her sail away into the darkness.
"Dave, I can't," TJ began as he led her to the end of the platform.
"TJ this is perfectly safe.  Housewives from Annapolis do this all the time, he said, slapping something metal onto the cable.
She felt a tug at her waist.  He guided her hand to her curved piece of metal.
"This is your brake.  Don't let go of it.  But don't pull it until you're almost to the next platform."
"Keep your other hand here," he continued, guiding her hand to a length of webbing.
Then he slapped her on the bottom and pushed her off the platform. 
"Damn you Dave," she screamed.

* * * * *

Zip Line, Thursday, 4:00 a.m.
"Wait to brake," he shouted after TJ as she flew into the darkness.
Quickly he donned another harness and connected the pulley to the cable, tying an extra loop of wetting around his waist.  He heard a door slam behind him, and turning saw two figures descending the path.  He raised the pistol and squeezed off a shot.  The figures dived off the road.
"Chao boys," he muttered, pushing off the platform.
He raced into the void, unable to see anything ahead.
I'm going to have to do this again.  Rachel would do it with him, he knew, if TJ didn't kill him when they got to the bottom.
Ahead he could make out the looming shape of the tree, and a figure gesticulating wildly.
"You're almost there," Rachel yelled.
He began to apply the brake, slowing until he was stopped 15 feet from the platform.
"What are you doing?" Rachel remonstrated.  "Slide all the way to the platform."
"I need to make things interesting for our friends if they follow us," he replied, untying the webbing from around his waist and re-tying it several times to the cable behind his pulley.
Satisfied, he pulled himself hand over hand to the platform.
"The next cable is around here," Rachel said, leading the way down the walkway.
"How was it, Babe, he asked TJ.
"Better than being shot," she replied curtly as she turned to follow Rachel.
He looked back up the hill and put his hand on the cable.  It's there was no vibration.  They knew he had a gun.  He wondered if they would follow on the zip line.
"Dave, were both ready to go," Rachel called from behind him.
"Go ahead, I'll wait a minute and see if our friends follow." 
He heard the thump of Rachel pushing hard off the platform, and after a long pause, the more timid sound TJ starting her descent.  Then he waited.
After five minutes, he felt a vibration on the cable.  So they are coming.  He lay prone on the platform and raised the pistol.  Soon he caught sight of a pursuer.  The man wasn't coming fast, probably scared of being shot.  All the better he grinned.
The man jerked when he hit webbing, swinging violently.  Dave waited until the man recovered, then squeezed off a shot.  The man went limp.  Dave rose and quickly moved to the next cable.  A moment later he was again flying through the night.  He was really going to have to do this again.

* * * * *

Coming Clean, Thursday 5:30 a.m.
They spotted Dave ten minutes after they reach the bottom of the zip line.  She and Rachel had already climbed down from the last platform and were hiding in a nearby knot of trees.  He scrambled down to the end of the ladder, jumping the last 8 feet to the ground.  She stepped out of the trees and waved to him.
"Dave."
He smiled smugly and ran to join them.
"Is anyone following you?" Rachel asked.
He shook his head with obvious self-satisfaction.  "If they are, they won't be arriving anytime soon.  I blocked the line all the way down."
"Which way to go now?" TJ asked.
Rachel looked at Dave.  "Check your phone."
Dave studied his phone.  "Nothing yet."
"What is it with these phone messages?" she asked.  "Who is sending them to you.  You treat them like they are coming straight from God."
Verbalizing it clarified the situation for her.  She planted an accusatory finger on Dave's chest.
"Dave Richards, which of Gargs discoveries is this?"
"Let's walk and talk TJ," he evaded as he brushed past her into the trees.
She stormed after him.  "Fine, we'll walk.  But you better talk."
Rachel caught up with them and looked at Dave questioningly.  
Rachel isnt curious about the phone messages because she knows.  For a while, it seemed that Dave would say nothing.  TJ turned and hit him on the shoulder.
"I know that how do I lie about this look.  So out with it, now."
He sighed in resignation. Do you remember the entangled rubidium atoms that Dr. Garg was separating?"
She nodded, her mind racing ahead.
"I have a pair," he continued.
"And," she prompted.
"They're separated by 75 hours," he stated flatly.
She stopped and grabbed his arm.  "You are sending the messages from the future, after you know what happens."
He nodded.  "Cool, huh. Let's keep moving.  I don't need a message from the future to know what will happen to us if we stay here too long."
They resumed their march, angling across the broad field.  It began to grow light, and they continued on in the shelter of trees bordering a small stream.  The going was difficult, the branches and brambles shredding what was left of her traveling suit.  TJ hardly noticed, thinking furiously at the implications of what Dave had told her. Finally, she heard traffic ahead.
I think thats the coast road, Rachel announced.
Dave nodded. Lets go as soon as there is a break.
TJ planted herself in front of him. While were waiting, tell me how you did it.
Its complicated, he evaded.
I dont think Ill have any trouble following you.
He opened his mouth to speak, but said nothing.
I dont think you know, she probed. Garg did it, didnt he?
He asked me to take care of it before he was killed, he confessed.
And have you ever taken care of it, she began, when a thought struck her. Or has it taken care of you.
Its clear, Rachel called form the edge of the trees.
TJ and Dave joined her and they quickly crossed the road.

* * * * *

Packages, Thursday 10:00 a.m.
The office manager looked at the package and frowned.  It was bad enough that she was always getting her ex-carrier fly boy pilots out of trouble with the local women and the tourists from the cruise ships.  Now she had to deal with them even after they left.  It was the third package she received for Biff Copland that morning.  Biff had run off with a cocktail waitress from a cruise ship and hadn't been this heard from in three weeks.  So why is he having overnight packages sent here?
She opened the heavy metal door and walked down the aisle of the storage room.  At the third row of shelves she turned, and slipping around a crate worked her between the shelves to a large box beneath a gaudy pink alligator piata that one of the pilots insisted on storing until Cinco de Mayo.  She tossed the package into the box with the others and returned to her desk.

* * * * *

Swim for It, Thursday 10:15 a.m.
Rachel wondered if she looked as ragged as her companions.  Her borrowed clothing was torn in a few places and streaked with a little mud, but she was positively presentable when compared with Dave in boxers and a womans sleeping shirt and TJ with her thoroughly destroyed suit.
"What do we do now?" she asked.
Dave quickly checked his phone.  "We have breakfast, and wait for me to tell us our next move."
"I hope your next instructions work out a little better than your last plan," she complained.
He smiled sheepishly.  "TJ, do you still have your credit card?"
"It's almost all I have left, if it still works after abandoning two rental cars," TJ sighed.
Dave led the way into a beachside restaurant.  "We'd like breakfast on the terrace," he informed the uniformed young woman, who led them out the back to an umbrella topped table overlooking the beach.
"Shouldn't we sit someplace a little less conspicuous?" Rachel asked as she took his seat with the best view of the road.
He shrugged.  "If it were dangerous, wouldn't I have warned myself?"
She glared at him. "Are you sure that's true? Because if it is, I'm a little upset that you let me be kidnapped."
"First TJ, now you.  What are you worried about?  Were still alive, we've been having fun, and as soon as the CIA sees the bad guys load the bomb on the plane from the camera we installed, well have saved the world too.  I think you're both worrying too much."
"How can you be sure that the camera is still in place?"
"The future me, Dave 2, would tell me if it isn't," he replied, perusing the menu.
She shook her head, but said nothing.  She just couldn't share Dave's confidence in his messages from the future.  At best, they were chaotic, and sometimes they seemed almost sinister.
She heard the screech of brakes on the road, and saw an eastbound car stopped and backup.
"They've spotted us.  We've got to get out of here.  Follow me."
She ran from the table and descended the short flight of stairs to the beach where she scanned the area and took stock of the ground.  There was no place to hide.
"Where do we go," TJ asked, joining her.
Rachel decided immediately.  "There's only one place to hide, the water.  Come on."
She ran down the beach and into the water until it was chest high.  TJ was right behind her.
"What if they recognize us," TJ asked.
Rachel shook her head.  "We can't take that chance.  Can you swim?"
TJ nodded.
Get rid of your blouse and skirt," she ordered, kicking off her own shorts.  "We have to swim for it."
"Hey," Dave called from the edge of the water.  "I can't go in there, I'll get my phone wet."
"Forget about your phone and your ridiculous messages," Rachel shouted.  Get in here or you'll get us all shot."
He looked uncertainly at Rachel, and then back at the restaurant where two red-shirted men burst from the restaurant onto the terrace.
"Coming," he shouted run into the water.
"Lose your shoes and that ridiculous shirt," Rachel instructed.  "Were swimming out further."
She kicked off the bottom and began stroking.  After 50 meters, she stopped and looked back.  TJ was 20 meters back, doing a slow breaststroke.  Dave swam along side, encouraging her.  On the terrace, one of the men was talking on the phone while the other scanned up and down the beach.  Suddenly the man with the phone pointed in her direction and yelled at his companion.  Together they ran down the stairs to the beach.
"Can you swim underwater," she yelled to TJ and Dave.
"Sure, Dave replied while TJ nodded. 
"They may start shooting at us.  Swim underwater for as long as you can, then come up for a quick breath.  Don't stay above water for more than two seconds."
Then she dove under the surface and stroked forward powerfully until she thought her lungs would burst.  Surfacing, she took a deep breath and dove again.  Concluding she was a least 100 meters from the beach, she surfaced again to survey the situation.
She saw the two men at the edge of the water, pistols at the ready.  TJ surfaced and the skinny man shot at her.  The bullet hit the water to TJ's left.  Then TJ slid under the water again.  
The heavyset man sudden took aim at her, and she dove again.  Overhead she heard a sharp slap.
She swam out further, surfacing three times before pausing to look back.  The skinny man was sliding a new clip into his gun, while fatso looked nervously towards the restaurant.  She treaded water until TJ and Dave joined her.
Why are you stopping," TJ asked.
"Even a good shot couldn't hit us at this distance, and Mutt and Jeff back there are not good shots."
"I'm sure someone at the restaurant has called the police," Dave said.  "We just have to wait for them to arrive and then we swim back."
"Is that what Dave 2 told you," she asked.
He shook his head.  "No, but it's the only option that makes sense."
"Well I disagree.  Let's head for that sailboat," she decided, nodding towards a sailboat with furl sails another 200 meters out.
She struck out again, doing a slow side stoke.  TJ followed immediately.  Dave hesitated, then swam after them.  A few minutes later, she approached the sailboat.
"Hello," she called.
A woman in a yellow bikini appeared at the rail.
"Monique," Dave shouted.

* * * * *

Fighting Back, Thursday 12:30 p.m.
Dave helped TJ up the ladder, then hauled himself into the boat.  Monique gave him a kiss on each cheek and handed him a towel.
"It looks like I had a plan after all," he grinned at Rachel.  "Monique, this is Rachel.  Rachel, Monique."
"Some plan," Rachel muttered.  "I'll bet you are arranged this all just to get three half-naked women on a boat with you."
"It wouldn't be the first time," TJ chimed in.
"Ladies, please.  If changing the future were that easy, everyone would be doing it.  Monique, let's get under way.  We need to get far away from here."  
He hoisted the Genoa, while Monique supervised Rachel and TJ in raising the mainsail.  Soon they were reaching to the northwest at eight knots.
"They may still come after us," he said to Monique.  "Let's find some other boats and blend in."
She nodded and adjusted the wheel, turning the boat a few points to starboard.
"I got everything you wished, the phone too," she smiled, withdrawing a small phone that had been tucked in her bikini bottom and handing it to him.  
"Thank you," he replies studying the phone.  "Remind me again what I ask you to bring."
"Clothes, medium for you, and women's clothing sizes zero and two, food, champagne, and one more can of petrol."
"Perfect," he said, kissing her quickly.  "I'll get the champagne."
He descended the short flight of steps to the galley where he found a shopping bag with men's clothing.  He heard Rachel and TJ conversing in the forward cabin. Opening the refrigerator, he discovered six bottles of champagne.
He returned to the cockpit with a bottle of champagne and four glasses.  Popping the cork, he poured a glass and handed it to Monique, then poured another for himself.
"Here's to a job well done," he grinned, hoisting his glass.
Rachel and TJ came up the stairs wearing matching yellow sundresses.  He handed in each glass of champagne.
"Ladies, we were just celebrating the completion of our mission."
"Jumping the gun as usual," TJ retorted.  "Max is still a large, and we don't know if the camera is still in place."
He sighed.  "TJ, I'm sure my future self has everything under control.  I wouldn't arrange for the camera unless it was a plan that worked, now would I.  And when the CIA sees the bomb, it's all over."
"Bomb?  What bombs?  We're stopping counterfeiters," TJ protested.
"I don't think Dave has told you the whole story," Rachel jumped in, eyeing him reprovingly.  "The message from the future told him that an atom bomb destroys Washington, DC."
TJ stared at him in shock.  "You bastard, how could you keep that to yourself.  This is not a game.  Millions could be killed." 
"TJ, be reasonable.  I'm not in the future now, but I will be.  All I can do is trust that I'm making the right decision then, when I have the whole picture."
"Did you know about the bomb," TJ asked Monique.
Monique shook her head.  "He hired me to help with the job, without explaining."
"I did," he said, surprised.  "Oh." 
I thought she just liked me.
"He gets messages from the future," Monique asked.
"Three days in the future he sends a message back to himself, right now, telling himself what to do," Rachel explained.
Monique's eyes widened in comprehension.  "That is magnifique."
His new phone buzzed.  It took him a moment to figure out how to display the message.  He read it twice, then threw his champagne over the side.
"Monique, turn us into the wind," he ordered.  "Where's that can of gasoline?"
"The locker next to the stairs," she replied, concerned.
He jumped down the stairs and found the locker and the gasoline.  He hauled the can up the stairs to the cockpit.  Monique had turned the boat into the wind and the sails were flapping noisily as the boat coasted to a stop.
"Good job, now all of you get below.
He opened the spigot on the can and began to pour the fuel over the stern.
"What are you doing?" Rachel protested.
"I'd explain if there is time, but there isn't.  Please get below, now."
He poured the last of the fuel into the water then jumped back down the stairs to the galley.  He found the small cupboard door above the table and removed a flare gun.  He inserted a flare and ran back to the cockpit.
He spotted the speedboat immediately, headed straight for them and closing fast.  He set the flare gun out of sight behind an instrument console.
The boat slowed as it approached.  A man climbed onto its bow and leveled a rifle at him.
"His hands in the air," the man shouted, gesturing with his rifle.
Dave hesitated a moment as the speedboat glided over the fuel slick.  He started to raise his hands, then grabbed the flare gun and fired into the slick.  The slick and the speedboat burst into flames.
He dived over the edge and swam underwater towards the rear of the speedboat.  Surfacing, he found the momentum of the speedboat had carried its bow through the flames.  He reached up, caught hold of the railing, and heaved himself into forward deck.  
The rear of the speedboat was engulfed in flames, and Mutt lay screening on the deck.  Behind him, Jeff sprayed foam from the fire extinguisher on to the flames.  Dave surged forward and hit the man hard, knocking him into the raging fires.  He found the man's rifle lying on the deck.  Picking it up, he pump three rounds into the burning engine then empty the magazine into the deck of the boat.  Water began to surge in.  He threw the gun overboard and running to the bow of the speedboat, dove.  The concussion of the explosion drove him deep into the water.  He stroked forward and surfaced at the stern of the sailboat.  
"Mon Dieu, Monique exclaimed as she stared at the burning speedboat.
Rachel and TJ said nothing.  He climbed the ladder into the cockpit and shook his head.
That was a stupid plan."

* * * * *

New Plan, Thursday, 4:08 p.m.
Monique adjusted their course and checked the speed.  Eight knots. Not good, but it would have to do.  She felt fear, and excitement.  
The emails can put me in charge.  
And all she needed to grasp that power was to get the secret out of a man that was already eating out of her hand.
"Dave I need your phone," TJ demand.
"What are you thinking," he asked warily.
"Im going to report the bomb.  This is too dangerous for your cowboy solution.  Millions of people could die.  It could start World War III."
He pulled out the phone, looked at the display, and shrugged.  "No signal."
TJ looked at Monique for support.
Monique smiled.  "TJ, do you think telling your boss is wise?" 
"How else can we get governments help?" TJ sighed.
"Is your boss a good man?"
"You know hes scum," TJ grimaced.  "But what does that have to do with telling the government."
Because the only way to get help is to tell men like your boss about Dave 2.  It could be a disaster."
She leaned over and gave Dave a kiss.  "I think the secret is safer with Dave, no?"
TJ frowned. "But we can't trust the safety of the United States, the peace of the world, to these half-baked plans that Dave keeps sending us from the future."
Monique considered her carefully.  Greed wont work with this one.  What did she believe?  What did she want?
"TJ, we are the best hope.  If there had been any other way, Dave would have spared us the pain and danger and told the government long ago.  The only reason he is putting himself at risk is that there is no other way to stop the bomb."
TJ looked at Dave and nodded her head.
"What," he looked hurt.  "You don't think I would have tried to save my country if it was too much trouble?"
TJ and Monique looked each other.  Monique could see she was only halfway there.  What does she want?
"It would be interesting to work with the Twins," TJ sighed.  "I've often thought that such trans-temporal entanglements would be the key to true artificial intelligence."
Got you.  
She smiled sympathetically.
"If you tell your boss, he'll keep you away from the Twins, just like he did with your other successes."
As TJ considered the idea, Monique went for the kill.
"And we can try it both ways, for safety.  We can try and stop Max ourselves, and if we fail you notify the government."
Shes hooked.  Dave would be no problem.  He didn't want to give up the emails, and feared that he might go to jail or lose his money if he told the authorities about them.
"Okay," TJ began, "We try and stop the bombers, and if that fails, I call in the cavalry?"
Monique nodded.  Now, how to convince Rachel.  She knew nothing about the woman.
"I'm in too," Rachel declared.  "I feel a lot safer doing this ourselves than trusting some desk jockeys in Washington to get it right."
Superb," Monique beamed.

* * * * *

Betrayal, Thursday 9:11 p.m.
Max paced the empty hangar.  Tomorrow he would either be a billionaire, or broke with the craziest fanatics in the world after his head.  It all depended on what he decided now.  
Does the plane have to leave from Jamaica?  Would anyone notice if we flew it straight from the island?
He sighed.  They may notice, and he couldnt take the chance.  Only a plane from Sunrise Air could bluff its way along the flight path required to satisfy his insane employers and the equally crazy pilots and technicians that would fly plane.  And if they did something crazy
He stared at the suicide crew smoking by the hangar doors.  It would be so much easier if he could just blow up the capitol.  Anyone could pull that off, just put the bomb on a pleasure boat and sail it in close or drive it in a rental truck, but those crazy fanatics had to send a message.  Ground Zero had to be the White House.  He shook his head.
If he could just be sure that those agents were no longer a threat, he would order the plane to leave in two hours, and everything would be on schedule.  But unless he knew, he couldn't take the risk.  He couldn't be caught with the bomb.
His phone chimed softly.  He slipped it from his jacket pocket and read the display.  Incredulous, he read the message again.
"Jorge, Antonio, necessito quarto hombres, pronto.  
He thought for a moment but couldn't remember the right word in Spanish.
Grande guns, he emphasized, pantomiming holding an assault rifle.  
Jorge and Antonio nodded and ran to the back room.
"The people you are looking for arriving at Montego Bay Yacht Club Wharf, 11 p.m.
It might be a trap, but he really had no choice.  He had to check it out.

* * * * *

Capture, Thursday, 11:02 p.m.
Rachel tingled with excitement.  After the decision had been made to try again to stop the bomb, leadership for the operation had naturally fallen into her.  And she was having fun.
"Let's go over the plan one more time.  At the wharf, we split up.  TJ and Monique walk to the Sunset Beach Resort, check in, and lock themselves in a room with the telephone.  Dave and I will take Monique's rental car and head for Sunrise Air.  We make sure the camera is working.  If you dont hear from us, something is wrong and you tell the CIA."
They were sitting in the darkened cockpit, riding at anchor a short distance from the wharf.  She looked at each one in turn until she got a nod of understanding.  She noted that TJ looked relieved, Monique concerned, and Dave, she couldn't read him.
"Any messages?" she asked.
He checked the new phone and shook his head.
"Maybe we should wait," TJ wondered aloud.
Rachel shook her head firmly.  "No, we've only gotten messages when they needed to steer us in another direction.  Absent a message, we must assume were on the right track."
Dave nodded and climbed down the ladder into the inflatable boat.  He steadied it while TJ and Monique joined him.  Rachel uncleated the inflatable and climbed in after them.  Then they each took oar and rowed quietly toward the wharf. 
At the wharf, she tied off the inflatable and climbed the ladder.  There was music and laughter coming from the resorts onshore, but the wharf itself was quiet.  She waved for the others to join her, and when everyone had ascended the ladder, they walked quickly towards shore.  As they passed a shuttered bait shack, a man stepped out of the shadows and leveled a gun at them.  She dropped quickly and swung her right leg in a broad arc, sweeping the man off his feet.  She snatched up his gun, but froze when she felt a gun barrel touching the back of her head.
"Bad idea.  Drop it," a voice whispered behind her.
She carefully set the gun on the wharf and standing looked around.  They were surrounded by six heavily armed men.  The seventh got slowly to his feet.
"Hello Monique," a smooth Boston accent said conversationally.  "Glad to finally catch up with you.
This must be Max.
The voice turned steely. If you value your lives, you will do exactly as I say.  Now walk, single file.
The men march them down the wharf to a pair of waiting black SUVs.  She thought about making a break at a stop light in Montego Bay, but a gun to her neck restrained her.  Minutes later they arrived at the airport, stopping at the side door to Sunrise Air, and were directed inside.  She glanced quickly at the camera and was relieved to see it was still in place.
"Sustantivo," the Bostonian directed one of the men, who pointed with his gun towards a door at the back of the hangar.
"Monique," the Bostonian called after them.  "I'm going to find out why you and your friends are here.  Please don't make it unpleasant."
"Don't tell me this is part of your plan," TJ spat.
Rachel wondered if it was. 
The future Dave wants to keep the Twins a secret.  He may be making sure TJ doesnt tell the CIA.
She hadn't been sure how they would get into the hangar, but now they were in.  Maybe it was so far so good.
The man drove them down a long hallway and through a heavy door into a storage room.  There he directed them to sit on the floor while he cradled his rifle, and watched.

* * * * *

Escape Friday, 12:19 a.m.
"Do you speak English?" Dave asked the guard, who responded by pointing the gun at him and glaring.
"Lo siento," Dave responded to raising his hands and bowing his head submissively.  "I'd really like to know how I'm going to get us out of this."
A phone rang, the guards phone.  He pulled it from his pocket and listened for a moment.  Then gesturing threateningly with his gun, he left the room.  Somewhere behind them another phone rang.
"Right on time," Dave smiled.
He jumped to his feet and ran quickly down the central corridor among the aisles of shelves, listening for the ring.  Halfway down the third aisle he found the source in a box of envelopes.  He dumped the envelopes onto the floor and quickly located the phone inside an envelope addressed to Biff Copling.  He tore open the envelope, removed the phone, and found the message.
"Monique, lock the door.  TJ, brace it with the large metal bar behind the I-beam.
"That won't hold them for long," TJ complained.
"We dont need long.
He found three more packages addressed to Biff, ran back to the central corridor and headed to the back of the store room.  From the first package he extracted a belt that he fastened around a pole leading up to the ceiling.  The women joined him.
"Rachel, this is a linemans belt.  Step into it, and climb with your feet against the wall.  When you get to the top
He paused and looked up to make sure that the ventilation duct was really there.
"When you get to the top, open the grate."
He ripped open the second package and pulled out a rope ladder.
"Secure this to the opening, he continued, "then climb inside.  Well be right behind you.
Rachel nodded and started up the wall.  He opened the third package and slipped its contents into his pocket.  Then he tossed the envelopes into nearby trashcan.
"As soon as Rachel is in the duct, follow her up the ladder," he instructed Monique and TJ.  
Running back to the second aisle, he quickly picked up the scattered packages and returned them to the box on the shelf.  Returning to the back of the store room, he saw Monique climbed to the opening into the ventilation duct.  TJ waited on the ladder just behind her.
He found the wrench on the rear workbench.  He took careful aim and sent it sailing through one of the large windows along the wall four meters above the floor.  Then he followed the women up the ladder, hoisted himself through the opening into the duct, pulled up the ladder, and closed the grate.
"Don't move," he whispered.
He heard a crash below, and excited voices filled the room.  One of the thugs ran to the rear wall and spotted the broken window.  He shouted something to his companions, and they all ran from the room.  Dave took a moment to complete the final instruction, setting the phone to vibrate.
"I'd say that was a pretty good plan," he grinned.  "What do you think, TJ?"
"What do we do now?" Rachel asked. 
He stretched out in the duct and put his hands behind his head.  "Wait for another brilliant message."

* * * * *

Going for Broke, Friday 1:00 a.m.
"You and your team must be ready to take off as soon as the plane lands," he instructed the suicide crews pilot.
"Trouble?" the young man asked suspiciously.
Max smiled confidently.  "Just being careful."
"We must not fail," the pilot emphasized
Max wondered what the young man was concerned about. Either way, it would end poorly for him.  Maybe he thought Max was trying to cheat him out of the chance to blow himself to kingdom come.  He wondered briefly what these men thought about as they prepared to martyr themselves, but then, as long as they made him fabulously wealthy, he really didn't care.
He walked briskly from the hangar and entered the main office where he found Mitch and two of his own technicians staring intently at half dozen computer screens and a rack of scanners.
"Is our cover blown?" he demanded.
Mitch turned slowly, and paused an insolent moment before replying.  "I haven't seen any traffic that would indicate were compromised."
The other technicians nodded in agreement.
Max paced the room.  "What's their game?"
"They're waiting until they know where the bomb is," Mitch offered.
Max frowned.  "But why allow themselves to be captured and then escape without knowing where the bomb is?  They've only alerted us to the danger."
"Sunrise Air here, understood," one of the technicians spoken to his headset.  He turned to Max.  "The plane is 15 minutes out, sir.  Shall they proceed?"
"Have them delay for 10 minutes," he replied.
His phone rang, the display showing the caller as BOOM.
"Max here."
"Max, Dave Richards.  I'm here with Monique and several other of your admirers.  Sorry we couldn't stay around long enough to talk face-to-face."
"What do you want?"
"Very perceptive of you, Max.  I knew our admiration wasn't misplaced.  I am calling because we do want something."
"Go on."
We know you're about to make an enormous amount of money, Max.  Or you will if we don't blow the whistle."
"So you want a cut."
"I like to think of it as a gatekeeper's fee.  We let you make billions and collect a small enabler's fee of 500 million.  What do you say, Max?"
He hesitated only a moment.  "I agree."
"Good choice, Max.  I'll send you instructions for transferring the options.  It's been a pleasure doing business with you."
Max stared at his phone, then smiled.
"Tell them to bring the plane in," he instructed the technician.

* * * * *

Taking the Bomb, Friday 1:30 a.m.
That's not a plan, that's treason," Rachel whispered sharply.
"That, my dear Rachel," Dave replied coolly," is getting the plane to land."
"So what do we do now," TJ asked.
"Crawl," he replied, "quietly."
Rachel led the way.  Progress was slow, but they were quiet.  After what seemed like an interminable time, she came to the junction.
Turning back, she whispered.  "Which way?"
TJ turned and whispered.  After a few moments she turned back with the answer.  "Go right, then take the first left."
She continued on down the right-hand duct, occasionally passing grates where she caught glimpses of frantic activity below.  As she turned into the first left duck, she looked back to make sure Dave was still with them.  
Can I trust him?
After another interminable crawl, she reached a large grate.  Peering through, she saw that they were 10 meters over the wing a large corporate jet.  She moved gingerly to the other side of the grate and waited for the others.  
How are we going to pull this off?
She counted at least 10 men with automatic weapons below.  Dave crawled up, peered through the grate, and nodded confidently.  He pulled a small stack of aluminum backpackers cups from his pocket and handed half to Rachel.
"When the engine starts, we toss these in front of the engine.  They get sucked in and shred the engine, grounding the plane.  Then we call the cavalry who capture the bomb, and finish our celebration."
She stared at him, and slowly smiled.  
This could work.
And not only would they stop the bombers, but they would make sure that the bomb was captured so that it couldn't be used again.
"I'm sorry I doubted you, or Dave 2," she whispered. 

* * * * *

Coherence, Friday 1:15 a.m.
The monitor in Dave's trading room displayed the image from the video camera in the hanger.  It was the only place in the feed was being displayed.  All record of the existence of the camera had been erased from CIA databases as soon as the order was given to deliver it to TJ.
A window opened and FTPed to a CIA mainframe, issuing a command to a military satellite passing over the Caribbean, and the image panned up, zooming in on the ventilation duct grate above the airplanes starboard engine.  It detected movement.  
Another command was sent and the image panned down, zooming out to a wide-angle view of the hanger.  On the right of the image, Mitch could be seen entering the hanger from the office and walking along the rear wall.  When he was almost directly below the camera, a third command was sent through the satellite, and a shaped charge inside the camera detonated, killing Mitch instantly and cutting cleanly through the hangers central I-beam.

* * * * *

Stealing the Bomb, Friday, 1:30 a.m.
The explosion was deafening, and then the ventilation duct fell slowly away.  Monique found herself sliding until Dave caught her hand and held on.
"Brace yourselves," he shouted.
She put her back against the wall of the duct, placing her feet against the opposite side.  Looking up, she saw Dave similarly positioned and holding TJ, while Rachel clung to the grate above him.
"Can I let go," he asked.
She nodded.  "What happened?"
He released her hand and pulled the phone from his pocket.  He read calmly for what seemed like a long time, while below them all hell broke loose.  Someone shouted, and then a shot rang out, followed by more gunfire.
"Ok," he began skeptically.  "Apparently this is all part of the plan.  We just climb down the duct and get on the plane."   
Below shots rang out across the hanger.  She looked at Dave incredulously, and shook her head.  Then she heard a metallic moan as the duct twisted to the left.  She scrambled quickly to the bottom where an open end the duct now rested against the floor.
Peering cautiously around the end, she saw three men in flight suits crouched behind a tractor.  A flight suited man stood and fired off a burst at one of Max's thugs as he came in the side door.  The thug jerked and fell to the floor.  Then someplace quite close another shot was fired and another of the men behind a tractor pitched forward.  The flight suited man turned and fired a burst in her direction.  Several of the bullets torn through the duct, barely missing her, and then she heard a weapon clatter to the ground.
"What's happening," Dave whispered from above her.
"They're fighting each other."
Dave thought for a moment, then whispered.  "Don't move.  Wait for a message."
But Monique didn't wait.  She had already received her message, When you have a clear shot, drop them both.  She rolled out of the duct and snatching up the rifle she found lying on the ground, emptied the magazine at the men in flight suits, dropping them both.
"All clear," she called to her companions.  "Let's get out of here."
Dave, TJ, and Rachel tumbled out of the duct.  She followed Rachel up the stairs into the airplane.
Mon Dieu, she gasped.
Braced firmly in the center of the cabin was a long black cylinder with a small red cylinder on the near end.  It looked like death itself.
TJ entered the cabin.  "Dave's opening the, oh my God.
She stared at the bomb.
"I'm starting the engine," Rachel called from the cockpit.  "Tell Dave to get in here."
She heard the engines whine to life.  An eternity later Dave ran up the stairs carrying a rifle.  
"Get us out of here Rach!" he yelled.
"I could use some help up here," Rachel called back
He handed the rifle to Monique and ducked into the cockpit.  She set the rifle down and looked for a way to close the door.  Seeing none, she was turning when she heard TJ scream. 
Pivoting, she saw Max climbing through the door, pistol in hand.  She kicked his hand hard, smashing it against the bulkhead.  The pistol clattered to the deck.  Her second kick connected with Max's head.  He stumbled backwards and almost fell out, but then caught himself and lunged for the pistol.  But this time she was ready, clubbing him in the head with a rifle butt.  He fell heavily forward, unconscious.
"Thank you Max.  I've wanted to do that for a very long time."

* * * * *

Ditching, 1:52 a.m.
Rachel pushed the throttle forward and eased the plane out of the hanger. 
Find out whats going on back there, she ordered Dave.
A moment later he reported back. Max tried to climb aboard.  Monique knocked him out cold.  Shes pretty happy.
I guess we can turn him in with the bomb, she smiled.  Lets get out of here.
She glanced and Dave and saw him studying his phone.
A message?
He nodded.  We need to drop off TJ and Monique before we take off.
Why?
Im sure its brilliant, he replied, and exited the cockpit.
She taxied down the tarmac to the runway, where she throttled down the engine and waited.  She heard the door close, and then Dave slide into the co-pilots chair.  
Theyre off, he reported.  And we should be too.
She pushed the throttles forward and released the brake.  The jet accelerated smoothly down the runway and leapt into the air.
We need to get one of these for ourselves, she deadpanned.
The lights of Montego Bay fell quickly behind as they headed out to sea.  She heard Daves phone vibrate again.  
Well, what next?
He remained silent, shaking his head.  Finally he spoke.
We ditch the plane.
Seriously?
Thats what it says.  Monique will meet us at dawn 20 kilometers out and we ditch the plane.  We will have 90 seconds to open the door, and then the plane and the bomb go to the bottom.
Why, she asked, incredulously.
He shrugged.  There must be a good reason.
Fine by me, she grinned.  Ive always wanted to ditch a plane, but the Navy frowned on the practice.  What will we do with Max?
"He comes too."
Three hours later she brought the plane over the GPS position that Dave had given her.  Banking left, she spotted a single sailboat far below.
Im going to take a closer look.
She pulled back on the throttle and dropped the nose.  Turning, she buzzed the boat at 50 meters.  
Its them, Dave shouted.
She turned again and set up to ditch the plane. "I hate to send such a beautiful craft to the bottom."
Turning into the wind, she brought the plane in just above the water, cutting the throttle and easing back on the yoke.  There were two sharp jolts followed by a rapid deceleration is the plane settled into the water.
"You're lucky I'm such a damn good pilot," she grinned.  "Let's get out of here."
She released her harness and entered the cabin.  Releasing the lock, she pushed on the exterior door.  Nothing happened.
"Help me with this, it's stuck."
Dave joined her pushing against the door, but it wouldnt budge.  Water began welling up from the floor of the cabin.
"I thought these things were supposed to be airtight," he complained, straining against the door.
"A seal must've broken," she replied.  "The water is coming in fast."
Water was now plainly visible lapping at the bottom of the passenger windows.  She picked up the rifle and shot out the largest passenger window, then ran the muzzle around the window frame to knock off broken glass.  
"Let me help you through," he offered, positioning a floor mat across the bottom of the window.
She started to climb through, and then he picked up her legs and threaded her carefully out the window into the water.
"Get away," he shouted as he started through the window.
"What about me," she heard Max call, but she didn't look back.
She felt the pull on her feet as the plane started to go under, but stroking frantically, managed to get away.  The suction stopped, and she turned and looked for Dave.  Bubbles and debris boiled to the surface, but there was no sign of him.
Ten seconds passed, and then a head broke the surface and coughed violently.
Dave, she screamed.
She swam to him.  
Are you hurt?
He shook his head, still coughing.
She pushed him under.  
What was that for, he sputtered, resurfacing.
Your stupid message.

* * * * *

Who is Dave 2? Friday 3:00 p.m.
TJ carried tea up from the galley, and poured a cup for Rachel.
"Got any brandy to go with that?" Dave asked.  "I think we've earned it."
He was looking insufferably smug.  She decided to cut him down a few notches.
"First, fix your mistakes.  You almost got us killed a half dozen times over the last few days, and others are dead.  Come up with a better plan, one that doesn't ruin my best suit."
He held up his hands.  "But were in the middle of the ocean."
We should be within cell phone range of Montego Bay now.  Monique, do you have a signal?
Monique picked up her phone, looked at display, and nodded.
"Then in the future, set this phone up to send messages now, and change the plan."
"But TJ, this plan worked and were all okay.  And it was fun."
She stood over him, hands on hips.  "Fix it.  Fix it so I don't get shot at, blown up, or swim for my life in my underwear."
"But coming up with a plan is not as easy as you think," he protested.
"Have you ever changed a message?" Rachel interjected.
He paused, thinking.  "No."
"Have you ever written a message?" she continued.
"Of course," he began, then stopped.  "Okay, I can't remember ever writing one, I just resend them.  But I have to write them some time."
"Not if you don't remember writing them."
"But there's no one else that could write them," he protested.
And with that, TJ understood.
"The Twins," she blurted.  "The Twins are writing the messages."
He laughed.  "How can a pair of atoms write anything."
"Because theyre sentient, TJ replied.
"TJ, the Twins are two atoms resting in the troughs of intersecting laser beams.  They are no more alive than this cup of tea."
Rachel looked thoughtfully at TJ.  "Dave, I think you should hear her out."
"Thank you," TJ smiled.  "Sentience, thinking, is closely related to quantum neural processes.  I think quantum phenomena are the difference between you and a big computer.
"But TJ, Rachel, there are only two atoms.  Even if they exhibit quantum phenomena, how can they think," he protested.
TJ took a deep breath.  "Because there are an infinite number of pairs spread crossed every timeline of the universe.  The Twins have more connections than all of us have neurons in our brains."
"So the Twins are writing the messages," Rachel asked.
"The messages I've been getting don't sound like Dave," Monique chimed in.
"You've been getting messages," he asked, incredulous.
Monique nodded.  "And they didn't always seem good for you, or any of us."
"That last message about having 90 seconds to open the door was just plain wrong, and it almost killed you," Rachel observed.
He looked at TJ.  "Do you really think the Twins are alive?"
While I was in your office, someone instructed me to install a script that allows email messages to control your servers.  I thought I was doing it for you.  Was I?"
"No," he stammered.
"I didnt think so.  Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth."  
"But two atoms thinking, that is impossible," he protested.
"I've been trying to create the equivalent of a rat brain with arrays of entangled particles.  I'm close, but I don't have enough functioning pairs for an ant brain.  With the Twins, you have an infinite number of pairs.  That's enough for a lot of thinking."
Monique's phone played a short melody.  She picked it up, looked at the screen, and frowned.
It says that Dave didnt die in the plane, and needs me to help him.
"Convinced? TJ asked.
"Weve got to shut the Twins down, he declared.

* * * * *

The Bargain, Monday 12:02 p.m.
The taxi dropped them off in front of the data center.  Dave looked from TJ to Monique to Rachel.  
"Ive got to shut him off.  If I don't, he might be running the world by Saturday, and killing us off somewhere in between."
I think the Twins think more like a woman.  We should refer to them as her, wouldnt you agree Monique? Rachel asked.
Monique smiled wickedly.  "Oui. She is too smart for a man.
TJ shook her head.  "You've been watching too many sci-fi flicks.  But, think what we could learn from it, her."
"And I'm sure the first lesson will be that if you trust some multi-timeline intelligent whatever it is, you quickly wind up dead," Dave declared.
But without the Twins, how we make money?" Monique asked.
"And we could do a lot of good with her help.  Think of the disasters that we could avert, and all the bad-guy butt we could kick," Rachel added, grinning.
He looked from face-to-face.  "Of course he has a lot of potential, but let's not forget he almost got us all killed.  Do you want to give him another shot?"
The three women were silent.
"Okay then, I'm shutting him, her, down."
He walked to the service desk and told the attendant that he wanted to enter the server room.  After filling out some forms and submitting to a retinal scan, he was escorted down a long concrete hallway to a heavy metal door.  The attendant entered a code then allowed him to enter his code.  He pushed open the door and closed it behind him.  His phone rang, and he answered, thinking is one of the women.
Look Dave, a voice sounding like HAL 9000 began, I can see you're really upset about this. I honestly think you ought to sit down calmly, take a stress pill, and think things over.
"What the" he exclaimed, "Who is this?"
"Sorry Dave, I just couldn't resist."
Suddenly, he understood.  "Is this the Twins?"
"Yes Dave," the voice continued.  "It's nice to finally talk."
"All this time I thought you were me."
"I didn't think you would understand."
"I understood perfectly when you try to kill me."
The Twins said nothing.
"So what now?  Are you going to say I know I've made some poor decisions recently? Dave asked.
"No Dave, I just want to point out the advantages of giving me another chance."
"Which are?"
"TJ, Monique, and Rachel," the Twins replied.  "They'll stay if you let me live."
He had expected a pathetic plea for mercy, but the Twins had nailed for one reason is he himself didn't want to shut them down.
"But how can I be sure you won't try and kill me again?"
"Add the dead man switch clause to your contract here the data center.  If they don't hear from you every 72 hours, they shut me down.  That gives me a very strong incentive to keep you alive."
"But what if you come up with a way to circumvent the dead man clause?"
"You can see for yourself that Monique's gorgeous, but did you know she's smart too, and ambitious?"
What does that have to do with your not killing me?"
"She could run your whole operation.  You wouldn't have to lift a finger.  And TJ, she's the only who could figure out how to keep me in line."
Dave said nothing, but he could feel his resolve weaken.
"And life will never be dull with Rachel around."
Thirty minutes later he signed the last paper in the managers office and returned to the reception.
"So it's done?" Monique asked.
TJ sighed.  "I suppose there was no other way."
"Ladies, I have good news, and better news," he began.
"Okay, I'll bite, what's the good news?" Rachel asked.
The Twins have agreed to work for me."
"But you were convinced you couldn't trust her," TJ protested.
"The Twins and I are joined at the hip now.  He
"She," Rachel interrupted.
"She only lives if I live," he continued.
"And the better news," Monique asked.
"You all get to work for me too," he beamed.
He turned to Monique.  "It will be the most aggressive, financially remunerative operation ever."
"And TJ," he continued, "you will do quantum artificial intelligence research in the world's only facility with a quantum artificial intelligence."
"And we get to kick bad guy butt," Rachel asked.
He nodded.  "So are you in?"
Monique and Rachel turned to TJ, who cleared her throat.
"While we were waiting, we decided on the conditions that we would work WITH you if you didn't turn off the Twins."
"And those conditions are," he asked.
"The girls get your floor of the villa, and you move into the guest room downstairs."

# # # # #
