 





FATAL CUT

A Suburban Noir Ghost Story




Cathryn Grant





Published by D2C Perspectives at Smashwords


Copyright  2011 by Cathryn Grant

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever. For information, contact D2Cperspectives@gmail.com
eISBN: 978-0-9831868-3-0
This book is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead or somewhere in-between, is entirely coincidental. 
Email Cathryn at cathryn.m.grant@gmail.com or visit her online at CathrynGrant.com 
Cover photography and design by Lydia Schufreider Copyright  2011

Table of Contents

About Madison Keith
One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Eleven
About the Author
About Madison Keith

Both the living and the dead like to reveal their secrets to Madison. As the administrative assistant in the basement office of a suburban church, she gets plenty of opportunity to hear from both. Through it all, Madison offers up a steady stream of opinions on everything from the subject of religion and ghosts to finding a soul mate.

The Madison Keith series includes: 
FATAL CUT (#1)
SHALLOW WATER (#2)
UNHOLY CHILD (#3)
STONE COLD (#4)
DEADLY STREETS (#5)
LONELY GHOSTS (coming October 2012)

One

THE FIRST TIME I walked into the office of Central Avenue Church, I knew they needed me as much as I needed them. What I didnt know was that I would find a dead body within six weeks, but by the time that happened, I already loved my job. I wasnt inclined to look for another just because of one corpse surrounded by a large, bright red lake of blood, behind the fellowship hall. Actually, the moment I found that body, I knew who had killed the guy, but I wasnt sure the police would see it that way, being all caught up in forensics and proper procedure as they are. Procedures always seem to obscure things, in my view.
I don't mean to sound cold, calling it a corpse, calling him a corpse. But Im just saying it like it is. After all, once that person you cared about is gone, that's all it is  a corpse. Theyre off somewhere else. Who knows where that place actually is, physically speaking, but they surely aren't in that body any more.
Working in a church might not have been the best career move in one sense because its a small, claustrophobic world, especially after working for a global corporation. Theres no room for advancement, and theres only slightly more opportunity to meet people, especially guys, which is something I think about, but try not to obsess over. When it happens, it happens. But I wanted to be in a job where I felt needed, and I knew the minute I talked to Pastor Joe that they needed me. Im not the kind of girl anyone would ever expect to see working in a church, but even though I dont look like eye candy, maybe it doesnt matter. Churches probably arent looking for that sort of image like corporations are. The reason you might not expect to find someone like me in a church office is because I have my various tattoos, all more or less discreet, and my cascade of hoops down each earlobe, that you dont typically see on church-goers. At least not on suburban church-goers. Growing up, I never went to church. My mom worshipped the earth and raised me all vegan and whatnot, and my dad just loved my mom and said, whatever you think is best, sweetie.
Even though Pastor Joe said right away that he wanted to hire me, the youth minister did not like me from the start. I could tell from the way she folded her lips together as she considered the tattoo peeking out of my sleeve.
I know youre thinking about that corpse, and Ill get back to that eventually, but I wanted to introduce myself. I have a name thats no name  Madison Keith. My first name is after a city where Ive never lived, in a state where Ive never been. My last name is a guys first name, and since you cant tell by my name that Im female, sometimes solicitors and other strangers call me Keith. I was born on January 31st, under the sign of Aquarius, which means Im outgoing and amiable. Aquarians are also considered eccentric at times. We can live on many mental levels, which is why Im so intuitive. Apparently all that might be changing now that theyve discovered the thirteenth sign of the Zodiac. How unlucky is that? Anyway, at twenty-seven, I already know who I am and what my sign is, and Im not changing it for anyone.
Theres so much to tell here, Im not really sure where to start. You probably want to hear about the corpse, but I also should tell you how I came to be working in a church and how I kind of knew how the corpse got there before the police even arrived on the scene. And you need to know a little about me to understand how I might grasp the inside scoop on something like that. I promise not to tell you my whole life story, not yet. Only the details you need, in order to understand how I knew the reason why a mans life had ended with murder.
Ive always been able to see things other people cant. Dont take that in a mystical sense, that I have second sight or that I work with crystal balls and Ouija boards and cards and talk to the dead. Except that bit about talking to the dead. I dont talk to them in any real way, like someone who conducts a sance, but I do have a way of seeing into peoples souls and their minds and I know what theyre feeling. In the end, that can kind of seem like talking to the dead, because you know what was in their soul before they left.
Seeing what other people cant comes from a lot of things in my background. My mother, for one thing. And growing up by myself. I was an only child. I was home schooled. I lived in an old cottage built in the 1920s that was pure white inside and out, with pale green trim around the windows and doors. My parents kept it freshly painted. They liked things empty and so my bedroom had nothing but a bed and a tiny writing desk with thin legs from an antique store. There was an old chair that my mother let me paint glossy purple. I had a bookcase in my closet and a little shelf over my bed. Thats it. We grew organic vegetables and didnt eat meat and didnt have a TV or a computer. Are you already seeing how I might look at the world differently from most females my age? Also, I talk a lot. Im very chatty and I dont censor much of what I say, I just let whats in my head spill out, and that makes people feel as if they can also say whatever is on their minds.
When I finally went to real classrooms in high school, I wasnt used to being around many kids my age. Wed had some neighbor kids, but they were in school during the day and in sports after that, so I was alone most of the time until I was a teenager. Its not like I looked different on the outside. I wore jeans or skirts, and shrunken t-shirts like the other girls. I had long hair, I still do. Lots of them wore makeup and I didnt, but otherwise I fit in if you saw us standing on the front lawn of the school on a spring afternoon with the sun warming the tops of our heads, making us happy to be alive. But when they started talking, oh boy. I couldnt keep up with their comments about TV shows and music and movies and stuff I never heard of. So I listened. I restrained my chatty self and let them talk. It was pleasant, really. Their words flowed over my face the same way the air flowed over our skin during May.
Once in a while I would be alone with one of the girls at my school and I would be my normal self. I would talk on about our garden and the book I was reading and how I liked the big, sweeping lawn at the front of our high school. How impressed I was with the schools stately appearance  columns and fifteen steps up to front doors that were twenty feet high or more. The other girl, whoever she was at the time, would then start talking. She would tell me I was different, and that I wasnt absorbed with the same things as the other girls. And then she would tell me what she was thinking  that she hadnt liked this particular movie, or didnt understand why everyone thought that band was so good. And soon I realized that what people said in a group situation was not always what they really thought.
I also see things that other people miss because I meditate. When you meditate, your mind gets quiet and thoughts that you didnt know were out there in the ether can float into your head. I dont know where they come from, of course, who knows where any thoughts come from. But I think when you get your brain to quiet down from the constant chattering that goes on day after day, week after week, year after year, the mind gets cleared out. Its the same as my parents cleared-out house. When your brain is all clogged up with what youre going to do this afternoon, and what you have to pick up at the store, and maybe you have a headache a little bit, and youre kind of tired and wondering if you can go to bed early tonight, and youre thinking about how that guy cut you off when you were patiently waiting for a parking spot, and how youre pissed off that you had to pay taxes instead of getting a refund last year and that better not happen this year, you can see how it kind of clogs you up. I see things most people dont because I take some time every day to clear out all the junk and let in the fresh air. When I explained that concept to the one and only boyfriend I had in my life, he said, That must be why youre such an air head. That was the end of that.
Before I came to Central Avenue Church, I was working at a Silicon Valley high tech company. It was a good job and paid quite well, but I felt like I never saw the light of day. My cubicle was on an interior hallway and the only time I glimpsed the outside was when I went into my bosss office which had windows on two walls, or walked past a window on my way to the restroom. At lunch time I would go outside to a bench near the fountain that spilled into a round pool with a dark blue tiled bottom. I listened to the steadily splashing water, and felt the quietness of the grass and the palm trees, but I didnt like being locked up in that building the rest of the day. And I do mean locked up. You couldnt go from one building to another without passing your badge through a device to unlock the door. A uniformed guard sat in every lobby and security trucks patrolled the parking lots. I know its a scary world out there  shootings, and maybe they were worried about people walking in and seeing all their PowerPoint slides that outlined their plans for the next three years, but still.
I started looking on monster.com for jobs and I found this one. Very twenty-first century for this church to be using the internet to find an administrative assistant. That impressed me right away. Even though I didnt grow up with a computer, I have one now. I like computers and I love going on the internet. I like all the things you can find out. I have a laptop, a Mac, so I can go outside and enjoy the sunshine while I keep in touch with the whole world right in front of my eyes. Its amazing.
Pastor Joe sent me email when he read my resume, and asked me to come in for an interview. It was early April and pouring rain, so I wore a soft, pale gray dress and an almost matching gray sweater and black tights and boots. I left my hair down so I wouldnt call attention to my seven earrings in the right ear and four in my left. I shouldnt have been concerned. Pastor Joe is a cool guy. He met me at the door of the office wearing jeans and a pullover sweater. His hair is black and he has a mustache and a goatee and doesnt look at all like a preacher. To me, he looked more like a card shark. Not that Ive ever met one, but that was my first thought.
During the interview it became quite clear how much they needed me. Joe seemed like a guy who wanted to unburden himself. He told me a lot of things he probably shouldnt have, like how people come in for counseling and they might be cheating on their spouses, or stealing from their employers, or gambling, or using drugs on the sly. One or two might even be considering helping an elderly mother-in-law die  euthanasia, not murder  even though that kind of help is frowned on by the church. These people are desperate for Pastor Joe to tell them theyre not bad people. He mentioned its hard because he has to keep all this stuff to himself. He cant tell his wife the secrets that are spilled out behind the closed door of his office. It would be a breach of professional ethics. He said when he was in school, training to be a preacher, no one mentioned that part  the unending weight of all those secrets. Hes learned to live with it, but he cant have a member of the church sitting in that office, watching this stream of people and their secrets and their burdens progress in and out the doors, and then have them spreading gossip all over the place. Churches are hotbeds of gossip, he said.
Isnt gossip considered a sin or something? I smiled so he wouldnt think I was judging them.
He laughed, but it sounded almost a little bitter. Youre right, but its the hardest thing for people to avoid. Juicy secrets about others are the lifeblood of some people. You could think of them as emotional vampires.
I nodded, not really sure where he was going with this.
We were sitting in his office. Bookshelves covered three entire walls, from the thin brown carpet up to the off-white ceiling. The were crammed full of books from his high school years, college, and when he was studying at the seminary in New York state. I asked whether he had any books at home. He said the study in his house looked more or less the same as this office. The desk was pine, stained a funny pale yellow color. It consumed the whole corner of the room. He sat behind it with his chair pushed back and his ankle balanced on his knee. The light was dim which made his hair and his beard look darker, ominous. It almost scared me, being alone in that room with him, silence in the outer office because it was a Monday and no one was anywhere around a church on a Monday.
It was supposed to be his day off, but he came in for this interview because he was so anxious to get someone hired. Showing your cards like that, telling the candidate that youre desperate, didnt seem like a smart move to me, but he didnt seem to be aware of how that might come across, which made the slightly scared feeling fade to almost nothing. He was actually a little nave. At the time, I thought I could see how that might happen, spending most of your life hanging around a church, not noticing the realities of society. How wrong I was about that. After a while, observing the goings on at that church, I realized all the realities of the world were lined up in the pews every Sunday.
He said hed only been at this church two years. The youth minister had only been there for ten months. Before that, hed been at a church in New York for seventeen years. He showed me pictures of his four daughters. Looking at all their long, nearly black hair, just like his, and their dark blue eyes, just like his, the ominous feeling completely disappeared. I realized it wasnt something scary at all that I was feeling, but the burden of all those secrets. Years and years of people telling him things they wouldnt tell another soul, hoping he would ease their loneliness, shifting their guilt onto him. That was a lot for one person to carry.
In one corner near a window was a brown plaid sofa and in front of the desk was a stiff, tan armchair, where I sat. I wondered if all those people coming in with their soul-searing problems and crimes sat in this chair, or on the sofa. He mentioned these crimes repeatedly. I started to wonder what kind of people belonged to this church.
Why did you quit your last job? he said. Thats very impulsive, quitting before you have something else lined up.
I tucked my hair behind my ear, forgetting, for a moment, my string of earrings. But he didnt look like he even noticed. I felt trapped. Locked inside all the time.
Then why are you looking for a desk job?
I rested my fingertips on my dress, rubbing it softly, hoping he didnt notice, didnt think I was weird, rubbing my legs. But it helped me think, so I could explain myself clearly. I like organizing things, and I want to feel like Im necessary. At TDP I felt like a tiny wire in a computer closet full of machines and cords and plugs and blinking boxes. Half the people I worked with were on the other side of the country, or around the world. I only knew them in email and on the phone. I hate that. After awhile, you feel like your life isnt even real, that its just messages and voices without any flesh and blood people.
He nodded at me and his eyes got wider, as if Id surprised him.
While he was nodding, I considered what my options had been at TDP. In all likelihood it was only a matter of time before I lost my job anyway. They were always laying people off, delivering flattened white boxes that the ex-employees had to construct to carry out their stuff. Rejected children toddling off to their nice cars, probably worrying about how they would make the payments without those lucrative salaries. Thats why I always lived cheaply and saved everything I could. People are dispensable to large companies. Over the few years I worked there, lots of my admin friends got laid off. The company figured managers could book their own conference rooms, do their own expense reports. Having an administrative assistant was a luxury that was increasingly reserved for the guys, and the occasional gal, near the very top of the pyramid.
Everyone here is very much flesh and blood, said Joe. There isnt a lot of email. Parishioners will email information for the newsletter each month, but thats about it.
I smiled. It was perfect for me. I was sure he would see, if he hadnt already, that I was exactly what Central Avenue Church required  someone who liked people and wasnt trying to get ahead or take control, but simply wanted to do a good job. Someone who might loosen things up. Since Joe seemed like a somewhat tightly wound guy, I figured the rest of the members might take their cue from him. Trying to be good all the time can be quite exhausting. That might be why he had that crease at the center of his forehead and a tight look around his lower eyelids.
I leaned back and rested my elbows on the chair arms and crossed my legs. I swung my foot and waited for more questions. For several minutes the room was nearly silent. The fluorescent light hummed like a mosquito, and outside I heard raindrops plopping off the overhang, landing on the leaves of the ivy that surrounded the offices and grew up the side of the hill. The church is an odd design, with the sanctuary slightly above street level and this whole basement area with a few separate rooms  the reception area and Joes office at the front, a conference room, and two other offices built off the sides  and a huge empty space in between. Its not a complete basement, there are windows on two sides, but its below ground level so you look out at a small incline, and all you can see of people walking past are their feet and lower legs. Thats what made the room dim  not only the weak lights, but being more or less below ground like that.
Pastor Joe must have made his decision during those silent moments, because he started outlining more about the job. The hours were shorter than normal, just thirty-five hours a week. After working close to fifty hours a week in my high tech job, thirty-five hours sounded heavenly, if you dont mind the lame pun. My job, he actually said that, Your job will include ... Then he went on to list the various duties  answering the phone and taking messages for him when he was out visiting the elderly and the sick, giving information about activities at the church, as well as taking messages for the youth minister who was mainly responsible for keeping the teenagers entertained and off the streets. He actually said that too  off the streets.
They didnt want members of the church, or random people in the community who called for help, getting voice mail unless it was after hours. People should get a warm, human voice, even if all they wanted was to find out what time church services were on Sundays. Joe said Id be surprised at how often non-members contacted the church, not just about services, but desperate to talk to a spiritual person. I guess there are a lot of people in the world who want someone to tell them what to do. And if that person has the trappings of God around them, so much the better.
The responsibilities also included typing up the Sunday flyers listing the worship service agenda and prayer requests and editing the monthly newsletter. I also had some social responsibilities like making visitors feel comfortable, providing coffee, and helping with luncheons for the elderly.
Was it dishonest of me not to let him see that I have all those earrings, as well as vines tattooed around my ankles and down my left arm, and a thread of lady bugs across the back of my neck? I dont think so. He said he wanted someone who wasnt part of the group, and I certainly fit that bill. It wasnt as if I had a pierced lip or had dyed my hair purple. Over time, he never even seemed to notice my bodily decorations. The youth minister sure did though.
While I sat there, he phoned the youth minister, Kate, and said he wanted her to come into the office because hed found someone he wanted to hire. She said it was her day off. I could hear her voice, kind of screechy, as he held the receiver out from his ear a bit. He informed her that I was a perfect fit. That made me smile. She said he should have set it up ahead of time and it sounded like hed already made up his mind anyway, so what difference did it make whether she met me that day?
He hung up the phone and offered me the job. The salary he quoted was much less than Id been making, but Id expected that. Quality of life is better than money. I dont want to be one of those people who wakes up when Im fifty years old and realize Ive spent my whole life in a building, my whole life staring at a computer screen, my whole life at work. Theres this beautiful world full of trees and blue sky and rain and birds and perfect moments, like licking a mint chocolate chip ice cream cone, and watching people wander around the outdoor mall, not there to shop, but just to enjoy the benches and plants and warm air and the sounds of other human beings and feel connected to the rest of their community, even if they dont actually speak to each other as they pass by.
I didnt meet Pastor Kate until Thursday of that week, the first day I started working at the church. She was only the first of many of strange encounters I had in this new world  encounters with the living, the dead, and those in-between.

Two

WHEN I ARRIVED at eight-thirty on Thursday, April 14, for my first day in the new job, Pastor Joes white and black Miata wasnt in the gravel parking strip at the front of the church. There was one car  a champagne-colored Camry. I parked my Beetle a few feet away, grabbed my satchel that had my sandwich for lunch and my orange metal water bottle and hopped out of the car.
I trotted up the stairs from the front parking strip to the church grounds, then down the stairs to the offices. The rain from a few days earlier had moved on, and the sky was clear blue, but it was still chilly. The office door was unlocked, so I assumed the Camry belonged to Kate. Inside, it smelled like coffee and the furnace rumbled, although there wasnt much evidence of heat yet. I stashed my bag and saw that the computer on my desk was already turned on, and recently, because the screen saver wasnt activated. A blank spreadsheet was open, as if it was waiting for me to start working.
After I filled one of the mugs that was on the shelf below the coffee maker, I went through the door into the basement area. It was a large room that reminded me of a roller skating rink, although the ceiling was lower than youd expect for a room of that size. There were two offices, one to my left that was unoccupied, and one across the hall with the lights on. To my right was a conference room and at the far end was another door that led to the restrooms. Pastor Joe had shown it all to me after my interview, but I was struck again by the seemingly unplanned layout. The church had been built in the fifties and they were afraid of nuclear attacks back then, although I suppose we still should be, it just doesnt seem to be top of mind any more. Now we worry about planes getting blown up or the economy collapsing. They built a basement under the church, even though it wasnt a real basement. Maybe they wanted some kind of bomb shelter but they didnt have the will to follow through with that.
I walked across the open area. My heels echoed through the room and I wished Id turned on the lights. Even though light spilled out of Kates office, the place was still quite dark. The furnace was still blowing which made me feel as if I was in some kind of factory, cold and dark and full of subterranean rumbling. I shivered and stopped. I blew on my coffee and took a sip. Even though it was still too hot, it comforted me to have that strong, earthy-smelling liquid touch the end of my tongue. I started walking again and stopped in Pastor Kates doorway.
The office looked like a childs playroom. Kate had her back to the door so I had a moment to glance around the office. Posters of baby animals with Bible verses printed across the bottom edges covered the walls. Like Pastor Joes office, there were floor to ceiling book cases, although only two walls were lined with shelves, and between the shelves on the wall facing me, was a sliding glass door opening out to the ivy-covered incline. The shelves were full of books, but between the books were craft supplies  bottles of paint, jars containing brushes, a plastic bag full of modeling clay. A tambourine had a small section of its own.
Kate spun her chair around and half stood. You scared me, she said.
Her voice was too loud and my instinct was to step back. Instead, I walked into the office. You must be Kate. I held out my left hand since the coffee mug was in my right. Im Madison.
That room is big and dark and you should announce yourself instead of sneaking up on me.
I shifted the mug to my left hand. It warmed those fingers like it had my right hand. I blew on the surface of the coffee. I figured you knew I was coming because the outside door was unlocked.
She settled down in her chair and tilted it back. She had short blonde hair that looked almost white under the fluorescent lights, a head that was somewhat too small for her very curvy body, and fleshy shoulders that looked plump even through her cable-knit sweater. She wore jeans and clogs with wooden soles and lots of dark brown eye shadow, mascara, liquid foundation, and creamy blush which stood out quite sharply against that pale hair. It was all artfully done, but still quite startling.
She must have realized her greeting sounded rude because now she tried to smile, but it was too late, and the smile looked tired and not very genuine, so maybe she shouldnt have bothered.
Why dont you sit down and we can get to know each other. Unless Joe already gave you work you need to get started on right away.
He gave me a few things, but theres plenty of time. I sat in the chair facing her desk.
His work is always the first priority.
Sure.
Joe seemed quite anxious to hire you. Why dont you tell me about your background. I read your resume.
I sipped more coffee while I tried to think about how I should answer. Was she really thinking she was going to interview me after I already had the job? Or was she awkward and didnt know how to have a casual conversation? I decided to give her the benefit of the doubt, despite her harsh welcome. After all, most people dont intend to be rude or abrupt, they just dont think about how they sound.
As if shed read my mind, she gave the smile another shot, and this time it looked real. Why do you want to work in a church?
I want to go home at the end of the day and feel like my job matters. At TDP, I felt like part of a machine. If I didnt show up for work, another admin would step in and set up meetings, do the expense reports, and all those other things, and it wouldnt make any difference whether or not I ever came back. To be honest, most of the people in the group I worked for acted as if I was some kind of robot. They only wanted to get information from me, they didnt really think of me as a human being. After awhile, I felt like I didnt exist.
Kate looked down at her hands. She spread her fingers and stared at her palms as if she was trying to understand the direction of her own life. Without looking up, she said, But why do you want to work in a church?
Are you interviewing me? Because I already have the job, I said.
I know that. Im curious.
Why not work in a church?
Kate turned her chair and looked out the window, although what she saw out there, I cant say. The view was ivy, nothing more. This is a place for Gods work, and you seem more interested in how you feel.
Oh, I didnt get the impression that matters to Pastor Joe. He didnt say anything about God. Although, Im a very spiritual person, although I think its against the law to ask me about that.
I didnt ask. I was talking about God.
I meditate. And I think everyone is part of God. Even animals. If youve had a pet, you know they have souls. I didnt tell her I could sense peoples thoughts, even after theyre dead. No matter how thats worded, it sounds like Im saying I can read their minds, or that Im into weird psychic stuff. Its not reading their minds, knowing every phrase of specific thought, its a sense of knowing what theyre thinking about. Maybe more than reading minds, I read their hearts. I know how theyre feeling. Thats not meant to be arrogant, Im just explaining how it is.
We dont believe in animism here. What I meant about Gods work doesnt always have to do with the spiritual realm, however you perceive that, which is a bit off-base, I must say. What Im talking about is caring for people in tangible ways so they can know God cares for them.
I nodded. Sure. Although I think Im supposed to focus on doing administrative work.
Of course, said Kate. But part of that job is talking to people who have problems. Sometimes very big problems. And its greeting people with sensitivity.
Im very sensitive.
For example, one members daughter was murdered four or five years ago. Shes still grieving. And last summer her husband suddenly passed away. A stroke. A young man to have a stroke, he was only forty-two.
How sad. My throat tightened. I didnt know what to say, and I wasnt sure I could speak.
Are you prepared to meet people like that? There might be times, when theyre waiting to see Joe, that theyll end up talking to you. They can be very raw.
Okay.
Can you handle that? Can you keep your thoughts and opinions to yourself and just listen? Without trying to do the Pastors job? You sound like a very opinionated person.
I am. But I told you, Im also very sensitive. Very. That was my own hint to myself that I was more sensitive than shed ever imagine. It was far too subtle for her to pick up on, but it made me feel like the conversation was back in my control.
Kate smiled and I wasnt sure how to interpret her expression, but I was pretty sure it was a smile of disbelief.
I stood and lifted the mug to my mouth and slurped some coffee, which was now a more bearable temperature. The movement made my sleeve ride up my arm and I could feel her eyes burning into the tip of my vine tattoo. Her smile kind of sagged like it was sliding down her chin and dripping off her jaw.
I better get to work, I said. Maybe we can have lunch together soon and you can tell me more about what you expect. What Joe expects.
She smiled again, with less vigor this time. I have no idea what Joe expects.
As I walked back through the basement room, my heels tapped so loudly it felt like someone was walking around in my head. I wondered how this was going to work out. Kate and Joe clearly werent on the same page in terms of who they wanted running the office. Was she this snippy and pompous with Joe, or had she reserved that attitude for me? It wasnt like I was hired to teach religious classes or that anyone who came into the office would care one bit what I believed.
Behind my desk was a large window with the drapes pulled closed. I opened them to let in more light, then re-filled my mug. The mug was white with a gold crown on it. I wasnt sure if that crown was supposed to be about God, or if the cup had been a freebie at a Vegas casino. It could have gone either way.

Three

MY STOMACH WAS GROWLING by eleven-thirty, so I grabbed my sandwich and water bottle, and went outside and up the stairs. I walked around the church grounds looking for a place to eat. Kate had gone out at eleven, saying she would be back about three or so. It was a little cold, but I had my wool coat with me which would keep my butt warm, if I could find a place to sit.
Twelve rose bushes, the kind that are like small trees, lined one side of the path that led from the top of the stairs to the other two buildings. A few of the houses that Id passed on the way to work had rose bushes, and one of my neighbors had a few in pots on her deck. All of them were covered with blooms  fifteen or twenty, at least  but the church shrubs only had three or four tightly closed buds on each rose tree, the rest were the pods with a few wilted petals hanging sadly to the side, which the gardener was snipping off. It struck me that he was a little late in pruning them since nearly all the petals were gone.
I shoved my sandwich back into my bag and stopped a few feet from where the gardener was working. After spending all morning alone in the office, I was feeling somewhat batty from talking only to myself. Kate hadnt come out of her office until she left. Apparently Pastor Joe wouldnt be in until the afternoon.
Hi, I said. Im Madison.
The gardener straightened slowly, stiff from bending over even that little bit. He looked about seventy years old, with longish, curly gray hair, and very blue eyes. The kind of eyes that look like they come from another world, pale and yet not so washed out that they made him look crazy, but really clear. He pulled off one of his gloves and shook my hand.
Im the new administrative assistant.
Fred.
Nice to meet you, Fred. Isnt it cold working out here?
Needs to be done. He squatted and scooped up the dead blossoms out of the dirt bowls around the shrubs and tossed them into a plastic trashcan that stood on the path. But it is chilly, the coldest April I remember in a long time.
Do you take a lunch break, Fred? I wouldnt mind some company.
Nah. My wife lets me come home. She heats up soup for us. Its easier than packing it and transporting it here. But I could use a smoke. He stood and looked at me again. You probably dont like smoke. Kate says it stinks up the place, and I should keep my dirty habit at home. If the kids see me, Im setting a bad example. She thinks I shouldnt be allowed to smoke anywhere on the property. Do you mind? He walked over to the building that was a wing of classrooms and stopped near the open door to a large closet where the garden tools were stored.
His question was like a punch in my gut. Ive been trying to quit smoking for three years now. Everyone at TDP hated that I smoked. Hardly any of them did, maybe one percent of the employees, maybe less. It was as if they worked in such dust-free, climate-controlled buildings, they couldnt contaminate themselves with tobacco or ash or even sulfur on their fingertips from matches. They were a really clean bunch of people.
I was down to three cigarettes a day. I rationed them  one with my morning coffee while I sat on the back deck of my condo, one after work, and one right before bed time. It was working quite well, but I couldnt yet bring myself to cut further. The thought of a cigarette right now was enticing, because, after all, thats part of what makes a person start smoking to begin with. Its the whole social atmosphere, that sense you get of relaxing, slowing down your brain and your hands. Drifting, smoke flowing into your lungs and out again, floating up into the sky. The companionship of doing it with someone else is beyond compare. Even if youre not talking, just standing there watching the end of the cigarette glow, tasting the smoke, blowing it out in long, smooth streams, and feeling that rhythmic connection with another person. Im sure its why indigenous people smoked peace pipes. It helps break down the walls between people. Especially nowadays when smokers are shunned. Were like the village outcasts they used to have back in the middle ages, or the eighteen hundreds, or whenever. Shut out of buildings, locked into narrow corridors. Smokers freeze when the others are tucked inside a warm building; or sweat when others are enjoying the air conditioning. Passersby give us dirty looks, downright mean, snarly looks. Some even cluck their tongues in disgust or go into these exaggerated, fake coughing fits. Its quite funny, but also can be a little bit hurtful. No one wants to be shunned, even if they know they should stop what theyre doing. Sometimes there are too many good reasons to keep on doing what youre doing, even when its harmful.
Can I have one? I said.
A cigarette?
Yes.
You smoke? A young kid like you? Its not good for you.
I laughed, and he laughed too, until he started coughing. Sure, hon. He pulled the pack, a red and white Marlboro box, out of his pocket. He opened the top and let two pure white sticks, soft skin like linen, slide out as if one had my name on it. He handed it to me and lit both of them with matches instead of a lighter. I liked him for that  the matches, not the act of lighting my cigarette.
After three slow puffs, he leaned against the corner of the building. If Pastor Kate sees us, shell harp at me that Im corrupting you.
I cant be corrupted.
Because you already are? said Fred.
If he wasnt so old, I would have thought he was flirting with me. This is what I love about old people. Its like they turn back into themselves, no longer caring what people think, just relaxed and going with the flow, like theyre kids again. Maybe thats why kids and old people tend to get along. Not all of them, but quite a few. Its all the people in the middle who are kind of messed up. I dont believe in corruption, I said.
Hows that work? What about right and wrong?
Is corruption the same as right and wrong? I dont know. But I dont think anyone can be corrupt. That makes it sound like there are bad people and I dont think there are.
There most certainly are, said Fred.
Even though people might joke about it, like enticing someone to drink or smoke or whatever. You cant really change another person, I said. And no ones bad, even if they make mistakes.
I wasnt just talking about smoking. What about stealing? Cheating? Hurting kids? Murder?
Usually theres a reason.
So you think its okay if someone sells drugs and kids end up dying from using?
I didnt say everything is okay. But its a long way from not okay to corrupt. Theres always a reason and its often a pretty good one.
Like what?
I dont know. Maybe someone cant find a job.
What they sell hurts other people, said Fred. A lot. Even though there was still quite a bit left, he dropped his cigarette on the ground. He stomped on it so hard, twisting his boot back and forth, it looked like he was killing a tarantula.
I guess we werent connecting through the common bond of smoke after all. I wished he could understand, or that I could explain better. I just dont think anyone is all bad. That would mean they were born bad, and how can that be? When has anyone ever seen a tiny, soft, doe-eyed baby with perfect fingers and toes and tiny fingernails and thought, that person inside those clear eyes, staring around at the world, is bad. It doesnt make sense. Im not explaining it very well, I said. I only know theres almost always a reason people do things. Not almost. There always is.
Youre wrong, he said. When you know someone whos been corrupted, you might view it a little differently.
I dont think so, I said.
Do Pastor Joe and Pastor Kate know about this belief system of yours?
I took one last puff and dropped my cigarette and twisted my toe on it to put it out. I bent down and picked up both cigarettes.
You can drop those back down, said Fred. Ill sweep them up.
I no longer felt hungry, so I decided Id eat my sandwich for an afternoon snack. I didnt want to walk away and leave Fred annoyed after our first meeting.
Youre a strange one, he said.
I guess I am.
Have time for one more?
One more would make me close to doubling what I was allowing myself. Five cigarettes in one day, heading in the wrong direction. I supposed I could skip my after work one, but I had been waiting weeks to psych myself up to take that step. I wasnt ready to do it right on the spur of the moment like this. Still, I didnt want to leave Fred, not having completed our conversation. Maybe I could make it more clear what I meant about corruption. Although it wouldnt be the first time someone failed to understand what I was saying or agree with my point of view.
He handed me a fresh smoke and the matches. I lit my cigarette. The sun was getting brighter and the dampness on the pavement was disappearing, leaving it gray and chalky-looking.
Fred stuffed the matches in the pocket of his jeans and walked across to the rose bushes. He put his cigarette between his teeth and waved his arm across the top of the first rose bush. Doesnt this look strange to you?
Whats strange? They look very healthy. You must take good care of them. Although youd think there would be more roses at this time of year.
He nodded. He sucked on his cigarette then pulled it out of his mouth. Someone is cutting them. Snipping off the blossoms. I found six partially opened buds lying on the ground today.
Maybe someone took the others for table decorations. I walked over to where he was standing. Now that I was closer, I could see they must have been covered with blooms because there were quite a lot of stems that showed theyd been recently cut. The empty stems were mangled at the top, as if theyd been chewed by an animal. The pods Fred had trimmed were clipped smooth.
Why would they leave half of them on the ground? And some of the petals are torn off the pods.
Then what do you think happened?
There are kids that hang out here at night. Smoking pot. I found the stub of a joint more than once. He nodded his head toward the back of the property. There was a small grove of pine trees with a concrete bench nestled in the middle. They sit back there.
And you think theyre cutting the roses? Why would they do that?
He shrugged. Pure malice. Corrupt. See what I mean?
I wasnt sure about that. If kids come here to smoke pot, I dont think theyd bring pruning shears with them.
Theres no other explanation, he said.
I was pretty confident there had to be another explanation.
I didnt just find the ends of their joints. I was here at night once. The roses needed to be sprayed and Id forgotten to do it before the sun was overhead, so I came back at night. I saw them hanging around back there.
I dropped my cigarette on the ground and stomped it out. I was getting light-headed and didnt want to go back to work feeling sick. Did you see them cut the roses?
He shook his head. I know its them. Two guys and a girl. It was the girl.
How do you know that?
She loves the roses.
Do you know her?
Not really.
Then how 
Its a shame to see them damaged, cut off for no reason, left on the ground. And they belong to the church.
Did you tell Pastor Joe?
I told Kate. She wasnt really concerned. She thinks Im a crazy old guy who reads too much into things.
Are you?
He laughed. Most people wouldnt ask that question.
Well are you?
He straightened his back and adjusted his jacket on his thin shoulders. I am not. And Kate should have been worried about who these people are. If a bunch of partiers get too comfortable here, who knows what might happen.
Im sure shes happy that youre looking out for the place. Maybe you should tell Pastor Joe too.
Kate came close to laughing in my face. Told me Im seeing things. He shoved his hands in his pockets and looked down. He nudged my cigarette butt with the toe of his boot.
I better get back to work, I said.
Sure. He tried to smile, but it looked more like a sneer. I dont think he meant it for me. He was thinking about his concerns being ignored. It wasnt good for an old guy like him to be here alone at night. I wondered who the kids were, if they were from Kates youth group, maybe just kids sneaking out to party. Or maybe no one at all.

Four

BY THREE OCLOCK that day I was beginning to wonder if Pastor Joe was ever going to show up. How long could hospital visits take? But then, what did I know about ministers and their schedules and sick people? Not much. Nothing, actually.
At three-thirty the phone rang. The first call all day. It was Joe telling me that someone had given birth and the baby was having trouble breathing so hed be spending the rest of the afternoon with the family. Hed see me the next day to go over my work. He didnt even ask whether Id met Kate. I suppose fear for the baby made him forget all about that kind of trivial detail, although he still seemed concerned that it was my first day and didnt want me to feel as if I was getting ignored by my boss. I assured him I didnt feel ignored. Kate had returned earlier when I was in the bathroom. When I walked past her office, she was on the phone and didnt look up as I went by.
A few minutes after I finished talking to Joe, I was eating my sandwich when Kate appeared in the doorway. Shed slipped off her clogs. Her stocking feet hadnt caused even the whisper of a footstep as she walked across that expanse of linoleum, the hard tiles from the fifties, not the fluffy flexible stuff they have today. I shivered a little. I almost wondered if she was sneaking up on me, walking quietly on purpose, thinking she would catch me doing something I shouldnt be doing. But what, exactly, would that be, in a church office? Surfing the web for porn? I dont think so. Digging through the cabinets for missed cash from the offering plates?
Why are you eating now? Didnt you take a lunch break? She stepped back out through the doorway and waved her hand. It smells like smoke. Was Fred in here?
I took a bite of my tomato and cheese sandwich and enjoyed the yummy goodness of soft mozzarella and the sweet, juicy tomato. It worked, because Kate didnt ask more about the smell of smoke, and took my non-answer to be logistics over eating rather than rudeness. I think.
Have you met Fred? said Kate.
Yes. Hes a nice guy. He seems to love the garden.
She laughed. He thinks its an extension of his back yard. Hes too territorial.
Why do you say that?
The way he fusses over the roses, acts like they belong to him. Has a fit if anyone wants to cut some and put them in a vase for a lunch or potluck supper.
I took another bite of my sandwich and chewed slowly so I wouldnt have to respond.
He imagines things. He might be getting too old to handle this much property. Its a lot of work for one guy. We should probably think about hiring a service, although thats pricy.
He seems like hes in good shape for his age.
Kate leaned against the door frame. She ran her finger along her chin as if she was checking to be sure her makeup was properly blended against her skin. He thinks people hang around at night, smoking pot. He thinks we should have police patrols and hidden cameras.
Really?
He hasnt said that, but he hints around about it. Worrying about the roses getting damaged. She walked into the office and settled on one of the armchairs facing my desk. There were two of them, with a table in between. A wood carving of a baby seal sat on the table. Kate stroked the seals back. I think hes getting paranoid. His wife chases him out of the house to putter around here six days a week and I dont know if she even notices how he is.
I couldnt tell if Kate was being cruel or if she was really concerned. The way she was holding and rubbing that baby seal seemed quite tender, but the impression she left me with earlier that morning was not one of tenderness or concern for anyone. That morning shed struck me as a person too caught up in her own head, her own agenda, whatever that might be.
He seemed fine to me. Worried about people loitering, thats all. There do seem to be a lot of missing roses. You cant call that paranoid.
The cameras are too much. He needs to relax. No ones deliberately destroying or stealing roses. And if they are, it isnt his responsibility.
I wondered what she was getting at. Why was she suddenly so friendly, sitting here talking to me? Maybe she got lonely, back there on the other side of that dark room, all by herself. When she had events with the childrens groups, or the teenagers, it was probably fine, but maybe she wanted adult conversation. If Pastor Joe was out like this a lot, it must be weird being in this empty, underground building by herself, with a church sanctuary hanging over her head.
What kind of things do you work on? I said. I laid the rest of my sandwich on the plastic it had been wrapped in. Pastor Joe told me some, but he didnt give very many details.
He probably doesnt know the details. Her voice was sharp, louder than it had been and she put the seal back on the table.
Why dont you tell me?
She ran through a whole list of things  day camps in the summer, junior high bowling teams, high school basketball games, arts and crafts classes, and even a book club for teenaged girls. They were thinking about maybe starting after school day care.
While she talked, the hard lines alongside her nose seemed to smooth out into the rest of her skin. Her voice sounded almost melodic, instead of reminding me of aluminum cans being crushed, as it had earlier.
Would you run the day care all by yourself? Or hire more people? I knew the answer, but wanted to keep her talking, wanted her to be this nice, energized, interesting Kate, not the woman Id met earlier who acted as if she preferred a clone of herself managing the church office. Not the woman who had such a harsh attitude toward a nice old man who did an awesome job keeping the church gardens looking like a park.
It would be great to make it free, or nearly free, she said. Help people out. Thats what were here for. But if there were more than four or five kids, wed have to hire staff.
I finished the last of my sandwich, wadded up the plastic wrap, and stuffed it in the trash can under my desk. I opened my water bottle and took a long swallow. Back to Fred, I said. You dont think hell come here at night, do you? That could be dangerous. Depending on whos hanging around out there.
Why would he come here at night?
He was here once before at night and he saw them. He just didnt speak to them. If you dont take his concerns seriously, he might do something risky.
Kate stood. Dont start butting in on your first day. You dont know any of these people or anything about the situation.
I almost fell off my chair, which isnt hard to do with the smallish seat and the wheels that spin wildly in whatever direction they choose. Where had that come from? I thought we were having a nice conversation and now she acted like I didnt even belong here. Like asking a simple question to help an old guy who was obviously worried was none of my business? What the hell?
Im not saying I know anything about the situation. Im just telling you that Fred is upset. He might be old, but hes full of fire. I can see him coming here at night. Hes sure theyre cutting the roses, and I dont want to see him get beaten up or something.
Dont worry about it.
What if he decides to confront them?
Confront who? We dont even know theres anyone hanging around. Because he thinks he saw some kids smoking pot? He doesnt wear his glasses when he works in the garden. Its not even definite that he saw anything at all.
Why was she getting so hot about it? I felt like she thought I was prying and all I wanted to do was make sure Fred was safe. I didnt get this woman at all and I sure didnt understand why she was so hostile. Youd think I was trying to tell her how to do her job, or give her advice on romantic matters. I looked at her hand. No ring. From the thin line on one side of her lips, she looked to be about forty. Maybe she was one of those women feeling like her life was slipping through her fingers and she wasnt sure she would get what she wanted. Not every woman has to be married, and maybe she had a boyfriend, or a girlfriend, how would I know. Its just that disappointment seemed to be oozing out of her skin like sweat in August, and no matter how much she tried to plug up one leak, the sourness seeped up in another spot she hadnt been paying attention to.
I dont mean to stereotype Kate, or make it sound as if shes some caricature of a spinster, like that kind of woman even exists any more. This is the twenty-first century. Im single, and I love it. But I know that at some point I want to meet my soul mate, and after that, Ill want to settle down and get all nested, probably have babies, although I dont think about that too much, it seems so huge. Most people want someone, and I couldnt believe Kate was any different. And Ive noticed that when people dont have someone, or theyre no longer pleased with the one they did get, if the person didnt measure up to what they thought they expected, they can get really snarly. Really snarly. They act as if nothings right with the world and they want everyone else to be as frustrated and lonely as they are. This sounds really backwards, like Im some gal from the 1800s who thinks a woman needs a man. Its not that a woman does, its that if she wants one and doesnt have one, or even if she wants another woman and cant admit that, then shes just not happy. I suppose it all comes down to not getting what we want. Its not only about love or companionship, but being deprived of what we want. All of us can get quite snarly when were deprived. I know I can.
I decided to end the conversation. I wasnt interested in swallowing her BS that I was inserting myself where I didnt belong. All I did was express a simple concern for a man who gave all his energy to keep her church looking beautiful. Well Freds concerned, I said. And I think its disrespectful not to listen to him and I hope nothing happens.
Dont be an alarmist, said Kate. Besides, the whole reason Joe hired you is to be an outsider and not get yourself involved in issues here, so stay out of it.
I smiled. Grinned, really.
She glared at me, not sure what to make of my smile, probably wondering if shed over-stepped a bit and now shed made me want to poke my nose in more since shed over-reacted. Did she see that? She had to be aware that she sounded both completely heartless toward an old man that she was supposed to love as a fellow member of the human race  at least thats what her church would advise  but she was also sounding somewhat careless. You dont ignore threats to your property and write if off as an old mans over-attachment to his job and his poor eyesight.
Im glad you agree with me, she said.
I kept smiling but now I was really confused. Clearly Kate saw only what she wanted, and not arguing must mean, in her world, that I agreed Id been an alarmist and that Fred was blind.

Five

THE NEXT TIME I SAW Fred, the weather was that kind of soft sunny type that makes you love the spring, and especially love the spring in the San Francisco Bay Area because its so pleasant its almost like summer, but still comfortable. The air is fresh and clean-smelling, not that smoggy dry odor you get in July and August.
I was wearing my favorite boots that reach just above my ankles, made of soft leather that collapses down and leaves plenty of room for me to tuck in my jeans. By now I knew that Joe and Kate wore very casual clothes most of the time  jeans and sweaters. At the same time, I still looked professional in my jeans because I topped them with a really nice red tunic with cap sleeves so I wouldnt be too hot later in the day, and matching red earrings shaped like hooks. I was almost she same color as the petals on the rose bushes that lined the path from the sanctuary to the other buildings.
Fred stood near the roses where the path splits off in two directions, one branch leading to the fellowship hall and the building with the classrooms, and the other to the small grove of trees and the concrete bench designed for contemplation.
A woman Id never seen before, which wasnt surprising since Id only met four or five church members at this point, stood about ten feet away from Fred. She had pure white hair wound up into an elaborate bun at the base of her skull. The bun was so large, full of twists and turns, I was sure her hair went well past the middle of her back. It was that silky white, like the fur of a cat, that makes you want to stroke its softness. Maybe all white hair is that way, its gray hair that you think will be stiff and wiry, although it isnt always. Of course that made me want to stroke Freds hair, just to get a comparison to see if I was right about the texture, but I shook off that weird thought.
The woman was very slender, her body like a dancers. She wore a short-ish coffee-colored skirt and a white top and a tight-fitting jacket that matched the skirt. Her heels were about three inches high and she had long red fingernails. Despite the pure white hair, she looked like she was only in her early forties. She leaned slightly toward Fred, talking in a way that the movement of her lips contorted the skin around her nose and forehead. Fred glared right back at her. He said something, and she stomped her foot like a two-year-old. I walked closer, extremely curious to know what was going on, and worried that Fred might have a stroke or something, his face was so dark with blood it was almost purple. I could hear their voices biting at each other and I worried both of them might drop from a stroke right there and Id be left with two writhing bodies on my hands, or two dead bodies, for all I knew.
The woman was almost shouting at him now. Dont make excuses. Its your responsibility.
Im not making excuses and Im damn tired of you blaming everything on me.
I stopped. Neither one of them appeared to notice I was there, much less listening to their argument.
These are prize-winning caliber. Theyre meant to be a tribute. People from the community drive past and admire them. You should be thinking of them as a way to attract new members. If we dont get more contributions coming in here, you wont have a job.
Im not here for the money.
Fred was almost shouting now. I stepped closer, only about four feet away. The woman turned. Her whole face twitched, as if she hadnt noticed me at all and Id crept up and whispered, Boo.
Can I help you, Miss?
I stuck out my hand. Im Madison.
She stepped back. I let my arm fall to my side.
What can I do for you, Mattiss?
Madison.
What?
My name is Madison. I dont need anything, I wanted to introduce myself.
She stared at me. Well, she sort of stared at me. She didnt seem to really see me, but looked through my eyes, right through my head and out to some place far past me. It was such a strong feeling that I almost turned to see what she was looking at.
Im the new administrative assistant.
She nodded but didnt smile.
You sound so upset. Whats wrong? I said.
The woman ran her fingers down the bone of her forearm, then tugged at the cuff of her jacket. She tried again to smile. Im Jan Waverly. Thank you for your interest, but we dont need any help.
I wasnt offering to help with anything. I was concerned. I turned toward Fred. Are you okay?
Shes blaming me for the damage. He gestured toward the ground.
I looked down. Red petals were scattered across the weed-free soil, like fat puddles of blood. I looked closer and saw that the seed pods from about half of the few remaining roses had shreds of torn petals stuck to them. The petals on the ground hadnt fallen in the normal cycle of a blossom fading and dropping its petals, theyd been torn off like skin ripped off a piece of chicken.
Its those people who hang around here at night. Smoking dope.
No one hangs around here. Not now. No one is smoking anything, except you and those filthy cigarettes.
I shivered slightly at this. Guilt over my own smoking, maybe? Or the sheer force of the venom in her tone? I almost expected her to start hissing.
Well I didnt steal all the blooms and I didnt tear up those petals. I think its those kids.
Jan lurched toward him. Youre imagining things.
I saw them.
She grabbed the front of his shirt and twisted it. You didnt see anything.
He pried her fingers off his shirt and pushed her. Leave me alone. Im doing the best I can. I might be old, but Im not blind. I saw those two boys. And the girl. Druggies. Losers. Frying their brains.
Jan raised her hand. Her fingernail polish glittered in the sunlight. She slapped his cheek.
Whyd you do that? I shouted.
Fred didnt get mad. He clicked his tongue against the back of his teeth, turned, and stomped off toward the large closet where the garden tools were stored.
Jean shouted after him. Come back here!
Why did you hit him? I was almost crying.
Hes a lazy old man. I donated these roses to the church and I pay to have them properly cared for. And now theyre destroyed.
She looked like she was about to cry herself. I think my mouth was hanging open because she clenched her jaw like she thought it might force my mouth closed. You know, that thing where you do something hoping the other person will mimic you? Like when they have mustard on their lips and you lick your own, thinking theyll do the same.
Theres no reason to hit him. And hes not lazy.
What do you know? Youre new here and you know nothing about the history of this situation.
Why dont you tell me.
She stepped back suddenly, apparently surprised that I didnt shut my mouth and scuttle off to my underground cave. Her heel slipped off the concrete into the dirt area and she stumbled. She grabbed at the bush and of course, wound up with a fist full of thorns. Surprisingly, she didnt cry out or whimper. She simply opened her palm, displaying bright red lines running across her pale skin. Look what you did.
Im sorry you hurt yourself.
She took my meaning. She lifted her palm to her face and lapped at the scratches, like a dog licking its wound. Then she let her arm fall to her side, not seeming to care whether she streaked blood across that beautiful silk skirt.
You should put some ointment on that, I said.
Its nothing. Ill look after it in a minute.
She stepped back onto the concrete and took a deep breath, obviously preparing to tell me something important.
These roses are a memorial. When my  her shoulders began to shake. Her whole body trembled and then she drew herself up, stiff and suddenly motionless. Before my husband passed on to join our daughter in paradise, he wanted to make sure no one ever forgot her. She loved roses from the time she was a toddler. David was teaching her to care for ours when she  Jan took another long, deep breath. Her voice got hard, loud. He had already set aside money so we could donate all of this. I advised that we should have an expert hired to tend them properly, but no. Fred thought he knew it all and he could take care of them just fine. But he acts as if theyre his! And I know hes cutting off all the blooms, and now hes tearing them just to hurt me. She was shouting again.
Im not often at a loss for words, but I really didnt know what to say. If she didnt look so upset, Id have laughed. Not at her loss, but at her twisted view. I actually started to and had to bite my lip to stop myself. It sounded to me as if she thought the roses belonged to her. Why was everyone so damn upset about Fred taking personal pride in his work? She and Kate seemed to be somewhat unglued over the fact that he behaved as if the garden belonged to him. Well surely he didnt think he actually owned any of this. He cared about keeping it nice, thats all. Since when was that a bad thing? Im sure he doesnt think theyre actually his.
Youd never know it from the way he behaves. He complained because I cut three small blossoms to take home for my dining room table.
Twice in five minutes I didnt know what to say. Who was being territorial here? She thought because she paid for the roses, she got to cut them and take them home?
You cut the church roses and take them to your house?
She looked genuinely surprised. I bought them.
But they belong to the church.
In one sense.
What do you mean, in one sense? You gave them to the church as a memorial. For your daughter. You just told me that.
Youre a very argumentative girl. Does Pastor Joe know that?
I shrugged. I was probably stepping way over my boundaries. But I was still upset. She slapped him! And why hadnt he done anything about that? I suppose it was none of my business, but how could I say nothing? This woman was bat shit crazy, acting as if she could donate roses but still retain full ownership. Where did she get off thinking she could control the church property? And Fred, for that matter. Did she really think Fred destroyed the roses he cared so much about? It made no sense and she clearly wasnt thinking logically, so I felt sort of compelled to point that out to her, whether I was supposed to be an impartial office assistant or not. If Fred acts like the roses are his, why would he destroy them like this? I pointed my toe at one of the torn petals.
To hurt me.
I think youre a little over-emotional about these roses. I put my hand on her arm. Dont get upset. Im not trying to be cruel, but youre taking your grief out on Fred. Youre acting as if your daughters soul is living in the roses.
She yanked her arm away from my fingers. Thats ridiculous. My daughter has been gone for five years. Shes singing praises in heaven. They both are.
Yes. I didnt mean shes actually in the roses. I think youre putting all your grief into this situation, and theyre not really related. Fred loves these roses and hes taking care of them exactly like you wanted.
Half the blossoms are gone. Rose bushes at this time of year should be covered with blooms.
But he didnt do that. He wouldnt.
Someone did, she said. She folded her arms and turned. As she walked along the path, her heels tapped on the concrete.
I thought shed turn and shout back over her shoulder that I should mind my own business, or that I didnt understand, or that I didnt really know Fred. But she didnt do any of that. She just walked away. Even though I was angry at her for the way she treated Fred, and her rudeness to me, underneath it all I could feel something else  utter, endless pain. She dismissed me, but I was right. She really had poured everything she had left, which wasnt much, into those roses. Maybe her loud voice and her attitude that she could do as she pleased was how she tried to keep her pain under control. She disappeared around the front of the church, but I still felt her presence around the rose bushes, all her pain and rage and hopeless effort to get back what shed lost. I bent over as tears pressed hard against the backs of my eyeballs. For a few seconds, it was difficult to breathe.
A moment later, as if hed been listening and knew Jan was gone, Fred popped out of the storage room. He waved at me but didnt come back over to where I was standing.
I stood there, not knowing what to do. A torn piece of petal drifted across the toe of my boot. The other petals moved slightly in the dirt beneath the shrubs, even though I couldnt feel the breeze that was shifting them around. My arms got cold, so there must have been a breeze, I was just to numb to feel it.

Six

AFTER THAT, I DECIDED to really insert myself where I didnt belong. It seemed odd that Fred was so insistent that kids were hanging around at night, smoking pot and tearing up roses, while Kate and Jan were adamant that he was seeing things. Was Fred delusional? Maybe there was some history that I wasnt aware of. Whatever was going on, Im a very curious person. In fact, I dont think its over-stating to say Im consumed with curiosity. If something doesnt add up, I have to know more. I would come by at night to observe for myself.
Spring weather can be uncertain, so I brought gloves and a knit hat that my mother made for me when I was twelve, but it still fits. The hat is goofy. Its purple with a long braid of yarn that dangles down my back. I have no idea why I wanted it so badly, but she was knitting the hat with a tassel in the pattern and I begged her to change it to a braid. I was a weird kid. I guess I still am a little weird, but in a good way. If someone cant appreciate my weirdness, then thats okay with me. I cant be anyone different from who I am.
There was no way of knowing what time these kids might show up. It had to be well into the evening, after the traffic around the neighborhood had evaporated to nothing, so I figured ten or eleven oclock at the earliest. I didnt want to ask Fed what time hed been there at night because I didnt want him to know what I was up to. I was prepared to wait for awhile. I had a thermos of hot chocolate and a plastic bag full of extremely fat green grapes, and some roasted peanuts, to satisfy the salty craving that was sure to come as I got tired of sitting in the dark. Reading a magazine or a book was out of the question, and I wasnt sure I wanted to listen to my iPod. If they hung out by the back fence and I had plugs in my ears, there was a chance of missing them entirely. But the thought of sitting there in a little alcove on the church steps, tucked around near the double doors with nothing to do for potentially two or three hours, maybe more, was somewhat intimidating. The more I thought about what I could do to occupy the time, the more I had to discard every single idea. There was nothing to do but sit.
So, I decided to view it as a lengthy meditation session. Ive meditated for an hour before, but let me tell you, its rough going. Thats a long time to sit still with nothing to entertain you but your breath. The awareness that you cant stop your crazy mind from introducing thoughts for more than fifteen seconds at a time is quite humbling. It goes like this  take a breath, let it out slowly, take a breath and suddenly my mind says, my back itches, or I need to water my orchid. Then its off and running to a whole bunch of other stuff. After a bit of these random, pointless thoughts, I suddenly wake up to whats happening inside my head. Then I have to gently carry my mind back to noticing my breathing.
Sitting alone in the dark for a few hours might be interesting. I was somewhat scared. Not of who I might run into, but of my own impatience. I suppose having snacks while I faced this three-hour meditation experiment was kind of cheating, but I think any kind of spiritual endeavor goes much better if a person is realistic and practical.
Underneath my yoga pants, I wore tights so I would be as warm as possible. I brought a thick wool blanket and a pillow. Three hours on concrete is a long time. Of course, maybe I would be lucky and theyd show up ten minutes after I hunkered down, and then all my prep would be for nothing. Still, better to be safe than sorry, as they say. I wore a fleece jacket that goes past my hips and my goofy hat, and lace-up ankle-high boots, and a turtleneck shirt and a scarf. There was a chance I would be too warm.
The sky was clear, dotted with stars glittering like they wanted to say Hi, making me feel the world is a welcoming place. The moon was about three quarters full. I left my car down the street, parked in front of a house that had no lights on. The front yard was surrounded by shrubs that were taller than I am. There are no sidewalks in this area, just hard-packed dirt and gravel that serves as a sidewalk, so its easy to park without the car hanging out into the street.
It was five minutes to ten when I got out of the car. The grapes and peanuts and thermos were all in a canvas bag that dangled from my right arm, and I had the blanket and pillow tucked under my left. The most worrisome thing was whether I would have time to settle into my alcove before anyone saw me.
The street was deserted as I walked the half block to the church, passing four houses. All but one were as dark as the house where Id parked. The soles of my boots crunched on the gravel. Once I hit the concrete path, my feet whispered on the ground as I hurried past the rose trees and up the steps to the sanctuary doors. I slid myself into the space behind the half wall that would help keep me warm, spread out my blanket and put the pillow on top. I settled down with my legs crossed at the shins, and felt quite cozy because the blanket and pillow had absorbed some warm air from the car heater.
With my hands tucked into my pockets, I straightened my back, closed my eyes and took a long, slow breath. I hoped I was up for this, but more than that, I hoped that if these kids actually existed, they would show up soon. Preferably tonight.
I have no idea what time it was when I heard something like voices, but not. It was disembodied, a male and female voice floating among the tops of the trees. The sound drifted over me as if it was part of my dream and I realized Id fallen asleep. Then the sound stopped and I wasnt sure Id heard anything at all. The pressure of my crossed legs and the cold that was seeping through the blanket had caused my left foot to go numb. As I uncrossed my ankles, my foot throbbed and tingled like glass shards stabbing at my skin. I wanted to stand. Sitting in the corner, although they had no idea I was there, had no way of seeing me, made me feel vulnerable. But I couldnt walk without that fuzzy pain shooting up my leg. I moved onto my knees and then stood, but kept the pressure off my left foot so the blood could return slowly.
After a few minutes, my foot was functioning again. I folded the blanket into a bundle and shoved it and the pillow and my bag of food into the corner so I wouldnt be encumbered in case they threatened me and I had to run. I could always come back to get my supplies the next day.
I stepped out of my hiding place onto the church steps and tried to peer through the darkness. A single light was attached to the overhang in front of the sanctuary doors. Those small garden pathway lights were placed along where the rose trees were planted, but they were too dim to reveal much. I waited for my eyes to adjust, although it only took a moment or two since the moon was bright, and theres that constant glow of ambient light across the sky. Its never completely dark when youre around a large metropolitan or suburban area. All those lights, all gathering together and reaching into the atmosphere as if they want to erase the idea of darkness altogether.
Slowly, pausing with both feet on each step, I made my way down. My eyes had adapted enough that I could see two forms standing in the grove of trees. The one I assumed was a girl because she was significantly shorter than the other figure, although they were so shadowy it was hard to tell, had a joint pinched between her fingers. At least I think it was a joint, thats how she held it. I sniffed and thought I smelled pot, but wasnt quite sure. The guy bent over and brushed debris off the concrete bench. He stepped back and the girl sat down, glided to one side, and he sat next to her. He put his arm around her waist and she held the joint out to her left and leaned her head against the hollow of his shoulder.
Seeing them leaning into each other forced me to pause on the bottom step. The absolute tenderness of it buckled my knees. Her head was almost swallowed by the bulk of his shoulder, and she looked so collapsed into him, as if he were her sanctuary, as if nothing else mattered but his arm holding her close to his side, not the cold night air, or the chance of getting caught smoking pot, or the hard surface of the ancient-looking bench. For several long minutes, far too long, I wanted to be where she was, sitting under that protective arm, drifting in a haze of altered brain cells, warm and forgetful of the entire world.
Im not sure how long I stood watching them. All desire to confront them, to defend Freds territory, dissolved into vapor and then evaporated. Clearly they werent up to anything harmful, at least not harmful to the church or the roses. As I watched the smoke rise in the cold air, almost a solid form of its own, the boy stood. The girl handed him the joint, soundlessly and willingly, as if theyd followed this routine countless times before. He sucked on the scrap of paper and weed, then held the smoke inside for longer than I thought possible. When he exhaled, he wasnt gasping for air, but calmly letting the smoke slide out between his lips. He took a second hit and turned toward the sanctuary steps where I stood, but didnt appear to notice I was there. Was it that dark? Did he have poor vision or was he in such a fog of dope he couldnt recognize anything unfamiliar in his surroundings?
After all my preparations, all that waiting, falling asleep in the cold, worrying about Fred, I suddenly didnt want him to see me. I wanted him to finish the joint and return to sitting near the girl. I wanted to leave them alone to their thoughts and their holding on to each other. Id been looking for something sinister, but now I felt like a voyeur. As much as their affection made me feel happy and teary-eyed, I didnt want to watch any more.
If I moved, he might notice me. I took a slow breath and waited, but he continued to stare in my direction, not seeing. There was no sound of traffic this late. Only in the suburbs does all movement, all outside activity fade into nothing late at night. The streets are deserted and the houses dark and theres not a human soul anywhere. In some ways, its scarier than a large city, where people are always moving about, stores still open, a mixture of business and residential in a self-contained neighborhood. Here, you could go for blocks and see nothing but an occasional cat skulking along the sidewalk, wondering where everyone had gone, daring to stroll across the street without fear of a car.
It was another ten or fifteen minutes before the boy finally turned. He dropped the stub of the joint on the ground, shoved it around with his toe and crossed his arms, leaning back slightly, then further back, until I thought he might fall over, especially with all that THC swimming in his veins. He still didnt speak and he and the girl now seemed almost oblivious to each others presence. And both of them didnt notice me. All three of us were in our own piece of atmosphere, disconnected from the others, silent and alone.
I moved back up the steps. Literally. I walked backwards, one step at a time, feeling around for the edge of each one with my heel. I sidled over to the alcove and waited. I was more tired than I thought possible. I wanted to go home and sleep, and now I wondered why Id even come here. What had I intended to say to them? For all the attention Id paid to my creature comforts, I had no plan for the actual encounter. Im not a big planner, not down to the details, but I usually have some vague idea of what Im going to do. Or maybe Id had a plan and it drifted away in my sleep.
The couple hadnt moved. I almost wondered whether they were breathing, they were so still, like statues carved in the moonlight that was now diffused behind some high, wispy clouds. I closed my eyes, trying to think what to do. It was only for a few seconds, I think. When I looked again, the couple was gone. I picked up my stuff, walked past the roses, down the stairs to the parking strip, and along the footpath to my car. Id come here to help Fred, thinking, if Im honest, that I could vindicate him in some way. But as I left, I wanted the couple to return, to sit undisturbed on the bench forever.

Seven

WHEN I WOKE the next morning, it all felt like a dream. My bag of food sat on the kitchen counter, a few grapes missing from the bunch. The blanket and pillow were in the passenger seat of my car. So it must have happened, right? The evening before lingered with that confusing, real but not, quality. The memory of the silence was so intense it echoed inside my head. The couple moving slowly, as if they were under water, then nearly immobile as the guy stared at me without seeing, and then sat down again, his form spilling over the womans. Neither one had given a hint theyd seen me. Maybe the guy was simply defiant, daring me to object to the pot smoking. Or, he wasnt there at all, nothing but the figment of a cold, half-sleepy, sluggish brain that didnt like seeing my smoking buddy agitated about the damage to his garden.
As I drove to work, the taste of the cigarette Id smoked with my morning coffee while I tried to put the events of the previous night into focus lingered on my tongue. I realized I hadnt had my bedtime cigarette the night before. That meant I was allowed an extra today. On the other hand, wasnt I trying to quit? Shouldnt I look at the missed smoke break as a sign that I was ready to cut back even more? Yet, as I drove, the more I thought about it, the more I wanted one with the cup of coffee Id pour once I got into the office.
What a weakling I am. Maybe I dont even really want to quit. And on one level, I dont. I like the pulling away from the world that smoking offers, the chance to be alone with my thoughts most of the time, to not be doing anything else, to just be. Thats what I strive for when I meditate, but somehow smoking is a short cut to that state of mind. Of course, it could also be a short cut to death, so there is that to think about.
The office was dark. I turned on the lights, cleaned out the coffee dregs from the day before, and made a fresh pot. By the time it brewed, I hadnt shaken the thoughts of premature death. You know how sometimes a thought drifts past and other times, that same thought rises up and your brain grabs onto it like a crocodile snapping at raw meat? The mind gets a grip and wont let the thought move on, until you begin to think it was planted there, or that its a message of some kind. You start feeling as if you know it means something more than the endless stream of reflection and analysis and worry and fear and wanting. It takes on a life of its own and turns into something tangible. As my mind circled around death, it got that thick, solid feeling so I wondered if I was getting a hint of my own death from smoking cigarettes. Or someone elses. Thinking about death helped me sip my coffee and ignore the lingering whisper that I wanted a few puffs of nicotine.
I turned on the computer and worked while I drank two more cups of coffee. During those morning hours, Joe came in, made some phone calls, then left for hospital visits. Kate arrived as he was going out the door. By then, I was jittery from too much coffee, too fast, and still feeling sleepy at the same time. I envied their schedules. There had been a high school youth group meeting the night before, a casual support group led by one of the kids to help other kids organize music and photos on their iPhones. When Kate or Joe had evening events, they took their time about arriving at the office the following day.
Kate greeted me, ignored my offer of a cup of coffee, and darted through the door into the basement area. Her clogs thumped on the floor as she walked to her office. I didnt see her again all morning.
At lunch time I ate my sandwich quickly. I turned off the coffee pot, which had less than an inch of liquid left in it and was stinking up the place with its burning odor. I hadnt even noticed the smell until I was eating the last few bites of my sandwich. I went upstairs and walked toward the grove of trees to check out the situation that had been festering at the back of my mind all morning. The sense of unreality was nagging at me so much by now that I nearly wondered if I hadnt even been there myself, not to mention whether two shadowy people had been there. Nothing seemed real. Were they kids lingering after the iPhone class? Had Kate been there still, and seen them herself? It had been after ten, and the class went from 7:30 to 8:30, so I didnt think anyone was still around, but I had never checked the back parking lot.
The air was damp and cold, the sky a blank, white ceiling of fog. Fred was nowhere around, although the door to the storage room was open, so I figured he must be working somewhere. I walked to the end of the path and stepped onto the strip of grass that ran past the education wing, then faded off under the pine and eucalyptus trees into dirt and ground cover  bits of wood and fallen needles and leaves.
I stopped at the concrete bench where the couple had been seated. It was swept clean of dirt and tree droppings, so that fit with my memory. I kicked at the stuff on the ground, stabbed my toe at a cluster of dried weeds, their roots still firmly clinging to the soil, but no sign of life in the brown, crunchy stalks and seed pods above ground. So far, no stub of the joint Id seen them drop. It was possible a bird or squirrel had grabbed it, smelling something sweet and thinking it might have potential for nest lining.
The air wasnt as cold over here, with the trees to block a bit of the chill that pressed down as hard as it could on a day like this. It seemed as if the sky wanted everyone to stay inside, to give the earth a break.
I sat on the bench and closed my eyes, trying to remember what the couple looked like. Nothing came. It had been so dark, they wore dark clothes, the boy had on a baseball cap, I think, and the girl had a hood over her hair. There was nothing to identify them. If I did see them again, I might recognize the way her body melted into his, but that was it. And how distinctive is that?
I stood and walked to the fence that ran along the back of the property. One board was missing and the one next to it was angled slightly. I pushed on the angled board and it moved like a swinging door. Easy enough to make room for anyone to fit through. I could see where someone had nailed smaller boards to hold it in place and theyd been pried away. The small pieces of wood were grayed, so theyd been there for awhile. On the other side of the fence was a vacant lot and next to that, a very tall, very new looking fence surrounding a house. At the back edge of the vacant lot was a row of thick, tree-height junipers, and I could faintly see another fence behind those. The front of the lot opened onto the street that ran perpendicular to Woodcrest, which is the street that the church faces on to. Easy enough for anyone to wander through the lot and into the grove of trees on the church grounds.
As I walked toward the path and the backs of the buildings, I kicked at the ground, still looking for that joint stub. I sat down again and moved to the same spot I remembered the couple occupying. A few feet away was a flat piece of Styrofoam from a cup or one of those earth-unfriendly takeout boxes. I stretched my leg toward it and flipped it over with my toe. Nothing.
I stood, picked up the Styrofoam, and walked back to the storage room. The door was still open, but no Fred. Then I caught a whiff of smoke. I walked past the closed doors of the classrooms, four in all, and out toward the vast expanse of blacktop, missing the traditional white lines, but serving as a parking lot. Id driven by on a Sunday once. Everyone had managed to park compact cars, SUVs, and trucks into tidy rows and sections despite the lack of guidance. I suppose were programmed to follow the conventions of our culture, even when the lines are blurred, or missing completely.
Fred stood near the end of the building. Judging by the pile of butts near his foot, hed been there for awhile.
Hi, I said.
He nodded and blew out a puff of smoke. He held out the pack of cigarettes. Since he didnt say anything, I figured the only way hed talk to me would be if we smoked companionably through at least one cigarette. I pulled one out of the pack and he lit it for me. Im not going to die yet, theres still time to quit. Besides, look at Fred. He was fit enough to care for two acres of property all by himself.
He finished his cigarette, dropped it into the pile and lit another. After two puffs, he cleared his throat. Did you see more roses were snipped off?
I shook my head.
I picked them up. I guess you didnt notice there are only two or three buds left on each bush.
I hadnt even looked at the roses. All my attention was focused on the grove at the back, wondering whether Id find evidence of the couple Id seen. Part of me wanted to go back there with a rake and comb through every pine needle and chip of bark. I wouldnt stop until I found that joint. But what would that accomplish? When did it happen?
Sometime last night.
That cant be, I was here last night.
His hand stopped with his cigarette half way to his lips. He turned. Why?
I wanted to see if anyone was damaging the roses. Jan thinks you did it. To hurt her. Why would she think that?
What did you see? What time were you here? He dropped his half-finished cigarette on the ground but didnt stomp it out. It burned slowly, a thin wisp of smoke rising as if it wanted to hang on to the hem of his jeans.
I pressed my toe on the cigarette. When I looked back at his face, his eyes were glassy.
I got here around ten, and I think I left around 12:30.
Did you see anything? His voice was hoarse, as if he wanted to cough again and was holding it back. Or maybe he was going to start crying.
Whats wrong?
Last night was the anniversary.
Of what?
Jans daughter was killed right back there. Shot, said Fred.
He pointed at the grove of trees. Most of the area was blocked by the building, but I could see that was the area he was referring to.
Oh, thats terrible. The words caught in my throat, tearing at the tender skin.
Five years ago. April 28th.
What happened?
She was a druggie. Something went wrong with her supplier, hed given her some freebies, I guess. He pulled a gun and she tried to grab it. He shot her.
She grabbed a gun?
She was a very aggressive girl.
I didnt know what to say. It explained the pain I felt emanating from Jan, from the tightness in her face, to her absolute obsession with the roses.
They used to smoke back there all the time. Almost every night.
Whos they? Were there more of them? Is that who I saw?
Their spirits.
What?
You saw their spirits. Theyve been here before.
Ghosts?
He nodded.
There was a couple.
Her boyfriend. Lover, I suppose.
Do you believe in ghosts? I said. I wasnt sure what I thought about the subject. Its not impossible, but they were so real. And yet, not.
I think people who had a violent death might linger. Their spirits want to put things back how they were.
Im quite open to a lot. Were all so consumed with what we can see and touch and hear and taste. We get so caught up in our own heads, we miss a lot. I can believe theres a parallel realm. Maybe more than one.
It doesnt matter what I believe, said Fred. Ive seen them. From time to time. On the third anniversary.
Has anyone else seen this? It wasnt that I didnt believe him. It was possible. I do believe people who die are somewhere close by, but we cant see them. Thats easy to believe. A parallel realm, as I said. Where else would they be? Floating in the sky? Standing in the same room makes as much sense as that. But what Id seen was so  real. Their forms. On the other hand, it was strange how they didnt make any sound after that first hint of voices that had woken me from my drifting, not-really-meditating state. And strange that they didnt seem to be aware of my presence. Now that I thought about it, there was a lot of strangeness. The feeling Id had when I woke up, that none of it had really happened.
Fred chuckled. Im not crazy. Do you think Id tell people Im seeing ghosts? Theyd fire me. They dont go in for that kind of thing at this church.
You told me you saw them.
Youre different. Besides, you experienced it first hand.
I dont know what I saw. I fell asleep. It was ... I cant describe it.
Thats what they do to you. They shift the whole atmosphere around you.
So Pastor Joe and Kate dont know about this?
They know Jans daughter was killed. But neither one of them worked here when it happened.
Has Jan seen  anything?
He kicked at his half-smoked cigarette, shoving it closer to the rest of the butts. How would I know.
You talk to her.
No. She talks to me. Makes accusations.
What kind of accusations?
I gotta get back to work. Any hoo, Im glad you saw them. I dont feel like a crazy old man any more.
What should I do?
Theres nothing to be done. You probably dont want to come back at night.
Do you think ghosts are cutting the roses? Can ghosts do such a thing?
I dont know anything about ghosts. Only what I saw. But if they can walk around the property, smoke pot, who knows what they can do. He picked up the dust pan propped against the side of the building and started to sweep up our discarded cigarettes and ashes. I took one final puff, dropped my cigarette on the ground, and stomped it out so he could scoop that up too.
Was the boy killed too?
Freds hand shook. The dustpan tilted forward and most of the butts and the ash cascaded over the edge. Ash flew around and clung to my clothes, and Freds as well. Not that night, he said.
His voice was so low I almost didnt hear him. He stared at the pile of ash and cigarettes, but made no move to scoop them up again.
Are you ok? Can I help you with that?
I guess theyre here to stay. Im an old man, maybe Ill be joining them soon.
I dont think of you as an old man. Youre my smoking buddy. I hoped my voice didnt sound fake, because I really meant it. I liked him, and I felt like we were friends. I hadnt thought much about his age at all until he brought it up. How old are you?
Seventy-nine.
That caught me off guard. He really was in very good shape. Have you always been a smoker?
He pulled out his pack of cigarettes, removed one and lit it. A pack a day since I was seventeen. A pack a day, a beer a day, a fried egg a day. None of it ever hurt me. Moderation in all things.
I agree completely, I said.
That girl was a creep, as bad as any thug.
How do you know that?
I just know.
Did you talk to them other times? When they were alive?
She got her claws into my son. His voice was so quiet again, I wasnt sure Id heard correctly.
What do you mean?
Corrupted him.
How did she do that?
It goes back to our conversation awhile ago. About corruption. She was a bad seed, and she got him mixed up with that drug dealer.
Wait. Now I was confused. The boy smoking pot is your son?
Was. Hes dead now.
I put my hand on his arm, then moved it up and wrapped my arm around his shoulders. Fred looked at the ground. The cigarette, only loosely held between his lips, slipped out and fell on top of his shoe. I nudged it away with my toe.
Im so sorry, I said.
After a minute, I let go of his shoulders. Tears filled my eyes, more than Id seen in Freds a few minutes earlier. I felt the ache in my chest, the pain of his grief seeping through his jacket and into my arm, winding its way to my heart and carving out a big opening that made me feel that no matter how much air I sucked in, it couldnt take away that hollow feeling. Was your son shot too?
No. Beaten to death. He was living on the streets in Santa Cruz. I didnt find out until hed been dead four days.
Oh! I started sobbing hard.
She corrupted him. Got him into drugs, introduced him to that guy. And when they owed him money. When he came here with a gun and threatened them, the girl laughed at him and grabbed it. He shot her. My son was never the same after that.
I nodded. I was still a little confused but I didnt really want to try sorting it out. There was too much, too much sadness, falling down on me like a heavy blanket, making it difficult to breathe or move my limbs.
Later, my son killed the guy. Stabbed him. Thats why they came and beat him up. But he wasnt like that. He wasnt a killer. She did that to him.
They loved each other.
Fred turned and spit at the ground where the concrete joined the blacktop of the parking lot.
I touched his shoulder lightly. I know they did. If those were their spirits. I could feel it, the way they held each other, Ive never seen anything like it.
He bent down and scooped up the cigarette butts. Together, we walked to the storage room. He emptied the dustpan into the trash and I said good-bye and walked to the stairs leading to my underground office, not sure at all what I was feeling. My mind was blank and white like the sky.

Eight

A FEW DAYS AFTER THAT, Jan Waverly came into the office and said she wanted to talk to the Pastor. I told her he was out at the nursing home, but due back in half an hour. She plopped herself down in one of the armchairs and said shed wait. Her hair wasnt twisted up and folded into a bun like the last time Id seen her, but was loose, flowing well past her shoulders. It made her look older, and yet it also made her look like she didnt quite belong in this world. It was so startling white against her black scoop-necked shirt. She wore a black skirt that draped across her feet when she was seated.
For about ten minutes I worked on the church bulletin. It was giving me problems  the layout wasnt working as well as usual because they were having a special service that weekend, and there were all kinds of additions to the usual agenda. It looked crammed no matter how I arranged it. As I started to tweak the font size again, Jan spoke and I nearly jumped out of my chair.
Its awfully quiet in here. Why dont you put on some music?
I like the quiet.
Its nerve-wracking. Just sitting here. No sound but the keys clacking. And you breathing too loud.
I smiled so my words wouldnt sound too harsh. You could go walk around in the garden while youre waiting.
No.
Apparently she wasnt worried about her words sounding harsh. I smiled again and turned back to the computer.
That garden gives me no pleasure any more. Hes ruined it.
I didnt have to ask who she was talking about.
Hes cutting off all the blossoms. I cant believe hed go so far as to tear them into pieces. Its like he wants to shred my heart. I wrote an essay about that. Getting your heart torn to shreds. Pastor Joe was going to put it in the monthly newsletter. Then he didnt. He said he would help me get it printed in the newspaper, but he didnt do that either. After he read it, he said I needed time to heal. Ill never heal.
I didnt know what to say. This was way out of my league. Was this what it was going to be like? When Joe listed making people feel welcome as one of my responsibilities, he didnt mention theyd be raw and ranting with grief. It sounded like Kate had a better sense of that reality. I had no idea what I was supposed to do now. I gave her a smallish smile to show her I couldnt even imagine her pain.
We should have a professional caring for those roses. Not some Godless old man.
He loves those roses as if they were his own, I said.
She glared at me. I smiled, even though my cheeks were starting to feel stiff from all this needless, programmed smiling. Can I pour you a cup of coffee? It was probably a mistake to ask because she sounded wound up enough already. Caffeine was the last thing she needed, but she settled back in her chair and snapped her head forward. I suppose that was her interpretation of a nod.
When I handed her the mug, she thanked me.
Roses are a symbol of love. Red roses. I could have had white because my daughter was so pure. Ellie. Elinore after her great grandmother, but we called her Ellie from the day she was born. Pure. Innocent. Gods little flower.
I folded my hands in my lap. Clearly I wouldnt be completing the preparation of the bulletin until Joe returned and Jan was safely closed up in his office.
Thats what I wrote about. Roses are love, the blood of life and love. Like the blood I poured out when I gave birth. Children arent supposed to die before their parents. It turns the whole universe upside down. Red is for love, romantic love, they say, but red roses are the most beautiful of all. Other colors seem like pale imitations next to a dark Firefighter rose.
I saw Joes shadow pass the window. I let out a long sigh. I hadnt realized I was holding my breath, terrified she would start crying, or worse, wailing like a lost soul. The pain that bled out of every pore of her skin was like a perfume, filling the room, making it difficult to breathe, making the silence oppressive. Maybe thats why she wanted the radio turned on. Silence is pleasant for me because Im not grieving. For Jan, silence was terrible and eternal.
The door opened and Joe stepped into the office. Jan, he said.
It didnt matter that Id only known him a few weeks. Anyone could have read the tiredness in his voice when he saw her waiting.
Jan stood. I need to talk.
He nodded and unlocked his office door. He held it open for her and she walked past him. I heard her purse fall to the floor with a thud. Joe nodded at me and went inside. Now, I wanted music. I popped open a web browser and went to Pandora. It couldnt be too loud, too un-churchy. Id never listened to music while I worked before, but I needed something to lift the mood in that office. I went to my alternative station, but before I could get something playing, Kate appeared in the doorway. She walked past my desk and stopped to pour herself some coffee. This time, she was warm-and-friendly Kate. I was beginning to think the woman had a split personality, or was some kind of Jekyl-Hyde character. Or is that the same thing?
She stood there, holding her coffee, not drinking. She ended up chatting the whole time Jan was in the pastors office. If I didnt think it sounded paranoid, even in my own head, Id have thought she heard Joes door close and didnt want me listening to anything that might leak out through the gap under the door. She decided to stand there, making noise so I couldnt eavesdrop. These people were certainly worried about their confidences. For a group of upstanding church-goers, they seemed to have more undercurrents than I would have expected. Or maybe Im a little paranoid. Either way, she shouldnt have worried. I was planning to listen to my music. I still felt that thick, heavy silence behind the sound of Kates voice.
When Joes door opened, Kate put her other hand around her coffee mug to hold it steady, turned and walked through the door into that dark, empty multi-purpose room. Her footsteps were quick and determined, all the way across that empty expanse until she reached her office.
Jans face was bright red. She gave me a quick glance, a very suspicious-looking glance, as if she, too, thought Id been listening. Okay. Im nosey, but why were they all assuming I was trying to listen? Was it somehow evident in my eyes, the way I looked at them? Or were they projecting their own curiosity onto me since I was an outsider? Besides, shed already told me about her daughter. And her husband. Was there some secret she was telling the pastor? Not likely. Maybe she wanted her grief to be private, although she hadnt acted that way earlier, or when Id spoken to her in the garden that time. I directed my eyes back to my computer screen, hit print so I could see how the bulletin looked on actual paper. I turned my chair so I could lift the pages off the printer when they shot out. I set the printed copy on my desk. The layout wasnt too bad. Id proof read it and then shrink the font for the prayer requests down one more size.
The door slammed behind Jan when she left. Pastor Joe plopped himself onto one of the armchairs. I could see how these chairs might quickly turn me into the welcoming committee. I hadnt recognized that fact when he told me Id be both administrative assistant and receptionist, keeping on top of all that office stuff, but also keeping visitors entertained, or perhaps keeping them from going over the edge before the pastor was ready to meet with them. Jan sure looked like shed gone over the edge with her blood-red face, the color seeping all the way down her neck and across her collarbone.
Well, I think I soothed her feelings. For now.
His voice was loud, resonating through the small office. He seemed proud of his skills in shepherding one of his lambs into a serene pasture. I wondered how long it would last.
She sure looked upset, I said.
Shes distraught over the damage to the roses. She thinks Fred is conjuring up some kids hanging around at night. Im worried about her. Shes been through more than most people can handle.
I pushed the bulletin to one side. Proof reading would have to wait a bit. I was confused. Wasnt it a breach of his ethics to talk to me about what a church member said in private? What about all those secrets and the gossip he was so concerned about? Or was he assuming I wouldnt gossip because I wasnt part of their church family, as he liked to call it?
Her daughter was shot right here at the church, said Joe. About five years ago. It was some drug-related activity and the man who shot her was killed, so Jan never had any closure. Not that punishment of the killer eases the grief. But the wound does stay open without that.
Fred told me about it, I said.
Joe lifted his eyebrows. He opened his mouth as if he was going to ask more about Fred, but then he didnt.
Its so sad. Again, I felt that stabbing in my heart. For both Fred and Jan. Such boundless, constant grief. How did you live out your life when there was a crater that big right in the center of it?
She wants me to fire Fred. He stretched out his legs and balanced the heel of his left foot on the toe of his right. He stared at his feet as if this trick was going to help him figure out what he should do. Maybe shes right about Fred. Hes too old to care for this much property by himself. Maybe hes imagining things.
Thats not fair, I said.
Its not right that someone would damage such beautiful flowers. Especially when they have so much meaning to her. That makes it much worse.
I wasnt sure about that. Destruction is destruction. And anyone vicious enough to tear rose petals into shreds was already disturbed. And unless it was the spirits, it was unlikely they knew there was a deeper meaning to the roses, that they were a memorial. I wanted to argue, but I didnt really want to tell him about the other things Fred told me. About the spirits. Then theyd definitely think Fred was losing it. And I couldnt back him up by telling about my evening adventure. I couldnt think how I would explain it to Pastor Joe. Hed immediately ask why Id risked my safety like that, followed quickly by puzzlement over why the heck I went to all that trouble and didnt even try to speak to them. Whoever they were. Or whatever. No, it was better to keep that to myself. Destroying anything is terrible, I said. Tearing flower petals? Its not like Fred can be here 24-7 to guard them.
Thats why she thinks hes the one tearing them up.
Why? Why would he do that? Have you talked to him?
He unbalanced his feet and straightened himself in the chair. Not yet. I need to mull it over. Im only thinking out loud, reviewing what she said.
Oh.
Something 
He was quiet for so long I wondered if he realized hed started a sentence.
Something-what? I said, finally.
He stared at me as if I was leaving half-finished sentences out there. He stood.
What were you going to say? I leaned on my desk, staring at him.
He looked suddenly disoriented, as if hed disappeared, or didnt realize he was standing in the church office, that I was sitting five feet away, or that hed even been talking to me.
No. Nothing. Theres something  I need to think.
He went into his office and closed the door. That in itself was unusual because he never closed the door except when someone was in there seeking guidance. It seemed to me it would be quite difficult to write a sermon without private space where you could concentrate, but he seemed to be fine with it, always open for interruptions. I guess if he really wanted to be alone, needed to think deeper thoughts without intrusion, he would go to his home office. Although at home, his four daughters were fluttering around.
It was difficult to concentrate on proof reading the bulletin after that. I had to read it three times. My thoughts kept wandering away and Id realize I was six or seven lines down and hadnt even checked for those typos that sneak in because theyre real words that the spelling checker doesnt catch.
My mind drifted from Jans essay, to her irrational insistence that Fred was tearing the flowers to shreds, to Joes lack of recognition that accusing Fred of such a thing made no sense. I deliberately did not think about the spirits, ghosts, whatever you want to call them. I preferred to let them remain hidden, a powerful emotion living beyond the grave, but not entities that were interested in, or even capable of, plucking rose petals off a blossom and tearing them into shreds like secret notes that had been passed between lovers back when there was no texting or IM available to communicate your passionate thoughts.

Nine

THIS MIGHT SOUND insane, but I became so obsessed with who was tearing up those rose petals, I started up a nightly vigil. Whether spirits of deceased children strolled around church property in the dark, looking for true love, or whether living teenagers were smoking pot and taking a break to shred rose petals, I pushed my fears aside because my curiosity is stronger than my fear.
Every night at nine-forty I left my condo carrying my thick blanket. I abandoned the pillow idea so I could be more efficient instead of lugging an entire campsite full of stuff. The evenings had turned mild, so it wasnt such a problem with the concrete feeling like a sheet of ice. I abandoned my snacks too, and brought only the thermos of hot chocolate.
From ten at night until two in the morning, I sat in the alcove. I sipped chocolate and let my mind drift. I thought about Fred and how sad his life must be, to have his only son taken away so brutally. His feelings had become part of me, as if Id sucked them in along with his exhaled cigarette smoke. I studied the outline of the rose bushes and kept my focus on that dark area under the trees that stretched to the back fence. For thirteen days, I never saw anyone. On the final night I sat there, when Id already told myself it was the last night, I saw them. I didnt see them arrive, so perhaps Id dozed off for a minute, even though I still held the cap of the thermos in my hand. It hadnt tipped over and dribbled hot chocolate, so I couldnt have done more than close my eyes for a second, half a second, an extended blink.
They were seated on the bench. The girl leaned into the guy like that first time I saw them. Once again, I felt the warmth of wanting what they had, a longing so intense it made my heart cramp. I had to lean forward over my crossed ankles. I poured out the rest of the hot chocolate into a dark puddle on the concrete and screwed the cap on the thermos. I set it on the blanket. This time, I didnt hesitate walking down the steps and along the path toward the grove of trees. I had to get a closer look. They certainly werent paying any attention to the roses, and gave no hint they planned to drift that direction and start tearing the few remaining blooms. I wasnt completely sure they were teenagers. They had an ageless quality to them that I cant explain  the way the girl let her whole body fall into the guy seemed like an adult woman, old and weighed down by life, yet at the same time so freshly in love, like a young girl.
I dont know what happened, if I looked away, if the path twisted more sharply than Id realized and for a moment the area where they sat was blocked by the corner of the building, but when I arrived at the spot where the path dissolved into the lawn, I looked at the bench and it was empty. At first I thought I was confused. I jogged along the branch of the path that edged the strip of grass. I was sure they must still be on the church side of the fence, they couldnt have moved that quickly. But they had. They were gone.
Somehow, I knew they werent shredding the roses. I was also pretty sure they were visiting from another realm. Then I saw something else.
Id walked back to my blanket and sat down to drink one last cup of chocolate and try to think about what Id seen, to make sure I truly believed they were spirits. That this was Jans daughter, coming back to find her lover. I swallowed the last of the chocolate, licked my lips, and replaced the cap. When I stood to fold my blanket, I turned my back to the pathway. I put the thermos at the center of the blanket that was already folded in quarters. Then I folded it two more times so the thermos was snugly inside. I picked it up and turned and saw what at first looked like a caricature of a ghost. Immediately after that thought, I realized it was Jan, with her long white hair glistening in the half moon that shone without the dilution of any clouds. She wore a long white nightgown that dragged on the concrete. Through the thin fabric of the gown I could see she was even more slender than Id realized before. The shape of her body was visible and I could tell she wasnt wearing anything but that gown. Her feet were bare. I knew she lived only three houses away from the church, but still, walking at night in bare feet must have been painful and cold.
In her right hand was a very large pair of sewing shears. Slowly the blades parted and she pressed the center joint up close to the petals of one of the rosebuds that had finally started to open. With a squeeze of her hand, the sheers snapped closed. The top pieces of the petals fell on her hands and must have floated to the ground because she kicked her foot like she was shaking something off. She moved the scissors to the stem, gripped what was left of the bloom, and gnawed at the stem right below the little leafy part that sticks out around the base of the flower. Although the shears looked deadly, they werent the right tool for the job and she was having some trouble cutting the thick stem. She gave up gnawing at it and let the scissors fall to the ground. I was surprised they didnt stab her in the top of her foot. She pulled off a petal and tore it down the center. Then she tore those pieces. She held her hands out at arms length and let the torn petals fall at her feet as well.
I clutched my folded blanket close to my ribs and walked to the edge of the steps.
Jan bent down and picked up the sheers. She took one handle in each hand and started attacking the stem again. Holding them like that prevented her from getting the force she needed, but it took her quite a few minutes to recognize that fact. Finally she switched the shears back to one hand, grabbed the mangled bloom in her left hand and worked at the stem until she chewed off the top.
I wondered if shed sense my presence at some point, feel me looking at her. Thats how I am. Theres a crawly feeling that runs across my scalp when someone is observing me. Ive always wondered what that is, the knowing that their eyes are on you. Is it some type of energy coming out of their brains, the fact that their thoughts are focused on you? I dont know if that happens to everyone, but it sure does to me. I know when Im being watched. Apparently Jan didnt, because she moved to the next bloom and began the process again, first snipping off the tops of the petals, plucking some loose and tearing them to shreds, then sawing off the bloom with an inch or two of stem.
A breeze started moving among the trees and grew until even the tops of the rose bushes responded. Jans nightgown plastered itself against her legs, but she didnt shiver. It wasnt cold, exactly, but she seemed to feel nothing, not the chilled concrete or the breeze or even the hem of her gown tickling the tops of her feet. She was single-mindedly focused on destroying every remaining bloom on the twelve rose bushes. It was too late to stop her from that activity, but I didnt want to stand on the steps all night. I was tired. Id found the answer to one question  Fred wasnt crazy and he wasnt slacking off in his responsibilities, and the roses werent being destroyed by ghosts or teenagers from the church. I suppose thats a lot of answers to one question, but now the question was, should I sneak past her and leave her alone with whatever demons she was battling? Or should I demand to know why she was blaming Fred for her own craziness?
I walked down the steps, not taking any care to quiet my footsteps. I thought shed hear the soles of my boots tapping each step, but she was still oblivious to my presence. As I approached, she moved along to the next rose bush. Her hair flowed around her shoulders, so smooth it looked like melted wax running onto her nightgown. Another breeze passed through, strong enough to make me shiver, so sudden it made me picture the ghostly couple. Was it them, walking past? Or was I shaking because I could sense Jans grief in the harsh snapping of her scissors, the lack of care for her bare feet, the complete absence of concern over how little her nightgown hid from a casual observer, even in the dark? Hard at work, hacking at the top edges of the petals with her scissors, Jan didnt appear to shiver or even notice her hair blowing across her cheek, a few strands clinging to her lips.
The breeze died and I stepped closer. Was she walking in her sleep? It seemed like too much activity for that, but what do I know about sleep walking, or sleep gardening, for that matter? Its possible people do more than wander aimlessly when they sleepwalk. Perhaps they garden, or make a sandwich, or comb their hair. If I spoke, I might frighten her, or wake her and really screw her up. Touching her would probably be even worse. I debated about turning and walking across the front grass area and down the slope to the street. She might not even notice I was there. I stood watching for several more minutes.
Suddenly, she was finished. All but one of the blooms and their torn petals were scattered in the dirt under the rose bushes. Jan turned, and as if shed known I was there the entire time, said, There, thats done.
I decided on an open-ended question, to try to assess the state of things  sleep-walking versus deliberate destruction of something she claimed to adore to the point of near-worship. I also decided not to point out that she actually wasnt done. A single bud remained on the bush closest to the wing of classrooms. It was darker at that end of the path. She must not have seen it. What are you doing? I said.
Killing them.
The roses?
Theres no beauty left in the world.
Well there certainly isnt any beauty in this rose garden. Youve destroyed it all. I thought you loved them. I thought they were a memorial to your daughter.
My daughter is dead.
I nodded.
I dont want to love anyone ever again. Its too painful.
You loved your daughter when she was alive. Was that painful?
I still do.
Of course, I said. Why are you cutting off all the blooms? Did you cut the others?
Yes. She sighed.
Her words were senseless enough that I decided she must be sleep walking. Yet her eyes were open, they seemed to be looking at me, they moved rather than freezing in a steady stare. She blinked from time to time. Nothing had the appearance of sleep except the near-nonsense of what she was saying.
The roses are too beautiful. I never should have given them. Fred is so proud of them and he has no right. They dont belong to him.
Hes trying to please you, to do a good job. Half of that was a lie, but in some ways maybe not. He certainly didnt want her to accuse him of not looking after them.
Ha! She clutched the shears to her chest and turned. Without noticing the sharp pebbles, tracked up from the parking strip, she walked quickly, half-running, to the set of stairs that led down to the street. She didnt bother to steady herself with the handrail, but jiggered down the steps, across the gravel strip, again not exhibiting any outward evidence of pain. She walked along the dirt path and disappeared from my view behind a large oak tree that hung over part of the street.
I should have stopped her. Should have called someone to help. She hadnt been carrying anything but those large silver shears. Had she left her house unlocked? Was she safe in there alone? I know I should have called the pastor, maybe even the police, but what had she really done? What would I say? Jan was here in her nightgown, tearing up rose petals?
When I walked back to my car, all of the nearby houses were dark except Jans. She was in the center of her living room with the curtains pulled open. She looked fine, standing as if she might be staring at the TV, drinking something out of a teacup. I didnt see the flicker of a TV, but she looked okay. There was no sign of the scissors.

Ten

THE NEXT DAY was Monday, May 16th. One of my Monday duties was re-counting the contributions from the offering plates the day before, as a double-check on the church deacons who counted the money on Sunday afternoons. Im sure they loved that, having their accuracy doubted, but it was an extra safeguard. Everyone makes mistakes.
By ten, Id counted the cash, totaled the checks, bagged it all for the bank deposit, answered one phone call asking about prices for weddings held at the church, and downed three cups of coffee. I needed some fresh air and a quick walk up the stairs and around the property to get the jitters out of my hands and the kinks out of my neck and back. I think the whole world is going to go into early rigor mortis, the way everyone sits frozen in front of computers all day long and some people, for half the night. I know I said I love the internet, love computers, but still, human beings werent designed to sit in tiny chairs all day with shoulders hunched up, fingers tapping, and jumping around from website to website.
Before I took the first step up the stairs, I looked up and saw Jan. Shed planted herself on the path near the last rose bush. Her hair was wrapped up in that fancy bun, and she wore black slacks and a long black silky jacket thing. One arm was folded tight across her ribs. In her right hand she held those wicked shears Id seen the night before. I put one foot on the first step but didnt move forward. The conversation last night, only a few hours ago, had been confusing. I wondered if she remembered wed run into each other, because I still wasnt sure if shed been awake or asleep or in some other state of mind I hadnt yet considered.
She lowered her hand and slowly opened the shears. She squeezed them around the last remaining rose bud, leaving just an inch or two of stem. She slammed them closed and this time, rather than having to gnaw at the thick stem, the infant blossom was cut loose and fell to the ground.
I saw Fred walking along the side of the fellowship hall. Maybe he was afraid of what hed seen at night, but he wasnt afraid of Jan. He strolled toward her with his usual loping stride, not in a hurry, and not trying to hide his presence as if he was sneaking up on her.
It didnt matter. When Jan saw him, she shrieked and dropped her scissors into the dirt.
I took a few steps up. They glared at each other like two vultures, so I didnt think theyd notice me and I definitely wanted to hear every word of their conversation.
What are you doing, Jan? Despite his scruffy look, Freds voice was even-toned. While he waited for her answer, he slipped his hands into his pockets. It looked like hed lowered his hackles somewhat. He knew he had the upper hand.
I have a right to cut them.
The stem is too short.
I want to put it in a bud vase.
Did you destroy the others? said Fred.
She bent down and picked up her giant yellow purse and the shears, but didnt touch the rosebud lying in the dirt. The way she started to move away from him, it seemed that shed forgotten why she was even there, didnt recall what shed been doing when he startled her. It reminds me. David called Ellie his rose, you know.
Why do you have to take these? What happened to your own rose garden?
They died. They always die. Everything in my life dies.
Fred winced as if shed stabbed the shears into his stomach.
Why couldnt you take a few cuttings. Why did you have to destroy them?
Because you act like they belong to you. And they dont. Theyre mine. And I dont want you touching them after what your son did to Ellie.
Fred said something I couldnt hear. I crept up a few more steps, but I was still far enough down that they couldnt see me without walking over to the top of the stairs.
He was weak. Jan whimpered. A weak, grubby boy. He didnt even love her.
He was just a kid.
He left her to die all alone.
He didnt know.
He knew.
I see them. Fred picked up the rosebud and held it out to her. They come by. They linger. And he did love her, Madison saw them.
You cant see them. She backed away from the offered rosebud as if it was a flame.
Freds hand remained steady, holding the bud. I see their spirits.
No. You dont. Youre only saying that to hurt me. As if your son didnt already rip out my heart. Now you have to tell me this? Suddenly, Jan threw her head back and laughed like she was watching the funniest thing shed ever seen. Youre lying. Theyre in paradise. You didnt see anything, if you did, they were demons. Good people dont return. She continued laughing in a loud, unbroken stream that was more like a shriek. Her throat was long and white. It looked like it belonged to a bird the way the shrieking laugh vibrated inside, making the skin bulge. She laughed longer than you would consider normal. She kept laughing and laughing and then she was screaming and the scream slowly transformed into a howl. You never should have said that to me. That you saw them. You keep doing more and more to torment me. I want you to leave me alone! she screamed. I want you out of here.
Fred stood with one arm dangling at his side, still holding the rosebud in his other hand. When she lowered her head and was finally silent, he stuck the short stem into her twisted, knotted hair. They stared at each other, once again reminding me of birds, both of them with their feathers spread out like spikes, reading the other, waiting to start pecking. I feel sad to say this now, but I had a feeling that Jan would win. She would peck Fred to death.
Fred was longing for his son, seeing ghosts that comforted him. Maybe seeing the ghosts let him know that his son had found some happiness in life before it exploded in a violent death  a death that was dismissed as insignificant by most people  another drug addict who ate up his own life with his desire to get high, to feel good. Even though the ghosts scared him a little, even though he didnt really want them around, he saw their love, the way they melted into each other. He didnt want them around because maybe he was ready to let go.
Aside from that maniacal laugh, Jan was the kind who grieved in anger. She didnt simply ache for the loss of her daughter, she was furious that grief had happened to her, as if it had singled her out. She thought she had some special right to do whatever she pleased with those roses because shed paid for them. She not only thought she owned the roses, she owned her daughters memory, and I bet she thought she owned her daughter when she was alive. After all, shed contributed cells, and a womb, and had given birth, and done countless other things for her child. Some people turn that into thinking the child belongs to them in some tangible way. When her daughter died, Jan took it personally. A great big assault from the universe, taking away what belonged to her. The rage inside that woman was visible from the roots of her pure white hair to the tips of the cherry red claws on the ends of her fingers.
They remained motionless, staring for so long that my feet ached and my back started to get stiff. There was something so intimate in the way they looked at each other, I almost felt as if I was spying on a couple making love. I know that sounds ridiculous. They hated each other. Why would I think of lovers? But thats what I thought. There was something naked in the way they looked at each other. Jans pure rage that she hid from everyone else, but allowed Fred to see in all its ugliness. On Freds side, all his grief was blatant in his expressionless face, reflecting the flatness of his life without his son.
They stood there with all that heat between them. They almost seemed to glow with a dark, black aura that blended at the edges into a murky red, pulling them into a single entity of grief and rage and all the sorrow of life.
After awhile, Fred turned and walked to the tool room. He disappeared inside. A moment later, Jan went to the steps that led to the parking strip. As she thumped her feet on each step, the rosebud jiggled in her bun. Then it fell out, but she didnt notice, if shed even noticed it was there to begin with. She walked across the gravel and turned toward her house.
I wanted a cigarette in the worst way.

Eleven

I NEVER WENT to find Fred that day. I wish I had. Every single time I smoke a cigarette on church property now, I think of him. But that day, I thought maybe he needed to recover from his encounter with Jan. I didnt mention any of it to Joe  not the ghosts or Jan in her nightgown cutting roses or the intimate, vicious encounter between Jan and Fred. It was a crazy week, with two church members passing away on the same day, and a teenaged girl in the hospital for dialysis and Joe trying to be supportive of the girls parents during her treatments. Kate was gone for five days at a convention. I was so busy with phone calls regarding the two funerals, I never made it outside for a break to talk to Fred or have a smoke.
The following Monday when I went out for a smoking break, hoping to see him, I found his body. I didnt think for a single second that hed died of a stroke or a heart attack or any other age-related problem. Thats because an enormous pair of sewing shears protruded from his neck and that big pool of blood I mentioned early on. A lot of blood. I dont need to describe that. The enormous scissors and the wound in his neck made me puke and lose all desire for either lunch or a cigarette. It almost made me wonder if Id never want another cigarette as long as I lived. It might be the cure for smoking. Right away I felt guilty for analyzing my addiction to cigarettes, my lack of self control, and for thinking about myself at all when I was staring at a bloodied body, the body of a man I had started to think of as my friend. Now he was gone. Suddenly I felt very friendless in this church full of people.
Then I cried.
Of course I knew they were Jans scissors. It wasnt any deduction on my part. Shes not the only woman in the world with enormous sewing shears, but it doesnt take a genius to add up the scissors she used to destroy the roses and her rage at Freds son for leaving her daughter to die alone.
I covered Fred with my sweater, so at least his face and shoulders werent exposed, staring up at the sky, so vulnerable like that. It was like he was lying in his bed, but out here where squirrels could run across his body, or people would walk by and stare at him and he couldnt do anything to regain his dignity.
I ran down the stairs, flung open the office door, grabbed the receiver, and dialed 9-1-1. The operator was patient and that helped me stay calm, but I was crying even harder at this point. My hands were wet, as the tears ran down my face and got on the phone receiver and then made my fingers slip around the slick black plastic. It felt slimy and that made me think of all that blood covering Freds chest, and pooling under the white shirt he wore every day to work.
As soon as the operator assured me some detectives were on the way, I called Joe and told him about Fred. He said hed call Kate and would be right there.
I went outside and started back up the stairs, walking slowly. I stopped halfway up and made myself take a deep breath, then slowly release it, then another. That helped somewhat, but my heart still thumped about five extra beats a second. I wondered if it was going to burst out of my chest, and I dont think it was just from the exertion of running. At the top of the stairs I looked toward the front parking strip. It was more out of habit than expecting to see anyone there. The entire property was deserted. Even the birds were quiet. There was no breeze. Its a strange feeling to be the only human life, to know youre the only one breathing, the only one moving about, the only mind thinking and running through its normal cycle of activity. Tears swam around my eyes, and I desperately wanted to walk around the corner of the building, to look away from Freds body, but I felt I owed it to him not to look away. To be with him while his spirit wandered over that line we all know is there but cant conceive of until we cross it. I sat next to him, near his feet. I reached into his shirt pocket and pulled out his pack of cigarettes, removed one, and lit it with the book of matches he kept tucked inside the box. Our last smoke together.

THE CIGARETTE WAS gone by the time the police arrived. Id even had time to stand up, get the pins and needles out of my ankles and carry the cigarette butt to the trash can, lick my fingers to moisten the end of the butt, and drop it into the can with the grass clippings. It didnt occur to me until I slid the pack back into his pocket that Id touched his body and this was a crime scene that Id now managed to contaminate.
There were two detectives, a woman and man. The woman was about fifty and the man was young, probably my age, although he was trying so hard to act strong and in control, he seemed younger, like a little kid playing cops. He kept his shoulders back. His shirt, pressed with those creases that run down the center of the sleeve, fit him perfectly so I could see that he lifted weights, that his shoulders and upper arms were muscular, but not all bulked out, making the fabric as tight as a sausage casing, like some guys do. Neither one of us smiled when he said he was Officer Brad Holcomb, and asked my name. I could tell we would have smiled, if we werent standing next to Freds body.
Asking my name was the last thing he was allowed to do. From there, Detective Karen Palmer took over. She pestered me with so many questions, I was exhausted by the time Joe and Kate walking past the roses, headed in our direction. Most of her questions were about time  when did I arrive at the church, what did I do first, how long did that take, what time did I find Fred, how long did I wait before I called 9-1-1? When she asked if Id touched anything, I hesitated. The pause was long enough that it became my answer.
What did you touch? she said.
I took his cigarettes out of his pocket.
A smirk might have flickered across Officer Holcombs face, but I couldnt be sure. Detective Palmer sighed.
A van pulled into the parking lot. Right after the van was a white sedan. A woman got out of the van, poked at her cell phone, then walked to where we were standing. She introduced herself as the medical examiner. That made me want to start crying again.
Kate and Joe slowed their pace, in lock-step with each other as they drew closer. They stopped right at my side. Im the pastor, and this is our youth minister. Joe put his hand on Kates shoulder. What happened here?
Detective Palmer held her hand up. One minute. She looked at me. What did you do after you took out the pack of cigarettes?
I looked Detective Palmer in the eyes. I smoked one. Then I put the pack back in his pocket.
You shouldnt have touched anything.
Well I wasnt exactly thinking straight, I said. All I could think about was losing my friend, and I wanted to have one last cigarette with him.
You considered Mr. Tolly your friend?
I nodded.
How long have you known him?
Since I started working here. About a month ago. We took cigarette breaks together.
You smoke? said Officer Holcomb.
I nodded again.
Detective Palmer looked at him, and he took a step back, then took a few more steps back toward the building so the medical examiner could get close to the body.
Come with me. Detective Palmer walked down the corridor and Joe, Kate, and I followed her like a line of ducks.
She asked Joe and Kate a bunch of questions. A lot of those were also about time, what time Fred usually came to work, what time they came to work, what time was it when Id called to tell them about Fred? Joe explained their Mondays off, then Kate interrupted to mention people hanging around, smoking pot. Maybe selling drugs.
He was really worried about those kids using the garden for a party spot, said Joe. Kate mentioned he had some kind of confrontation with them.
The detective went off on that line of thought  whod seen them, how often were they around? Her eyes darted back and forth from Kate to Joe as she fired questions and they tried to answer  had they ever seen anyone? Was there any property damage? Did anyone know who they were? How old were they, how many of them were there? Of course, Joe and Kate staggered through most of the questions, unable to provide any information because theyd ignored the whole thing.
Finally I couldnt stand it any more. They were directing her down an imaginary path, a path where only ghosts walked, as far as I knew. Kate made it sound as if theyd believed Fred all along. It wasnt right. Kate dismissed his concerns, almost ridiculed him. Joe had acted like he agreed with Jans opinion that Fred had conjured up the kids smoking pot. Now, all of a sudden, they were going to act as if theyd believed him from the start? I was about to jump in when the detective said, Did anyone report this?
No, said Kate. Like we said, there wasnt any damage and it didnt seem to be a huge problem. I guess now we see that was the wrong 
Joe interrupted. To be honest, we wondered if Fred was imagining it. Hes old. Was old  seventy-nine.
The detective nodded. Obviously she could tell that from looking at Freds body. I had to give Joe credit because his cheeks were a little pink. At least he recognized hed been dismissive of Fred, hadnt bothered to ask about his concerns, maybe hadnt treated him with much respect.
Fred talked about these kids, but no one ever saw them and there was no trash left around, no graffiti, so we didnt do anything, said Joe. I see now that we were wrong.
Whoever Fred saw has nothing to do with this. I didnt think it would help the conversation, or the investigation, to introduce the ghosts of Freds son and Jans daughter. You should ask Jan Waverly a few questions, I said.
Madison, said Joe.
What?
Jan would never  shes a sensitive woman. She isnt capable of doing something like this.
Kate nodded, eager to punctuate Joes opinion. Jan was so supportive of the work were doing with teenagers. A really good person. Caring.
There wasnt anyone lurking around who stabbed Fred, I said. The partiers are ghosts. I looked at their faces. You can laugh all you want, but thats what Fred saw. There were no physical people hanging around here.
How do you know there werent any kids partying back there? said Kate.
I came here every night for two weeks. I never saw anyone. At least no one that was still flesh and blood. I shivered when I said that because it made me picture Fred with all his blood seeping out onto the pavement. So maybe there were kids smoking pot here at one time, but youre not going to find a gang of teenagers that killed him.
Its much too early for a conclusion, said Detective Palmer. Tell me more about Ms. Waverly, but lets try to avoid any discussion of ghosts.
Jan was obsessed with those roses. She thought they carried the soul of her daughter. She was hacking them off, tearing the petals, sometimes taking them home. I paused for a breath. She blames Freds son for her daughters death. She thought he should have protected Ellie. He ran away when Ellie was shot.
Joe put his hand over his face and bent his head forward. I suppose he felt guilty that he didnt know the full story. Kate stared at me. She didnt blink for almost a minute. Finally she spoke. The boy was Freds son?
They blame each other. Fred thought Ellie corrupted his son, getting him into drugs. Jan thinks if Freds son acted like a man, Ellie wouldnt have died. I choked when I said that last part. I would miss my smoking buddy. I reassured myself that it had seemed like Fred was ready to let go, just not in the way I thought. He didnt deserve to die like this. No one does.
Joe folded his arms across his chest. When I read that essay she wrote  she wanted it in the newsletter. It sounded like it was written by a lunatic.
Out here in the light, I noticed a few gray hairs in his jet black beard that I hadnt seen before. When Fred told Jan he saw the ghosts, their spirits, whatever, she lost it. She was laughing and shrieking and moaning. It was horrible.
I kept thinking it was grief, more than most people could bear, said Joe. But then I wondered if it was something more. Madness. I dont know, Im not always equipped. Im here for spiritual counseling. I dont always know where the line is. I should have  said Joe.
We all should have, I said. I told them about seeing Jan in her nightgown, tearing the roses, walking around in the cold as if she felt nothing.

LIFE AROUND THE CHURCH got back to normal, although I didnt know yet what normal was. There wouldnt be any more dead bodies, I was sure of that.
The roses grew fresh buds, lots of them. I pruned them until they hired a new gardener. Im not sure if Joe or Kate noticed I was taking care of the pruning, but it made me feel like I was still connected to Fred. Every day at lunch time Id unlock his storage room door, get out the pruning scissors, and snip off the blooms that were loose and floppy, their petals turning to that fabric-like texture. I dropped them into a bucket and carried them to the grove of trees. I scattered the petals on the ground and threw away the stems. After that was done, I stood at the edge of the back parking lot and smoked two cigarettes. My addiction was headed in the wrong direction, because now I was up to five a day. Smoking calmed me, and I knew that once I stopped missing the man who poured his whole life into the church gardens, I would cut back again. It startled me how lonely I was without the presence of an old guy Id known for only a few weeks. And for now, the sting of smoke in my throat mirrored the sting in my heart.
I settled nicely into my job. Kate was friendlier to me, although she still had a bit of that Jekyl-Hyde thing going on. Maybe she decided I was valuable after all, since I could see people for who they really are. That Fred was a wonderful human being, and she had misjudged him. Or maybe she only thought Id be useful if there were other strange things going on, with the living or the dead.

THE END
About The Author

Cathryn Grant's short fiction has appeared in Alfred Hitchcock and Ellery Queen Mystery Magazines. Her short story, "I Was Young Once" received an honorable mention from Joyce Carol Oates in the 2007 Zoetrope All-story Short Fiction contest. She is the author of THE DEMISE OF THE SOCCER MOMS, BURIED BY DEBT, and THE SUBURBAN ABYSS (forthcoming November 2012). Reviewers have said they "stayed up late finishing" THE DEMISE OF THE SOCCER MOMS. The novel received a five-star review from Red Adept Reviews. 
She is also the author of the Madison Keith Suburban Noir Ghost Story series  murder, ghosts, and soul mates. 
Cathryns flash fiction has appeared at EveryDayFiction.com and been anthologized in THE BEST OF EVERY DAY FICTION THREE and in Chuffed Buff Books - YOU, ME & A BIT OF WE (November 2012). Email Cathryn at cathryn.m.grant@gmail.com or visit her online at CathrynGrant.com
One reader said Cathryns Suburban Noir fiction makes the mundane menacing.
