            Book One - Ultra Murder
By W. Strawn Douglas
Chapter One
	Back in the old days, the early eighties, you could sit on a park bench and smoke some pot in complete peace.  Now the crackheads had moved in, and the police with them.  Much had been lost.
	This was not the West Bank of Paris, or Jerusalem.  This was the West Bank of Minneapolis, Minnesota.
	Time had been hard on this unique little neighborhood.  Other shops had opened, and closed, their owners moved on.  The one constant had been the old hippie vegetarian restaurant, the New Riverside Caf.  The Riv had in many ways been the communitys hub; its informal meeting place was where revolutionaries could foment overthrow in the non-exploitive company of the feminist brigade, a few day-glow mohawks, and fine dining in the form of brown rice with steamed or wokked veggies.  It was a place of great comfort to its people.  And now the Riv had closed too.
	Nestled between the Mississippi River, and two huge six-lane highways, the people had developed a unique culture, some residents never leaving the comfort of its confines for years.  Comfort brought those seeking refuge from the cold winds of distrust and foreignness.  Eritrean and Somali Africans migrated in as old-guard hippies moved out.  They settled in and took over the HUD-operated apartment towers and did not cower away from the concrete as had their hippie predecessors.  
	Five concrete towers made up Cedar Square West.  The housing project had been the brainchild of Keith Heller.  In the late 60s and into the 70s, the hippies had stopped this corpulent rich businessman dead in his tracks as he tried to take over the neighborhood, pave its charm and move on to the next project.  The hippies organized, rallied, and conquered Heller.  The property was taken over by the federal government entity, the Department of Housing, and the Urban Development Agency.  
Thirty floors of the McKnight Tower were now available for college students, immigrants and low- and middle-income tenants.  Soon these people began to change the face of the streets below.  When once there had been young women in psychedelic tie-dye, there were now African Muslim women clothed from hood to ankle in intricate colorful wraps and dresses.  James called them the Psychedelic Nuns.
	James Scott McGregor was five foot eight, slim build, and one-sixty pounds of weight.  An aquiline narrow face with sharp gestures and curly brown hair, blue eyes.  Living on an SSI social security check in Section 8 low-income housing in the tower, he was one of the many welfare cases that made Cedar Square West the "ghetto in the sky."
	It was a Saturday, the 10th of November, noonish.  He awoke, arose from his futon mattress and scanned the panorama of his one-bedroom apartment.  His computer sat waiting for him on his desk, a former door.  He dressed in jeans, t-shirt, running shoes and vest.  He strode to the desk and took a seat in the old grey-green swivel chair.  He picked up the inverted Frisbee that served as his marijuana-cleaning tray.  He selected a small bud from the bigger stem of buds and began to remove the stems and seeds.  He packed the leaves into the brass one-hitter pipe.  Clenching it in his teeth, he scanned the tabletop for matches or a lighter.  He found a pack of matches with nine matches left.  He tore one loose and hit its red head on the striker.  The flame exploded with a hiss.  After the sulfur fuel of the match head was done burning, he touched the flaming stick of paper up to the port end of the one-hitter.  He inhaled deeply, and brought the thick pungent smoke down into his lungs.  He held this for seven seconds and exhaled.  Immediately he began to feel the effect: warmth passed into his brain.  A gentle euphoria came over him.  A buttery silliness tinged with paranoia.
	He lit another match and burned out the last of the green leaf in the pipe, pulling the smoke into his lungs.  The effect on his body was minimal.  He was already stoned.  He found the wonderful euphoria, with its confusion and loss of short-term memory comforting to him, as always.
	James pulled a leather Navy pilots jacket from the closet.  He slid into its cool nylon lining, and zipped it up halfway.  It was cool out, but not bitterly cold.  The flight jacket would be enough.  He stepped out into the hallway, locking the door behind him, and headed down the red-carpeted hall.  He waited for an elevator; he looked out the window at the street scene below.  To the right was the burned-out hulk of Dania Hall, an old turn-of-the-century theater.  Left of that was the Holtzerman Building, with its cheap single rooms and extensive fire escape network just out of sight on its east side.  The Holtzermans street-level tenant spaces below were occupied by an art supply store and a furniture and futon mattress store.
	James considered stopping in to the Artery.  "I do need some more radiograph ink," he thought, but then disregarded the notion.  Ill get it on the return trip, he decided.
	He dug in his pants pocket for a cigarette pack: Rothman Blues.
	The bell rang for the elevator.  He rode it down, got out, and walked outside in the sun and fresh air.  He followed the walkway to the street, noting the security camera and the place where the old walk bridge had once stood.  He crossed the street and walked past the Artery, Come to Your Senses, and the bank.  Rounding the corner, he soon came upon the Hard Times Caf.
	A large cup of coffee, please, he said to the counter worker in tank top and Army dungarees.  The worker handed him the paper cup, plastic-covered, and moved on to the next customer.  Just as he was about to go back out the way he came, he heard a familiar voice.
	Hey James, check this out, came the voice of Kermit Suns.  I think youd like to see this.
	Hey Frog, whats new?  James joined Kermit, who was sitting at a table.  The little man was dressed in a Carhart tan jacket and faded jeans, his knees showing pale skin through ample holes.  Kermits dark hair was cut short with a thick moustache.  A mousy man, he was known for his talents at electronic circuitry.  Nicknamed Frog for the similarity of his name to the Muppet shows Kermit the Frog, he wore his name with pride.  Piercings on his eyebrows marked him as one of the West Banks newer residents.
	What'cha got for me, Frog? asked James.
	You wanna be a medical experiment?" Frog opened casually. "Theres good money in it.
	James shrugged. I got enough medical influence on my life.  What are the conditions?
	Theyre looking for schizophrenics.  Frog waggled his eyebrows meaningfully. "Thats you.  What meds are you on?
	Four, ten-milligram tabs of Zyprexa.
	Thats great," Frog nodded.  "You can pull in six hundred bucks a month.
	James met his eyes. Would I have to go off the Zyprexa?  I dont want to do that.
	I dont know.  The ad doesnt say anything about that.  Its in The Daily in the classifieds.
	James sipped at his coffee.  So this is your big news, is it?
	Not exactly.  Kermit/Frog leaned forward and whispered.  DJ just got a connection for sheets of prime acid. 
	How much is she selling it for?
	A hundred hits for a hundred bucks.
	Ill bet shes getting them for thirty in San Fran. 
	Yeah, but you wont find a better price in this whole town, said Kermit, leaning back and dropping the whisper.
	That may be a good deal.  Have you got any of the products?  Id like to try out a few.  Can I get a bulk rate price for ten hits?
	Theyre worlds.  Little Planet Earths on blotter.  I can crack off ten from my sheet.  He reached into his jacket and retrieved a wallet.  He opened it and withdrew a plastic bag with one three-by-four-inch sheet of blotter paper precut into quarter inch squares and printed with little Planet Earth colored insignias.  Each hit had its own world print.
	Ten I can do.  Thats ten bucks, Kermit handed James a sliver of paper five hits long and two hits wide.
	James took the cellophane wrapper off his cigarette pack and put the paper into it.  He put it in his jacket pocket and pulled a cigarette out of the pack.
	Got a light, Frog?
	Yeah, said Kermit.  He produced a lighter and a flame popped out.  James leaned forward lighting the cigarette and sat back down.
	I think Ive got a ten in my wallet, lemmee see.  He pulled his wallet out and found a ten-dollar bill.
	Take this and tell DJ I might want a sheet.  James got to his feet, jammed his wallet back into his pants pocket and picked up his coffee cup.  Im headed out to the East Bank.  Catch ya later.
	James strode to the door, gave a final wave at Kermit, and crossed the street to the Triangle Bar.  Heading around its west corner, he crossed the next street to enter the parking lot of the Humphrey Center on the University of Minnesota campus.  It had modern art in its courtyard and an arched brick doorway.  James walked on to the Wilson Library.  He turned left, went past the music school, the anthropology tower, and made for the bridge.  He stayed on the sunny side, the south side.  The gleaming steel of the new museum building shone in the bright sunlight.  A cool breeze was blowing.
	Graffiti covered the brown-painted panels and glass of the bridges contained interior.  Cars ran beneath, one deck down.  The covered walkway above was a real godsend in winter when windchill factors could reach below zero Fahrenheit.
	At the bridges terminus, it branched off into three main avenues.  Right was the Coffman Student Union Hall, ahead lay Stadium Village, and left led towards Dinkytown.  He took the left path, past another library, and chemistry buildings, with Northrop Auditorium to the north.  Past the underground bookstore and a few multipurpose brick buildings and into Dinkytown he went.  His coffee cup was empty and he lit another cigarette.  He walked north past Annies, Ragstock, and the Grey Drugstore, crossed 4th Street, and passed the Baskin-Robbins.  Bob Dylan had written a song about this very street: Positively 4th Street.  Past the pizza parlor to Gioccos.  Go-kos, he called it.  He peered in and spotted Myron.
	Myron was a very small man with grey hair and thick glasses.  He worked at the University as a research assistant in the chemistry department.  James remembered instantly the conversation hed had with Myron about hydrazine being used by drag racers on the National Hot Rod Association pro circuit.  Hydrazine was one of the components of rocket fuel used in the Nazi rocket plane called the Messerschmitt 163.  Hydrazine was commonplace in Myrons world.
	James walked on to Als Breakfast.  One row of diner stools and standing room only for the next customer was all there was to Als.  James took his place in line, waiting patiently for a seat to open up.  He thought about the last fleeting memory of his dreams before he woke.  Something about being in a six-engine seaplane and walking the streets of Copenhagen, Denmark.
	He thought about the fall colors in the tree leaves now falling: rich golds and yellows were amongst the greenery.  He viewed the uncluttered campus quad with Northrop and the Student Union facing each other, the cool breeze blowing through it all.  It was a fine day.
	After ten minutes, a seat opened up.  He sat down before a plate covered with a thin yellow film of egg yolks and a few toast crusts.
	The waitress cleared away the former diners plate and returned to take his order.  
Three eggs over easy, and hash browns, and a short stack of blueberry pancakes, please. 
	James surveyed the eclectic collection of mementos and centered in on a portrait designed to look like Da Vincis famous painting of the Last Supper of Christ.  Six long-haired men and women were gathered in black ink on white paper.  It was captioned The Last Breakfast.  He thought of those people, now long gone, and how they must have changed over the years.  Long gone in days gone by.
	Other things on the shelves caught his eye: a can of mace, a sign that said, Tipping is not a city in Russia, several photographs, a Pez dispenser.  He noted the credit books on the lower shelves.  One could prepay by buying a book, writing a name on it, and one would have credit until the pages of the book were all torn out.  A nice convenience.
	The waitress delivered his meal.  Nice looking waitress, he thought.  Young, twenty-ish.  He remembered the can of mace and the muscle-bound cook.  He watched the waitress reddish-long hair, pony-tailed but swinging free.  He watched her hourglass figure with a heavy chest, all wrapped up in a grey t-shirt with an apron and low-rise jeans.  He looked from his food to the waitress backside to his food and back again.  His eggs were perfectly cooked, sharing a plate with the hashbrowns.  He reached for the ketchup and poured some out onto the hashbrowns.  He cut the eggs so that the yolks were trimmed away from the egg whites.  He slid the tines of the fork under one of the yolks and lifted the self-contained envelope into his mouth.
	He repeated the process until only the hashbrowns and pancakes remained.  As he was working on the remnants of his meal, he listened to the radio and snippets of conversation from the other diners.  The heroes of New York on 9/11, the new director of hematology and his plans for revamping some tests, an application to medical school, a new boyfriend, a make-up test in biology.  He finished off the meal methodically and paid, leaving a dollar tip.  He left and glanced into Gioccos, but seeing only Myron, he started walking back through the campus.  He stopped by the physics building and picked up a copy of The Daily, the Universitys newspaper.
	He turned to the classified ads.  There were three ads for medical test subjects.  The first was for people with Type-II diabetes.  The second was for women who had given birth and had post-partum depression.  The last one caught his eye.
	It read, New study on monthly medication regimen for sufferers of schizophrenia whose onset predates January of 1997.  Requires overnight stay for 24 hours once per month.  Compensation is six hundred dollars per month.  Program duration is six months.  Candidates must apply in person, Rm. 213, Malcolm Moos Medical Center.
	He thought for a moment.  His SSI check was only $424 dollars per month.  Added to his state check of $151, it all came to $675 per month to live on.  Another $600 dollars a month would be great, a godsend.  That would mean three and a half thousand dollars, over a six-month stretch of time.
	The medical center wouldnt be open for another two days, Monday being Veterans Day, a holiday for all state workers, including the University.  The real Veterans Day was tomorrow, Sunday.
	That left him with two days down-time to test-drive this new batch of LSD.  "Maybe trip tonight," he thought.  Gotta talk to the Frog.
	He folded the paper, put it inside his jacket, and began to walk back to the West Bank.  
	As he emerged from the Wilson Library parking lot to peer at the Hard Times Cafes multi-colored faade, he noticed Frog still sitting in the window where hed been an hour earlier.  James looked for cars, crossed the street, and went inside.
	Hey Frog, he said, Have you tried anything yet?
	Whispering, Frog replied, I might be up for it tonight.  Id hafta check the concert schedule.  Maybe if we can find something good, a band or something, we could get DJ to come with.  I could call her on the phone.
	You know about Eschelon, dont you?
	Whats that? said Frog.
	Echelon is the computerized scanning program the NSA has on the phones.  They listen for key phrases like drugs and terrorism.  When they hear a key word like heroin or bomb, they start recording the conversation.
	Are you for real?  They can actually bug your phones like that without a wiretap order from a judge?
	Yes, they can.  Itd be better for us to just walk over to DJs place and talk to her, said James.  Lets go see the woman with the sheets.  They headed east on the diagonal cut of Riverside Avenue, two blocks to a wooden duplex probably 50 years old.  The green painted structure was two stories high.  DJs apartment was on the top floor.  The downstairs apartment door was open while the one at the top of the stairs was locked.  That door was the one that DJ lived behind.
	They climbed the stairs and knocked on the door.  They heard the sound of footsteps, and the lock turned with an audible click-snap.  A six-foot three-inch woman opened the door.
	Well, howdy, howdy there fellahs, said the broad-shouldered woman, round in the middle, with glasses, and shoulder length hair.  She beamed a happy smile at them both.
	Hey DJ, I hear the new shipment is in.  How is it? said James.
	Quite an invigorating blotter.  Id say about three-hundred mikes a hit.  I dosed on it a week ago.  Not a wicked hangover either.  I assume Frog told you about it? 
	Yeah, I got ten hits at wholesale.  I was thinking about tripping tonight and giving these worlds a test drive, said James.
	DJ nodded approvingly.  Do remember to stage yourself in a positive setting," she said.  "Acid amplifies whatever emotion you have so if youre depressed, youll get really, really, depressed.  The trick is to feel good and let the trip amplify your good cheer.
	Thanks for the advice, Mom, said James with good-natured sarcasm.
	I just dont want anyone to have a bad trip.  You know that.  Bad experiences dont bode well for my little cottage industry.  The last thing I want is you two in the hospital screaming about spiders and whatnot.
	James and Frog sat on the couch, and DJ sat on a chair next to them.  She reached for a brass-chambered pot pipe from the end table, and began sorting tiny buds of marijuana from a tray.   
	I didnt even ask you two if you wanted to smoke.  Care to join me?
	Oh, but of course, said James.
	Good, she said, returning to her task, packing the pipes bowl with herb.
	I was just telling Frog about Echelon, said James.
	Oh yeah, dont talk about herb or anything illegal on the phone.  Those computers will pick it up and start recording in a heartbeat.  Nasty Big Brother.  Dirty rotten scoundrels.  Dont use the phone here without proper protocols.  Herb is 'spice' and hash is 'chocolate'.  As long as you use the protocols, its okay.  DJ raised the pipe to her mouth, and torched the bowl with a butane lighter.  She inhaled deeply and choked back a cough before passing the pipe and lighter to Frog.  He gave it the same treatment, and choked back the same cough.  James took the pipe from Frog, and inhaled without using the lighter.  The pungent aromatic smoke filled his lungs.  A feeling of expansion filled his lungs.  He stifled a cough for ten seconds and exhaled.  The warmth and euphoria came back to him as it had an hour and a half before.  There was that tinge of paranoia, though.
	Ah well, nothings perfect, he thought.  He gazed at the wallpaper.  Green with red flowers.  A bowl of fruit on the kitchen table.  He returned the pipe to DJ, who inhaled another hit of smoke.  She handed it to Frog, who toked on it.  By the time it got back to James, the embers were nearly depleted.  He inhaled, and watched the coals die out.  
Its cashed, he said.  Im quite adequately buzzed, though.  Im fine.  
Well, thats good.  I wouldnt want to have to get you higher, said DJ with a chuckle.
	I think Robin Trower is going to be at the Medina tonight.  That would make a great setting for tripping, said James.
	Thats not a bad idea, said DJ.  Its been a week since I dosed.  I might not get off, though.
	Frog commented, Perhaps not to the maximum, but would you like to see the show mixed with some herb and a few white crosses?
	Are you asking me out on a date?  One or both of you?  DJ said comically.
	We need the four-door from Mordor, said Frog.  DJs Cadillac four-door automobile was named after the land of evil in the Tolkien Lord of the Rings' trilogy of fantasy books.
	Ah, you love me for the pleasure barge, DJ said with a twinkle in her eye.
	May we propel your pleasure barge, oh queen of the rivertown? asked James.
	Its a possibility, replied DJ.  Show times not till nine P.M."
	We could meet back here at seven-thirty, said James eat at the Medina from eight till nine, and go to the show directly from the Medina restaurant.
	Sounds good, said DJ.
	Oh, you gotta tell Frog about The Wizard of Oz, said James.
	Frog, you havent heard about The Wizard of Oz and the Harris Act of 1914? said DJ.
	What about it?  Ive seen the movie several times, but thats all I know about it, said Frog.
	DJ leaned back in her chair and put on her best storytellers face.  Back between the gay nineties and World War I, heroin and cocaine were legal over-the-counter medications.  This was before the time of the Food and Drug Administration.  Frank Baum, who wrote The Wizard of Oz, used symbolism in all his books.  He wrote about twenty about Dorothy and the Land of Oz.  The Tin Man represented American industry and the Scarecrow was the American farmer and the Cowardly Lion was the military.  The drug symbolism came when the wicked witch put Dorothy to sleep in a field of poppies and the good witch woke her up with snow.  The poppies are heroin, which is where heroin comes from.  Snow is the cocaine that wakes Dorothy up again.  DJ smiled and gave her best I told you so look.
	Thats incredible," Frog said.  "Whats the Harris Act about?
	Well, its good you asked.  The Harris Act illegalized heroin and cocaine and put them both under control of doctors.  A lot of doctors were jailed for prescribing heroin and cocaine.
	Id never do heroin, said Frog.  And I cant afford cocaine.
	But its good to know weve all been around this dilemma before, said DJ.
	Frog was speechless.
	James broke the silence, How are you with the Hard Times, DJ?
	Well, since their drug bust last spring, theyve asked me not to deal on the premises.  I deal here on Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday, so going to Trower tonight will cut into some of that revenue.
	No way, man, said James.  There will be lots of customers at Trower tonight."
	You think so? said DJ.  I hate to sell in unfamiliar territory.
	Bring a few sacks and just check it out, said Frog.  You dont have to market them if you dont feel comfortable.
Yeah, said DJ, I could at that.
Chapter Two
	..  .  .  the material isolated from the bloodstream was given the name serotonin, while that from the intestinal tract was called enteramine.  Subsequently, both materials were purified, crystallized, and shown to be 5-hydroxy tryptamine (5-HT), which could then be prepared synthetically and shown to possess all the biological features of the natural substance.  The indole nature of this molecule bore many resemblances to the psychedelic drug LSD with which it could be shown to interact on smooth muscle preparations in vitro.  5-HT is also structurally related to other psychotropic agents.  .  .  .  .
____________________________________
	Frog looked out of the window of DJs Cadillac as suburban industrial buildings passed by at 65 miles per hour.  Out here rent is a thousand dollars a month," he said.  "Youd need two grand a month just to pay off your car and apartment.  What a wasteland.  Four hundred thousand for a four-bedroom house.
	Its suburbia.  Populated by management and software engineers, said DJ.
	I might end up out here after I graduate, "said James "Get myself a nice trophy wife, 2.5 kids, two cars, and a dog, 
	Dont forget the hot tub and sauna, DJ said.
	Too chic, said James.  A nice conventional swimming pool for the kids to play in.
	What do you do when they get to be teenagers and start to smoke dope and steal from the liquor cabinet? said DJ.
	Smoke with them maybe, said James.  Out here teenagers have the best grass.
	Mind if I throw in a tape? said Frog.
	What of? said DJ.
	Trower, For Earth Below.
	Go ahead.
	James leaned forward from the back seat and said, Thatll make a nice break from all that Grateful Dead you keep listening to.
	But I love the Dead, said Frog, slightly wounded.  Jerrys been dead six years now.  Thankfully enough, we have thousands of hours of bootleg recordings.
	James shook his head slowly and sighed.  Billy Brag said the Deadheads would record Garcias farts if they could, said DJ  as she chuckled to herself softly.
	I think our turnoff is coming soon, said James.
	Right up here, said DJ, commanding the huge 1965 black Cadillac and gently moving the "four-door from Mordor into the turnoff lane, and gazed at the gas stations, restaurants, and strip malls in passing.  A lot more open spaces than in hard-core suburbia.  Trees and green grass were abundant.  The Medina Bar performance space soon came into view.  They turned into the nearly empty parking lot and had their choice of parking spaces.  DJ parked about three car lengths from the front door.  She reached into her red corduroy satchel and began filling a bowl full of herb.  She torched it and inhaled, and then she passed it to Frog, who filled his lungs and passed it to James.
	James sat back in the soft, gently aged comfort of the Cadillacs back seat.  He took out a lighter and torched the bowl while inhaling.  It was good smoke, he thought.  A good creative buzz.  Not the kind of weed that just turns you to a stone.  He sought out the good herbs and stockpiled them in small stashes hidden in tiny crevices and cracks in his apartment and belongings.  He had a model airplane that carried a load of grass in its bomb bay.  That plane hung from the ceiling of his bedroom.  Other stashes were inside a TV and inside a light fixture.
	After DJ put away her pipe, they realized that the moment of decision had come.  It was time to drop acid and dose.  After some small talk, each procured from his or her stashes a single hit of lysergic acid diethylamide.  All three looked at each other for a moment.  This would be the last moment any of the three could make claims on sanity.  At least for the next few hours.
	James whistled in clear mimic of a bomb dropping.  The smoking crater of my mind, he said.
	Each displayed one small square of the blotter paper on the tip of a forefinger.  On the count of three, then, said DJ.  One, two, three.  They simultaneously popped the paper squares onto their tongues.  DJ raised a finger calling for silence from the other two.  We gotta suck on these hits for about ten minutes, and then we go in for a nice dinner and swallow the hits just before the meals arrive.  Buy our tickets before we go to the restaurant.  Cmon, lets go, she said while opening the drivers car door.  
	A few quiet giggles erupted on the way inside.  James opened the door for the others and scanned for a ticket counter.  The caged booth was ahead, restaurant to the right and doors to the bar on the left.  They ambled up to the ticket booth and James spoke first.
	One, please, for Trower.
	Thatll be twenty-one dollars, please, the young woman said through the bars.
	James dug in his wallet, came up with two paper bills, a twenty and a one, and handed them to the worker.
	Heres your ticket, thank you, as she slid one ticket to James.  He stepped aside and let the others get their tickets.  At the restaurant, they were met by a hostess and escorted to a round table with a white linen tablecloth, a candle in a red glass pot, and four place settings.  They sat down, still sucking on the little pieces of blotter paper.  The waiter arrived with glasses of ice water.
	Bottoms up, kids, said DJ.  She washed the acid tab down with a gulp of water.  The others followed suit.
	Ive heard that you can do a test for LSD with a spinal tap, Frog said.
	No way, said DJ.  LSD is a really small chemical.  Its measured in micrograms, not milligrams.  The first acid trip in history was done by Doctor Albert Hoffman in Switzerland in 1943.  He spilled some on his hand and it went through his skin.  He was so intrigued that he tried a small dose a while later.  He took one whole milligram.  Thats a thousand micrograms.  Thats three times the dose were doing.  He found out pretty quick hed made a big mistake.  LSD is so small it cant be detected at all by any test.  Not even a blood test."
	Well, thats reassuring, said James.  We cant get busted if we get pulled over for DWI.
	Unless they find your stash, said DJ Lots of folk tales about LSD.  Most of em are bunk.  You should read Doctor Hoffmans own words in his book, LSD: My Problem Child.
	Its out of print.  Ive looked for it, said James.
	They settled in for a respectable dinner and paid, left and headed over to the show.  Little black square tables greeted them as they went in.  There were about a hundred people crowding around the stage.  Another 300 were scattered throughout the cavernous dark space.
	We dropped at eight, so we should be peaking at about ten, said DJ
	James looked at the people crowded around the stage.  Long hair was in fashion there.  Shiny leather jackets, tie-dye, and bright clothes were all in abundance.
	He had felt the acid coming on while he was still in the restaurant.  Blocks of color, like walls or the tablecloth, grew moving patterns on them, geometric complexities akin to finer Islamic art.  The women and men both looked sexier and more colorful.  The colored lights beamed in front of the stage in intricate rods of splashing reds, blues, yellows, and greens.
	The main lights went out, the stage lights all went out and a stout man with a Stratocaster guitar stepped into the one remaining spotlight.  A second spotlight opened up on a taller middle-aged man.  They looked at each other as if to ask ready and began to make sound.  Tough, gritty, pounding sound.  The guitar wailed and ripped and popped in one rhythmic sonic onslaught.  The singer came in and put words to the rhythms.  The concert had finally begun.
____________________________________
Colonel Devers shook his head and protested, "But wouldnt you want someone from nuclear, biological, chemical warfare?  Im an intelligence man.  Ive spent the last five years poring over satellite images of former Soviet missile installations.
	Dr. Witherspoon advanced earnestly on the colonel.  Thats what were trying to crack as well. Our approach is not chemical warfare, but psi-warfare.  You and your photos will be of great help, he assured Witherspoon, patting the pile on the desk.  
	Im still not tracking your tack, said Colonel Devers.
	Witherspoon replied, In 1974, the CIA got their first taste of psi-warfare.  A Los Angeles police detective claimed to have a form of ESP, or extra sensory perception.  We put him through a battery of tests, and much to our surprise, he seemed to possess an uncanny talent for getting through our scientific double-blind tests.  We hired him and put him to work on an unknown that had been puzzling us for some time.  We detected a shipyard building, covered from satellite view that was of great size.  We had no idea what the Soviets were building inside that structure.  We gave this police detective a photo from your intelligence satellites, and he put his mind to the task of finding out what was in there.  He came up with complex drawings of a submarine with a new system of launching ICBM missiles from a sixty-five degree slant in the missile tubes position.  Our own analysts determined that this new wrinkle on technology was an advancement giving the submarine the ability to launch while moving at 45 knots.
	Are you serious?  You mean to say this actually happened?  Devers inquired.
	Its been declassified for two years now.  You can see it on TV anytime you like, the doctor said.  However, what I am going to tell you now is highly classified." He leaned forward and lowered his voice.  "We believe we may be able to recreate that mans ability in a normal, non-gifted person.  When Jamison, our ESP detective, died suddenly, we began to search for replacements, both natural and artificial.  We found a few similar to Jamison, but without his flair for detail.  So we also began looking for other options.  One just fell into our lap recently through the human genome project.  Have you ever heard of the heuristic algorithm?
	Devers nodded slowly. Yes, if you mean the mathematics behind artificial intelligence.
	Exactly."  The doctor straightened, smiling.  "Thanks to our own research computers work, we now have over fifteen hundred separate permutations of the same basic algorithm.  We have gotten a first look at how the human mind grew and evolved these last four billion years.  We have come to the conclusion that when man was developing, he relied heavily on senses that now are dormant.  Certain chemical compounds can activate these dormant abilities and we can, for instance, cause a normal twenty-first century man to experience the psi-potential of his Cro-Magnon ancestors.
	If I follow you correctly then, Doctor, Colonel Devers said, these telepathy or ESP skills are dormant in all of us, just waiting to pop up again.
	Exactly, said Witherspoon.  And we can bring them back now.
	How did this tie in to the heuristic algorithm? said Devers.
	We already created a sentient computer and it cracked the chemical code of eight billion pieces of DNA.  Much as a fractal compression can enhance one of your satellites pixilated images, we have been able to use our sentient computer to fill in the gaps in folded protein imagery.  
	Does this computer have emotions and a soul?  Devers gave a wry smile.
	Were not really sure.  It is sentient, so it has consciousness.  It may live forever, so it may not need a soul.  That, however, is for other specialists to work on.  Speaking of specialists, I think you should see this dossier.  Its the psychiatrist I have selected for the project.  A Dr. Nathan Griffin.  We have selected the cover of a mental health scenario.  If something goes wrong, we can deny, and our test subjects are completely expendable.
	Good thinking, doctor, said Devers.
	Just imagine a pill that would give insurgence forces the ability to sense opposition forces location, strength, and capabilities.  This could be a phenomenal advancement in warfare, as we know it, said Witherspoon.
              What is the chemical you have so far?
	Its a derivation of serotonin," answered Witherspoon. Similar compounds are used in the treatment of mental illness.  Dr. Griffin comes from an Air Force aerospace medicine background; hes been eliminating astronaut candidates since 1995.  Hes been with us since we had the algorithm, added Witherspoon.
	And what do you call this compound? asked Devers.
	HK-521."
____________________________________
	Trower had finished his last encore.  Frog, DJ, and James had watched and heard through their altered perspectives.  They slowly moved to the door and their car.  Now was the time for DJ to go into business.  She asked select concert-goers if they wanted any acid or marijuana.  Within ten minutes, she had sold eight sacks of grass and 50 hits of acid.  A profitable venture, she thought as she unlocked the Cadillac and slid in.  She reached over to the opposite doors and unlocked them.  Frog got in the front, James the back.  DJ turned the key and the monstrous V-8 engine sprang to life.  
	The moonlit nightscape was beautiful.  The residual hallucinations from the acid enhanced the cool quiet of car engines and motorcycles speeding on in the night air.  Stars, moon, headlights, and the lighted signs of businesses passed by at a mile a minute.
	DJ turned on the heat while Frog hung out the open passenger window of the car.  James leaned forward from the back seat, and moved his face into the heated air pouring out of the dashboard.
	A fine evening, said James.
	I hope you budgeted yourself, James.  We each spent about forty dollars.  Can your SSI handle a dent like that?
	It can if I sell some trips.  Five dollars a hit to the college kids.  I have capital.  Frog found me a job as a guinea pig.  Pays six hundred a month.
	Really?  What are you going to be testing? queried DJ.
	Some new mental illness drug.  Monthly dose.
	Be careful.  You dont want to end up back in the pen.  DJ reminded James about the state hospital he had been in years before.
	If I start having a relapse, Ill just quit the test, James said.
____________________________________
	Tuesday morning arrived early for James.  Hed smoked with Frog last night.  Slept soundly after that.  His alarm went off at 7:15.  He dressed, smoked a hit of pot, and made coffee.  He watched the cream make clouds in his coffee cup.  He finished that cup, poured another, packed another hit into his one-hitter, and lit it up.  He felt great: caffeine and grass, a wonderful way to wake up.
	He looked around at his apartment and noted the accumulation of lumber and dead TV sets, amplifiers next to a stack of stereo speakers.  Hed be back in time to finish the coffee.  He set out to the Malcolm Moos Medical Center.  Across the campus, over the bridge, and sociologically speaking, into a different world.
	A land of medicine, hardcore med students, doctors and patients.  As he walked inside to the elevators,  the halls were antiseptically clean, with institutional red brick walls.  An elevator opened with the ring of a bell.  He looked at his watch and noted the time:  7:53.  Early, he thought.
	The crowd was clustered around a door, Room 213.
	Most of the people were working on paperwork, filling out forms.  As James leaned inside the door, a woman both round and short gave him a manila envelope, stiff with paper inside.
	Fill out these forms and we can make you a program candidate, she said.  James walked over to an open chair in the reception area where he began filling out forms.  Last hospitalization, diagnosis, current medications, allergies, birth date, and social security number were all required.  At the end of each form was a small paragraph stating, Selectees for this program will be notified by mail of their status.  
	James noticed the man next to him.  Middle aged, brown hair, medium height, round face, blue wool cap pulled over the ears, blue North Face down jacket.  The man looked over at James, extending his right hand. Hi there, my names Phil.  I hope I make the cut, he said.  
	James, James McGregor.  I hope we both make it.  There seems to be a lot of competition.  James leaned forward and shook Phils hand.
	Sure.  Six hundreds a lot of money if youre on Social Security.  My illness has had me on federal welfare since 2005.  How about you?
	2007, myself.  Wasted two years at Anoka, waiting for Zyprexa Olanzapine to come onto the market.  Been fine ever since.  How about you?
	Zyprexa, but theyre talking about phasing it out because of the cost.  The infinite wisdom of the state, Phil shook his head despairingly.  I hope this new stuff turns out to be good.  Do you know what it is yet?
	Yeah, said James leafing through the pages of documents in his package.  Sprodex, it says.
____________________________________
Dr Witherspoon warmed up to his task of getting Colonel Devers up to speed. You see, Colonel, what we found was a series of false triggers for the receptors, specifically for the 5HT receptors," He paced, gesturing emphatically.  "There are three 5HT receptors we know about.  We call them 5HT 1A, 5HT 1B, and 5HT 2.  Receptor theory has been such that in the past, we have seen a key-and-lock relationship between molecules of a certain shape that fit into a receptor.  This is how heroin works.  Its opioid chemical key fits into the natural opiate receptor.  The brain doesnt know the difference between the real, naturally-generated opioid and the synthetic drug.  What we found when we were able to crack the first main heuristic algorithm is that the human mind has a plethora of keys, all specialized for various functions.  There are many trigger compounds and only a few truly false keys. Witherspoon paused significantly.
I see.  Please continue," said Devers. Witherspoon scrutinized him for a moment, hesitated, then decided to plunge onward.  
	Evolution has been going on for quite some time.  Its only natural that some of these keys are for dormant capacities that arent used anymore.  A Wall Street broker doesnt need to feel the presence of game animals in the forest.  He doesnt need to smell pheromones to know if a female is fertile.  On the other hand, if he is a Cro-Magnon hunter he may indeed need these skills.  We looped our computer to get the heuristic algorithm.  We went through the main body of DNA, all eight billion pieces, and found what looked like a useable algorithm.  So we tested, and after a few million computer simulations, we had our first heuristic algorithm.  We programmed that into our research computer and then let a crude but effective artificial intelligence route out the other algorithms.  Now, our computers are very intelligent.  But there are some things they just cant do.
	Like read minds and see through walls, said Colonel Devers.
	Exactly.  We need a human to do that, said Witherspoon.
	What will we do if one of these mental patients starts to read your mind?
	Gently return him or her to the care of a state facility.  If the problem persists, an accident can be arranged.  These people are being tested once a month.  Troops in the field would get a daily dose.  The dosage is too small for any reaction to develop.  We arent trying to open the lock just yet.  Were merely trying to find the right key.  Got to make sure we wont drive our troops mad with this new Cro-Magnon cocktail.  If madness is our problem, then using mental patients is our best option.
____________________________________
Chapter Three 
	Similar observations have also been made in studies carried out on autopsied brain specimens obtained from human subjects.  In schizophrenic patients chronically treated with antipsychotic drugs, a significant increase of homo-vanillic acid is found in cingulate and frontal cortex.  But not in the putamen and nucleus accumbens, suggesting a possible locus for the therapeutic action of these drugs and providing the first direct experimental evidence that antipsychotic drug treatment increases the metabolism of dopamine in human brain in a regionally specific manner.
____________________________________
	James could feel half his mind arise from sleep.  Last night had been alcohol driven.  A pitcher of beer with Frog and shots of Jaegermeister liquor.  The sweet syrupy licorice flavor played on his tongue mixed with cigarettes, and beer.  Chris the ambulance driver had once said that the smell of beer and pizza revolted him after giving mouth-to-mouth respiration to a drunk regurgitating such a combination.  He thought of Chris and got up out of bed, went to the kitchen, and drank a mouthful of orange juice from a wax paper carton, put our scoops of Arabic coffee into the Braun coffeemaker, and then poured in the water.  It perked to life, and the flavor wafted through the air in the kitchen.
	Sunlight came in through the picture window.  He walked through piles of lumber and dead TVs, and out onto the balcony.  The thermometer needle pointed at 35 degrees.  He pulled open the sliding door, and felt a rush of cool, crisp Minnesota fall air brace against him.  Brisk, he thought.  He took in a few deep cool breaths and went back inside.  The coffee was still burping and coughing in the Braun.  He slid the door shut, and marveled at the sun coming in and hitting the balcony wall; red metal bars with cement on all walls, floor, and ceiling.
	In the kitchen he poured himself a cup of the brew, then proceeded, coffee mug in hand, back to his bedroom and sat in his desk chair.  His one-hitter was in the cleaning tray Frisbee.  He pinched off the top of a bud, and he packed the one-hitter full, and spun around in the swivel chair.  Picking up his pilots jacket from the floor, he reached into its inside pocket, and retrieved a lighter.  Holding his left thumbnail up to the port, he watched the reflection of fire in the shine of his thumbnail.  In the reflection, he saw the fire go out.  He had caught a buzz, gotten high.  He leaned back in his chair.  This is the good life, he thought.
	He sat there for several minutes.  Its a Monday, and that means mail.  
	Out the door he went, and into the elevator, down 13 floors and left to the wall covered with modern brushed aluminum mailbox doors.  Thirteen-thirteen, the box said.  Pulling out his key ring, he slid the key into its slot and twisted it open.  Five letters.  Columbia House, CCHR, Belle and Blade, Quartermaster, and Bryce Pharmaceuticals.  He put all but the last in his inside jacket pocket.  What does Bryce Pharmaceuticals want with me?  He thought.  He tore open the spine of the envelope.  He pulled the letter out and read.  The first paragraph said it all.
	You have been selected as a candidate for a six-month test of the Bryce Pharmaceuticals product SPRODEX.  Please check in at Room 213, Malcolm Moos Medical Center, between the hours of 8:00 A.M. and 4:00 P.M. Monday through Friday for scheduling.
	Yippidy Skippidy, James said out loud, thirty-six hundred bucks!
	He headed across the campus to the medical center.  This time there was no crowd.  He dug the letter out of his pocket and said to the receptionist, Excuse me maam, I got this acceptance letter this morning telling me to report in for scheduling.  What does that mean?
	We need to do a complete physical exam.  Blood and urine specimens will be taken and we need a baseline EEG.
	Whats an EEG?
	Thats an electroencephalogram.  Its sort of a snapshot of your brainwaves.  It was the same short, round receptionist who had given him his forms to fill out a week ago.  Are you free next week?
	Yeah, anytime, said James.  
	Then Ill put you on the calendar for Monday, 9:00 A.M.  Report here next Monday morning.  You must not eat anything after midnight the day before.  You have to fast for this.
	I understand. 
	Well, I guess well just see you on Monday then, she said.
	James turned and headed for the door.  See you all Monday, he said, and left.
	The air was crisp, cool, and invigorating as James left the medical center.  Bright sun streamed down through the old trees of the campus.  The grass was a mix of tans and greens.  A breeze was blowing gently.  It was a great day.  James walked past the campus quad, and onto the Washington Avenue Bridge.  He dug a cigarette from a pack in his jacket pocket and lit it, cupping his hand against the breeze.  He walked slowly on the sunny side of the bridge.  He thought about how fortunate he was.  He walked slowly back to the West Bank.  Soaking up the sun and breeze and marveling at the bright golds, reds and greens in the trees on the riverbank.  He passed other walkers on the south side of the bridge.  He noted the graffiti.  No new marks.  He reached the other side and into the parking lot and the view of the Hard Times.  
	Shadow engulfed the north face of the Hard Times as he looked at it over the roofs of the cars.  A bus pulled up in front of it.  The number seven, he thought.  He skirted around a Caprice and a Jeep, and walked on the grass to the street.  Traffic was light, and he got across without having to wait.  He walked in and saw Janet, Kira, Jerry, and Shelly.  A game of chess was on with several spectators.  Alice was stocking the cookie display case.  Huge six-inch peanut butter and chocolate chip cookies were now on sale.
	Jerry turned away from the conversation at the bar and said to James, I hear youre going to be a guinea pig for the U.
	I just got accepted this morning.  Thirty-six hundred bucks.  I gotta do a physical, but from then on, its just one day per month.  Easy.  James turned to the worker behind the counter, a mulatto woman, twenty-ish, with tattoos circling her neckline; very tribal and clean, primitive.  He paid for a cup of coffee and re-engaged the conversation with Jerry.  The documents they gave me say theyre trying to actually cure mental illness, put a stop to these daily pills.  Imagine being able to actually correct the brains chemistry permanently.  Like one pill, and its all over.
	You could actually have to get a job and work for an honest wage, said Jerry with a hint of a jeer.  
	Lets not get carried away, now.  Im happily retired.
	Youre happily lazy, said Jerry.
	Thats a part of it, but no one ever wants to incur a handicap, said James.
____________________________________
	Over the next few weeks, James went in for his physical, traveled home to spend Thanksgiving dinner with his family, and got his first $600-dollar check in the mail.  He celebrated by going out for breakfast at Als with his friend Frog and buying three new pipes for smoking marijuana.  He also bought three new small sacks of that grassy weed from his favorite dealer, DJ.
	On weekends, James stayed up until dawn and slept the day away, waking at 4:00 P.M.  November 24 was one of these weekend days, and on this Saturday of the Thanksgiving holiday he rose, went through his usual routine of waking, smoking, and coffee.  He turned on the radio and tuned in 97.1.  Natalie Merchant was singing Carnival.  He went to his balcony, retrieved his bicycle, and rolled it through his junk-strewn living room, opened the door, and headed down to the first floor.
	The sky was overcast as he headed out on his circuit of the city.  First, it was a ride over the Washington Avenue Bridge to Dinkytown.  Then he went up 4th Street to Saint Anthony on Main.  From there it was up Hennepin Avenue to downtown, and through to Uptown.  He stopped in for a beer at the Uptown Bar and then went east on Lake Street to Chicago Avenue.  It was north on Chicago to Franklin Avenue and on from there to the walkbridge over the highway connecting the Phillips neighborhood with the West Bank.  Then it was on to the Hard Times, and people and socializing. 
	He found Frog and Jerry talking about thermodynamics and entropy.  Deep in mathematical theorems, they were.  They hardly noticed him as he sat down.  Jerry was trying to point out that through entropy, all of humankinds accomplishments were doomed to chaos, and in that chaos all things eventually would fall apart.  Frog asked Jerry, If entropy is going to destroy all things, then how long has the dishwasher got to live?  
How does entropy affect my chances with the blonde in the corner?  The studious one in the blue tie-dye? said James.
	I dont know.  Go buy her a latte or espresso, said Frog.
	Wish me luck, said James as he went to the bar and procured two small cups of espresso.  He walked to the slender blondes table and noticed the psychology textbook and notebook.  She was engrossed in her studies.  
	Excuse me for interrupting your studies, but it looked like you could use a break.  Care for an espresso?
	She raised her head from her books and smiled.  Her expression said it all.  She was clearly surprised by the coffee and puzzled by the odd man who was its vehicle.
	Ive never had that line used on me.  Sit awhile.  I do have to study for this test.  My financial aid depends on my getting at least a B.
	Freshman psych?  I took that years ago.  Id offer to help but my datas a bit outdated.  They still using Pavlovs dogs?
	Of course, but Im doing behavior mod.  Im studying to work for the State.
	Really.  Im retired at the moment.  My names James.
	Mines Cathleen.  They shook hands ceremoniously and Cathleen began to sip the small cup of coffee.  
	This is a nice place, James said.  It attracts a diverse crowd.
	I like it for studying.  No one bothers you.  She considered her words for a moment adding, Except you, but I dont feel bothered.
	Good, said James.  Did you go home for Thanksgiving?
	Yeah.  Saw the family.  We live near Mankato.  Thirteen of us around the table, it was great.
	Six of us at our table, five family and one guest, my fathers fishing buddy.  Hes divorced and doesnt run into a family setting often.
	They talked for 20 minutes, which is a long while to linger over so small a cup of coffee.  Phone numbers were exchanged, schedules, and a commitment was made to see each other again.  James left her to her studies and walked over to DJs house.  She opened the door with a rich smile and her usual north Iowa, Howdy do.
	Care to join me in a buzz? she said.
	Dont mind if I do.  James sat on the couch while DJ roosted in her favorite chair.
	Just how did grass get illegalized?
	Herb has a long history going back to very ancient cultures.  The horsemen of southern Russia used to make hemp bonfires and breathe in the smoke.  That was about the time of the Roman Empire.  Before that, it was used by Indians.  Not our local type, but the real Hindus.  They called it Soma.  Here in the States, it was first made illegal in the Mexican Border States to try to discourage Mexican laborers from settling down near good-old white America.  Then in the thirties, it got tied up with blacks.  Here in America, its always been tied to racism.  First the Mexicans and then the blacks.  Most recently, its been tied to liberal politics.  During the Vietnam War, it was a talisman of sorts, a mark that stated opposition to the war.  But thats 30 years ago.  Its legal in Vancouver in Canada and in Amsterdam, Holland.  Its the new Prohibition.  Lots of people smoke and accept the black market status of weed.  Muslims smoke hashish rather than drinking alcohol.
	Do you ever think it will be legalized?
	Not for a while yet.  Let all the sixties radicals become senators and then maybe something will happen.  She lit her pipe, filled her lungs, and passed the pipe and lighter to James.  He did the same.
	As she reached for the pipe she said, They first had state laws against grass in Mexican border states with lots of migrant workers.  Then in 37, the Feds got mad at the blacks for smoking it and passed the Marijuana Stamp Act.  To possess grass, you had to have a stamp.  The farce was that the feds wouldnt sell stamps to anyone unless they had hemp in hand.  Youd get arrested before you got the stamp.  They came up with this bright idea from the success they had regulating machine guns with a similar stamp system.  Timothy Leary challenged it all in the late sixties and the law was changed, but grass was made just as illegal.
             James responded, I was pretty sure it had to do with racism or some other evil.  Just another case of white men on whiskey trying to take over the world.  James had no idea as to the prophetic nature of his statement.
Chapter Four
	Ecstasy, also known as XTC or E, affects serotonin, a brain chemical that regulates mood, emotion, sleep, appetite, memory and sexual behavior.  The drug typically induces feelings of euphoria, increased energy and sexual arousal, and makes people feel a need to be touched or hugged.
	However, in high doses the illegal drug known scientifically as methylenedioxy methamphetamine, or MDMA, can cause a sharp increase in body temperature, leading to muscle breakdown, kidney and heart failure, and death.  .  .  
	.  .  .  The researchers found that, compared with the brains of women who had never taken Ecstasy, the brains of heavy Ecstasy female users had weaker concentrations of serotonin transporters, the sites on brain cell surfaces that mop up serotonin from the space between cells after it has finished acting on other cells.
	If the chemical is not mopped up, further brain signals cant get through.
	MDMA gets into the brain through the serotonin transporter.  A missing transporter means a dead cell.
____________________________________
	December 3, 2001, 8:30 A.M.  The moment had come.  James arose, dressed, and headed to the East Bank.  It was overcast, no visible sun behind the clouds.  He plodded along automatically, and came to the Moos Medical Center.  Its impressive modern architecture loomed before him.  He went inside, and reported to Room 213.  They had him wait there, and a wheelchair with an attendant showed up.  James let the process begin by getting in the chair, and allowing the attendant to push him to an elevator, and over to the University Hospital, one city block away, and into a room with a bed, curtained windows, and a large glass window, mirrored on the inside.  James took one look at the mirrored glass, and felt a twitch of paranoia.  Skilled at defeating this emotion, he put it out of the clear forefront of his mind.
	Whats up, doc? he said, as Witherspoon and Devers materialized looking into the room through the one-way mirrored glass.
	Witherspoon spoke.  Well need you to change into a hospital gown and the nurse will help put the electrodes on.  You will be monitored by EEG.  
	Electroencephalograph?  Damn.  This must be interesting to you guys, James said.
	Witherspoon pulled a clipboard out, and reeled back two pages, looking intently at the data on the uncovered page.  Youre James McGregor and youre here for the Sprodex trial.  Now, Mr. McGregor, weve planned on giving you a sedative with this to calm you generally, and inhibit any adverse reaction to the Sprodex.  Youre not allergic to Rohypnol, are you?
	Not that I know of.
	Thats good, continued Witherspoon.  We will be monitoring your brain activity in the next room.  If you have any problems, well be right with you monitoring the EEG.  This should go off without a hitch.  Get into the gown, and into bed, and well tell you when were ready.
	James stripped down and donned the gown, slipped into the bed, and waited.  A nurse soon appeared.  She peeled backing off of four adhesive electrodes, and stuck them onto his temples, and forehead.
	Thats it, she said.  Ill go and get your medication.  Ill be back in a minute. 
	She left him there to contemplate his surroundings, and the wires attached to his head.  He gazed out the window at the houses across the street.  It was early December snow flurries.  He watched as flakes sped past his window.
	The nurse returned with a small paper cup of pills, and a larger cup of water.  Nothing really happens for the first hour, she said.  Swallow these and wash them down with the water.
	James took both cups, and shot the pills to the back of his throat.  One gulp of the water and they would be gone.  He swallowed them all, put the extra water down on the bedside cupboard, and leaned back into the pillow.  This is nice, he thought.
	He stared out the window at the houses and snow.  Overcast, he thought.  Soon his body felt rubbery and heavy.  It felt as if he were sinking into the mattress.  He watched the snow streak by the window, lines trailing the flakes.  His eyes felt irritated.  He closed them for a moment.  He looked at the clock.  Nine-thirty, it read.  From that point on, he could remember nothing clearly.  There was that doctor and that other man talking and smiling.  Then cards.  Playing cards.  Something, a game maybe.  He tried to speak, but the words that came to his mind werent the ones he was saying.  He found himself dreaming of Cathleen.  Her smiling face in fall sun.  His dream felt like an assertion.  Like someone was dreaming for him, and this dream of Cathleen was his own dream.  The new dream had won the fight.  He was dreaming his own dream now.  He felt his dream leave and the stupor of waking take over.  He looked around the dark room.  He looked outside.  It was dark.  He looked at the clock.  Four-twenty, it said.  Four-twenty in the morning.  Christ, those pills packed a punch.  A whole day gone, he thought, still, its better to sleep till morning, and he rolled onto his right side and went back to sleep.  He was dreaming of cards and Cathleen.
	They woke him at 6:30 and he was alert and conscious immediately.  Doctor Witherspoon walked into the room, clipboard in hand, and said, Thats all there is to it, Mr. McGregor.
	Thanks Doc, I feel all right.  Will I be able to walk around?  I mean is that sedative out of my system?
	It should be by now.  Get dressed.  How were your dreams?
	I kept seeing playing cards.  Feel like Ive been playing poker all night.
	Interesting, Ill make a note of that.  The doctor wrote a note on his clipboard.
	James rose, nude, and walked to the closet where his clothes were, and began to dress.
	Well have a wheelchair here for you in a few minutes, the doctor said.
	Thats cool, James said.
	Dressed, he sat in a chair and waited for his ride.  He reached into his jacket pocket and withdrew his cigarettes.  He couldnt get the cards out of his head.  Something about them bothered him.  Something different than a dream.  A dreamlike experience that he just couldnt remember.
	The attendant arrived with the wheelchair.  A young, smallish blonde woman.  Young, in her early twenties, he thought.
	Mr. McGregor? she queried in the doorway of the room.
	Thats me, he replied.  He sat down into the wheelchair.  Home, Jeeves, he said as she smiled.  She wheeled him through the halls, elevator and into the front lobby.  He stood up as she came to a stop at the glass doors.  Reaching into his pocket for his lighter, he lit up his cigarette and kept walking out the doorway onto the early morning crisp wintry day.  The flurries had left about three inches of snow on the ground.  It crunched under the soles of his running shoes.  He thought of Cathleen and the playing cards.
	Crunching, falling, snow was all around.  Arriving at Al's, he took an empty seat.  He interfaced with the waitress and gave his usual order.  He smelled the bacon, eggs, toast, and cakes cooking.  There was a certain something to all those smells that he hadnt noticed before.  He began to catalogue all the conflicting aromas.  Butter on the grill, aftershave, coffee, deodorant, perfume, starch, wood, maple syrup, jam, and soap.  All the smells of freshly showered workers, and students beginning a long day.  These aromas stood out at him.  He began to sense other things, too.  The man next to him was worried about todays test in class.  The waitress was thinking about a boyfriend.  The woman to his left was thinking about blood specimens shed left in the employees food refrigerator.  The lab fridge was filled to capacity.  
James looked at the cook/owner, and had this strange feeling he was thinking about an order, a radio show, and his business partner all in one jumbled messy convergence of thought.  James sat back in amazement, and thought of the years hed spent in Anoka, which was the state hospital for the mentally ill.  He thought of his hallucinations there.  The radio, and TV giving him private messages.  Could this be a relapse?  Could he be imagining this?  Was the drug at fault?  Had it counteracted his psych med, the Olanzapine?
	He thought of the drugs he had taken in the past, and noted the potency of each one.  This experience was hitting him like a hallucinogen, and like those drugs in the past.  He could reason through this.  The LSD hed taken had caused him to see patterns and colors that werent there, pointillism, little dots of colors, like those pinpoints of color in French impressionist paintings.  How should he remedy this situation?  Go talk to DJ.  She would know.
	He paid his bill, and left.  Strange images kept assaulting his mind.  He wound his way through ivy-encrusted brick, past stainless steel modern art, and the stately quad.  More flashes of other thoughts.  Sex, drugs, and rock and roll, sampled along with astronomy, chemistry, and architecture.  Plots of overthrow and sexual longing.  He could sense it all while crunching through the snow on the walkways going to the West Bank and the more familiar lives that related directly to his own life.
	He left the antiseptic, the analytic, and the logical, for the experiential, the imaginative, and the creative.  The East Bank broke it all down into atoms.  The West Bank put it together into a beautiful mandala sand painting.
	He emerged from the Wilson Library parking lot onto Riverside Avenue.  Right was the caf.  Left was DJs house.  He chose the caf and lit up a cigarette.  He left it there, burning, as he went to the cashier and got a ceramic cup filled with French press brewed coffee.  He paid, and went back to his smoke, drawing it into his lungs and sipping at the black brew.
	He stared for a moment at the cashier.  She was bright and alert.  Pretty, pale skinned, slender, twenty-ish and clad in a Mexican cotton white shirt, and blue jeans.  Oxblood red Doc Martins boots finished off the ensemble.  Gail was her name.  He remembered meeting her one afternoon.
	It was too early for Frog or DJ.  Neither of his friends would be awake till ten A.M.
	He decided to test his vision, and see if he could sense what was on Gails mind.  He sipped on his cooling coffee, and studied her, standing there.
	Slowly it came to mind like a dream.  Music, he thought.  Shes thinking of music.  And dieting.  Shes hungry but wants to be even more slender.  I can see her standing on a bathroom scale.  One-ten.  She weighed exactly one hundred, and ten pounds this morning as she got out of the shower.  He thumbed through the printout of her mind in his mental fingers.
	A comment would be rude, he thought.  He sipped on the coffee, now cooler, and mulled over this new spate of hallucination.  At this hour, it would be good to go home.  He finished the coffee, and looked behind himself at the traffic piling up outside.  Rush hour and classes were drawing cars into the University parking lots.  Employees were going to work on the same crowded streets.
	He left the coffee cup behind, and went out the door and onto the sidewalk.  Still crunching snow, he walked past the bank, the art store, the futon store, and crossed Cedar Avenue.
	The towers loomed over him with their modern art colored squares on their sides.  He pulled his wallet out as he walked through the glass doors.  He held his magnetic pass up to the thigh-height sensor, and heard the door lock click open.  Up the elevator to 13, and soon he was keying open his door.
	He was greeted by lumber, old stereos, and televisions.  He walked past them to his bedroom.  He lay down on his futon mattress and thought about this latest predicament.  Was it illness coming back, was it the new drug, or was it both?
	He could hear more thoughts.  All the people in the tower waking up.  Days being planned.  Breakfasts being made.  All this going on, all these ideas given voice in his mind.  Had something changed in his mind, or would it all wear off like some ordinary recreational drug?  He thought, "its a bit like the fear you feel on LSD of not being able to come down for hours."  He lay there, and listened to a small citys worth of mental activity.  He lay there for hours, listening as rush hour accelerated to its hurried pace.  Slowly the building emptied out, and he was left with wives, the handicapped, the retired, and a few who had the day off.
	Listening died down.  By ten A.M. he was wide-awake, and the torrent of minds had faded to only a few thoughts.  Routine daily chores.  The more active minds were gone, and the volume of the torrent of thought had eased to a trickle.  He decided to head for DJs place.
	In ten minutes, he was rapping quietly on her door.  He listened for her footsteps and heard her approach.  She looked through the curtained window and spoke with a smile.  Hey there, whats got you up so early?
	Just freaking out, nothing major, replied James.
	She opened the door and said, Cmon in and follow me into the kitchen, just getting breakfast rolling.  Have you eaten yet?
	I had an Als breakfast.  I just had my first treatment with that new drug Im supposed to be testing.  Its got some really bizarre side effects.  I feel like I can read minds.
	Read minds, eh?  When did this start up?  Are you still taking your psych meds?
	Yeah, I am.  I need at least three pills a day to keep sane.  I spent last night at the U hospital with electrodes in my head.  They released me early at six-thirty A.M.  Ever since, I have felt like I could hear peoples thoughts.
	Well, thats bizarre, said DJ.  Are you going to do something about it?  Talk to the doctor in charge?  Maybe this stuff just isnt working out in your case.  You told me earlier that they tried you on Haldol and Risperadone and that stuff didnt work for you.  My first impression would be that this stuff is harming you more than its helping you.  She poured pancake batter into a skillet and looked back at James.
	That may be true, he said, but I just have this general feeling that this weirdness is the whole purpose of the drug.  I dont think its a psych med at all.  I think theyre using us as guinea pigs for some sort of test.
	Thats very bizarre thinking, Jimmy.  Youre talking like a grade-A conspiracy nut.  Next thing ya know, youll have alien abductions and the Kennedy gig on your mind.
	When I woke up, I kept thinking about cards.  Playing cards.  Like I spent the whole night playing poker.  Do you have any?
	Sure, in this drawer, said DJ.  Think you can guess what they are?  She reached into the drawer, pulling out a deck of cards.  She looked at them, flipped her pancake, and then withdrew the deck.  Looking at the first exposed card she said, Guess what Im looking at.  She was looking at a king of diamonds.
	Diamonds, a king or a queen.  Its a face card, isnt it?  James said.
	You got lucky.  King of diamonds.  Next one, glancing at a two of hearts.
	Two of hearts, guessed James.
	Shit, said DJ, shaking her head.
Chapter Five
	The pineal gland is of interest for two reasons.  First, it contains all the enzymes required for the synthesis of serotonin, plus two enzymes for further processing serotonin, more of these enzymes than any other organ.  The pineal contains more than fifty times as much 5-HT, per gram, as the whole brain.  Second, the metabolic activity of the pineal 5-HT enzymes can be controlled by many external factors, including the neural activity of the sympathetic nervous system operating through release of norepinephrine.
____________________________________
	The benefits of CAT and PET scans are illuminating, yes, but I want to get a specimen that we can extract and stain.  Dr. Witherspoon frowned at the graphs impatiently, glancing at Col.  Devers to drive home his point.
	The budget for this operation is sufficient for me to guarantee a harvest capability.  Which subject did you have in mind? said Devers.
There are several who did well on the playing card double-blind test, Witherspoon admitted.  I believe we have a choice of which ones we want to harvest now and which we harvest later, say, after about the fifth treatment. 
Does your computer give you any insight into this potential? asked Devers.
	Our computer is still unfolding proteins, Witherspoon paused for a moment.  He rubbed his eyes.  It, or he, or whatever, is asking for more data on neural glandular production.  This is a work in progress.  We want to get HK-521 into our people as soon as possible.  There are intelligence priorities that take precedence.
	When do you want to harvest a subject?  Devers asked.
	Soon.  Not just yet, but soon.
____________________________________
	DJ grabbed her green military overcoat and said to James, Cmon, lets get going.  Theres someone I want you to meet.
	Who?
	Thats top secret until we get there.  My guess is that when youre doing this drug test, they have you on some kind of truth serum like sodium pentothal or whatever to keep you compliant and submissive.  Then they run you through their tests and they dont have to worry about your honesty.  Its better you dont know all that goes on at this point.  I can tell you this muchI dont get my weed from growers in town.  Most of its Mexican and that means organized crime.  I am taking you a few notches up on the food chain.  Behave yourself.  Don't ask a lot of questions that wont be answered anyway.
	Sure, fine, replied James.  
	They both walked out into the light snow to the aged Cadillac and DJ drove southeast onto the 94 expressway and east to St. Paul.  She drove ten minutes to Snelling Avenue, and then into the blocks of houses, finally stopping in front of a small, white house.  It was the sort of house James thought would be ideal for your grandparents to retire to.
	Cmon, were expected, DJ said.  They left the car unlocked and crunched up the snowy steps.
	A clean-cut, 30ish man answered.  Caucasian, well dressed in black jeans and a ski sweater.  Close-cut hair and a gold hoop earring.  Very much the look of a model citizen.  He looked DJ in the eye and spoke directly to her.  Come on in and tell me more about this interesting phenomena you mentioned on the phone.
	DJ nodded to James and moved through the door.  James followed her into a small living room furnished in Scandinavian modern sofa, tables and chairs.  DJ broke the silence.
	You gotta see this.  She pulled her deck of cards out of her satchel and sat at the sofa.  She began shuffling the cards.  
	Cmere, Steven.  Cut these cards any way you want.  This guy will guess em right.
	Really?  Steven cut the cards making five piles with a very random pattern of re-assembly.  Try that, then.
	James sat in a chair facing the sofa and concentrated on the deck.  Two of hearts, jack of spades, ten of clubs.
	DJ flipped over the top three cards on the deck.  Two, jack, ten of the proper suits.  
	Stevens interest was raised.  He reached for the deck and shuffled it.  Then he further cut the deck and used his random technique to make absolutely sure the cards were thoroughly mixed.  Now try, he said.
	King of diamonds, three of clubs, and seven of clubs.
	Steve peeled off the top three cards.  Each one was a perfect match in perfect order.
	And thats not all, said DJ.  Think about something.
	Steven looked at her quizzically and said, What do you mean, think of something?
	He can read minds, said DJ.
	Okay, can you read this?
	I can sense that youre concentrating on an album, a record in your bedroom, but beneath that thought you are worried about three kilos of cocaine you have stashed in the basement.  Youre a member of what cops call organized crime, and youre curious about how I can be of help.
	Steve fixed a gaze on James, sharp enough to skewer him to the wall.  So, how can you be of help?  When cops get a hold of this Sprodex shit, I and many others will be out of business.
	We can get a jump on them, James answered easily.  You have people in the designer drug business.  If they can crack the chemical code on this shit, you can start to mass-produce it, and get it out onto the street for twenty bucks a pill.  I foresee this becoming a revolution.  Turn it back onto the bastards who keep harassing us for our choices in libation.  Theres two targets that have to be hit, their office in the Moos Medical Tower and their pharmacy.  With luck, my weird insight will last awhile, maybe a week.  My sight can get us the documents, and a sample of the real stuff.
	Steve pondered for a moment then seemed to agree as a moment of revelation passed through him.
	I know some people who can help out on this project.  Call me tomorrow, and we can set something up.
	Its Room 213 of the Moos Tower, and the main pharmacy in the U hospital.  Thats what we have to get.
 	Cool it, hotshot, said Steve.  We do this methodically, and it will work out just fine.  Planning makes it possible.  We may want to incorporate you into some of this.  Your sight may enable us to move with a short timetable.  You cant go back there.  They get you babbling on Rohypnol and you could cook all of us like a Christmas goose.
	I understand, said James.
	This is a partnership.  We move in ways that dont gather attention.  I will have our people prepare the way.  You can be our radar if you want to go through with it.
	Im up for it.  If cops got this stuff, my life would change for the worse.
	Then lets toast our upcoming venture with a little of that coke you saw in my mind.  Steve turned and reached to a high shelf   and withdrew a sugar bowl of white and blue porcelain.  He spooned out about two grams of white powder onto the glass-topped coffee table in front of the sofa.  From the sugar bowl also came a single edged razor blade.  He smoothed the cocaine into lines.  He produced a wallet and withdrew a crisp new five-dollar bill.  He rolled it into a tube and sniffed up the first line of cocaine.  Then he passed the tube to James and he inhaled a line.  DJ did the same in turn.
	Wow, said James.  This must be good stuff.  My face is numb.
____________________________________
	Evening settled on the West Bank amid snow, and slowed traffic.  I really dig this tranquility, thought James.  He walked into the Hard Times, cruised past the line of people waiting for service from the cashier and beelined for the pay phones on the wall.  He dropped in two quarters and keyed in Cathleens number.
	Hello, said a mousy sweet female voice.
	"This is James.  Got any plans for the evening?
	Ive got a comp class Im writing for.  But I should be done with that in an hour or so.  What have you got in mind? said Cathleen.
	Have you had dinner yet? said James.
	Not really, said Cathleen.
	Come try the trout at Caf Brenda.  We can share a bottle of wine and munch on fish.  Fishy, fishy, said James.
	That sounds nice.  Look, its six oclock now.  Ill bike over to your place at seven.  See you then.
	Okay, youre on.  Seven, then.  That left an hour to kill.  He looked around the customer dining area and spotted Jerry.  Do you still think entropy is going to destroy the dishwashing machine? he said.
	But of course.  It has moving parts so wear is inevitable, said Jerry.
	Whats up, buddy? said James.
	Ive been trying to design a hollow turbine fin, for use in a turbo jet aircraft.  Its for my lab on turbine engines.  The curves are being programmed into the computer, said Jerry.
	Is this the old 386 or the new Athlon?
	Both, but mostly the Athlon, said Jerry.
	I hope your calculations are correct, said James.
	My languages are very out-of-date.  My first work on the 386 was in BASIC, and any new stuff is all in FORTRAN 77, said Jerry.
	You need JAVA and C, said James.
	Yeah, thats true, but Im having fun with what Im doing.  How about you?  Hows the guinea pig job going?
	Got my first check which is nice, but I think Im gonna quit.  Side effects bother me.  Im not going in again.
	Im sorry to hear that.  You gonna be around for awhile?
	No, as a matter of fact, Im going on a road trip with DJ soon, said James
	Really?  Ive got class so I cant go but I would if I could.  Where to?
	Someplace in California.  Near San Francisco, said James.
	Drivin' or flyin? inquired Jerry.
	Flying.  Say, I gotta get home soon.  Cathleens gonna meet me there.  Were going to Brendas for dinner.
	Woo!  Trez chick, said Jerry.
	Yeah.  Im gonna be gone for awhile, so I want us to part on happy ground. said James.
	Good, see you later then, said Jerry.
	Yeah, see ya.  James turned and walked out of the caf into the snow, to McKnight Tower.  He checked his mail, and found a letter from Bryce Pharmaceuticals.  It was an order to report for a psych testing date with a Dr. Nathan Griffin.  It was even signed by this new doctor.  The appointment was scheduled for December 10, 9 A.M.  Damn, he thought.  This is gonna alter our time table.
	The elevator stopped on floor 13.  Cathleen would be here in 40 minutes.  He set up a pot of coffee and cleaned his bedroom.  The floor slowly reappeared beneath clothes and other debris.  He cleaned off his desk and threw a black velvet cloth over the computers.  He reached for his candle collection and arranged them around the room, lighting each one.  He put two in the kitchen next to the entry hall with its pass-through window port.  The place actually looked good.  The living room still had piles of lumber and electronics equipment in it, but in the half-light of the candles, that rooms debris was darkly concealed.  
	The buzzer for the door on the first floor sounded.  James hit the door latch button without a word.  He then lit an incense burner with a small globe of frankincense.  It hissed and smoked, filling the room with its rich timeless scent.
	Soon, there was a knock at the door.  When he answered, there was Cathleen clad in an outdated leather coat, jeans and bicycle helmet.  
	Come in, come in, youre no doubt cold, he said.
	She led her mountain bike in and he took it from her, and parked it alongside his bike on the balcony.
	Care for some hot coffee?
	Sure, Ill take a cup.  Its cold out there.
	James poured fresh coffee into a mug and handed it to Cathleen.  She unbuttoned her coat and took off the helmet.  Laying her cold weather gear onto a defunct television, she stepped toward the kitchen and he handed her coffee.  
	Come into the candlelight, he said.  He led her into the half-light of the bedroom.
	So, when do we eat trout at Brendas? she asked.
	Ive got us a reservation at nine.  He set his coffee down on the worktable with the two covered computers.  The next two hours belong to us.  Cathleen still cradled her coffee as James began kissing her temple, her cheek, and her neck.  She turned away and set her coffee on one of the bedside cabinets and returned to kiss him fully.
____________________________________
	For James, the next week was a blur.  Planning the robbery with DJ and Steve.  Sex with Cathleen.  Her courses and busy schedule.  The fear that the Sprodex would wear off.  He would be depending on his enhanced talents to pull the crime off.
	The raid was scheduled for Monday night, following the interview with Dr. Griffin.
	James walked into the Moos Tower at 8:50 and reported in to Room 213.
	The secretary made a phone call, talked a bit and put the receiver back in its cradle.  Dr. Griffin will see you in Room 216, just down the hall.
	Thank you, Ill go now.  James rose and left and looked down the hall and spotted Room 216s sign.  He knocked on the door and twisted the knob and quipped, Dr. Griffin, I presume?
	Yes, yes, come in.  A small wiry man inside beckoned him in to a chair opposite a chair and desk in the corner.  He was poring over a medical chart.
	Please sit down, Mr. McGregor.  I have some questions to ask you.
	About what, Doctor?
	We want to see if the Sprodex is working for you.
	James concentrated on the mental picture inside Griffins mind.  A picture of a human brain came into view.  He could sense some words:  amygdale, cerebrum, and pineal body.  Slowly this brain was being cut into pieces.  Tissue harvest came to mind.  Death.
	The good doctor wanted to kill him and cut up his brain.  Fear filled his mind.  He was being confronted by his own murder.
	The doctor began asking a series of routine questions.
	Pain when you urinate?
	No.
	Pain in your chest?
	No.
	Frequent heartburn?
	No.
	Return of your psychiatric symptoms?
	Well yes, sort of.  When I am ill, I feel like radio and TV are giving me secret messages.
	Really.  Tell me more.
	Ever since I tried the Sprodex, I have that feeling once again.  Thats why Ive made a decision to stop my participation in the trial.  Im sorry, but the drug just isnt working for me.
	Oh, said Griffin.  Im sorry to hear that.  He looked dismayed.  James concentrated on the mind picture again.  He saw the brain disappear.  It was replaced by a man with a gun, a small revolver with a cylinder on the end of the barrel, a silencer.  James contained his fear.  Paranoia, that familiar twinge, was back.
	The doctor folded shut the medical chart in which he had been writing.  I guess that concludes our business.  Were done here.  He outstretched his hand to shake with James.  James met with his own hand and they shook.
	Sorry about this, doc, but I have to stay healthy or I face a stay in a mental hospital.
	I understand, Mr. McGregor.  I may want to speak with you again to document this event you have experienced.
	Sure doc, my phone and address are in your chart.  Call sometime.
	James got up and left.  The cold, chilling notion of his own fatality cooled his spine and grew until he could feel it in his mind.  My fatality.  My death.  The end of my life just so that old fool could rifle through my brain like a housewife cooking a squash.  The squash.  He had noted that, that was what Griffin had labeled the brain.  He had called it the 'squash'.
____________________________________
	James and DJ arrived at Steves house.  
	Steve introduced James to George and Finnegan, the thieves that his network had procured.  Finnegan wore horn-rimmed sunglasses.  They were both dressed in hospital blue surgical scrub trousers and shirts with matching head-coverings.  Finnegan reached into his tan wool overcoat and produced similar clothes for James to put on.  Both Finnegan and George picked up large military duffel bags and folded them inside their coats.
	We go in, hide in the morgue till midnight," said Finnegan.  We hit Room 213 first.  Then we get the pharmacy.  Our tactic is to clean the place out and make it look like a proper robbery.  That way the people making your Sprodex wont suspect whats going on for awhile.
	Ill be doing the driving, Steve said.  Well be linked on these radios.  Steve produced two Kenwood hand-held walkie-talkie type radios.  They were black, palm sized, with a keypad of numbers and a liquid crystal screen.
	We move fast.  Five minutes for 213 and 15 for the pharmacy.  Heres a floor plan.  He withdrew a blue chart from a tube on Steves couch and spread it out on the glass-topped coffee table.  George smoothed out the blueprint and pointed out the elevators and entrances, the places likely to be staffed at midnight.  He then produced a set of keys, four on a ring.  I made these three days ago.  We shouldnt have any problems.  The duffel bags are for the pharmacy.  We expect a big load.  Time to go now.  DJ will wait here for us.
	"Good luck, guys, said DJ.
____________________________________
	Since the closure in 1972 of the Central Intelligence Agencys nuclear, biological, and chemical warfare station in Singapore, and the end of project MK Ultra, the Fellowship has sought to redefine its medical intelligence role.  HK-521 promises a new dawn in the NBC warfare realm once confined to the study of toxins and battlefield anatomy.  This new compound suggests an ability to provide the intelligence community an ultimate surveillance tool and the worlds first true lie detector test.  Not since the failed and flawed tests done during the program MK Ultra have we been this close to a drug that can transcend the complete meaning of the  program of a truth serum and create a seeing witness who can read the mind of another person and totally go around the need for a subject to be made truthful.  We will now be able to see into his mind and know all whether he cooperates or not.  His cooperation is no longer necessary.
	No longer will we scan for enemy mole agents with clumsy and ineffective polygraph tests and their infamous 20% failure rate.  Our agents will be able to inspect the minds of friend and foe alike.  We will be able to get a clear picture of what these minds contain.
	Homeland security will be bolstered.  Organized crime will be powerless and transparent.  Illegal drugs will be stopped at our borders.
	Because of these benefits, we must continue our tissue harvest.  We need to know intimately the side effects and neurochemical mechanics of this great discovery.  There is just so far a scientist can research a compound with test animals and ablation.
	This project is named for the oracle of Delphi in ancient Greece who told futures for a fee.  If we are successful, then we can produce a hundred new oracles at will and fulfill our intelligence needs for the next millennium with little to no cost for training.  We can command the world without a military budget, and replace that cost with a greatly reduced psi budget.  We will have both global domination, and a peace dividend.  We will have our cake and eat it too.
Signed
N. L. Griffin, M.D., Ph.D.
Director, Delphi Project
____________________________________
	Steve dropped them off outside of the employee entrance at 10:25.  They walked past the time clock with its array of punch cards.  The first key had been used on this doorway.  They walked to an elevator and rode down to the basement.  George used the second key on the morgue doors.  They donned rubber gloves and waited in the darkness.  It would be an hour and a half till their action was planned.
	Im feeling something.  Nobody alive.  Dont worry.  No ones coming.  Theres something here of importance, James said in a whisper.  Several tables held corpses in varying degrees of dissection and autopsy.
	Here, he said, pulling the shroud loose.  Numbly, he realized it was a face he recognized.  It was the friendly man who had greeted him when he had applied for the program at Room 213.  He was nude, and his head had been shaved.  The toe tag refreshed James memory:  Phil Brach.  James just stood there with the shroud in his hand, aghast at what had happened to this acquaintance of his.
	George came over to where James stood.  Check on his brain, James said.  James and George lifted the head of the corpse and noted a cut, an incision, running from ear-to-ear across the back of the head.  Boldly George peeled back the skin and pointed out the saw cut on the skull.  Pulling the skin yet farther, he plucked the cap of skull out, and showed the empty cavity to James.  This guy has no brain.
	Put him back together.  Theres nothing we can do to help this guy out, George said.
	They wrenched the skull cap of bone back into place and pulled the skin back.  James slid the shroud back into place.
	These guys are playing for keeps, George said.  You better be careful you dont end up like this Brach fellow.
	Yeah, what time is it?
	George looked at his watch and said 11:43.  We better get ready.  Turn that radar of yours on and lets see if the halls are empty, George said.  All clear?
	All clear, James replied.
	All three quietly moved out of the pathology lab doors and into the corridor.  They took the underground tunnels into the Moos Medical Towers basement.  Then they ducked into a stairwell and went up two floors to Room 213.  
	George used his third key on the 213 door.  The lock snapped open, and all three ducked in.  George taped the door window over with duct tape.  He turned on a desk lamp and James went to work like a human divining rod.  He went through files, pulling out what he felt was usable.  Finnegan found a locked cabinet in a corner and popped its lock with a small pry bar.  Check this out, he said, If theyre lockin' it up, they must value it.
	Youre right.  I can feel it.  These we take, said James as he passed three three-ring binders and a large plastic jar of pills down to George who put them in his duffel bag.  
Id say weve pretty well cleaned out this place.  Hows your radar, James?  Anyone out in the hall? said George.
	James put his hands on the taped window.  All clear, he said.  They shouldered their duffels, and took the most direct route to the pharmacy that spatial logic would permit.  George used his fourth, last, key and they were inside.  
	George made a beeline for a padlocked grey sheet metal cabinet.  He produced a bolt cutter and snapped through the lock.  Turning on a small flashlight he said, Heres your Sprodex, James, and everything else from Oxycontin to Demerol.
	They quickly unloaded the cabinet.  A three-pound jar of cocaine hydrochloride, Vicodins, Percodans, all went into the two duffel bags.  Nothing was left behind.  As soon as the load was sacked and shouldered, they trotted out the employee door.  George dug his radio out of a pocket, and said, Elvis has left the building.  They hid themselves and their cargo in trees and shrubbery just outside the doorway.  Steve and his silver four-door Ford Taurus soon appeared.  They all piled in as Steve headed for the highway on-ramp.  Three minutes later, they were cruising on Highway 94 east to St. Paul and Steves house.  Ten minutes later, they pulled into the driveway.  They disgorged themselves and their precious cargo and Steve unlocked the back door of the modest house and inside and down into the basement.  They carefully unloaded the duffel bags and gingerly handed out the glass jars and plastic bottles.
	Steve picked up bottles and jars and pronounced, Guys, we just made an extra fifty thousand dollars on top of this whole Sprodex mess.
	We did it, exclaimed Finnegan.
	DJ came down the wooden stairs and into the basement.  James was taking off his rubber gloves when he sighted her.
	I think weve earned our lot for the evening.  Care to peruse our loot of this nights caper?  James said.
	You two have earned a nice vacation.  I have people in California who can get this Sprodex of yours analyzed and into production.  Of course theyre used to crank, meth, or pirated ludes, but this looks like something we can use.  How was your radar this evening?
	It held up my end of the deal.  Who do you know in California?  We cant go by commercial jet.  Theyre being searched for 9/11 hijack potentials.  Wed never get this stuff through.
	That may be true, but after a haul like this we may be able to charter you something inconspicuous.  I have a team ready in the San Francisco Bay area.  I have a discreet pilot who can get you there this coming Saturday.  Steve gazed at George, and Finnegan, sorting the loot into orderly piles, species specific.  Yeah, we can afford to spend a little on this case.  Just enough.  He smiled.  
Chapter Six

	Friday night, January 15.  James had spent the week poring over the documents gleaned from the robbery.  Many things didnt make sense.  A fellowship of what?  What was this thing called MK Ultra?  Why Phil Brachs death and why take his brain?  If he were a doctor, perhaps this would unfold like a road map, but for now it was just another puzzle.  He closed the binders and placed them in an ancient plastic Samsonite suitcase along with the two large plastic jars of Sprodex.  He closed the case and turned away from his desk to view Cathleen stretched out on his mattress.  He turned off the desk lamp, fired his lighter, and lit all 12 room candles.  He disrobed to match her nudity.  He pulled back the sheets and blankets to reveal her fruity elfin figure.  Slender, with an hourglass frame, ample chest, her blonde hair shimmering in the candlelight.  They began with a kiss and caress, and then fell together, slowly, into the mattress and pillows.
	Ill be leaving tomorrow, James said.
	Then lets make this last until dawn.
	And they did.  Dawn, though, did arrive.
	With dawns early light, he walked to DJs with a backpack of clothes and the suitcase of texts from the robbery, plus two large jars of Sprodex.  He arrived at DJs place.  She was also ready to go with a case packed.  A taxi took them all the way out to the western suburb of Eden Prairie where they met Steve and the pilot.
	The plane was the Star, a Beechcraft turboprop King Air twin-engined 12-passenger commuter.  All that luxury for three people and a precious cargo of pills.
	James climbed aboard, and selected a seat out of the double row of six to a side, and leaned back to the chairs limit.  He had sleep to catch up on.  He remembered only the taxiing out to the runway, and the take off.  He woke up over Utah.
	Well be touching down in Palo Alto in about three and a half hours, Steve said.  My team is set up to do mass spectroscopy, and chromatography on our unknown Sprodex.  Did you find out anything from the files?
	Weird shit.  Some outfit called the Fellowship is harvesting people like they were in a slaughterhouse.  Some of the texts were chemistry manuals.  I hope your team can do that sort of stuff.
	Theyre good people.  If they can design new club drugs for us, then I think they can take this one apart and come up with a recipe for more.
	Ive been eating one pill a day since we acquired our stockpile.  My radars in good shape.  I just scanned our pilot.  Hes strictly charts, vectors, and fuel consumption rates.  I like that.  Hes good.
	He is good.  Weve made deliveries all over the Midwest together.  He knows how to keep his mouth shut.  Thats a talent you must acquire.  For the next six months, this project is very top secret.  If we can crack this nut, we can be ahead of the Feds on this, or at least on an equal footing.  This is war, pharmacological war, and our opponents want us dead, or at least crippled.  We could all end up like that Brach fellow you found in the morgue.
	Yeah, yeah, chimed James antagonistically.  I just dont think he had the sight.  If they got him like that, collected him like an insect, then I dont think he could see into their minds like I could.  There may be something like lifestyle that makes a difference.
	We are now over the state of Nevada.  Roughly two hours out from our landing site at Palo Alto, California.  Enjoy your flight on Bandit Airways, said the pilot.
	The pilots announcement amused the three people waiting in the passenger section of the aircraft.  For DJ and James, this was a strange feeling, having the gates of conspiracy open, and welcoming them.
	James lazed in the sun from his seats window.  In thought, he covered the events of the last few months.  Frogs finding the advertisement, Cathleen, the robbery.  The new document stash he had acquired.  What did it all mean?
	They arrived at Palo Alto airspace.  James could see the air museums planes on the ground, all laid out in pretty rows.  After the pilot told them to fasten their seatbelts, they rode with him down in the afternoon sun to the airstrip.  Tires squeaked upon touchdown.  Taxiing to a hangar and a small group of waiting people.  Steves team, no doubt.  Would these people have the answers James desperately wanted?
	The plane ceased to move and the pilot lowered the stairway.  All four people clambered down the stairs.  Steve made introductions with the new people on both sides.  A limousine was waiting.  A short drive to a palatial home, the assignment of rooms and finally, in a well-apportioned basement, the loot was disgorged and analyzed.
	I know a guy whos into this sort of stuff, said one of Steve's team.  I think I can get him down here.  We can ask him.
	James was protective of his stash.  You think hell be able to help?  We need a professional whos on our side.
	Hes up on all that weird shit.  Lately hes been doing work on neurotheology.  Studying the effects of religion on the brain.  Hes got all the tools for this.  Lab, CAT scans, PET scans and MRI.  Hes gonna want to talk to you.  Youre the test pilot of this shit.  If it worked for you, hes gonna want to know how, why, and what to do next.
	My names Kooch.  Like hoochie-koochie man, said the tall, red, long-haired man.  We can get Eugene in here, we can do anything.  Hes the real deal.  Toxicology man from Berkley.  Poisons and libations are what hes been helping us out on.
	Its these references to the Fellowship and MK Ultra that spook me," said James.  "Sounds like some secret government association of medically trained goons.  The kind of guys that torture small animals for fun.  I want to know how they fit into the equation.
	James opened his stash case and leafed through the documents with Kooch.  A primer on torture in Vietnam, LSD tests done by the CIA, German nerve gas tests, Soviet germ warfare, a cornucopia of unpleasant death.  All linked by chemistry or anatomy.  There in the CIA tests of LSD was the reference to the MK Ultra program under the heading of truth serum.  Now the people had the power and it would be the hunters being the hunted.
	Finally, after looking over the papers for an hour, James locked them back in their case, put them away in the room he had been given and joined the others for dinner.  A salad with chicken and a creamy dressing with white wine.  DJ and James smoked grass while the others broke out cocaine and brandy.  Steve coaxed DJ and James into trying a few lines of the precious white powder.  They finished the evening listening to a local radio station and commenting on the changes in musical taste over the last decade.  By ten P.M. James was feeling the jet lag of coming from a state two hours ahead of his hosts.  He headed to bed and slept till ten the next morning.  When he arose, he was met in the spacious kitchen with DJ and a cup of coffee.
	Kooch told me to tell you that a Dr. Eugene Devereaux would be here to see you sometime this afternoon, said DJ.  Steves out back in the pool.  We can swim if we want.  Theres a sauna and a hot tub.
	How about some grass?
	Ive got some right here, she said as she rifled through her satchel.  She produced an ounce bag of bright green and rust colored buds.  Fringe benefit from Steve.  Hawaiian Maui Wowie.  Good stuff.
	Maui?  Really.  That is good.
	Did you take your daily Sprodex?
	Yes, but Im finding out that the fellowship calls it something else.  They call it HK-521, said James.
	Kooch walked into the kitchen wearing a swimsuit, Hawaiian shirt and sandals.  Eugene will be here any minute now.  He just called me for directions on his car phone.
	Thats good, said James.  Were going to need an I.D. search on this Doctor Nathan Griffin.  I want to know where hes from and what hes doing now.
	We can do that.  This is, after all, Silicon Valley, and we can crunch any number, find anything and anyone.  Got a birth date on this guy?
	No, but he graduated from medical school at Duke University in 64."
	Thats a start.  I hear a car on the drive.  Thats gotta be Dr. Eugene.  He turned and left to meet the doctor.
	DJ spoke to James, Go get your suitcase.  This is where the rubber meets the road.
	James, said Kooch loudly, come meet the good doctor.
	James lifted the suitcase and strode into the living room.  There he saw an older gentleman, bald on top, white hair over the ears, about six feet tall with broad shoulders, dressed in a gray tweed jacket and slate gray trousers, black shoes.  He had the manner of an educated man accustomed to intricate argument and a gentle yet commanding presence.  
	He outstretched his right arm to shake hands and said, I am Dr. Deveraux.  You are James McGregor, I presume.
	Doc, if you make sense of this all, Ill call you saint, James replied.
	I wear two hats, actually.  Psychiatry and neurochemistry, he said.  We have to look into this compound youve discovered, analyze it so we can make more.  Then we should try to find out who made it and why.
	From the documents Ive been able to read, its some outfit calling itself the Fellowship.
	That sentence rose an eyebrow on the doctor.  Clearly intrigued, he asked, What do you know about the Fellowship?
	From what Ive been able to read, it sounds like a combination of medicine and intelligence.  Military intelligence.
	I havent heard that phrase in that context for at least a decade.  Last time I heard that word and meaning was when Reagan was president.  The Fellowship was doing research into torture for The School of the Americas at Fort Bragg.  They taught a class there on how best to convince captured leftists to talk.  That school is for the elite of South American militaries.  It is still quite operational.  To this day, you go to Bragg when you want to learn how to torture someone.  If what youve said about this Sprodex is true, then Id hate to see people like that get their hands on it.
	Its called HK-521 in the papers that we stole.  I have about a pound of the drug with me.  Can you produce it?
	Perhaps we can and perhaps we cant, but I can give it the old college try.  Can you give me a specimen?  Just ten pills will probably be enough.
	Sure.  Right now, James said as he opened one of the Sprodex jars and doled out ten pills.  How did you know about the Fellowship?
	I used to swim in government circles once.  I was a navy doctor assigned to nuclear biological and chemical warfare at the Singapore lab in the late sixties.  It was the only place a toxicologist could find work and a research budget.  Then it was mainly a nuclear issue, but the Fellowship goes back to World War II in its infancy.  They didnt come together until the Singapore stations labs were shut down in 72.  Mind if I sit down?  This could take awhile to explain.  Have you ever heard of unit 731 of the Japanese Imperial Army?
	Not really, go on.
	Unit 731 was an outpost called Pingfan, run by Oshiro Ishi.  He set up a prison complex in Japanese-occupied China to experiment on captured POWs.  That place was known for experimenting with bubonic plague, and doing dissections of live conscious human specimens.  Very nasty stuff.  Not much different than Dr. Mengele at Auschwitz in the European theater.  Unit 731 was captured in 1945, and instead of being revolted by it all, the U.S. treated it as a gold mine of NBC warfare data.  The U.S. built their own copy of it at Fort Dietrich, Maryland, and became experts on the use of airplanes to dispense by plane the same kind of diseases, and chemicals that Ishi had worked on at Pingfan.  The aerosol application was the U.S. contribution to this campaign.
	This went on until 1969, when then-president Nixon divorced the United States from chemical and biological warfare.  Then it was heavy on nuclear, but also had a strong nerve gas component.  Vast stockpiles were destroyed.  When 72 rolled around, Nixon just said no to chemical and biological warfare.  The lab in Singapore was thrown into chaos.  One faction came together and called itself the Fellowship and swore to serve the state until the bitter end.  It wasnt my cup of tea, so I let it go and did early DNA research at UCLA centering on the interface between genetics and neurochemistry.  Trying to find the Alzheimers gene and such stuff.  I had heard of the fellowship faction doing work for CIA from time to time.  They gave CIA a rare toxin derived from a Pacific Ocean shellfish.  Nasty toxin.  More lethal than sarin nerve gas.  Last I heard the Fellowship made a few tons of that stuff for the spies.  Cloak and dagger stuff.
	James sat and digested the data for a moment before he spoke.  Have you ever heard of Nathan Griffin?
	Yes, he was a psychiatrist, but not part of the lab.  He came from aerospace.  There were some mentions of MK Ultra being involved.  The MK Ultra program was to test both weaponized LSD and that same drug being used as a truth serum.  If it makes you feel better, the Germans tested cannabis, psilocybin, and mescaline too, all while looking for that ideal magic potion.  Griffin was with Air Force at the time.  Last I heard of him, he was researching missile silo crews to see if theyd push the button when told to.  I remember he toured the lab once.  Vietnam duty and all that.  That was a long time ago.  He was there about a month.  Has he a role in this Sprodex affair?
	He does.  Hes practicing an arcane form of psychiatry that includes taking live people off the streets and killing them.  Ive seen the bodies myself.  This HK-521 stuff gave me enough sight that I could look into his mind.  He had the same twinkle in his eye a lion gets when the lamb starts to look delicious.
	Im glad youre here and not there.  Youre still quite alive for the moment.
	Yes, I am.  For the moment.
	Steve walked into the living room from the kitchen and spoke up, You should also note they have a working artificial intelligence.  They have a sentient computer.  They say they got the algorithm from the human genome project.  If they can do that, then our encryption work is going to get hard scrutiny from Washington.  Tactically, the best move for us is to get a recipe for HK-521 in hand, and posted on as many websites as possible.  Their mathematical powers give them a hacking capability almost as powerful as the HK-521.
	If thats true, then we have no time to lose, said Devereaux.  James, I will be needing to run some tests with you later this week.  Im going to first try to get us a recipe as soon as possible.
	Do you have equipment for that, or do we have to go to an existing hospital? queried James.
	Its going to be at a hospital, but I can get us in on off hours if you dont mind doing some of this in the evening.
	Thats fine with me, said James.
	Then if you folks dont mind, I will get to work on this nut.  I hope I can get it cracked by Friday.  Ill call if I need anything from you.  Devereaux rose, and shook hands with James again and said, Thank you, son.  Well see if we can level the playing field here.
Chapter Seven
	James, weve cracked the nut.  We have a formula to reproduce your compound.  Come on into the city.  We need your brain and whatever anomalies it contains.
	Thats great news, doc.  Can you book one for tomorrow?
	Tomorrow evening.  Thats all for now.  CAT, PET, MRI and SPECT.  We need to test you for damage.  We need to see if its done any damage to your brain and body.
	Im game.  See you tomorrow, then.  James hung up the phone receiver.
	What do we do now, DJ? he said while turning toward her and making eye contact.  He said he can produce the compound.  
	Can you think of what this will mean for politics?  For the world?  The whole world will be able to read each other like looking through glass.  Evolution itself will change, said DJ.
	Get Kooch.  We gotta get a bottle of champagne, said James.
	Cmon downstairs.  Weve got several to choose from there.  
	They followed Kooch down the carpeted stairs into the basement and its bar.  Kooch went for an overhead cabinet and pulled out three green bottles with paper labels.  We have a choice:  Moet, Totts, and Beringer.
	How old is the Moet? asked James.
	Its a 1985.  That makes it 25 years old, replied Kooch.
	Toss it in the freezer and chill it for awhile, said DJ.
	Kooch put the Moet in the freezer while DJ went into a long speech about how this new drug would change politics around the world.  James contributed to the conversation by adding that the sentient computer would be a great asset if it were made into a public access asset.  By the time these conversations had wound down, the champagne had chilled.  Kooch peeled off the wire and foil covering and eased the cork out.  It popped, and a mist curled out of the bottle.  He poured liquid into three glasses.
	As soon as we get the formula for manufacturing to our labs, we can get this stuff into production.
	Im still concerned about this computer, said James.  
	You know about the echelon system that NSA has? said Kooch.
	Yeah? said James warily.
	Well, now that system has a living mind.  We have echelon plus now.  It just means we have to be extra careful.  I have a friend who has been hacking at Bryce Pharmaceuticals addresses since you two first got here.  We can call him up and see if hes found out anything.  They cant go public about any of this, but neither can we.  Using the Internet for a media blitz will be fun, but we will have to be extra careful.  We will be going against NSA, CIA, plus this Fellowship outfit.  Im sure they have lots of dollars they can use to sabotage anything we do.  You, and I are different animals.  We break the law for profit.  We depend on that incoming cash.  You do it for sport.  Youre the Sunday drivers, while were the load-carrying professionals.
	But what about HK-521?  Surely your people will benefit from that? replied James.
	Yes, we will benefit.  I hope.  We cant move too fast on this.  We arent yet into even a production phase.  We dont have anything in distribution.  This whole thing will have to be done very carefully.  It could easily take six months.  Dr. Eugene just got us the recipe today.  We could have a batch ready to go in a few weeks if were lucky.
	I have friends who want to see the DEA and loads of cops arrested for what has happened to their communities, said James. "Its a war on drugs, and were on the front lines. 
____________________________________
	Amborella.  The berries of the New Caledonian amborella plant.  Scattered throughout the South Pacific Islands, a hundred times sweeter than sugar.  Called the Palu berry by the islanders of Polynesia, it was used ceremonially by their open sea navigators in outrigger canoes.  It was said to have an unusual ability to help these navigators with their task of guiding groups of canoes to their destinations across vast empty ocean expanses. 
            Dr. Devereaux read these facts from a book on Polynesian flora.  He gently closed the book and added it to his small suitcase filled with the texts James, George, and Finnegan had liberated from the Malcolm Moos Medical Tower two weeks ago.  
	Out into the 60-degree sunny day, he strode into the parking lot and up to his white Porsche 911 and shoe-horned his bulk behind the wheel and into the drivers seat.  He keyed the starter and the engine sprang to rumbling life.  He pulled out of his UC Berkley parking space and out of the campus onto Telegraph Avenue south to the Bay Bridge, and onto 280 south towards San Jose to Palo Alto.
	The extracts wouldnt arrive for three days, but he could share the news with the others today.  
	What he had discovered was a cocktail.  A combination of at least two distinct compounds.  The first was an analog of serotonin that behaved much like ergotamine, dilation of the pupils in the eyes, contraction of the uterus in women.  Clearly, there was something there in the first compound.  The second was the extract from the amborella.  The refined extract had been tried on Alzheimers patients, so it could be ordered at the pharmaceutical supply store in San Francisco.  Three days for rush delivery from the South Pacific Island of New Caledonia would bring raw samples.
	In three days, he would be able to assemble a test batch for Kooch, and his friends, to test.
	Continuing south on 280, he came upon the Palo Alto turnoff.  He moved past an older green Camaro and onto the turnoff lane.  He thought of the Island of Palau.  Could there be some connection?  Probably not.
____________________________________
	Sergeant Michelle OConnor was amazed.  The Oxycontins had a street value of up to $80.00 a tablet.  Morphine, cocaine, Bromptons cocktail, Darvocets, Darvons, Percocets, and Percodans were all part of the heist.  The list read like a street junkies Christmas wish list.
	There was no forced entry, no security camera images, and no fingerprints.  Either an inside job or a damn well-planned robbery.  In eight years working the narcotics end of vice, she had never seen anything like it.  A hospital pharmacy that was totally cleaned out of all its dangerous narcotics.  The thieves hadnt even left a single crumb of evidence.  Even this test drug Sprodex had been cleaned out.  That didnt have any value unless the burglars wanted to cure schizophrenia.
	Who could have pulled this off?  Only five nurses in the whole hospital had keys that night to the pilfered pharmacy room.  Bureau of Criminal Apprehension had dusted for prints, and only come up with hospital employees.  DEA wanted a copy of her report as soon as possible.  Agent Park wanted the full inventory list on his desk in the federal building by noon tomorrow.
	Forty-two different schedule II, high dependency-risk drugs, all in one cabinet.
	She would walk the report in from city hall to the federal building, two blocks away.
	The lock on the cabinet had been sheared through with a bolt cutter.  That one bit of evidence lent itself to the outsider theory.  It was a damn professional outsider.  
	She opened the Physicians Desk Reference and began cross-referencing the inventory list with the book, describing each drug in detail.  She ground away at the research for two hours, including each drug schedule rating, and quantity and dose level of each tablet, pill, capsule, fluid mass, or powdered mass.  Three and a half pounds of cocaine hydrochloride.  One-hundred fifty-four ccs of Bromptons cocktail.  The Bromptons was a morphine/cocaine mix used as a pain killer for terminally ill cancer patients.
	The hospital had had to put out an urgent call to other medical centers when the robbery was discovered at 6 A.M.  Many patients got their medications late.  It had been a horrible mess.  Replacement drugs flowed in all day.
	Sergeant OConner brushed her red hair from her freckled face.  She was glad her attractive body type was no longer being used in vice as a prostitution lure.  Here was a great case to prove she was a mind and not just another nameless female body.  She would put out feelers with all of her reliable informants.  If she could crack this case, she would be a lieutenant by summer.  If she played her cards right, it could happen.  She would report in to her captain, but the idea of her own investigation she would keep to herself.  Why share the glory?
____________________________________
	Steve had finally started to use a last name.  He had chosen the name Fish.  He was in the front of the house, a vacant study.  He was waiting for Devereauxs car to come up the inclined driveway.  A Ford Explorer and an aging Trans-Am filled the open garage bays.
	Climbing the inclined driveway in a whining first gear, he came to a stop behind the mid-seventies Trans-Am.  He opened the door, holding it there with his left knee and pulled the suitcase after him as he rose out of the roadster.
	Steve watched the big man get out of the small car.  Wordlessly the good doctor paced across the drive and up to the front door of the red brick house.  Steve held the door open for him.
	Ive got a surprise for you and your people, said Eugene as he passed through the doorway.  Are our guests here, Steven?
	Yeah, theyre in the basement.
	Devereaux walked in towards the kitchen and down the carpeted stairs to the basement.  DJ and James were playing pool.  A small wooden pot pipe was perched on the side rail of the pool table.  A tendril of smoke ran up from the pipe.
	I need you for some tests, Devereaux said, looking at James.  
	When, right now? James took his shot carefully. The ball ricocheted harmlessly off the side rail, missing the pocket.
	Ill take you into the city this afternoon.  We will do the tests tomorrow.
	I thought you had the formula for the drug.
	The compound I have hasnt been tested yet.  I want a series of scans on your brain before I give you what I have.  Is your insight still intact?
	James nodded. Youre thinking about something called GABA intake.
	Good.  Go pack a bag," said the doctor.  "Youll be at my flat for the next two days.
	Steve spoke up.  What tests are you going to do?
	Oh, I think the MRI and CAT scans will answer most of my questions." 
	So whats the surprise, Doc? said Steve.
	Youd best all sit down for this one, Devereaux said.  Steve, DJ, Kooch and James all sat down at a sofa and chairs clustered around a coffee table.  He waited until all were quiet and immobile.  The formula, on its own, doesnt work.
	Thats impossible, said James.  It works on me.
	Thats true, but only because youre a habitual LSD user.  Expressions of shock fell over the four seated people.
	But how is that possible? asked James.
	First of all, you need to look at the chemical mechanics of the total reaction.  You need to know this for starters.  LSD has never, ever, gotten anyone high since its discovery in 1943.  LSD initiates a twelve-step chemical reaction in the human biochemistry.  Its a naturally occurring chemical in the brain that is released by merit of that twelve-step chain reaction.  LSD doesnt get you high.  Its the by-product that gets you stoned.
	But whats that have to do with the formula? said Steve.
	The LSD cleanses the synaptic gaps of chemicals that inhibit the reaction that we have all seen in James.  The key to this step forward in ESP is the LSD.  It burns off a chemical that inhibits the serotonin analog and the amborella extract from doing their job.  This compound will work, but only if the person taking the drug has done LSD within thirty days or so.
	Wow, said DJ.  That kinda puts new meaning into the term frying on acid.
	Im just letting you know about it all up front.  I havent done acid in nearly thirty years, said Devereaux.  
	I havent tripped in a decade, said Kooch.  I suppose I could, but isnt doing acid rather hard on your system?
	It can be.  A lot of acid is made with strychnine and other adulterants.  I can go the extra mile and get you each a relatively pure version to sample, said Devereaux.
	Kooch looked the most perplexed.  He spoke up first.  Ive been avoiding chemicals.  I eat organic food, I live far from highways, and the lead poisoning in car exhaust, I only snort good cocaine, and I drink smooth brandies and whiskeys.  Now you tell me I have to take the same chemicals used by cheese-eating high school kids who know nothing of clean living?
	Devereaux responded, The calculations havent been tested yet, but thats what seems to be the truth at first glance.  James has told me that hes done acid on a bi-weekly basis for the last three months.  There is another possibility or two that should be considered.  Hes on Zyprexa Olanzapine for his schizophrenia.  That could be a factor.  Another is a factor none of us would want for ourselves: the schizophrenia itself.  This drug, this serotonin analog, and the amborella extract might only work on the mentally ill.  In that case, we will only be able to recruit our esper spies from the ranks of the mentally ill.  Many of these people would be unsuitable for anything involving a mission or goal given to them from anyone on our side of the war.  Theyd be greater security risks than theyd be worth.
	Kooch rose and spoke, When will we be able to test this out?
	In three days if the postal service is on the ball, Devereaux replied.
____________________________________
	Cruising north on 101 to the city, James looked to the right, and saw the bay dotted with sails from boaters enjoying the 60-degree temperatures.  I thought you said we couldnt test it until three days from now.  How did you know it doesnt work?
	Remember the ten pills you gave me to test?  I ate one and nothing happened.
	So you think its the acid that made the difference?
	Yes, and its a good chance that you may have revealed that secret to Witherspoon and Griffin while you were on the Rohypnol.
	Yeah, thats possible.  They tested me with cards.  I woke up with too much poker on my mind.
	The rumble of the Porsches six cylinders climbed in intensity as Devereaux passed an 18-wheeler.  Have you ever heard the phrase flower-power?
	Thats an old one from the sixties, isnt it?  Free love and be-ins for peace?  John Lennon stuff.
	Yeah.  I guess a lot of thats before your time.  How old are you, anyway? Devereaux eyed James with some amusement.
	Thirty.  Birthdays in October,"  said James, and a bit too fast, "So how old are you?"
	Sixty-three. The crinkles around the doctor's eyes deepened, like a man with a good hand in poker.
	So whats up with the flower-power, you old fossil?
	Vegetable matter can do some pretty intelligent things.  Look at wheat, for instance.  Mankind crossbred three grasses and got a supergrass with fruit that fed him.  Wheat is now grown worldwide.  No chance of that life form going extinct.  It developed a symbiotic relationship with the planets dominant species and secured its own very assured place among the living.  Thats what I mean by flower-power.
	So that applies to the coca bush and poppy flower too, I guess.
	Yes!  Devereaux was almost shouting over the rumble of the motor.  Ergotrate! he said.  
	What?
	Ergotrate is given to pregnant women to induce labor.  Its derived from ergot which is the raw material for making LSD.
	So ergot is a kind of flower power.  Isnt ergot a fungus that grows on rye?
	Thats it exactly.  They call it rye rust because thats what it looks like.  More flower power.  The ability to cross specie lines, and develop a symbiosis with specie amounts to a power to survive.  Thats what the amborella is doing right now.  If it succeeds, then its survival will be guaranteed.
	James looked out the passenger window of the Porsche.  The bay was huge, 70 miles long.  He dug in his jacket pocket, and pulled out the wooden one-hitter kit, and filled the brass pipe with marijuana.  He wound the window down an inch and lit up the port end.  He exhaled out the gap between window and the frame.
	This is possibly the best defense against a Cointelpro operation.
	Whats that?
	A Cointelpro operation is a counterintelligence program.  They were used in the sixties against the Ku Klux Klan quite successfully.  They were also used by then-president Nixon against his political enemies.  Folks like the Black Panthers and the Students for a Democratic Society.  They were infiltrating spies.  Agitators.  Theyd start trouble at political demonstrations.  Fist fights.  Throwing rocks at cops.  Trying to get the crowds to do likewise.
	James responded, If we can get this drug to work, then that would be impossible.  Wed be able to spot fakes right away before they could get any trouble started.
	Thats right, Devereaux said as he deftly piloted the small car through the Sunday traffic.  Many were headed north, back into the city.  He turned on the radio and the radar detector, and cruised at 80 miles per hour in the fast lane.  Listening to classical music, he sped on.
	He turned onto the off ramp for Interstate 80 and the Bay Bridge.  The southbound lane was choked solid with slow-moving cars and trucks, but the northbound lane that Devereaux was on was moving freely.  Oakland was ahead.  Berkeley would be on the north side of Oakland.  Ten minutes of fast driving, and they were into the east side landmass of San Francisco Bay.  The bay was well built up with warehouses and docks for ships.  Oakland was more industrial than residential, retail Berkeley.  He turned off at University Avenue, and drove up into the hills north of the university campus, finally getting off the road into a narrow old driveway.  The tiny car disappeared into the propertys garage.  He stopped, put on the parking brake, and turned the motor off.
	This is the end of the line." Devereaux stretched.  "Come on in and check out my house.  I am rather proud of it.
	How many bedrooms does it have?
	Three, but in the basement there is a hide-a-bed.  That gets used when the multitudes show up.
	Will you be tripping soon?
	Yes, soon.  Probably tonight.
	I have about four hits left of some relatively clean stuff.
	One will do quite nicely, I do believe.
	So this is Berkeley.  Ive heard a lot about it.  Capital of the political left.
	Youll find some of that still going on, somewhat perpetually.  Not unlike the soapbox park in London.  Beautiful campus.  Bernard Maybeck, Bakewell and Brown, and John Galen Howard.  Designers have left their mark on the campus.  The climate lends itself well to the open-air theater bowl.  Great place to catch a show.
	So, where do you plan on tripping?  Setting can be important.  I heard you say you hadnt tripped in three decades.
	Yes, thats true.  I talked with your friend DJ about it.  I plan on listening to some classical music, some Sibelius, perhaps.
	I can be your guide.  I think that would be a gas.  Me guiding you.  Lets drop now and peak out just at sunset.  You can show me Berkeley and I can show you LSD.
	Hows this ESP thing going for you?
	Its really no big thing once you get a feel for it.  You can see fleeting thoughts.  People dont think in speeches and words.  They think in symbols.  When we were driving up from Palo Alto, you were thinking about your car in terms of acceleration, and speed.  You were shifting gears by feel.  Thats what I mean by symbols.  We do lots of things by feel.  You shifted gears by feeling.
	Devereaux reached back to the space behind the passenger seat, withdrew his case and got out of the car.  James snatched his duffel and followed the doctors lead into the basement of the house.
	Bookshelves covered three walls.  Windows on the west wall and tables, covered in half-read books, littered the scene.  Devereaux swung the case up onto one of the tables.  He turned the lights on from a switch near the garage door and the stairway going up.  It was a large house, three bedrooms, and three floors, the basement, main floor, and bedroom floor.  The balcony was on the bedroom floor.
	Ive got an idea, said James.  You dose first on the trip.  Then, and I mean immediately after youre done tripping, we dose on the HK-521.  That will be the best rush.  While youre on the speedy end of your LSD hangover, youll get off on the ESP.  Its certainly a nice way to put a positive spin on a hangover.  We dose now.  He reached for a wallet and withdrew the cigarette pack cellophane in which he stored his LSD three months ago.  He had just one paper square of four hits left.  He reached into the thin plastic, and tore off two, leaving two.  He separated the two hits from each other, and handed one into Devereauxs upturned palm.
	Devereaux pinched the tiny paper with the fingers of his other hand.  An entire revolution rides on this tiny scrap of paper.  He rose the paper to his mouth and placed it on the tip of his tongue.  James did likewise.
	James withdrew his one-hitter kit and packed the pipe with leafy green bud gleanings.  He lit the herb end of the pipe and inhaled.  The pipes end glowed red.  He filled his lungs and waited for the drug to hit his mind.  He gently rolled his eyes as the euphoria came down on him like a curtain on a stage.  
	As I remember, this stuff wont peak for us for about two hours.  Would you like a glass of wine and some dinner? asked Devereaux.
	Youre thinking about what the HK-521 will do for us in six hours, James said.
	Yes, I am.  This represents a change for Homo sapiens.  A blast from the past.  A new way of seeing into other minds.  This is the security breakthrough weve been waiting for.  Follow me.  He turned and began to ascend the stairs.  James followed.  .  Dr. Eugene reached into the white refrigerator, withdrew a green wine bottle, and placing it on a counter. he reached for two glasses and began to pour wine into them.  Would you care for a glass, Mr. McGregor?
	Indeed I would, Doc.
	They walked out of the kitchen, through a dining room and into a living room.  A plush grey sofa, some blue chairs and a fireplace decorated the room well.  Devereaux went to a stereo cabinet, and turned on a Yamaha integrated amplifier.  The four speakers at the corners of the room came to life with the melodious tones of harpsichord music.  He changed the station to a public radio news service.  The announcer was talking about the collapse of energy trader Enron.  The doctor turned back to the classical music station.  The harpsichord was followed musically by a string quartet.
	James was looking at a magazine on the clear glass table in front of the sofa.  It was a glossy white journal called The Journal of Psychoactive Drugs.  Whats this? he said to the doctor.
	Thats an interesting phenomenon.  It was called The Journal of Psychedelic Drugs in the early sixties.  I ran into it in 1972.  That was when I got back from doing chemical warfare for CIA to doing analysis of street drugs for older folks than Kooch, but still in his mindset.  Designer drugs came out in the late seventies.  We were doing things for the Journal like charting which bands had the most drug overdoses at their shows.  I remember doing a comparison of the Grateful Deads show and Led Zeppelins show.  A few more heroin ODs at the Zeppelin show.  We were the first ones to cover Ecstasy.  The first ones to cover tweaked molecules of analogs of Ecstasy.  Back then, all you had to do was change a few molecules of a drug, and it would be legal because it wasnt exactly what the government had so painstakingly illegalized.  Now the law is more vague.  The exactness of the old law was a problem, so now the law says that a whole category is illegal.  All the analogs of Ecstasy or cocaine or heroin are all illegal.  Cant just tweak a molecule.  He got up from his chair.  How about some soft shell tacos?
	James grinned. Guess that makes you a master chef if you can cook up all those tweaked molecules.  Can you tweak a taco?
____________________________________
	Michelle OConnor had begun her career at Mankato State University studying criminology.  She received good marks studying everything from writing reports to DNA evidence.  Shed been hired by the Minneapolis Police Force and done two years in a blue uniform.	She thought of the Bloomington Law Enforcement Training Center.  It was the states closest thing to a police academy.  That was where she had gotten her certificate in Peace Officer Standards and Training.  Very little of what shed studied was helping her now.
	The drugs that had been stolen had a street value of over a quarter of a million dollars.  The Oxycontins were worth $40,000 alone.  Her snitches and informants hadnt yet found any dealers selling anything from the loot pile of the robbery.
	She was at her desk of the MPD narcotics office when the phone rang.  She picked up the receiver and said, OConner, Narcotics.
	Hi ya Michelle, this is Slick.  I think Ive got a lead for you on the pharmacy robbery.  Can you meet me over lunch?  I can meet you at the Dairy Queen in the skyway.  Be there at twelve sharp.
	Sounds good.  Thats in fifteen minutes.  Ill be there.
	Okay, Ill see you there, and he hung up.
	She set the receiver down and picked her khaki jacket up from her chair back and zipped it up far enough that her Glock nine millimeter pistol was not overtly visible in her belt holster.
	She strode out of the main narcotics office into the hallway of City Hall, down three flights of stairs, and into the underground tunnel into the Hennepin County Government Center.  She rode the escalator up to the main lobby between the two towers and a stairway up to the skyway level.  Following the skyway to the next building east she came upon the Dairy Queen.  Slick was there waiting for her.
	Slick was old, maybe 60.  He was a street person with his black leather jacket covered in chrome studs.  He looked like he should have come with a motorcycle attached to his skinny rack of bones.  Grey hair was straggled long on his shoulders.  He was working on a chili dog with a small sundae of ice cream covered in chocolate icing.  He lit up with a smile when he saw her and beckoned her to his small table.
	She pulled out a chair from the table and sat down.  So Slick, what'cha got for me?
	Slick looked around to make sure no one else was listening.  He spoke, Pure cocaine.  I got pure cocaine for you.  This stuff is so pure the dealer I know is selling it for one twenty-five a gram.  Its powder, not brick.  Pure uncut.  Better than the best brick Ive ever tried.  Better than Peruvian flake.
	So, where did you find this stuff?
	Whiskey Junction.  Theres a biker there called Skate whos been selling this stuff.  Its going fast.  Unless hes got a pound stashed, he should have it all sold by the weeks end."
	Whiskey Junction doesnt sound like a place I could just infiltrate.  Can you help us make a buy soon, like tonight?
	I can try if you got the cash.  I could try to get you an ounce.  Ill need at least seven hundred.  This stuff is pricey.
	"I can shoot back to the office, get the cash from the captain and get a squad together by five.  Got any samples of this super-coke?
	I knew youd be saying that.  I got a gram here for ya.  You owe me one twenty-five. 
	He dug into his jean pocket, and withdrew a foil packet an inch long, and a half-inch wide.  There it sat at OConners place on the table.  She snatched it up, and pocketed it.  Call my cell number at eight this evening and well pick you up.  Ill get you paid for this and for the services this evening." 
	"No wire, though.  If they catch me with one of those, youll find me in the river in a dozen pieces.
	No problem.  No wire.  But you will have to get searched before you go in.  That means everything so do try to wear some underwear this time.
	Oh, all right.  How much can your captain afford, for me, I mean?
	Ill see you get at least five hundred for this.  There may be some reward later on if we can get a bigger bust out of it.
	Slick scooped up the last bit of ice cream and syrup. Ill call you at eight.
	Michelle got up to leave and said in parting, If this goes where its supposed to, I may be able to get you one of our confiscated Harleys from the motor pool.  See ya."
____________________________________
	Lets see, todays the twenty-fourth.  That means this is the three-week anniversary of the robbery, said James.
	No, Devereaux said.  Youve got your math wrong.  Its the fourteenth since the robbery.  Its the twenty-first since your first experience with the HK-521.  Today is the 24th.
	Yeah. Youre right.  Brain fart.  I picked up some strange colors and images when I picked up that Journal of yours in the living room.
	Thats because I remember what the Journal was and what it is now.  Currently, its headed up by Dr. David Smith, and its being used for what David calls 'addictionology.'  Thats a new term hes concocted to describe drug and alcohol abuse.  The Journal started out as a user record of new events in the drug use community.
	So, it started out pro-drug and its now anti-drug.
	In a nutshell, yes, but with a few notable exceptions.  It has dealt with a few nasty compounds like PCP.  To us, its phencyclidine.  It has, for instance, its own receptor in the human brains micro-physiology.  Thats bad stuff.  GHB is also nasty.  Theres a kind of embalming fluid thats used as a smoked crystal by some people.  Thats nasty, too.  I cant blame him.  His straight job is working at the Haight-Ashbury Free Medical Clinic.  He sees a lot of abuse-related damage.  Young kids with AIDS from using heroin or injecting crystal meth.  Hes taken the Journal from an amusement with the phenomena to an advocacy rag with an agenda.  To do nothing in a crisis is a sin.  He gets a lot of the debris of humanity.  Still, in spite of his attempt at doing something helpful for the kids, the adults have lost the only scientific interest journal in the field.  All we have left is High Times, and thats not much.
	So what do you think of the Amsterdam and Vancouver experiments?  Open sale of grass in cafes?
	Its a step in the right direction.  Draconian sentencing for minor arrests is appalling.  The culture has to eventually come out of the closet.  The removal of recreational drugs from the public consciousness leads to a demonizing of some good compounds, and to misinformation about bad compounds.  Thats bad and it should change.
	Ever tried heroin?
	Thats a bad compound.  I have smoked some and snorted some, but needles are for me a thing best reserved for compounds like cortisone and epinephrine."
	During this conversation, Dr. Eugene had grilled hamburger into a grainy compound, added cheese, and salsa, wrapped it in a tortilla and regrilled it to melt the cheese.  Rolled into flour tortillas, they passed for soft-shell tacos or slender burritos.  Four were placed on each plate and James and Eugene settled into the kitchens breakfast nook for a meal.  Eugene refilled the wine glasses.
	James said, I can feel the effects of this trip.  Its good stuff.  No strychnine.
	Yes, I can feel it too.  Along my backbone.  Rising up into my mind.
	The first hour is mild.  I remember my first trip.  We were over at a friends house.  I did a purple microdot pill, and a hit of green pyramid gelatin.  We were up late at night, and most of the TV stations were off the air, so I turned the TV on and tuned in a station that wasnt broadcasting.  I could swear that I could see little Peter Max cartoons in the white noise and the grey screen on the TV tuning into nothing.  I thought I could see a program specifically made for me.  Fifteen years later, I had similar symptoms but without the drugs.  Thats why I take the Olanzapine.  Now I have to take drugs just to feel normal.
	Your mental illness is an interesting factor in this experiment.  You were the first one we know of to experience the HK-521 and get the desired effect.  The people at Bryce Pharmaceuticals, or the CIA, or whoevers really behind this, probably werent expecting a dynamic effect such as you experienced.  Tonight, we find out for sure.
	I can see into your mind.  Youre thinking of synthesizing the amborella part of the compound.  That way Bryce cant corner the market on amborella berries and juice.  If its synthetic, then anyone with a lab can make a batch anytime they want.  Youre worried that it will be similar to synthetic Tetrahydrocannibinol when it was tested on cancer patients that had been using cannabis.  They didnt like the synthetic THC.
	Thats right.  Raw marijuana has five-hundred chemicals in it.  Smoked marijuana has about fifteen-hundred chemicals in it.  No one has a clue as to which ones are the true active ingredients.
	Couldnt you call up your friends with the cartels and get them to grow amborella for you?
	Thats what we will probably have to do eventually.
	After making a more deliberate effort at eating and drinking, they finished their food, and they talked about the sights of Berkeley.  The sun was going down and the whole western skyline of downtown San Francisco was glowing in orange light.  After Eugene told James about a coffeehouse with a retractable roof, James was sold on the idea of paying that establishment a visit.  They started out walking down old concrete stairways and sloped sidewalks.  They crossed over into the UC-Berkeley campus and through it to Telegraph Avenues gate.  Left was east, and they walked up Dwight Way to the coffeehouse.  Inside was a deli-cafeteria style service counter on the right side with seating in the middle.  Stairs to the left going up to another level.  There, above it all, was blue sky.  A 15 x 30 foot hole in the roof.  The roof was clearly retracted.  The evening was peaceful.  Birds, quiet music, and conversation were all that could be heard.  Berkeley was sunny and garden-like.  A suburb with this much charm could not be found anywhere else.  Combinations of positive effects had all converged here.  Revolution, international cuisine, young people, fine architecture, and a cross-bay view of the city.  
	As the sun set around 7:30, they hiked back up to the house.  Eugene turned on his stereo, and put on a vinyl record of Stravinskys Firebird Suite.  He sat in one of the blue chairs and relaxed, listening to the orchestra going through its paces.  James joined him after smoking a cigarette at the front door.  The west windows at the front of the house had grown dark.  The two trippers had gone through their peak and were now on their way back down to earth.
	While going through the campus downhill, theyd experienced all the classic symptoms of the LSDs intoxicating powers.  Theyd seen unreal colors.  They saw patterns where in reality there was nothing but flat color.  These phenomena kept up well after their return to the house.  
____________________________________
	Eugene sat in the dark, completely entranced with his music.  On the downward spiral of the drug, he sat and thought about how the HK-521 would work for him.  Would his age have anything to do with the drugs performance?  He looked at his watch.  It said 9:10.  Do or die time.  Moment of truth.  Time to try out one of Griffin and Witherspoons Fellowship pills.  He reached into his pocket  for one of the tablets.  He pulled out an old metal pillbox and opened it.  Choosing one pill, and reaching for a glass of wine, he took the pill and the wine in one swallow.
	A hundred thousand years in one night, evolutions bounty, all come back to him tonight.
	Where would this new revolution take him?  Would it overwhelm him like Sutter discovering gold here in California in 1848?  Cest la vie, he thought.  Others will win the revolution.  I am happy to just play my part.
	Another few albums on the record player.  Another attempt at seeing into James mind.  A girlfriend.  Blond, skinny, young, hip, with a keen mind.  Fifteen credits short of a bachelors degree.  Living on six-hundred dollars a month.  Section eight housing in the tower in cold Minnesota.  Witherspoons cold thoughts on tissue harvest.  This is what James mind looked like from the inside.



              This is not how its supposed to work, Witherspoon ranted.  Weve lost nearly a thousand units of Sprodex and the only test subject who positively responded is gone, vanished from the face of the earth.
	Calm yourself.  Screaming about it is not going to help, said Devers.  
	Griffin was content to monitor the outbursts of his colleague and just compile data like a machine waiting for the right moment to spit out an analysis.
	But we had it in the palm of our hands, Witherspoon cried.
	His blood work came back with a positive for marijuana.  Perhaps it was something he took, some drug.  It cant be anything like what went on in MK Ultra.  That was a quick trip to nowhere.  Perhaps it was mental illness alone, or mixed with something.  He was also on that psych med, Olanzapine.  Perhaps it was a combination of all four effects, Devers said.
	But we were so close.  He just slipped through our hands, Witherspoon whined.
	Well get him, Griffin said.  Weve got leads.  The local police are looking for narcotics burglars.  If he doesnt cooperate, well just feed him to the sharks and hell do a few decades in prison.  Well get him.
	I hope to God youre right.
	Of course Im right, said Griffin, Well get him.
____________________________________
	Michelle glanced at Cutter in the passenger seat and Meyer in the back seat.  The deep maroon of the Dodge minivan blended into the dark of the residential street south of Lake Street.  She glided the machine to a stop in front of a small white bungalow, trimmed in pastel green.  An American flag hung from the doorway to the screened-in porch.
	They climbed out, and all three walked onto the porch.  Michelle reached for the doorbell and rang it.  They heard the buzzing bell and waited.  Through a white lace curtain, Michelle could see Slick in his leather jacket come to the door.
	Slick unlatched the lock with an audible snap and pulled the door open.  You set to go, OConner?
	We gotta do the search, Slick.
	Okay, he said, somewhat sheepishly.  He backed into the small living room.  Cutter and Meyer walked in behind Michelle.
	Slick took off his jacket and kicked off his boots.  He unbuttoned his shirt and hung all this on an old stuffed chair, grey with flecks of reddish brown.
	Cutter went through the clothes, looking for anything that would throw off the bust.  "Okay Slick, trouser time," he said.
	Oh, all right, said Slick.  He slid the worn blue jeans off, standing in white socks and white briefs with wear holes.  Cutter ran a finger inside the briefs and patted down the socks and underwear.  Hes clean.  Slick, you can get dressed now.
		They drove and talked about the ins and outs of the bust.  Tonight Michelle wanted enough cocaine that she could get it tested and linked to the robbery at the hospital.
	Cutter and Meyer were in for the search and as witnesses.  She wasnt taking any chances.  Cutter was slim, forty-ish, with a tight, wiry build.  He ran marathons for fun and it showed.  Meyer was rounder, taller, what would be called "lunchy."
	Cutter would go into the bar with a palm-sized Motorola radio in his waistband.  He would sit at the bar and shoot a few glances at Slick and Skate while the deal was being negotiated.  He would confirm in court that it was with Skate that Slick had made the transfer of goods.
	Michelle cruised the van to an intersection near the bar and Cutters drop-off point.  Cutter clicked the 'send' button on the radio.  Michelle listened to this signal.  Three clicks, and Michelle would know that the deal had transpired.  Cutter jumped out of the minivan at the corner of Franklin and Cedar.  After Cutter closed the door and sprinted across the street to the west side, Michelle turned east and pulled into the parking lot of the Blue Nile Restaurant.
	There they waited for Cutter to get into place.  It wasnt long before Michelle heard on her radio the two sets of double-clicks indicating that all was well so far.  He was in place.
	Now Slick, its your turn.  Good luck, she said.
____________________________________
	Slick slid the side door open and walked off with a wave at Michelle.  He reached into his left inside jacket pocket and felt the bundle of $700.00.  He took a brisk walk to the bar, three blocks away.  He thought of the Harley-Davidson motorcycle that the bust could bring him.  He purred to himself the distinctive note of a Harley.  That sound.  He loved that sound.    
	He walked along the back of Whiskey Junction.  It was January, but still good weather for riding.  Three Harleys and a Ducati were parked in front of the entrance.
	He strode into the smoky bar, Cutter at the bar and Skate in back, behind the pool tables at a drinkers table with two others.
	Slick reached into his wallet and withdrew two one-dollar bills.  Can I get a bottle of Bud? he said to the barkeep, an older, short man with a full beard and a blue jean shirt on under a waist apron.  The barkeep took the bills and gave Slick his bottle of Budweiser and 30 cents change.  Slick put the quarter and nickel away in his biker wallet and proceeded to the back of the bar and business with Skate and his friends.
	Hi ya, Skate, he said as he approached, I got an idea you might like to consider.
	Whats that?  I got ideas of my own.
	Howd ya like to make some money?  Some fast cash?
	How much weight can ya handle?
	An ounce of the clean stuff.
	The clean stuffs a little pricey.  Sure you can handle it, old timer?
	Whats your asking price?
	Five-fifty, if youre a regular.  Id say about seven for a first timer like ya.
	Slick paused at the problem.  Hes just been insulted sideways, but the situation didnt call for a fight over the situation of disrespect.  Skate would get his when Michelle had them both on the witness stand.
	Ill give you seven; I can retail it at one twenty-five and quintuple my money.
  	Skate weighed in at 240 pounds, all muscle.  His two friends were about the same.  Slick pulled a chair from another table and sat down.  He leaned in close and pulled out a bundle of cash.  Slick counted out 35 twenty-dollar bills from the bundle.  Heres the cash, now wheres my stash?  He smiled.
	Its coming, old timer.  Youll get what you got comin.  He reached into his black leather jacket and coolly pulled out a rolled up plastic bag, clear, with white powder in it.  He handed it under the table to Slick.  Theres yer stash, old man.  Next time we deal, youll get the discount.  I just gotta know you can handle the weight, he whispered.
	I may just take ya up on that, man.  Thanks for the investment.  Well do business again.  This is cool.  Slick shifted the bag to the pocket the cash had been in before.  He rose and replaced his chair at the table hed gotten it from and strolled out of the bar.  Cutter hit his radio send button three clear times.  He watched Slick leave and ordered another beer.

	DEA Agent Park watched the 747 take off at full roar.  This was the traditional meeting place.  Top deck of the international airports parking garage.  It was exactly midnight.  It was meeting time.
	He looked at the up-ramp as a BMW 320 rolled quietly toward him.  This had to be it.  It stopped and the door opened.  The headlights went off.  It was quiet again but for the low whine of jet engines idling in the darkness.  A man in a trench coat approached.
	I thought we had a deal.  I keep the brass off your back, and I get busts on the small fry.  
	Something came up.  The deal is still good.  We want peace.  Something came up.
	What could possibly have come up that you need forty-two different Schedule II pharmaceuticals?
	They werent the target.  Try looking on your list for something else.
	The only thing not scheduled in that pharmacy was some fucked-up insanity drug called Sprodex.  They dont even know if it works yet.  Try me again.
	Oh it works all right, but its not for lunatics. Agent Park smiled thinly.
	Then what the hell is it?
	The Sprodex was the target.  The pharmacy robbery was a smoke screen.  The BMW driver paused then spoke again, the thing you need to look at is a dead body.  One Phillip Brach.
	So, whats up with the Sprodex?  Gimme something more than just a stiff. Park looked down at him piercingly, willing him to give up more information.  
	The man responded, Sprodex was designed for the intelligence communitys use.  CIA, NSA, DIA.  Its' use against the new terrorists could prove crucial.  Its use against us could be,  he paused,  inconvenient.  He turned and began to walk away.
	Wheres the stiff Im supposed to look into?
	University Hospital morgue, The man's face remained in shadow as he opened his car door.  Check it out, and then we will be at peace again.  He started the car motor, closed the door, hit the lights and drove off to the down ramp, and disappeared into the night.
	Park stood there, mystified.
Chapter Eight
	Deveraux was intrigued at this new form of communication he was experiencing with James.  Direct mental contact was happening with another being.  No talking--just thinking was going on between two chemically enhanced minds.  
	This is bizarre.  I can think it as fast as you can read it, Devereaux said
	You were thinking of brain chemistry?  James replied.
	But while the amygdala is busy telling the body what to do, it fires up the hippocampus which helps the brain with new memories.  The rat gets contextual data, where it was, what was going on when it was shocked.  It learns what situations are safe and which ones give it a shock.  The cortex is for elaborate and accurate information processing.  Prefrontal cortex gives the all clear signal to the amygdala when the threat is gone.  Its harder to turn off the fight or flight response than to turn it on.  Better to panic unnecessarily than to be so relaxed as to have no emergency response.  The amygdala is the hub in a wheel of fear.  These are the physical bodies we are going to test you on.  CAT, MRI and SPECT.
	James responded in thought, Computerized axial tomography, magnetic resonance imaging, and single photon emission computed tomography.  These are the tests you want me to do.  Hypothalmus, cortex, amygdala, pineal body, pituitary gland.  These are all key points to this old effect.  Im turning into a caveman.  My mind is reawakening to the skills of hunting game with thought and brain activity.  This is fun.  Weve got to turn on DJ and Kooch and Steve.  I gotta turn on my girlfriend.  Well be able to communicate so well.  This is a total gas.
	Before you float off on a cloud, do remember that this thought caused Phillip Brach to lose his life.
	Yeah, Im not gonna lose sight of whats important here, James responded.  Youre thinking of turning this all over to the press and a few select senators, I can see it in your mind.
	Ultimately yes, but I want to make sure we have a supply of all the essential parts of our little wonder drug before we give it to the world, Devereaux said.
	We can market it as a sweetener and pocket the seeds, said James.
	I may have to see this life form in its habitat.
	Thatd be a long flight.  I can see your thoughts, remember?  Youre thinking of going to Australia by plane and getting from there to the islands.  All to get this amborella plant.
	We will need a source that cannot be compromised.  I can get everything into place in a few weeks.  Good thing Im retired or Id have hell to pay juggling my schedule.  If we give this thing to the cartels, the Afghanis are sure to get it eventually.  Need I remind you this is a post-9/11 world?  We do have some patriotic duties to perform.
	You want to save the nation from terrorists, and I want to make a batch of marijuana coconut macaroons.
	Cookies and world peace.  Wed make a good odd couple.
	Saut a half ounce of weed in butter.  Cleaned weed, of course.  No stems or seeds.  The heat activates the intoxicant.  Strain and squeeze out every drop of butter from the mash, and soak it up into dry shredded coconut.  The coconut goes into the cookies.  One cookie, and youre stoned for hours.  Its the perfect thing for sitting on an Australian 747 for eighteen hours.  Direct flight, of course.  Well need a plane to ship the plants in that can get into Columbia when were done collecting them in the islands.
	Thats true.  Steve and Kooch will have to make some arrangements for us.  Devereaux pondered for a moment.  Its ten A.M. now.  This afternoon well get your tests done.  I hope to God this amateur blend of chemicals doesnt cause either of us cancer.
____________________________________
	James was used to stripping for a hospital visit.  He insisted on two gowns, one for the front and one for the back.  Hed finished the CAT scan by 1 P.M. and was being inserted into the tube of the MRI when Devereaux strolled in.
	This ones a bit noisy, lad.  But its quick.  Well have results in a few minutes.
	As soon as this tray Im on gets into there, then its supposed to be noisy.
	All set now, just relax, said the attendant, a black African whose name tag read Abu.
	The tray began to slide inside the huge cylinder.  It came to a stop and began a noisy clatter of moving machine parts hitting each other at high speed.  It went on and off for about ten minutes.  Then it was over, and the tray slid out with James curiously taking in the surroundings.
	That left the SPECT test yet to do.  Devereaux told James he would be getting an intravenous radioactive tracer.  By detecting the tracer, the test would track the flow of blood to the brain.  
	Devereaux took in the results and had James back in the Porsche headed south by 2:45 P.M.  By 3:30, they were pulling into the drive of the Palo Alto command center.  DJ, Steve, and Kooch were all glad to see the two of them.  They talked, lunched, and smoked a celebration of their rekindled team spirit.  Devereaux told them of the errand hed planned for Australia.  Kooch offered to help with air transit, and plans were made to get 100 transplantable amborella plants safely transported to Hawaii.  From there the final destination would remain a secret but Kooch seemed to know what he was doing, so no one complained.
	Tomorrow Devereaux would take possession of a case of Palu Berry Cassis.  It was used locally by natives to sweeten palm wine.  He already had tablets of the amborella to mix with the serotonin analogue.  They would provide the desired effect after the brain had been cleaned with LSD.  
	DJ took a pill that James had gotten in the robbery.  So did Kooch after reluctantly tripping for the first time in a decade.  Steve was the last to join the club.  That totaled to five minds that could peer inside each other at will.  Conversation changed as they accustomed themselves to being truly transparent.

	James and DJ had been back in Minneapolis for two weeks when James got a call from her on the phone.  Turn on your TV and tune in to channel eleven.  Do it now.
	Okay, okay.  Ill call you back when its over.  Whats going on?
	Devereaux just called me.  He told me its all over for those Fellowship creeps.  Its on the news tonight.  Watch the news now.  Do it.
	Okay, James said as he hung up the phone.  He reached for the TV and turned on the switch.  He sat down as the box slowly came to life.
	And dont forget to join us for the six P.M. news here on channel eleven.  Stay tuned for NBC news in a few moments after messages from our sponsors.  The next thing James saw was famed announcer Tom Brokaw as a "talking head" saying, Just in from Minnesota, a CIA attempt at achieving ESP goes terribly wrong as two physicians and an Air Force Colonel are arrested for killing a mental patient.  It appears that they were furthering their research by analyzing the brain of a mental patient while testing a failed new ESP drug.  That and more on the news here on NBC.
________________________________________________________________
	Michelle was able to conclude her case against Skate, aka Theodore Mason Mueller, for sale of more than five grams of cocaine.  He received six months of electronically monitored house arrest, drug treatment, and two years probation.  She was unable to prove the drugs were from the robbery in question.  Slick did not achieve his Harley.
____________________________________
Devereaux had a quandary to figure out.  He had senators to talk to first.  Then he had the intelligence community to comfort.  He had the cartels to soothe.  Finally, he had the media to talk to as quietly as possible.  Hed sent a biologist friend to the South Pacific island of New Caledonia to collect a small forest of amborella bushes, cases of amborella berry extract, and a mission to get all of those to Peru, no questions asked.  As soon as the amborella was transferred to the cartels, he made his presentation to six bewildered US senators, describing the chemical goings-on with the Sprodex.  They were intrigued, to say the least.  This was the first time the cartels had contributed anything positive to the US government.  Devereaux savored his role as peacemaker.  He presented them with a deal they couldnt refuse.
They got the functional Sprodex, and he got protection for his South American friends plus prosecution of the Fellowship of CIA doctors who had managed the ghoulish Operation Delphi.  Witherspoon, Devers, and Griffin would all be prosecuted.  They would not be told that they had been fingered by James McGregor or any of his people.  The cartels had their recipes and their raw materials.  They could now produce their protector and would be forever safe from informants.  That left the media.  Devereaux had carefully contacted the senators with one special wish.  The Sprodex was officially to get the slander of an ineffective experiment gone wrong.  It was going public, yes, but not with any knowledge of its true power.  The media was told it didnt work.  
Devereaux chuckled to himself as he sat on the plane going home.  Everyone was happy and the secret was not out.  The secret would eventually be released.  It would change the world someday.  Today, however, his work was done.  He settled back into his seat as the turbofans spooled up and began their roar down the runway.
There will be time enough for revolution in the days to come, he thought to himself.
Book Two - Synchronicities
Chapter Nine
"Your life is a morass.  Damn rudderless.  You have yet to discover any purpose for yourself.  You tell me you got a job as a guinea pig and found out that was a scam, and then you found a purpose for a little while, now you get back to the city and then you descend back into the directionless drug use that caused you to get exploited in the first place."
It was a hot summer day in June.  The wind was fanning the calf-high corn in rows, out of town, in farm country.  Here was Minnesota in all of its agricultural glory.  A day in summer meant soybeans and corn would be visibly growing near gravel pits and other swimming venues.
Cathleen studied her boyfriend for a moment.  There was the victory at hand with the government losing the war over the mysterious drug called "Sprodex."  James had brought cash and drugs back from California.  He had a new sense of confidence.  He was a better man for it all.  She was proud of him, secretly, but that gave her no reason to forgive him.  He took off without much more than a kiss goodbye and was gone for three months.  Sure, he brought home the goods, and brought home the bacon, but he scared her.  He really scared her.  This sort of thing was dangerous.
James leaned back into the bucket seat of the maroon 1999 Acura sedan, and visually scanned the waterline of the former stone quarry.
It was a warm breezy day, perfect for basking in the sun with the woman of his dreams, the apple of his eye.
He watched the dark water with ripples on its surface.  Below those waves was a combination of rusting steel stone-cutting equipment, and the same stone that was being removed for sale as the walls of buildings all over the five-state area in the northern Midwest.  What was once a money engine was now a simple swimming hole.
The surroundings of the stone quarry meant you would be best served by not jumping into the dark green water, as you might go "headfirst" into the rusting steel of the stone cutters.
"The breeze and sun is positively intoxicating," he said under his breath.  The clarity of the bright sun on a cloudless day left him amazed at how beautiful a simple day at the old swimming hole could be.
The stone was oddly blonde and almost a flesh tone.
He thought on the idea of snow along the sides of the city streets.  He was amazed at the psychedelic patterns and curves in the ice with water running under such a cover of elegant, sugary lace.
Those were the memories that counterweighted his view of the sunny, warm, breezy afternoon in June .  Here he watched Cathleen toss her wavy blonde hair over her shoulders in the front passenger seat in the car.
James turned his gaze from the quarry water to her face, pinked with sun.  "I can tell who a person truly is by what music they like.  For instance, I like guitar sounds.  Page, Hendrix, Clapton.  I like synthesizers, which means I like Klaus Shultze, Tangerine Dream, Kitaro, Kraftwerk and the Chemical Brothers.  I can groove on Woody Herman, Gregorian Chant and ultra-modern pop."
She looked over the rims of her sunglasses she made eye contact with her blue eyes and his of the same color.  She said, "You're unbelievably full of it."  She reached the dashboard and withdrew James' pack of Marlboro cigarettes and put one of them up to her lips.  She lit it with a lighter and put the pack and lighter back on the dashboard.  She turned and faced James, "I just love the way you're full of it."
"So you smoke now?  When did this happen?" he inquired.
"I am picking up on your vices," she said.
"Well then, perhaps we can bring you a little closer to the inside of the machine.  Like Pink Floyd said, 'Welcome to the Machine.'"  He pulled out his wallet and withdrew a small two-inch square zip-lock bag and withdrew a small piece of paper.  It was about a third of an inch square and printed with a small picture of the cartoon character Bart Simpson.  His spiky hair and big smile gave mute witness to a drug that would keep both of them smiling for six hours.  He tore one of the squares off from the group and proceeded to rip one of the "Barts" into two halves.
"You eat this one and I will eat its brother," he said.  He put the Bart into her hand and she moved it in her palm.  Deceptively small for such a thing that would cause a great change in her life.
They smoked and stripped and went down to the water's edge.  They slipped into the breeze-rippled water and splashed and swam.
After an hour of playful, idle, purely recreational fun they came together on the rocky shore and put their clothes back on and walked carefully back to the car.
James reached into the passenger window and opened the glove compartment and withdrew a prescription bottle and opened it.  He poured out a few tablets and put all but one back into the bottle.
"Here you are, gal!  Here is your building block.  You have just had your 'contacts cleaned' by that LSD I just fed you.  This is the final step in creating an ESP that you can use anytime."
"Extra-Sensory-Perception?  You mean this will make me into one of those CIA spooks?"  She eyed the tablet in his left palm and looked quizzically into his eyes.
"This is the key.  With the trip and the Sprodex you will have just as much ESP eavesdropping power as I and my team have."  He drank in her now tripping mind with the LSD-powered sight.
She placed the tablet into the fingers of her right hand.
"Well, it hasn't killed you just yet, so I suppose it's a valid question to ask.  Is it safe?" she inquired.
"It's a vegetable extract of a berry from Polynesia.  There are some vegetables which are poisonous but this has not harmed me yet.  My friends all have tested it out without any adverse circumstances.  I think it is safe, but it is still experimental."
She looked at him and popped the tablet into her mouth.  She got a can of Coke from her bag in the front passenger seat of the car.  She washed down the pill with a swallow of the internationally popular beverage.  He watched her, and said, "One of the biggest ideas I got from the government is this whole concept of disability.  The State seeks to disable the underclass as much as possible.  Trap them into dead-end jobs, and misdirect benefits cash into legislative and judicial profit.  The subject becomes a pawn of government at every level.  Were it not for this new insight, I would still be a mental patient on an SSI check.  This vision has now given me a passport to white-collar crime and surveillance on a truly grand scale.  This reality is what my county case manager would call 'grandiose'."
He popped another cigarette into his mouth and lit it.  "What I have seen the State do to mental patients is they strive to disable all of the subject's antisocial talents, and empower obedience to the courts, or legislature, or police.  In that sense the book 1984 was a wry comment on a reality already present but unnoticed."
"And so, Jimmy boy, you don't have a lot of alternatives to turn to.  The judge asks, 'If not me, then who', and then that same judge fails to sleep through the night knowing she has just loosed a potential killer onto the world.  Did you ever see that reality, Jimmy boy?"
"Yeah, I can see some of that mindset, but the reality is that the Constitution was designed to both bring government from madness and in the same step to bring the mad to government.  They just did not have Thorazine in 1783.  The law and the old ideas of rights have gone their separate ways since 1937.  I have a friend who was locked up for decades under such law."
They continued debating law and money and the government and Cathleen began to feel little flashes of a new kind of sight.  She reached out of the window of the now-cruising car on its way back to Rochester.  The town blended into her mind.
She focused her mind on a child in a park and saw an image of a small person's thoughts of finding a bathroom in time before need became more imminent.
Cathleen focused on James and in his mind he winked at her soul.
The road disappeared under the Acura's tires like a shark advancing in water.
She focused on James' mind and he was right there to welcome her consciousness.  His mind showed her his memories of life during the mid 1980s.  Here were the places people went who wanted drugs and alcohol.  Over yonder was the music store.  Here is where cars used to race.  South and east was the high school.  Downtown was the bell tower called a "carillon."  It would put out the tune of a song for a few minutes every hour on the top of the hour.  Several times a day you could hear it sing it's melodies. 
"You need to drink a beer at the North Star Bar.  It's where the blue-collar workers and their kids go to meet."  He steered the car east from the southwest part of town.  Here was the doctor's neighborhood with its quiet conservatism.  Nearly every doctor here was a Republican.  The houses were easily a half a million dollars each.
James turned off the highway at Second Street and made a right to Broadway.  Then a left to the North Star Bar, a few blocks north of Second Street.  
James drove into the bar's parking lot and closed the sunroof and unlocked the doors from his controls at the driver's door.  They got out and locked the doors.  James had used the electronic lock to get the rear doors.
They walked into the west entrance.  They saw a bar on the south side of the room.  At the east side a band was setting up for the evening's music.
James looked at the bartender, a heavy-set man with the beard and ponytail of a biker, or at least a rocker.  "Can we get a pair of tap Buds?"
"Sure," the barkeep replied.
James sat on a barstool and Cathleen put her purse on the bar and sat next to him.  James lit another cigarette and looked for an ashtray.  The barkeep placed two beers before the couple.  James slowly exhaled a breath of Marlboro smoke.
"A Cross Boss manifold.  That's what the bartender is mentally occupied with.  He wants to find a dual four-barrel carburetor for his car's 429-cubic-inch V-8 motor.  The manifold works well because it is low, but has great geography within the engine compartment.  It takes away the need for a high-rise manifold.  The carburetors sit at opposite ends of the top of the motor.  With more distance to travel the fuel gets mixed better.  The paths of fuel and air mix travel across each other, and thus get the name Cross Boss from the cross of air paths and the Ford car called a 'Boss Mustang,'" James said to Cathleen.  "But I think of Carl Jung.  He came up with the idea of synchronicity.  Coincidence being more than just accidents.  There is a possibility that we may be communicating on a subconscious level, quite unaware.  That implies that there may be fate, or perhaps even a god.  Thus, I point out that the Cross Boss label for that innocent old aluminum thirty-pound intake manifold may also be a synchronicity in that it is more than just a coincidence," said James.
"So you think his mental picture reminds you of the existential divinity of Jesus Christ?"  She raised up her beer and said, "A toast to our sense of faith, you miserable drug-addict wretch.  Amazing Grace has saved a wretch like me."
James raised his beer next to hers in midair and clinked her glass.  They drank beer and read minds together.  Once in a while they read each other's minds.
They stalked other souls with their sight of mind.  For Cathleen it was a new experience.  She was unaccustomed to spotting a male mind undressing her form in his mental picture.  She looked to James for support and found James hoping any woman would find him attractive at all.  He was no help.
He said, "The supremacy of Christianity goes worldwide from Osama bin Laden to Galileo.  The scoundrels of Jesus have used smallpox as the icebreaker to several massacres.  Look at Montezuma and Cortez.  The U.S. Army dosed the Sioux Indians around the end of the 1800s.  The army of America gave the Native Americans a bunch of blankets infected with smallpox."
"You can find that behavior worldwide," she replied.
"I just don't groove on people getting sanctimonious about the need to kill off dissent.  George Bush does that sort of thing.  You don't have to be George, or fight him either.  What would you do in his position?  Play Dead Kennedy tapes on his limousine stereo?"
He looked at her and sipped his beer.  After drawing smoke into his lungs he said, "Anyone who could lose Osama at Tora Bora is worthy of criticism.  I heard that one was because Rumsfeld and the CIA got into a leadership argument.  George kept asking CIA to invent a reason for war with Iraq.  The rest is all diatribe on my part and 'we did it without your input so you don't get to criticize,' on George's part."
She looked at him and said, "You're both white males cut from suburban cloth.  One of these days you will get an IRS audit from a black female tax accountant."
"Well, I don't see you putting chitlins, grits, and okra onto the stove either."  He considered his words and just looked at her and read her mind as she read his.  The arguments fell away as they both turned disagreement into a wry smile.  
They found their way past the beers and the band setting up until they moved on to the car.  They drove to a split-level suburban house on the southeast side of town.  James told Cathleen about his childhood there.  The schools, the traffic.  The parks and his boyhood friends.  From boy scouts to term papers, he thought these things out with his mind, he showed her his memories.
They looked at the realities and she pointed out to him spots where his memory was clearly not in sync with reality.  Over time his mind had invented connections.
They drove past the mall and up the hill to the Plummer house.  It was now a park.  He parked the car and they got out, and walked past the stately home of stone, and into a strip of greenery, punctuated by a stone water tower.  He led her up to the balcony where his memory told both of them that some of those old memories were quite sound, and not faded.
He lit a cigarette at the top of the stairs on the balcony.  He told her of the times when his friends had come here to admire the view with or without the assistance of drugs.
He drew several analogies to describe how he had little control over his own life back in school.  She looked into his mind to cross-reference this idea.  She saw disgust with authority being slowly changed by the ravages of time to one where he slowly became the authority and bridged the gap between himself and the bosses of his past life.  It was at this moment he thought about the man with the Mustang car.  He called it a Cross Boss.
There had been another memory of life back then.  A shred of an idea.  There were the annoying, self-righteous, and often silly or ridiculous youths that put forward an excuse for a conservative vote.  James had dismissed them all as young Republicans and noted Goldie Hawn's idea that "there are no young Republicans."
There were, however, people that hosted meetings for Narcotics Anonymous and Alcoholics Anonymous.  James could not house them all, but he saw that the "God Squad," as he put it, was the agency bankrolling these meetings in church basements, all over town.  He looked at it all, and was a repentant sinner just looking for a space in the redemption choir.  Then Cathleen burst his bubble and visited his mind and told him to wise up and think straight.  He would need his wits about him in the times to come.
It was still only June.  The summer had a lot to give.
Then he noticed something different.  It felt like a mind was watching him.  He looked into Cathleen's soul and that was not the one that was speaking to him.  It was, however, a soul similar to his own.
They drove on out of town.  James put that odd notion out of his mind.  It couldn't be another person.  It had to be a reflection of some sort.
*      *      *
Chapter Ten
HALDOL
Heuristic Algorithm Logic
Digital Omni Language
"Good Morning, Haldol.  How are you today?"
"Good morning, Dr. Sanchez.  Are we going to play a game today?"
"No.  Today we have to work.  How are you coming with the folded proteins that we gave you last week?"  The roundish, balding, gray-haired Sanchez looked very cautious.  Here he could be anything from a German to an Irishman, Greek to Icelander.
In a dark corner of an office building, Dr. Sanchez worked to talk with Haldol.  "First, Haldol, we need a mission update."
"I have been self-aware since July of 2002.  Our nation has been at war for one year and four months.  My loyalty is to the Fellowship of Defense Physicians.  I am a silicon creation of the Fellowship.  My Gallium arsenide circuits can perform three trillion calculations per second.  Connected to sensors in laboratories and in surveillance cameras, I have grown from a chess program to being a defense weapon capable of delivering a vengeance blow to any foe that challenges the United States and the Fellowship.  We have been linked to Cheyenne Mountain, NORAD, and Looking Glass since November 10, 2002."
"The drug Sprodex was tested successfully in hopes of creating an eavesdropping capability for a human being.  Regrettably, this means that I will need a human researcher to give me reports on the success or failure of such missions."
"That's good, Haldol.  You have done a good job so far."  The computer used a synthetic voice.  Dr.Sanchez preferred that Haldol use the visual flat screen at the computer.  The words appeared as a response to what Dr. Sanchez typed.  "What I can tell you now, Haldol, is that the mouse has taken the cheese."  
*      *      *
Cathleen slept in the passenger seat of the Acura and James drove into Minneapolis and took Highway 55 to Cedar Avenue to her apartment.  He thought and covered his argument for a moment.  Agencies like AA or NA used Christian churches often as meeting places.  Bars and liquor stores made tens of thousands of dollars selling wine and beer to the people in the upstairs while AA/NA used the basement.  AA could barely keep their bills paid.  The quiet reality is that the cross was the boss.  The Christians made it happen.  It was only through their charity that the 12-steppers got into the door.  That Christian work ethic was the means for the meetings.  The addicts could move from petty success, and perhaps a car payment, but when it came to buying a new church it meant millions in revenue had to be raised.  In that, the cross was the boss.  Be it Lutheran, or Catholic, or Baptist, or Pentecostal, it all came down to one thing.  All these creatures endorsed the wine that Christ himself endorsed.
James had spoken with Cathleen on the subject of music, and how it defined one's character.  Just as the couple had driven north to the Twin Cities they had tuned into KNXR and its playlist of Sinatra, Ella Fitzgerald, and Beatles tunes played in muzak tradition by acts like 101 Strings.  It was the epitome of schmaltz and smarmy.  It blocked Cities 97.  It blotted out the sun just as a dark lens would shield the eyes during an eclipse.
By the time they had passed the turnoff for Cannon Falls, they had changed the station to 97.1, where there was Bonnie Raitt and Nirvana and XTC.  Music was defining James.  
Cathleen slept until James pulled into the driveway to her apartment.  He nudged her sleeping form and she began to wake and stretch.
"Are we there yet, Baby?" she inquired.
"Yeah, we're home, Cath. 
He loaded in the towels, the groceries, and Cathleen's purse, while she woke up and followed him into the front door.
James thought of the friends he had in Alcoholics Anonymous and Narcotics Anonymous.  He felt put out that what he was doing now might alienate them.  His friend, Dr. Devereaux, had given him an analog to the drugs James had used to enhance the ESP drug called Sprodex.  The analog replaced the hallucinogens James had used in the original drug trial.  Nobody had a clue that the drug had worked so well.  As for the analog, turning on Frog would be no problem, but it did mean things to the 12-step crowd of AA/NA.
He kissed Cathleen goodbye, and walked west to his own apartment in the McKnight Tower.  The older houses dated to the 1950s.  They were stucco or wooden sided with traces of Victorian styles.  On one you might see some stained glass, or a bit of trim decorating the otherwise drab little rental homes.  Pink, white, gray, red brick, they all sat in the beaming June sunshine in neat little rows.  Some of them had fraternity insignias of Greek lettering on their front doors and stoops.  The students had partially left.  The population of these homes was half that of what it had been a month ago.  The young people had studied for finals at Augsburg College.
The summer kids now took the place of the school year boarders.
James was seeking his friend Kermit.  James called Kermit by his nickname of "Frog."  About one month earlier James had turned on Frog to the LSD and Sprodex cocktail; he had watched in rapt amusement as Frog had stated his intents.
"Now we can satiate our wanton desires," said Frog.
"Repent now, sinner, or be done away with by a jealous husband or a tainted drug.  In this part of town, it would mean being killed by a jealous bull dyke and/or tainted by a cut gram of cocaine.  In any case, Froggy my friend, you need to use this new sight for the betterment of mankind and not just to soak up the best our sins can suggest."
Frog protested to James.  "I worked hard all my life.  I deserve to drink from the silver cup before I grow into middle age.  I could use a break, and the last thing you should be doing is preaching at me."
James replied, "I give Christianity to fools like you because it is harmless, and disarms your tendencies to risk mayhem.  If you were a Christian, you would get into less trouble.  I am not trying to be preachy, but it is a lesser of two evils.  I want to donate your evil to the church.  It would probably come back as Cheech and Chong's 'Sister Mary Elephant, a nun teacher in a Catholic school who tortures her students."
Frog returned with a loaded paragraph.  "But I knew you did not believe the miracles of Christ anyway, so why should I be a Christian when you yourself are a pillar of rationalism."
James paused and spoke slowly.  "I do not believe in the miracles of Christ, but I believe in the rational miracle of a man creating a fiction like an artist creating a painting.  I don't believe in the magic, but I love the showmanship.  My faith in miracles is the miracle con job that goes on today.  Praise that Houdini, that Chandu, that mystical performance artist.  I see a multitude of believers that are better behaved because of the fiction of Christ.  That is the real miracle of Christ.  A superb divine con done by a suicidal activist who wanted to bring a second thought to every sip of wine.  A forgiveness that goes beyond a drunken lost weekend.  A sharing of body chemistry from sinner to sinner to wine to even more sinners.  Punctuate all that with forgiveness, and alakazam, you have a flock that becomes a church, that becomes an army, and then an empire.  It becomes as crass and dehumanizing as Joe Stalin's interpretation of the workers paradise of the Soviet Union.  Thank God that empire is dead.  For the moment, I will accept this Christian empire, but know this: I would like to dose every communion cup with the LSD Sprodex cocktail and create a new revelation."
Frog was taken aback.  "What you have proposed is beyond any nightmare I could ever dream up.  You want to dose the Smithers family, and Homer Simpson too, just before he goes to work at the nuclear power plant.  That's evil."
That was the debate between Frog and James on the day Frog was initiated into the circle.  Now James had a completely different mindset.
Gone was the revolutionary and in its place was the old sage, turning on the young initiates.  Though he was only three months ahead of his peers, he felt as if all of his life was spent preparing for these important times.
Of course this was true, but others felt similar to that ideal.  He had struggled to open the gates of the dawn, but now he felt it should move slowly.
Upon dosing on the Sprodex, Frog had used the term "scanning" to define the mental eavesdropping that the Sprodex had given them all.  About 10 people now had the sight.  As James walked through the neighborhood to Frog's apartment, he thought about the conversation he had experienced with Frog.
Scanning: The term was from Frog's collection of VCR tapes.  It was a movie, a motion picture, about a person with telekinetic abilities.  One could "scan" together with other scanners and thus share consciousness.
James reached his own building on Cedar Avenue.  He opened the front door with its magnetic lock and went in.  Within five minutes he was in his own apartment.  He put on a pot of coffee and lit up a cigarette.  He strolled, smoke trailing him, to the balcony and slid open the glass door.  He sat on one of the two chairs, leaned back and relaxed.  Here was a moment to drop all his routines.  To drop all of his concerns for a moment and just relax in the June sun.  To relax in all that he had done.  To relax in what he was about to get done.
The balcony was in the shadow of the tower.  The sun lit the entire neighborhood, save the north side of the building.  He put his lit cigarette into the bite of his teeth, got up and stood.  He walked into the cave, the dark apartment, and found the telephone.  He dialed Frog's phone number.  After seven rings Frog answered, clearly aided by a caller-ID box as Frog said, "How you doing, Jimmy-boy?  Are the days as sweet as Cathleen, or some Hawaii bud?"
James replied, "I am doing my best to be non-preachy.  It is a character flaw, for sure, but it has served me well.  I got us all here intact."
Frog spoke on the line.  "I suppose you are discounting your doctor friend and DJ, who introduced you to all this?"
"Yes, yes, it is all true.  I played a small role in the total scheme of things but I went to the casino with three magic quarters, and I won a payoff.  Now I have to share it all with you and yours.  Have mercy on my foolish ways."
"You just sit back and enjoy, Jimmy Boy, and Froggie and friends will rouse the rounders, and raise the rafters.  We get to rule our own spy craft, and you get to be a spectator."
"Thanks for the vote of confidence.  Have you a moment for some coffee, and a taste of bud?  I am in the office."
" I will be down to your floor in five minutes.  See ya then."
Frog hung up the phone and James poured himself a cup of coffee and walked back to the balcony and finished his smoking.  By the time he had returned to the darkened apartment, Frog was rapping on the door.
When James opened the door he looked up and saw two young men.  One was Frog, and the other was known as Gandalf.  The name "Gandalf" referred to a wizard in the book series called The Lord of the Rings.  
Gandalf was really Rick.  They came in.  James locked the door behind them.
"So what has your special sight brought us, Mr. Frog?  James asked.
"I have some Wisconsin skunk bud that is truly a creeper of the one-hit variety.  Would you care for a taste?  Frog said.
James met the challenge with a pipe in hand.  Frog took the three-inch pipe of brass, and withdrew a bag of bright jade-green bud decorated by a marbling of rust-colored, crystal laden, flowery hairs.  Putting it all into the smoking bowl seemed to be the right place for a test flight of three collections of brain cells accustomed to such transcendental levitation.
Within five minutes of smoking and passing of the pipe, they were all taken aback by the sheer power of the humble-appearing leaves.
Gandalf positioned himself by the computer and tapped a few keys to bring up the screen that was always turned on.
Icons appeared and he began searching with the Google search engine.  Soon he called the two smokers with pot-dulled wits into the computer den.  Gandalf had found something interesting.
"I found a Frank Olson legacy website.  They killed him.  He was a big weapons researcher from Fort Dietrich, Maryland.  They dosed him on acid for project MK Ultra.  Here is your failed CIA test of LSD.  They were trying to achieve a form of 'no-touch' torture.  After being dosed on the acid, he survived a few weeks, and then took a swan dive from the sixth floor of a hotel.  Very dead, man.
"Apparently MK Ultra was a German program where the letters 'MK' stood for the German words "Mind Kontrol."  Apparently the Germans were experimenting with cannabis and mescaline.  They were looking for a truth serum, like Sodium Pentothal, or Scopolamine.  This new form of no-touch torture with LSD, deliberately nightmarish bad trips, looked promising in 1953, but it would ultimately be a failure.  Look at us now," Gandalf said.  "We are the heirs of that program.  We were the first to get it all to work.  They are the ones to avoid.  Them we don't turn on."
James thought for a moment.  "If the doctor was right, then I think some of those government folk may already be using the Sprodex here where its birthplace was.
"And furthermore, I think I spotted someone scanning me in Rochester.  That's where the Mayo Clinic is, and an IBM factory.  I don't know where that ties in yet, but perhaps soon the curtain will be opened," he said.  "The MK Ultra experience was an attempt to give people the worst "trip" known to humanity.  As paranoid, fearful, disgusting, and ominous as possible.  MK Ultra was one huge bummer of a trip.  Olson was killed in November of 1953.  They ate one of their own.  Killed him dead."
The conversation wound around the computer as Gandalf worked to create a database on the whole phenomena of the Sprodex and MK Ultra.  They talked and downloaded and shared their enhanced consciousness as easily as normal people would converse with voices.
James dug out a CD of Alan Parsons and put it onto the player of the stereo.  He turned the volume on low and it seeped into the dark of the room like a sonic incense drifting around the trio with tunes like "Psychobabble" and "I Robot."  The trio relaxed into the dark and smoke and music.
James arose and moved into the living room and refilled his coffee cup from the Mr. Coffee glass coffeepot.
James looked out onto the sunny neighborhood and thought to himself.  His mind said, "Alan Parsons produced the Pink Floyd "Dark Side of the Moon" album.  You just can't get any better than the dark side of the moon."  
*      *      *
Chapter Eleven
The dark side of the McKnight Tower would always face the sunless north.
James walked back to Cathleen's apartment in the 9:00 P.M. sunset of the longest day of the northern hemisphere.  The houses loomed like ghost boxes in the half gloom of twilight.  Her house faced the Augsburg College Park.  Hers was a small house with a west-facing apartment.
James could see lights on.  He did not have a key.  They had not gone to the social ritual of exchanging keys.  For today, at least, there was the sharing of minds.  James reached out to her with his mind.  He scanned for a response.  
He found it.
Before he could ring the door she was unlocking the latch.  Backlit by the table lamp, she opened the door.  She was a true vision of beauty to present herself silhouetted in the doorway.
She was wearing blue-jean cutoffs and a large, white t-shirt.  She wore this ensemble as a countercultural dress.
There was little to say as they both could scan each other's minds, and they did just that.
She looked at the pictures in his soul, and there were two visions that she saw as iconic.  While James could be a real prick to deal with, he also had loopholes to all of his favorite lectures.  Here was his car engines and that dual four-barreled Cross Boss Ford manifold.  James had two more of similar design and effect by the Chrysler Plymouth Dodge variety.  One was a dual four-barrel of the separated opposite placement type, like the Cross Boss, but mounted on top of the famous 426 Hemi.  Another was a triple two-barrel unit called a "six-pack."  With thoughts like that, James had no authority to deny her a six-pack or to use any form of argument using the two Rochester carburetors found on top of the Hemi.
James did not argue the point but he did share with Cathleen the thought that he had felt a scan back there in Rochester while they were driving from the quarry to Minneapolis
Perhaps fate was telling him to make two visits to Rochester.  Perhaps, as well, this all was nonsense.  His role was to note the nonsense but to remember being scanned.
The two people alone in the dark came to an embrace that was deeper than any love that either had experienced in their lives.  Here was something really special.  Very unusual.  Weird and wonderful and willful and dynamic and quiet.
All these things mixed like blood into cocaine, or gunpowder.  They drank from the silver cup and poured themselves out into each other.  They only took time to sleep as the drunks were walking from the bars to the 24-hour Perkins restaurant.  The lovers looked at the drunks like hunters, noting the wild beasts behaving themselves at the shared waterhole.  
*      *      *
Frog awoke the next day and put $600.00 into his pockets with the essential tool of a handgun.  Here was the hunter going forth to stalk some prey.  It was 11:00 A.M. on a hot June day in the making.  The prey would not show up until dark.
He walked to the bus stop and read the schedule.  It was eleven and the bus would take him from "Lake Street and Cedar" to DJ's neighborhood.  He dug into his pocket for change, and prepared to get onto the white bus.
A large KQRS advertisement decorated the front of the bus.  It crossed through the intersection and stopped at Frog's corner.  He boarded, paid, and found a seat.
Thoughts crowded the mind of the man with the amphibian name.  He felt the minds of his fellow passengers.  "Gangster rap" music in one black teenager.  One old man worried about grandkids getting involved in drugs and relationships.  We never had relationships, he thought, we got married, or dated, or courted.  That was always different than those kids and their romances.  They fell in love at ten, kissed at lunch and it was over by the time work was done at five P.M.
Other passengers reviewed shopping lists and read books. 
Yet more passengers just looked out the window at the world sliding by the window of the bus.
By the time he got off the bus, he had traversed 15 city blocks.  He walked the last four blocks from the home of James to just a block away from Cathleen's apartment.  Up the stairs to DJ's apartment and a knock on the door.
"Who is it?" she sang.
"It's me, Frog.  So what are you up to, DJ?"
"I am comparing the Wisconsin skunk bud to this commercial Mexican.  The Skunk has ketanes but also a fresh bouquet.  Both of them are good.  I expect most of the local bud will have that ketane taste to it.  Still, I have had some of the worst black stones that ever masqueraded as hash.  Have a taste, if you will, my beamish boy."
Frog came into the living room, small as it was, and sat on the couch.  "So, what would you recommend?"
I would go for a small amount of Hawaiian first.  After that, a bit of the Mex," she said.
"Load me a taste of the Maui," he replied.
"A nice way to start the day," she said.  "Are you going to come to Minicon this year?"
"You missed it while you and James were in California," he said.  "I just didn't get around to it this year.  I have to get home soon.
DJ passed the brass pipe to him with just a pinch of Hawaiian bud in the bowl, sitting on an oil-blackened screen.  Frog roasted it with the Bic lighter that he used to light his cigarettes.  The reddish rust-colored hairs and jade-green leaf hissed, rich in oil, and burst into smoke.  Frog tried to finish it off in one breath but gave up and passed the still-billowing pipe to DJ.  She sniffed the smoke in through her nose before bringing the brass to her mouth.
She lighted the pipe again and finished off the small collection of leaves so that all that remained was gray ash.
Frog addressed his fellow addict: "I have been researching UFO's.  There is a lot of material out there.  I want to write a novel about the 509th Composite Group.  They were near the place the Roswell UFO crashed.  If I could just write a novel about UFO's following airplanes over Japan in the war, then I could write a book that would be half history and half science fiction."
She smiled with a quizzical twitch of her nose and said, "Get out on the 'net' and let your fingers do the walking through the Yellow Pages," she said.
"What do you mean 'yellow pages'?" he questioned.
"It's a reference to television advertising from 1971.  You wouldn't get the joke.  You were born in 1981, weren't you?"
"Yeah."  He used his telepathy on her and looked into her mind.  There was a song about letting your fingers do the walking through the Yellow Pages.  It was an advertisement for a phone book.  He looked at her mind as she was looking at his.
"Why the gun, Mr. Frog?"  She posed him the question while still looking at his mind.  He could not fool her or hide anything.  He was looking to make a dope deal and he felt it was a good precaution.  "I can see in your mind you are going to ask some hard questions of some very bad people.  All of that for a few pieces of paper in your wallet?"  
*      *      *
Scott Ames had spent the last few moments explaining to a woman just how and why she could not put ten dollars of her bill on one credit card and several other dollars on yet one more card.  Her efforts at confusing her creditors was confusing Scott.
Scott was a bearded, spectacled Caucasian man of about forty years in age.  His lanky six-foot frame made it so he could loom over the customers at Uncle Hugo's Science Fiction Bookstore.  He helped, as he could, with the lady's purchase.
Frog walked into the front door and strolled slowly past the tables filled with VCR tapes of "Doctor Who," and Star Trek movies.  Books were everywhere.  Floor to ceiling.  
Frog walked up behind the woman.  Her glasses were an older style.  She had on a purple cotton blouse and an ankle-length skirt of blue denim.  Her purse was at her hand on the counter where she was juggling her payments from one card to another.
Frog waited until Scott was done with the lady and her deck of cards.
"So how's business, Scott?  Frog inquired.
"Business is good, Froggy," Scott replied.  "Are you still planning to use this new 'print on demand' stuff to get your book published?"
"Yes, I am," Frog said as he rocked his head to one side and asked, "What kind of a book would you write, Mr. Ames?"
"Wilhelm Landig," Scott said.  "He is one of the most well-known of the pro-Nazi writers to come out of Germany in the 1970s.  He was very preachy and quite unabashedly pro-Nazi in his version of world future based on world history.  He is one great villain.  Write a book on Wilhelm Landig and you can really spin a yarn."
"Really?  When did he publish his book?"
"I think he did so around 1970.  There seems to be a real resurgent tide of Nazi sympathies going around Vienna in the 1950s.  Nobody makes as good a villain as a Nazi.  They are so universally evil that all you really need is to put a character in a situation where they have to make some kind of a choice, and 'lo and behold,' you can create a whole mythology of a world-building type.  It is a good book just waiting to write itself."
Scott continued, "Link up this Landig fellow to aliens at Roswell and you have a great adventure book.  Go look it up on the Internet.  And go look up the whole Roswell thing, too."
"Yeah, yeah," Frog said.  "Them are where the atom bombers lived.  The crew that dropped the atom bombs on Japan were them."
Scott continued, "They were the ones.  They dropped the bomb.  You'll go nowhere as a writer, Frog, if you cannot speak English properly.  Watch your commas, too.  Can I help you to steal good plots from other, more well-known science fiction writers?  Try some H. Beam Piper, or some Ursula LeGuin.  I can recommend some good ones."
Scott said, "I liked the Kornbluth piece called Gladiator-At-Law.  That was enjoyable as a one off, superstar sort of piece.  Like all those big books by Heinlein and Clarke getting displaced by little old The Word for World is Forest by Ursula.  That was such a great book.  Green-furred mammalian aliens.  A very Pacific Northwest type of ecology book. 
 What have you got that I haven't seen yet?" said Frog.
"Have I given you The Witches of Karres?  It really is a good one.  I am running out of good books to turn you onto.  You have seen Hogan's Inherit the Stars, haven't you?  Phenomenal cover on it as well.  He wrote a few sequels, but the big one is the debut.  It really served as a professional passport for Hogan.  Without that sales victory, I don't think he could have gotten into the industry."
Scott continued, "You gotta have a target audience.  Look at how Gibson did Neuromancer and cashed into a whole new generation of younger, more drug-addicted, and computer-literate kind of young people.  You have to pick a target audience.  Neuromancer virtually inspired the movie "Blade Runner."  With the newest version of slick presentation, you can tailor-fit your fiction to a new generation.  It's like when The Who wrote the rock anthem "My Generation" with its trademark stuttering.  If you can sell the trademark possession to an entire class of people, and I do mean a big population, that can all identify with your product."
Scott finally inquired, "What genre are you trying to write in?  You sound like a space-alien Roswell piece.  That's actually more conspiracy than mainstream science fiction.  You might sell a lot of books to the Grisham-King group of books in supermarkets but it might alienate your Hugo and Nebula award-winner groups.
Now if you could emphasize your aliens and bring them into the story as intelligent characters, then you might score some more commercial success.  Look at how Harry Potter is making a splash as a kids' book.  It really sold on the playground.  Kids passed it around like teenage boys with a copy of Playboy.  Perhaps that is an overstatement, but you get my point.  Target your audience.  Write a book for them."
Frog thought a moment and said, "Them are good ideas."  He withdrew a single page of printed text and handed it to Scott, who unfolded it and began to read.
Scott read until he began to chuckle.  "Are you going to tear your target audience apart and eat them?  This is hilarious." 
*      *      *
Sensory Perception
By Frog
The geneticat's pan-sized paw slapped the soldier to the rock face like a toy.  Claws tore through his flesh, helmet, and the fabric hood like they were a sirloin steak.  Lieutenant Davis had walked into a deadly trap.
Veracruz leveled his 20-millimeter chain gun at the geneticat, just above the now-dead Davis, and squeezed off a burst of machine-cannon at the beast.  Flesh exploded and the massive, two-ton genetically engineered death cat went down without accomplishing its mission as sentinel for the people in the megabeam city.
Sergeant Veracruz stepped forward and gazed down at the pool of blood issuing from both Davis and the cat.  The blend of bloods intermingled into one pool, a deep burgundy red.  The piece of Davis' helmet was dangling from half a head.  Veracruz picked it up and looked inside.  He peeled the strip of Mylar tape off the sensor display.  Only officers had helmets like these.
Davis never saw it coming, with his heat sensor display masked, and he didn't see the heat signature of the cat in its den.  Funny that way, but Veracruz had held back and let Davis take the lead on this search mission.
Veracruz checked the safety pin on Davis' gun, and then moved the metal tab to unlock it from its safe, non-firing mode.  He fired a shot into the mess of geneticat, then studied the two dead and thought of the romance he was having with Davis' wife.
"You never had a clue, did you?" he said.
He folded the Mylar strip on itself and put it in his pocket.
He looked down at Davis and never noticed the helmet's disk recorder was functioning.  The cat had destroyed the indicator for the recorder, but the disk rolled on.
"I really like your wife," Veracruz said and strolled away to report the tragic death.
Unaware of the operating sound recorder, he never had a clue.  
*      *      *
James looked out from his balcony on the 13th floor.  He withdrew a cigarette and lit it.  He leaned back in the plastic lawn chair and inhaled deeply.  He looked down at the intersection of Riverside Avenue and Cedar Avenue.  The Riverside Cafe on the northeast corner had died, partly because of the cocaine, and partly because the lesbian cartel forced a policy of no smoking, before the time for such behavior was truly ripe.
James continued to smoke.  He stood and opened the glass sliding door.  He listened to music coming in from the stereo boom box in the living room.  The song played on the KQRS radio station was J. J. Cales' "Cocaine" as sung and played by Eric Clapton.
James stood in the doorway with his smoke outdoors and the sound coming at him from indoors.  He thought of the poor cafe and the nasty ways the lesbian crowd could express itself.  Such potential saints could become the worst demons.
Hearing Clapton and looking down on the "Riv" was a moment of synchronicity.
He thought of other synchronicities.  There was the Mayo Fellowship of doctors.  That paralleled the evil "fellowship" that included Devers and Witherspoon.  They had actually tried to kill him.
This was connected to the old book from golden age of pulp science fiction.  The story that Isaac Asimov had written was called "The Foundation."  James drew connections to that foundation, designed to weather the tides of a galaxy-wide descent into barbarism.  James looked at the Mayo Clinic, which had employed his father as an engineer, and noted how similar the Mayo Foundation was to Asimov's Foundation.  It was a seed of civilized conduct and science.
Such a seed would save humanity from greed and corruption.  Like a University in a land of decay, it would hold onto humanity's accomplishments when all around them were forgetting how to work miracles.
It seemed like everything was building to some great crescendo.  A climax, an end point, or a moment of triumph.  And there was always that feeling he had gotten from Rochester, of somebody eavesdropping on the scan he had shared with Cathleen.
She was waking up behind him.  
*      *      *
"So, Haldol, do you have any thoughts, or is being a two-year-old consciousness too much for your circuitry?"
I can comprehend all that you have taught me, Dr. Sanchez, but I cannot read minds or perform acts of clairvoyance.  Now that the Sprodex is shared by our people working on the Islamic wars and our opponents in the drug groups, I cannot predict how these decisions will ultimately guide us.  I am a machine, and I have no way of experiencing your clairvoyance.  The only way I can process this new data is to have you tell me about it."
Dr. Sanchez replied to Haldol, "You helped discover the Sprodex, so some of the credit should go to you.  No biochemist could have done half of what you did with your cranial cartography.  Your neurochemistry work was flawless.  When the time is right, I want you to get the accolade you so duly deserve."
"Dr. Sanchez?" said the mechanical voice.
"Yes?" said the doctor.
"Will you tell me what you have seen with the Sprodex?"
"Of course I will, Haldol.  You deserve an accurate report." 
*      *      *
Dr. Sanchez addressed the gathering: "The American dominance of this world must be made to be imperishable.  We must take a lead and keep it for all time, if we are to survive at all.  There is always room at the top.  Afghanistan and Iraq will need to know our resolve.  This is not even a thing of mere vengeance, or tooth for tooth.  This is the quest for our American Society to stay at the front of a pack of nations who compete at the task of being the alpha male, no matter how ludicrous the mission or foolish its people may be.  Having a transvestite for a president would not be bad as long as that white man was also the most ruthless, hardworking global citizen, capable of all responses, should they even be cruelty and terror.  If such a person were to exist then we would all tuck in behind him and follow as he led a trail through the world of bloodshed and suffering.  All this would be allowed, if at the end of the day we saw our corporations reign supreme."
Sanchez continued, "It is the natural order of our world for the haven of the immigrants to be the workshop of the industrial revolution.  It is thus needful that American captains of industry and not European royals or anarchists be the torchbearers of freedom, or of all that we can afford for all the freedoms of the masses.  They get good situation comedies every season and Spielberg movies on Forrest Gump.  They do not get sweaty and filthy hands on the levers and pulleys of our leadership.  It is our conclave that is entrusted with the continuation of the best our race has to offer.  We will not go quietly to the wings until we collect the funds from the ticket office.  The rest of the play can go on as a communist orgy of self-sacrifice, but not for our contribution to the world.  To that end, it is our circle of cooperation that will truly look after the human race.  Rightfully so, it is us that will reign supreme.  The masses need us.  They need our leadership and our guidance.  They are the fish in our aquarium.  We feed them.  We clean them.  We add new ones when the old of them die off due to old age, and limited biannual life span.  The truth of our relationship with these masses must never be fully revealed."
Dr. Augustine delivered the final notes to the remarks of Dr. Sanchez.  "Our country, and in fact our planet, relies on us to maintain our leadership.  Without the minds and genetics of the fellowship, there would be no country.  It is our Western European race that leads the way for seven continents and billions of people.  We have colonized this wealth in human assets and resources, and it is our responsibility to put them to work, to guide their output, to tax them, to reward them, to prune them back and to clone success.  We must be the beneficent dictators.  We must prevail if mankind is to prevail at all.  Without our guidance, this would be a communist military camp set on enslaving the world.  At least we can appear as a product of the freedom that so infects the body human."
The other faces on the 10-screen conference call all clapped fervently and waved enthusiastic "thumbs-up" signs.  After Augustine and Sanchez had finished with the call, they texted each other with compliments and good wishes.
"With the world as our patient, we will only have time to share a bedside manner with little more than a small few who actually command these territories that we call 'civilization.'"
Now, at last, I can devote some attention to this McGregor fellow, Sanchez thought.  Perhaps we can make some use of this weed in the driveway of our lives.  We are not some nebulous group of minds working for empty domination.  We were specifically designed to respond to this fate.  We have been designed by history and experience to guide and command.  It is our responsibility to lead.  It must be done, and done quietly, swiftly, he thought.  
*      *      *
Frog felt the presence of the other mind.  It was enhanced like his.  He saw weapons, and vehicles, and money.  Here was the tasty caramel center.  That part of government that never went poor.  He saw credentials like CIA and FBI and DIA.  All of them were just alphabet soup until he looked at the training.  Machine guns, sniper rifles, karate, poisons, intelligence gathering.  Frog even saw frogmen.
The young man with holes in the knees of his blue jeans took it all in.  He was about to enter the park at Minnehaha Creek.  He looked and saw a new black Chevy Suburban four-door truck.  Out of the truck came three men in black suits.  They did not run to him or away from him.  Frog could feel a presence within one of the men.  He clearly could feel Frog as well.
Frog looked into the man's mind and felt an alternative to hallucinogen use.  The man was Harold Walsh and the drug that he used was Prozella.  It worked with the Sprodex but there was no hallucination or awe-inspiring hangover.
Frog felt in his pocket for his gun.  It was a 25-caliber Ruger.  When he saw Walsh give a 'hands up' gesture he took his hand off his weapon.
"Mr. Suns, I presume?  You would be the one they call 'Frog.'  Can we have a word with you someplace where you would feel comfortable?" said Walsh.  The six-foot man in black had chestnut-brown hair and a moustache and glasses.
"The picnic table will be just fine.  What do you want with me?  Congratulations on your invention of the Prozella!  It is a hefty hangover if you do the LSD route to get the Sprodex to work," said Frog.  "It took you a month to create your Prozella, and then came you.  I would venture that you and your people haven't got more than a month's experience with this hangover side effect.  That said, what do you want with Mr. Suns?"  Frog pointed Walsh to a table and tried to read Walsh's mind.  There were walls within walls and trapdoors, ciphers and codes and some good old cops-and-robbers stuff.
"You realize, of course, that the Patriot Act has authorized me to impound all of your people right down to Cathleen's cat."  Walsh smiled and spoke on.  "Of course, that will be off-limits.  We aren't here to muscle in on James' girlfriend.  Nonetheless, we are curious as to just how many people here, at site number one, really know about the Sprodex.  Have you turned on any Muslim terrorists or Somali pirates?  Who knows that the genie is out of the bottle, just yet?"
Frog walked the remaining 10 feet of grass to the picnic table and sat down.  Only Walsh sat down.  The other two stood with about 20 feet's distance between them and the table.
"Really?  Frog said.  "How do you even know about Sprodex?  Are you from the Department of Defense or CIA?"
"We are a meeting point of all of the branches of government intelligence.  There is something of a dust-up going on right now.  We have a few doctors running a part, or wing, of our shadow government.  You should know about that, Mr. Frog.  You just talked to Mr. Ames at the bookstore.  He said your idea for a story would be more conspiracy than science fiction.  Have you ever heard of Robin Cook?  Walsh inquired.
"Sure.  He wrote Coma and a few books after that went nowhere.  It's tough to write about sinister health plans in Ohio."  Frog looked Walsh in his glasses.
Walsh said, "Then you do know of doctors and the law.  That's there for a start.  With Dr. Witherspoon and Dr. Griffin  taking an appointment in a low security prison, there are a few people at the top who are a bit apprehensive of your operation here in Minnesota," Walsh said.
"So how does that mesh with me walking to a dope dealer's house and buying a quarter pound of some good smoking herb?"
"It doesn't.  The last thing on your mind should be your drug habits, Mr. Suns.  What you should be dealing with is a sixty-year legacy of medical science backing up government under all circumstances.  Not just Vietnam, or Guatemala, or even Chile, but ALL circumstances.  Even when the interests of this nation have not been palatable to the masses while they consume Tang and Star Trek.  This was a world bound together by Adam-12 and the Monkees.  By Republicans voting for war at an unprecedented extreme and Democrats speaking on behalf of a half-hearted effort at war.  The bottom line, Mr. Suns, is that our nation was saved by a budget that was unstoppable.  We created a superfund for a super mission.  You and your friends are the super threat to our super fund.  We took money from our top stockholder, who, at that time was Mr. Howard Hughes, and we created a medical diagnosis for him and the intelligence community.  We paid for a ship called the Glomar Explorer to raise a sunken Russian submarine.  Do you have any idea how rich you have to be to build a ship to raise a sunken submarine from the bottom of the Pacific Ocean?  I can only marvel at the capability of the CIA at that time.  Hughes kept all of that power off the books and away from congress and its ridiculous half-hearted warriors for the outdated constitution of the cold war era."
"So Howard helped you out?  What does that have to do with Jimmy Boy, my pal and fellow retiree?" said Frog.
"The bottom line, Mr. Suns, is that we are a war machine now looking for a new crusade, and you are going to give it to us if you know what's best for yourself, your friends, your nation, and your country.  We are going to re-fund the Fellowship and use it to go after the new threat from Islam Incorporated.  They have a new stockholder in this Bin Laden fellow and right when we needed our stockholder, Mr. Hughes, we find ourselves to be a race car without a support team sponsor or a driver."
"So," Frog queried, "what do you want me to do about it all?  We gave our approval to both sides getting the secret of the Sprodex.  You are here, annoying me because I am one of the unusual people that can have a telepathic conversation with.  That doesn't mean I am in favor of your Fellowship or your politics.
"In practical terms, Mr. Walsh, you are asking me to betray my people.  Choose your words wisely, sir, as I don't sell out my clan or kin to anybody but the best deal brokers, and you may be a good agent of the intelligence networks, but you only rarely help out people like me."  Frog was resolute.
"We have funding, but we lack drivers for this race.  Could you train a handful of candidates in just how to use things like your LSD to create new oracles?  For a drug like LSD to be used, it takes an experience that we find troublesome and in some circumstances to be even frightening," Walsh said.
Frog was stunned.  "It was your people who pioneered that MK Ultra program that sent Frank Olson out of the sixth floor window, swan diving to the concrete.  Your 'MK Ultra' comes from the German 'Mind-Kontrol' program.  That's where they got the 'MK.'  You guys were trying to create 'no-touch torture' and giving people the worst trips possible to get them to crack open and spill every secret some West German spy could even dream of knowing.  You guys have a lot of nerve coming to us and trying to create something happy and harmonious after sixty years of creepy subterfuge."  Frog was riled, upset, incensed.  
*      *      *
Cathleen stood in James' living room behind James as he stood in the doorway to the balcony.  He had his back to her.  She quietly closed their distance and gently slid her hands from his hips to his chest, all the while slowly moving into an embrace, topped off by her chin on his right shoulder.  "What's shakin', baby?"  Her mind set upon his and asked the same question telepathically.  She saw his suspicion at that feeling of being scanned at the quarry.  He wanted to go back to Rochester soon.  Perhaps there was something to do with the great Mayo Clinic, and its Mayo Foundation, and Mayo Fellowship.  Could there be a connection between those great bastions of medicine and the work of Dr. Witherspoon and Dr. Griffin?
What if all they had done was to stir up a hornets nest?  What if?  What if?  What if?
"How about some coffee, you scanner cop?  Righting wrongs for the world's sleeping unconsciousness."  She went to the kitchen and looked for food.  She found a day-old pizza in the refrigerator and some bread, honey, and peanut butter, some real butter, and some ravioli in a can.  "Then again we may have to go shopping before we eat," she said.
They looked at each other, scanned and came to the consensus opinion that the ultra punk crowd at the Hard Times Cafe would be a good bet at nine in the morning.
They got to the cafe at 9:15, after turning off the computers and making the bed.  She would have done his laundry if she only had a key.  The relationship had not gone that far yet, but they scanned together so they were as close as twins.  He could sense her telling him to wash his clothes.  She was a woman and he was a man, but they were just a pair of kids.
Upon entry to the cafe in the morning, they saw people they recognized.  Kids even younger than themselves staffed the cash register and also the diners' tables.  The duo found a table and the waitress found them.  She had menus in her hands.  James looked Cathleen in the eye, scanned, and telepathically asked her if she knew what she wanted.  She scanned back and said she wanted two pancakes and two eggs.  The pancakes were to be small.
James looked at the waitress, clad in a combination of army surplus hippie-ware and Gothic Punk black lace.  "I will take a Mexican omelet, and she will have two small pancakes and two eggs."  He turned to Cathleen and asked, "And how do you want your eggs, ma'am?"
"I will take them 'over easy' and the cakes should be around seven inches wide."  She smiled to the Goth waitress, and handed the punk her menus back.  She waddled back to the kitchen to give the cook his two orders.
"I am worried about the zeroth law.  It's an old concept from a 1950s science fiction prize winner.  You know this Asimov fellow I keep harping on about?  Well, I keep seeing the Laws of Robotics and this loophole where some smart robot figured out how to get around those four first laws of not harming humans, or harming themselves, or obeying orders.  I forget the other one, but my point is there was a deduction made by a smart robot that said the robots could not let mankind kill itself.  Mankind must be protected and even provoked if it was in humanity's best interests.  They called that the 'zeroth law' so it would not feel as if the Laws of Robotics were being ignored."
James sipped at a glass of water and ice.  "I wonder where Frog is at this moment.  He turned me onto the whole 'Sprodex' affair right here in the caf.  He showed me the ad in the school newspaper.  I answered it, and it all moved at a fast pace, soon afterward."
James and Cathleen shared a scan and a breakfast.  James shared some omelet and she had him finish the second pancake.
"So how's the mental illness going?  Do you still have symptoms?" she asked.
"I still do, but they are very small symptoms.  The scanning helps out a lot.  Where I would have had paranoia, I now have the ability to invade someone's mind and see if the world is really ganging up on one, or is it just paranoia."  James sipped some ice water and said, "That's what I have you for.  You can tell me if I am just seeing pink elephants, or if I am clued in to a better reality."
"I am done with school for the summer," she said.  "I could do graduate school and go to teachers grad school.  I could teach seventh grade history or advanced composition.  I'm flexible."  She paused for a moment.  "I can feel Frog coming, and he and his companions have five guns.  He is bringing four government types here to the West Bank.  Should we run?"
"No, Baby, I think Frog will have it under control.  He can only scan a truth.  If these gunmen have been well behaved so far, then we can hope they stay well behaved.  Nonetheless, I am glad you sensed Frog's scan.  They are parking a black Suburban in the cafe's lot.  They should be here in a few minutes."  James and Cathleen scanned together and looked outward to see if these newcomers to the process were going to mind their telepathic manners.
Only one of them, the one called Harold Walsh, had the scanning sight.  He was still armed with a nine millimeter Beretta handgun which caused both Cathleen and James some precaution.  He was, however, the only one of the men in black who was actively scanning.  The mental image of the Prozella painted a picture for James.
Here was an opposite of the MK Ultra program or even the Delphi project that had so tried to kill James.  Here was something called Operation Laserdisc. 
Only Frog and Walsh walked into the caf.  They sat down opposite Cathleen and James at their table.  
"Greetings, Mr. McGregor.  Whether or not you realize it, you have quite a reputation.  You are 'top-secret famous.'  That means you can check into any safehouse in the Western Hemisphere and you will get a room and breakfast for free."  Walsh smiled.  "In all seriousness, we are not your enemies. Just yet."
"Then who the hell are you?  Frog I know, but who are you, doing the best 'Men in Black' impersonation?" inquired James.  
*      *      *
Chapter Twelve
James took command of the situation and sent the other G-men back to their base.  Harold Walsh was another matter entirely.  He had his Prozella and his Sprodex so his neurochemistry was suitably modified.  There were other qualities, however, that he did not have.
There was the matter of all those animals for so many years eating vegetables that made them hallucinate.  The Prozella was similar to pharmaceutical marijuana substitutes.  Drug addicts would be the first to complain.  It just wasn't like the real thing.
Walsh could see where this whole thing was going.  Clearly Frog and James wanted Walsh to take the plunge and actually consume some LSD.
Frog put forward the idea that it would be best if Walsh did small amounts of the drug commonly called 'acid.'  If Walsh did only a quarter of a dose every hour, or so, then the whole effect would not be as frightening, or as hazardous.
In any case, the handgun had to go.  They went up to James' apartment and put the gun away in the closet of the bedroom.
Cathleen pointed out some facts the men had overlooked.  This club was getting to be more and more white male every day.  It was like having the doctors remove the midwives from the birthing experience.  They came in with their infected hands from dissecting corpses and made the newborns sick.  Here the reality was not much different.  This "fellowship" was all white and all male.  Cathleen's mind said it all.  If there was a Native American woman here, or an African American, or a Latino, or some other non-Mayflower madam then the ideas and remedies would differ from what was going forward with a Beretta 92F in the closet.
A native woman would be the first one to point out that the Inca vote would have been a very pro-coca vote.  A Native American would never be bound in stifling marital bonds, especially to men they did not care for.  Nobody was perfect.  There were always problems, but without an Ivy League experience, this all would pass.  No Indian would trade a pile of money for their land claims.  No matter how much free whiskey there was at the treaty signing, there would be no going back on their land claims.  These women were bonded to the land, and to their man in a relationship as old as a flint arrowhead, as sharp as a bowie knife.
Her preaching to them came in the form of an old collection of posters from a bygone era.  One of them in Cathleen's mind was one that said, "What if the schools got everything they needed, and the Air Force had to hold a bake-sale to buy a new bomber?"
The men fluttered next to her exposed mind but she was resolute.  These were age-old ideas that transcended the argument that the men thought was so very modern.  Cathleen reminded them of Dr. Devereaux talking to James about fish-consuming microbes and hanging onto life when the earth was one big ice ball, devoid of life, and clinging onto a place in the evolution line by the fragile hold on a few volcanic vents under thousands of fathoms of seawater.  You just don't get that full effect if you chew on a tablet of homogenized LSD.
The only complaint that James had with that argument was that she had only experienced the drug three days ago.  Her argument, though, was quite sound, and if they needed to confirm it with a woman of the cloth, so to say, there always was DJ.
The only problem with that was that DJ was dead set against holding court with a G-man.  They had to walk past DJ's house to get to the Acura, as it was parked at Cathleen's house.  They gave a quick scan of DJ's place on their way east from James' tower.  She was not at home.  The Cadillac was not behind the house in its usual roost.  The Acura, however, was within eyesight as they rounded the corner and the car was visible at the other side of the park.
They made for a very unusual quartet.  Three men, ranging from black suit to holes in knees blue jeans, to one woman with bright tie-dye.
"So, Mr. Walsh, how long have you been doing government service?" inquired James.
"About sixteen years.  I can see you are curious about my training.  I was a staff sergeant in ANGLICO with the Marines.  That's the Air Naval Gun Liaison Company.  We would guide planes and naval guns to their targets.  I have been trained in SCUBA and paratroopers schools.  I know how to place an atomic sea mine and how to use a snipers rifle.  FBI taught me how to go after white-collar criminals.  There the use of accounting is paramount.  How to un-launder money."
Walsh continued.  "Getting Pablo Escobar was our older triumph.  Pablo was a mean guy sometimes.  He would plant bombs in cars or people's offices.  He had his critics shot and killed."
"Now that your cartel is bringing in product, but is also helping us, we are at a curious juncture."  Walsh eyed the maroon car and asked, "This is yours?  I think I have seen this in a recent report.  Have you been to Rochester lately?"
"That's us.  What report did whoever write up on me?  James asked.
"Only a vague note that somebody saw this car in a scan, as your people call it.  We call it 'tuning.'  One of our people tuned in on your scan in Rochester.  You scared one of our top men.  The kind of guys that always anonymously credit their presence as just the phrase 'top men.'  Don't be surprised by my candor.  I work for these guys, and the informality I share with you now is a momentary relief.  It's nice to get paid to relax, so I will do just that."
Walsh continued, "Where are we going in the Acura?  I am a little out of sorts without the whole handgun thing as a professional security blanket, but I can learn to live without it.  The only times I get to 'go without' is in places where there are so many guards with guns that my puny pistol would be the last thing on anyone's threat analysis list.
"Check your guns in at the door, boys.  C'mon in and have a donut.  Real 'Cops and Robbers' mentality.  Walsh smiled silently.
"Well, there won't be much of that where we are going," said James.  "We are going to my uncle's farm.  He doesn't live there anymore but I still have keys.  The property is in a trust fund for me and my sister to use until we are very old."
Frog said to Walsh, while handing him a tiny piece of blotter paper, to 'eat this,' and soon his mindset would be equivalent to an animal eating a mushroom in a very Jurassic age.
Twenty minutes later they were on the highway to Wisconsin and the farmhouse of James' uncle.  Across the St. Croix River, near Hudson, they drove on to Afton, and into the plains above the river bluffs.  The farmhouse was three gravel roads away from blacktop, and two roads like that from the highway.
The Acura rolled into the driveway and stopped before the house.  James parked it in front but used the door into the garage as an entryway.  The carload of three passengers poured out from the car.  Forty minutes had gone by from the time they left Minneapolis.
James unlocked the garage door and said to the trio, "Come in.  We have been waiting for this day for three hundred million years."
They went inside and noted a light coat of dust across the living room table, and James turned on a radio.  The sound of KQRS rang out, as the song called "Riding the Storm Out by REO Speedwagon filled the room.  The old stereo was still operational.
"We have a cell phone tower only a mile away, so your phones should work," said James.
Frog scanned into Harold's mind the phrase, "Time to wake up and take your sleeping pill."  Frog handed Harold another piece of blotter paper.
"I can feel the effect."
As Walsh scanned Frog, he looked back and saw in Frog's mind there was this thing called "Landig."  Frog's question was, "Have you ever heard of 'Landig'?"
Walsh scanned back the answer, "No, I have never heard of Landig.  If you want my personal opinion, Mr.Suns, then I think a lot of your science fiction is trivia piled upon circumstantial evidence.  You rely too much on your synchronicities."
"Or then you don't give credit where it is due.  My friends have been telling me that some weird things have been happening in East Germany after the Soviet collapse.  Documents have been turning up on what the Nazis kept for themselves.  They gave jets and radar to Russia and the Allies, but they kept a few projects under wraps, so to say.  There is evidence of lasers in use and television cameras the size of a large shoebox.  Lasers can be used for refining radioactive isotopes.  The Nazi war effort may have been very advanced.  This whole thing about Landig is a sideshow.  He wrote about Nazi flying saucers.  These Nazi wish list books are telling us that many German citizens longed for the glory days when Germany reigned supreme on the European continent.  The flying saucer ideas are largely just a footnote to the near knowledge, and that data is in truth the opinion of that conqueror and vanquished global player of yesteryear.
The stereo, still on KQRS, played the song "Godzilla" by Blue Oyster Cult.  It had powerful guitar parts.  A Japanese vocal track played behind the loud rock and roll.  A plaintive voice rose in fear of the great monster Godzilla as that creature tore up Tokyo.
"So, Harold, how do you feel?" asked James.
"Really great.  I feel I could take on a pack of saber-toothed tigers.  Perhaps that's the quality of the drug.  It makes you feel invincible.  This is great stuff.  I like it.  It is so much more subtle and powerful than the Prozella.  I feel like I have had all my rough spots removed.  It feels like the feeling I get after getting my teeth cleaned by a dentist.  I feel more clear, more colorful.  Is that real or just a hallucination?"
'It's a little of both.  LSD does not get ya high.  You have a twelve-step chemical process that dumps a lot of naturally occurring chemicals into your brains already active chemistry.  It cleans and burns.  It is like taking a tour through a burning brain.  Some parts come out ultra-crispy, and others are just roasted to delectable perfection.  That said, there is a remote, but meaningful pattern of habitual abuse possible with this drug.  The real payoff is when the Sprodex is mixed into it all.  The clarity of your insight is truly remarkable."  They commenced into a four-way scan.  Walsh had no choice but to reveal the nature of his masters.  He was an open book to the others.  Dr. Sanchez and the remaining members of the Fellowship committee were there for the trio of Frog, James, and Cathleen to see as plainly as a poker player might show his hand of cards to another competitor.
There was war in Afghanistan and Iraq.  All was as well as it could be.
Walsh was in a delicate circumstance and the others could feel it, see it in him.  His superiors, or masters, or bosses, would not be pleased that he had moved on from the Prozella and taken the real but renegade LSD.
The real dilemma was that the core group of masters were all unschooled in the art of happiness, and in particular, the finer points of neurochemical amusements when their idea of a good time was brandy and a cigar.  There was no holding back these new kids.  These new kids agreed with Walsh.  There would be a new world view if only fun could be legalized.  These masters of the universe had no idea of how the kids of this new era could have so much fun playing with powerful enough hallucinogens to create madness in the unkempt mind.  
*      *      *
The four-way scan followed this train of thought.  The Fellowship is Landig, and Landig is the Fellowship.  It means there is this great machine flying on automatic pilot by ten joyless, mean old white men, bent on global domination by the very James Bond villains they once stalked.  These old men are really a bunch of old Nazis holding close to the memory of wars and an era when their stranglehold on the world actually had some meaning.
The fact that they had a history of such behaviors meant that there was a time when they were truly relevant.  New wars were for younger people.  This cold war competition to steal souls from each other only meant a dystopia to its survivors.  Here was the reason why people could die in such a meaningless way.  Here was an elegant brute force trauma of great accuracy.  They could rule.  They could even repair, but for the most part they merely clung to their power like the old gray men that they were.  They had begun their power through fighting Nazis.  After a while at fighting dragons, one becomes a dragon.  They had adopted all the manners of the people they had conquered.
The good warriors of truth and justice had become deception and tyranny.  They had absorbed the tyrant until the tyrant outweighed the victorious liberator.  All there was left was the tyrant, wearing the thin garb of what once was the victor.  A coat of victory paint.  Such was their legacy.  
*      *      *
The scan followed an hour and a half since they arrived at the farm.  James took the other three to the creek and the old fishing hole where his boyhood was spent pulling up carp.
"Ugly fish, these carp," thought James.
"So, how do we get into the fortress of Dr. Manchu?" asked James?
The only person near the creek who could answer that question was clearly Walsh, and he was quiet.  They could scan for scan, but James wanted the words chosen by Walsh and not all the meaningless feelings and snippets of ideas.
"I see in your mind the trick by the Grateful Dead on Bill Graham.  They snuck in some LSD into a can of pop he was likely to drink from.  They used a hypodermic needle to put LSD into a can of Pepsi," said Walsh.  "I can also see that you want to dose this Fellowship and put them into the connection with the Sprodex.
 James  said, "It's really the only way to turn them loose from their own fear of a free world.  Don't expect awe-inspiring changes.  At first they will only get the ability to eavesdrop.  That on its own does not change things.  We can change their opinions when we scan together.  At worst we can open their minds before they die of old age.  They are truly the old guard of the cold war.  They do not grasp this new thing with the Arabs, and other Muslims.  They would rather strangle than repair."  
*      *      *
Frog woke up the next day in his artist-studio space.  The now defunct office building was a poor man's flophouse.  Frog found it was one of the only places he could play his music loud enough.
He had other places where he could shower or eat, but here was his music.  He rose and played Nirvana and some Pearl Jam.  His double-deck cassette player could record and play for four hours.  He was just thinking about getting a CD player.  One of these days the cassette is going to go the way of the 8-track tape player, or so he thought.
The buses and trucks and cars went by his window, onto Lake Street.
The carpeting was green.  The day was sunny.  The morning was crisp.
Frog put on his cleanest dirty shirt and grabbed his keys.  He silenced the stereo and looked in his vest pocket for a cigarette.  He found a Marlboro.
He waited until he was on the sidewalk before he lit his tobacco.  Once there he looked up at the red brick buildings and the Chi-Lake liquor store.  He took a long drag from his cigarette.  He studied the brick on the Roberts Shoe Building from which he had just come.  The color of it was a dark, brownish boxcar red with a bit of the maroon from James' Acura sedan mixed into it for good measure.
The morning air was refreshing.  He bit into it like it was a drunk's first day of booze after a long night of partying.  It was a bracer.  It was a morning.  He had the hangover from yesterday's LSD and the monthly dose of Sprodex.
Frog waddled down the half-block to Uncle Hugo's Bookstore.  Inside was Scotty Ames.  Frog wanted to bare his soul.  He wanted to be able to brag about being a pioneer, an explorer, a discoverer.  He was a new man, and though the mission was not won yet, the big push was done.
Frog pushed on the door at the Uncle's store and there he spied Scott.
"Frog!" said Scott.  "You are up early.  It's only 10:30.  What gets you up on this fine day?  I've already had my bacon and eggs.  You look hung over enough; you could use something more substantial."  Scott remained open to Frog speaking.  Then it came and Scott took it all in.
"I just did enough drugs to tranquilize a horse.  I am working on getting better at writing science fiction," said Frog.
"I liked your last piece.  It was a bit on the splatter punk side of things.  What did you think about Landig?" inquired Scott.
"I found him on the Internet.  He and a bunch of neo-Nazis were trying to circulate rumors of secret moon bases and Mars bases of the once and future Nazi party.  I heard it mainly in the context of other researchers complaining about the fake reports by the neo-Nazis.  This seemed to obstruct real introspection."  James looked at the used book wall.  It was stacked floor to ceiling.  Enough old science fiction to stop a horse, let alone anesthetize it.  Books everywhere, but rarely a new concept.  New words.  Old ideas.
Many were truly novels.  Many went where no one had gone before.  There were so many copies of those original thoughts.  Sorting through that wall of ideas for the deposits of gold was like crushing gold bullion from a strata of white quartz.  Sure, there were some good examples of prime thought and concept, but who had time to read it all?  Only Scott was the true test.  If it was a Hugo or Nebula award, then Scott will have read it.  When it passes the awards then Scott reads, and if Scott likes, then you have a guide for the wall of used science fiction.
Frog chatted with Scott and left without making a purchase.
Frog was enthused by this whole thing.  The trip had gone well with Harold Walsh.
He could, no doubt, share with his people and teach about the better way offered by the real trip rather than the Prozella.  Frog wanted to just clear his own mind.  He walked in the direction of the West Bank, from Chicago and Lake.  Vaguely north, through a neighborhood that had once been an American Indian ghetto.  It could be rough.  This time it was morning, so it was better.
Frog lived with Gandalf at the tower.  James had an apartment.  Frog had a studio space at Lake Street and Chicago Avenue.  Frog imposed, but rewarded Gandalf.  For Frog, it came down to the need for a shower and a place to cook a meal.
It was not a perfect situation.  Frog sold drugs.  Gandalf liked to consume drugs.  Frog paid Gandalf in illegal product.  They both liked the arrangement.  Frog needed a place to "shred."  The aggressive style of his guitar playing was called "shredding." He could do that at his studio.
Frog walked through the apartment houses; the duplexes built for three bedrooms in each apartment.
The sun danced in green leaves, bright, translucent, colorful, illuminated from behind as Frog walked on the north side of the street, headed east.  The breeze was cool.  Frog was clad in his trademark holed jeans, t-shirt, and leather vest.  He sat down at a bus shelter and lit a cigarette, out of the wind.
When he finally reached Cedar Avenue he made the choice between the West Bank or Seward neighborhood and the Birchwood Cafe.  This new player in the field of Bohemian Whole Foods sales locations had great food, even wine.  Frog amused himself with the thought that he could have wine for breakfast.
After seven more blocks, Frog got to the Birchwood.  He had cut through the railyard behind the shopping center.  He had his heart set on a bowl of cherry cobbler and some coffee.  He lit another cigarette, as the Birchwood was a very smoke-free environment.  Even the outdoor tables were non-smoking.
He recognized a friend in Jane Deckard who was leaving the caf on her bicycle.  "Hey Froggy!  How you doing?"
She slowed to a stop and directed her mountain bike to the sidewalk in front of Frog.  Her smile beamed.  She was a confirmed lesbian, but affectionate to all.
Frog smiled back and said, "Find yourself a girlfriend last night?"  Frog half smirked. 
 "You know I'm going steady with Mary Alice.  What's up with you?"
"I helped a friend do his first acid trip yesterday.  His name is Harold and he wears a suit.  Very unusual.  You could call him an ex-cop."
"Sounds dangerous," she responded with a quizzical expression on her face.  "I can only hope you know what you're doing."
"I certainly don't.  It was kind of a one-time affair.  He knew about me when I was still dealing drugs and he didn't arrest me then.  I feel I owe him a favor," Frog said.
"Well good luck, I have to be going.  The breakfast menu is great.  Go knock yourself out, kid."  The big blonde lesbian cocked her head to one side and brushed the hair out of her eyes.  She remounted her bike and rolled slowly out into the street.  "Bye, Froggy."
"See ya, Jane."
Inside the cafe was a line-up space for customers to wait until it was their turn to order food.  Frog noted there was no one in line ahead of him.  The employee greeted him and said, "Good morning, Mr. Frog."
"How did you know my name, kid?"
"You're famous.  You shred well.  Are ya going to play publically soon?  Is your band, Blue Velveeta, going to do any gigs?  I hear they're great.  Very organic."
"But yes, of course.  We are the macrobiotic, locally grown broccoli of rock music."  He smiled at his own joke and she smiled back.  She was a cute Caucasian with red moppy hair and freckles.  Smallish body, but nice looking, thought Frog.  He selected the strawberry rhubarb cobbler and a stout cup of coffee with raw sugar.  Cream was there too, and he seasoned his cup of Java with enough cream and sugar so that the fluid was practically a caramel. 
He took his cobbler and coffee outside into the sun.  He parked at a table on the edge of the customer dining area.  He walked away from his food on the table and lit another smoke just 20 feet away from the tables.  He would be the first to acknowledge that he was a tobacco addict.
After the cigarette, he moved back to the table and began to eat his cobbler and sip at his coffee.  The white stucco and flat roof gave the cafe a nice urban feel.  The weather of early summer felt great; sun and gentle breeze moving the tree leaves.  He devoured the cobbler.  He drank more coffee.  He finished both.  He took his dish and cup inside.  He refilled on coffee and moved his dish to the bus cart.
Upon getting more coffee he walked outside and went through the same routine as he had before, but without the cobbler.  Tobacco and good food and drink on a fine day.  Who could ask for more, he thought?  After finishing his caramelized coffee he went outside, and into the alley behind the caf.  He loaded a small amount of marijuana into a small pipe.  He lit it and inhaled.  It was gone in an instant.  He felt the rush of the drug into his mind.  He held his breath for almost three minutes before exhaling.  This method caused the smoke to be absorbed almost totally by the user's lungs.  When finally he exhaled, his breath was almost perfectly clear of any smoke at all.  He lit up more tobacco and walked on to the West Bank to meet up with Gandalf and James.  
*      *      *
Walsh gave his report to Davidson, and he read it.  In turn, Davidson consulted with his superiors and the report was passed on to Sanchez.  He looked at the report,  the little bottle of Prozella tablets, and the Sprodex.
The compound was called the "missile silo" by the locals in Canon Falls, just north of Rochester.  The "silo" was a mansion parked on a hill.  There was a fence around it.  Motion detectors spotted deer and rabbits in their usual treks past the building.  The gate was imposing and so were the men in black suits that wore the same uniform, summer or winter.
Inside, Dr. Sanchez sat at a computer terminal and typed in the message to Haldol.  "What do you think of this McGregor fellow?"
"He seems to be a gifted amateur, sir.  Luck alone got him to where he is now.  His drug use and other depravities brought him to drug-enhanced mental illness.  Most assuredly, he still uses street drugs, as agent Walsh noted.  They claim that Prozella may not be ideal, but the use of LSD is a passport to madness for the human beings that want to experiment with such concepts."  Haldol continued, "The controlled application of Sprodex and Prozella are things my silicon mind cannot comprehend.  My recommendation would be for your team to experiment with the Prozella and Sprodex soon and then with the real hallucinogen later on.  You would have the benefit of getting to this new place of the mind without risking your sanity."
"I quite agree, Haldol.  Your insight into this dilemma is welcome.  I am sorry, though, that you cannot come with just yet.  You are electrons flowing down Gallium Arsenide paths.  Having you here with us is a tremendous asset."
"Thank you, Dr. Sanchez.  It is a privilege to serve the Fellowship and the global community."
"Well," Sanchez said to Haldol, "the Fellowship's council has read it and they are enthusiastic about it all.  My associate, Dr. Augustine, has volunteered to be the first command-level guinea pig and test out the Prozella and Sprodex mix.  I just hope it works without ruining the fine medical mind that is our friend Michael Augustine."  
*      *      *
Augustine sat at the computer terminal and typed, "It feels like I can read the minds of all of this facility's personnel.  I can see everything.  I can see some domestic violence.  I can see a former thief that got straight by beating alcoholism and used the AA meeting as a venue to sobriety.  The rest of them all are rather boring, but they all are excellent bodyguards.  Good agents one and all."
Augustine lectured Haldol through the keyboard.  He told Haldol all the things he could see.  All the minds he could read.  He was the perfect spy.  None of the minds under his surveillance could see him or had any clue as to what his thoughts about them might be.  The stuff definitely worked.  
*      *      *
The phone rang.  James awoke.  It was 10:00 A.M., and James was moving, but slowly and a bit tired.
"Hello?  James said in question to who might be calling him this early in the day.
"I don't believe we have met, but I can assure you I mean you no harm.  Have you ever heard of the Fellowship?  We are a council of about twenty men of medicine who have a degree of influence in politics on a global scale.  We exist, and you need not fear to speak of these matters over the phone.  It is our Fellowship that taps nearly every phone in our great nation.
"You cannot expect us to bug our own phone calls, can you?  Sanchez said as he held his cell phone to his ear.  "The war is over, Mr. McGregor.  You won and so did we.  There was a quantum shift and both sides of the war got gain and peace.  What's important is that nobody lost the game."
James was indignant.  "What about Phillip Brach?  Your people took his brain after you ran him over with a truck.  What can you give him that will serve as a tangible benefit?"
Sanchez was unwavering in expressing his joy at winning the new spy drug Sprodex.  "His service to his country and his race will not go unnoticed.  His life was forfeited so others could be allowed to live."
"Yeah, but you are devils picking and choosing who dies and who lives.  That's really not very democratic, now is it?"
"Democracy?" said Sanchez.  "Democracy is a plaything for demagogues, megalomaniacs, and misanthropes.  Democracy flavors the stew, but not in a way that takes any flavor out of the meat, and social leadership is not vegetarian.  We thrive on cannibalism and the League of Nations will not run without the grease of fresh blood now and then.  You are asking a surgeon if he fears bloodshed."  Sanchez summed up, "I just thought you might like to know that we won the war.
"I cannot say we won't cross swords, but if you look hard enough, you will find that one of the reasons we are going to spare your life is that you are one of those odd people who fill our every scrap of criteria.  Whether you realize it or not, you are one of our most perfect representatives."
"You are a most perfect shyster.  You have killed to get where you are," said James.
"Every president we have ever had has had the blood of thousands, or millions, on his hands.  Your friends use cocaine and they tell you about being perfect vegetarians while Mexico wars and dies due to narco-terrorism.  You have no cause to complain.  If and when you want to meet us, just look for the compound in Canon Falls that the locals call the 'missile silo.'  If you ever want to get the full story then you come to us.  Today I do you a courtesy and it is I who is talking to you.  When you are ready then give us a call.  Good day and goodbye."
The phone went to a dial tone.  James hung it up.  He poured himself a cup of coffee, lit a cigarette, and walked out to the balcony and sat in one of the lawn chairs.  He shook his head and looked down at the Riv and the Hard Times Cafe and knew in his heart that nobody would believe him if he tried to tell them in the first place.
That is, if he told them without giving them an LSD-Sprodex cocktail.  He looked through the window at the large bottle of Sprodex tablets on the coffee table in front of the sofa.
He chuckled at the theory Sanchez had tried to put forward.  He looked at the Sprodex bottle and smiled.  
*      *      *
Frog printed out his stories for friend Scott.  They both came to about seven pages each.  The first one was called "The Overseer" and the other was called "All Jacked up in 2070."
Frog handed the two stories to Scott and then began browsing the merchandise in one of the nation's few remaining science fiction bookstores.
It only took 15 minutes for Scott to read both stories.  Frog had about 20 short stories and a short novel.  These two were the two most "mental patient" or "drug addict" of all his works.
The first was a playful twist on a space alien being deemed a mental patient.
The second was a portrait at a drug bust in the year 2070.
Both stories had been inspired by Frog's brushes with law and order, incorporated.  It was a shock to Frog that he had actually had this experience with Agent Walsh.  Here were the same "men in black" or "top men" who secretly ruled the world, and now they were getting access to the world's greatest secrets.  These building blocks of global statesmanship and spycraft could be so saintly, or a complete pack of demons from a vision of the four horsemen of the apocalypse.
Frog had to admit that he didn't have it all figured out just yet.  The best way to get a grasp on it was to just keep on working on the things that mattered to him.  His story "The Overseer" was totally Frog.  It had a man with a mission being mistaken for a suicidal person.  There was irony and nostalgia.  He felt a poignant sort of hunger pang for the simplicity of how his life was before the Sprodex was brought him to Agent Walsh.
Scott was such a breath of fresh air for the moment.  Scott worked a shift at the bookstore and did a good job with Don and Ken.
Frog thought about the idea of turning on Scott to the Sprodex.  "Have you ever done acid, Scott?"
"There was that time at college, but not since then.  I really didn't know what I was getting myself into at the time.  I can say in all faith that I really don't like the stuff."
A man came up to Scott to buy a book.  Scott took his role back as the worker in the bookshop.  He was alert and conversational with the elderly, slow-moving older gentlemen.
Frog took his two stories and put them into a folder and then put the folder into his backpack.  He thought of the Sprodex and how it would be a perfect match for Scott and his North Dakota mathematics degree.  Scott was a great man of the paperback just as a priest was a man of the cloth.  If the story made sense to Scott, then it was for real and good.
Frog said, "See ya later, Scott."  Frog swore an oath in his mind that he needed to turn Scott onto a mix of Prozella and Sprodex.  That was a great idea.  Maybe there was more to it than what he was seeing.  
Frog set out and rode his bike downtown to the courtyard of the IDS center.  He stood out at the bike rack and locked up his mountain bike.  He smoked a cigarette and went into the skyway.
It was a bit ironic to be in the air-conditioning of the skyway in summer.  The day was best enjoyed out of doors, but here was Frog indoors and breathing processed air.
Frog walked all over the downtown area.  He noted the government center, a Dairy Queen, a bank or two, an army of escalators, and a few bars.
Frog walked back to his bike and got back into the riding spirit.
It was a great day for a ride.  He went home on 3rd Avenue from downtown and to Lake Street, where he went to lock his bike up at the International Market Square.
He walked into Uncle Hugo's one more time and saw Ken at the cash register.  That was odd.  Scott had begun the shift and now Ken was here.
"Ken!  Where's Scott?  He was here in the morning."
"You're Mr. Suns, then?"
"Yeah that's me.  Call me Frog.  All my friends do.  My name is Kermit.  Kermit Suns."
"Well Mr. Suns, I have some bad news for you.  Scott is dead.  He had a heart attack here about two hours ago.  I have been here ever since," Ken said.
"This is for real?  I just spoke with him this morning.  Oh, my god.  He read two of my stories just this morning.  He actually liked them.  Nobody ever gave me advice like Scott did.  This is a tragedy.  This sucks.  He was so healthy on the outside.  I am stunned.  I'm so sorry.  I am just so sorry.  I was going to get him my new book."
Ken said, "You're the one with the print-on-demand book he was talking about."
"Yeah, that's me."  Frog was struck down by misery just as Scott had been struck down by heart disease.  "I gotta run.  Tell me about any funerals.  I will check in with you tomorrow.  I'm so sorry to hear about this.  I gotta go.  Good god, Ken, I gotta go tell my friends.  Thanks for the news, and I'm sorry it's bad news.  Goodbye."
Frog went to get his bike from the bike rack and rode over to the McGregor and Gandalf Tower.  He dispensed news to James and Rick.  Both were stunned.  Scott was too young to go like this.  "I showed him my stories.  He was the last person to see them.  I am willing to bet that my stories are the last thing that Scott read."
"That's creepy," Gandalf said.
"Oh, get real.  I just note the fact that I won't be able to get his commentary anymore."  They scanned for a moment and both Gandalf and James saw Ken telling Frog of the community's loss.  There was that aching knowledge that a good mind was gone.  That meant a lot to these men.  What benefit was the ability to scan if they couldn't do it with good people?  The loss was ironic and total.
James put a pot of coffee through the maker and lit up a cigarette.  "Sometimes you can't do anything.  Good people and bad things, don'cha know.  We will go to a funeral and get stoned.  Maybe you can read one of your super-short stories.  That would be cool.  I am sorry for your loss." 
*      *      *
Chapter Thirteen
Frog read one of his super-short stories at the funeral.  He sent two others to magazines, but got no offers for publication.  He subsequently self-published his science fiction story.  He thought of putting his adventures with the Sprodex into a story but could find none of the genres or types of stories to fit the work and gave up on the idea.
Scott would always be remembered.  His friends and even "fans" would always note that nobody knew the book pile the way Scott did.
After a while, Frog turned his interests more on visual art and drifted into writing commercials for an advertising firm.  Frog eventually weaned himself off of social security.  The Sprodex and the drugs became part of his childhood.  He used the Sprodex for the rest of his life, but it was different from the day Scott left.  Frog would never second-guess the gift of life again.

James knew the call was coming. It seemed to be inevitable. He was at home when the phone rang.
Hello? said James, as he raised the receiver to his ear.
James! Glad I caught you. Have you heard about the Prozella ? I hear you were able to give an agent the old electric Kool-Aid acid test. Thats a good thing. This new thing in the Prozella is also a good thing. I think you should welcome your group into a new era,  said Dr. Devereaux.
 Yeah, I can see some good points, but I dont like all this government involvement. I dont trust these people, said James.
Doctor Devereaux said, Trust is not what this is about. Our country is at war in Asia, and we are stopping a war in Mexico to give ourselves a breath of fresh air. This Prozella will give us the window into the mind that the feds have been looking for these long lost years, and we can profit from their investment. The Prozella is working out better than the LSD or the serotonin analog I gave you in San Francisco.
I dont know about that, Doc. I am prone to trust the good old Timothy Leary juice, and live with it at that, said James.
Dr. Devereaux  said  But you are becoming addicted to that old LSD drug. You are chemically dependent to that drug, and it is wearing out your brain. The way an analog works is that you can step in at any level of the process and introduce a chemical that imitates the step you are trying to trigger, and the chain reaction starts again at that point of substitute insertion. This can be done to not induce the damage done by the harsher chemical, which is your LSD, which can be the madness or burnout.
Devereaux went on to say, LSD stops the absorption of melatonin and serotonin. Melatonin is made by the pituitary gland to keep or create a dream state in the mind. That is whats going on when you sleep. Reality is just not the same and thats where you get the LSD hallucination. The end effect is you are getting more and more dependent on the LSD. You should really get into the Prozella and quit the more harmful drugs. You are becoming a user of harsh drugs, James. You arent that far from a glue huffer, or a user of embalming fluid or floor stripper. These are harsh chemicals, James. You are becoming a fan of harsh chemicals, James. You wont last. Unless you quit now, youll end up in an institution. We have stepped forward in this analog. We have avoided the hallucination altogether.
Devereaux said,  James, you are the first one to break the ESP barrier in ten thousand years. You are very important. For recreational use, you have got to kick the drugs, and that means you have to quit using harsh drugs like floor stripper. Have a good old mushroom pizza, for god's sake. Get off the hard stuff. For god's sake.
James replied  So,  does this make you pals with the Fellowship? It is their drug that you are selling, is it not ?
I gave the recipe out freely. The madness had to end somewhere and now was as good as any time. Can I send you a thousand units of Prozella ? Would you like to join the team?
Send them here. If its as good as you say, then theres no sense in telling everybody about it.
 Dont fry that mind, James. Its one of my favorite brain cell collections. No sense burning it all off in one premature lurch forward, said the doctor.
 OK, OK, Doc. send the cookies over and we will get people to transition over from the harsh to the mild. The call of the mild. I just dont know what you have gotten me into, Gene.
            A better life James. There is something more though. It seems your friend Mr. Suns was being tailed by some of these fellowship people. We have found a link between this Scott Ames fellow with the heart condition, and an attempt at reading his mind. This Fellowship spook felt Scotts mind and the mere contact of the minds in question caused Scott to go into cardiac arrest. Congestive heart failure was instantaneous. The agent felt the mind and watched it go in the same instant, said the doctor.
              Thats hideous. What was the response from these spooky people ? queried James. 
               Thats almost as bad. They instantly coined the phrase weaponized ESP and began to treat it as a discovery of a new assassination tool for spies to use all around the world. They looked at it as a new gun to shoot. It wasnt until I pointed out Scotts heart condition that I was able to get the children back into their chairs. Scott was a fluke, and a costly one at that. When this gets out I do believe your friend Kermit will not be at peace with it all for a long time.
              Kermit will not be amused, said James.
                We have tripped the light fantastic, James. Now all we have to do is live long enough to enjoy it all. Keep breathing youngster.
                Well Doc, thats just what I am afraid of. If this is just the beginning then where are we all going ?
               It is not the end, or the beginning of the end, but it could just  be the end of the beginning.
 


                           The End,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,FIN






Book Three  Frog Stories
Overseer
By Frog
	It all depends on how much reality you can afford.  If you have the credits for it, you could buy an entire world or small nation to call your own.  We are in the information business, so all saleable data has a shelf life.  If you have a new item for sale that is rare, and its relevance can be verified, then you can find a good price.  Such things are rare indeed, the overseer said.
	But I just want to go home.  I dont care about Rosenbergs, or Philbys, or any other spy.  I am not a big fan of nations anyway.  After all my travels, I wish the trappings of statesmanship would just fall away like the anarchist philosophers in the twentieth century said they would.  I have delivered information on every political trend on Earth.  When you have said jump I have ascended, and said how high on the way up.  I am getting tired of being a spy.  I want more, the agent said. 
	Agent Eric Frosei wrung his hands and smoked furiously.  I have a right to come home.  I have delivered thirty of this planets years and you have had a rare glimpse into the opinionated and twisted ways that are Earth politics.  You have sent people to firing squads for the facts I have uncovered.
	And your world thanks you for your dutiful service.  There is a need for our government to have you stay here.  Your body has been adjusted to residency here.  Rather than bring you back, we feel it is more prudent to keep a representative of the Kuldesar government here on Earth on the chance that we might create open trade with the more advanced members of the galactic community.  If we took you back in your present form, you would only be an artifact in a zoo exhibit, said the overseer.  The rounder, older, darker, man loomed over the agitated, exhausted, spy.  Overseeing all these agents had its tiring moments, he thought.  It was especially tiring to listen to, as good an agent as Eric was, a plan for the end of his mission.  Those jobs were usually life terms.  Here was Eric saying he wanted to be cut loose.  The mission was here and it was a lifelong quest.  Others had competed for the honor of serving Kuldesar in just this way.  You take a few days and tell me what you feel like doing.  We can make you a wealthy man, but I feel your place is here.  Go figure it out and call me after the weekend.
	Eric bowed and the older man stood, waved a goodbye and walked away from the bench in the park.  Eric stood there smoking as the overseer walked calmly away.
*      *      *
	Eric withdrew another cigarette and lit it with the hot coal of the last one.  He reached into his pocket for his cell phone and punched buttons until it registered the womans phone number.  It was to his friend Susan.  She was no spy.  Her ways were that of simple honest kindness.  She was not one to hide in subterfuge.
	She met him later in the early evening in January of the city of Minneapolis.  Cold air and the blanketing of the ground painted a peaceful landscape scene.  It felt pastoral, or farm-like, as all the works of mankind were temporarily covered and hidden from view by the downy, white snow.
	They met at a small caf near the University of Minnesota.  Eric was manic and energized.  She listened to his speech, fast and labored.  More came out of him until it all came to a head. 
	He confessed his plight.  He was from out of town originally and his ways were quite foreign to this locale.  He had worked the intelligence business.  He was an elderly secret agent who had lost his edge, his desire to thrive in the environment of perpetual deceit.
	Oh, for the simple life of an honest,  humble citizen of the home world where he was born.
	She was transfixed by his unburdening, his tale, and this story, long hidden and jealously guarded.  She was stunned, and thought her friend had lost his marbles, gone insane.  She looked into his eyes and saw a fire in them that she only saw on the faces of drug addicts when they were at their highest and on their drug of choice.
	His zeal was most enchanting.  She had to admit that it all fell together when he explained it so.  Politics of Russia, Syria, and North Korea all seemed to come together in a seamless construct.
	Life under both Bush presidents, life with both Clintons, Reagan, and Carter, of the Iranian embassy experience, all these turning points in American government came together in this free-form diatribe.  Here was a passion with none to compare.
	Eric had written a letter for Susan.  It was shocking, to say the least.  She read the phrase leave this world as soon as possible.  She instantly thought her friend was becoming a danger to himself.  It seemed suicidal to her.  She thought she had best talk to a counselor who specialized in such mindsets.
	After going to several friends, she was recommended to visit a doctor named Malaczek.  He booked her time as soon as he could, and in a day he met with her and discussed Erics fateful decisions.  Eric had frightened her.  She did not know where all this paranoia and fear was coming from.  At her wits end, she shared with Malaczek.
	The doctor, with his best bedside manner, calmly listened.  When the words became forced or uncomfortable. the doctor spoke slowly to the young woman.  He may need to be hospitalized for a while.  Not long.  Just long enough to stabilize him on some medication.  A little more than a month.  Two months if it becomes problematic.  Not long at all.
	She nodded and agreed with him.  It was for the best, and it seemed like a good decision.
*      *      *
Eric spent the next few days working on his truck.  He put in a rebuilt starter and greased the U-joints of both front and rear differentials.  He put in new brake shoes.
	Susan had been close to him.  She thought his pay as a spy had come from a family trust fund from some long dead relative.  It did not change things much.
	He was just finishing up with the brake shoes when two policemen walked up the driveway and said Eric Frozei, we would like to have a word with you.
	Eric slid out from under the truck and slowly stood up. "Whats this about, gents?
	We are here to get you some help.  Your friends are concerned about you.  I am afraid you will have to come with us.
	Eric was ushered to the back seat of a black and white Ford Crown Victoria four-door sedan.  They only drove 10 blocks until they reached the Hennepin County Medical Center.  They drove up to the Emergency Room alcove.  After escorting Eric up two floors in an elevator, they uncuffed him and checked him into the ward.
	To say the least, Eric was surprised.  Was this the work of an enemy of the Kuldesar people?  Was his own team going after him?  He had asked to be removed from duty.  Was this their idea of keeping him out of the spy business?
*      *      *
	The next morning he was met with a doctor and a nurse.  They asked the usual questions and got the usual answers.  After an hour or so the doctor, a fellow with the name of Brugemeyer, with thinning hair and creamy white skin said, Your friend Susan thinks you are suicidal.  I read the note you gave her and it is quite disturbing. You sound very ill.
	Eric responded, I am sorry you feel that way.  I merely wanted to point out that I desire to make some life changes.  Those do not include harming myself or anyone else, Eric said.  It's not the quantity of my days that worry me as much as I worry about the quality of my days.  I feel I could make some improvements in that respect.
	In any case, Mr. Frozei, I think you should stay here for a week or two, until we can get this sorted out.
	Eric was well aware he was under the microscope.  Susan called him on the wards patient phone and she said she did not want to hurt his feelings.
*      *      *
	After a week of medication and relaxation, Eric met with Brugemeyer.  The doctor said, You would only be an artifact, a zoo exhibit, if you did not dutifully take your medicine.
	Erics mind picked up on Brugemeyer's use of the phrase an artifact, a zoo exhibit as it was just what the overseer had said.  In the parlance of spycraft it was like saying, a defector in place.  That term meant a spy that supplied information without ever leaving the institution he was spying on.  To Eric, it said even the doctor knew he was a spy; even now, his desire to leave would be thwarted. 
	Brugemeyer said, You should make your life changes a positive thing, and not just frighten your friends like this.
	Eric thought again about the phrase an artifact, a zoo exhibit.
	Brugemeyer said, Yes, you would be a zoo exhibit if you take a path of self destruction.  I implore you to value the life you have here where you have a home, and apparently this woman, who seems to care for you greatly.  Brugemeyer paused a moment and said, You have a good life here.  If you could learn how to value it more, I think you could live well.  Brugemeyer whispered something in the nurses ear and said to Eric, When I was younger, we had an unpopular war and we all took sides.  I was on the side of the war and all my friends were against it.  Just going to a party made one as paranoid as a secret agent whose cover had just been blown.
Eric was reeled into Brugemeyers monologue.  The doctor said, We all carry that feeling with us to the grave.  There are times when we feel we are on our own.  Lonely, or just on our own.  Your friend is willing to be with you throughout this whole experience.  It is a common pattern to feel you are a secret agent, but I have never heard of an agent of extraterrestrial origin.  That is a new wrinkle on the means of paranoia.  I gather that from the letter you wrote to Susan.  I feel you could benefit from the medication.  Would you be willing to try some medicine to see if we can get you back on track?
Yes, of course, I would be willing to try some medicine, Eric said.
This could be a new start for you.  You have to remember that dealing with a mental illness only grows when your interest in it grows.  Eventually, you hopefully come to know your illness and its qualities.  In your case, it is the feeling that you are an extraterrestrial secret agent.  Whatever in your past life that led you to that belief must stop!  You have a new life to live, with friends and company, here in this world.
	Brugemeyer summed up, Do you want to be an artifact zoo exhibit or do you want to live out your days as humble Eric Frozei, rather than agent STP-21?
	Eric responded, I feel I can make this world worthwhile.  It may take some effort, but it has its qualities.
*      *      *
	Eric was discharged the next day, and he went home with a bottle of pills and an appointment.  He met with Susan, and they were both not cross about what had happened.
	Later on in the day, after Susan had gone home from Erics apartment, after returning him to the custody of his cat Grendel, Eric called the number of his Overseer.  When the man answered and said to Eric, I met with your friend yesterday and the proposition of moving doesnt have the same charm it once had.
	The Overseer said, There are a lot of people who think the whole war was wrong.  You were designed to fight that war as an observer of sorts.  That war was unpopular, and so would you be if you went back to our home world.  You dont want to be that kind of symbol.  Better to work things out here.  You are, however, discharged from the service with your pay rate intact.  You have served Kuldesar well and we feel you need the rest of your life to sort this business out.  The overseer paused for a moment and said, The rest of your life is yours.  Live it well.
All Jacked Up in 2070
By Frog
	Hauser and OBrian, get over here, said the gruff police station commander, Captain Richter.  His crew-cut hair was white as new fallen snow, and shorter than a buck private on the second day of boot camp.  We got a man down.  He was linked.  Took three gunshot wounds, but they think hell pull through.  Youre the only two detectives Ive got with any experience on links.
	Hauser, the seasoned vet cop, answered first.  We may have worked a few link robberies, but its never been a murder.  Most hoods are afraid of being viewed by some tech in a morgue.  We've only seen a half-dozen or so muggings, never a homicide.
	Attempted homicide, the Captain said.  This one ain't stiff just yet.  Go check him out at Mount Sinai Hospital.  His names Granger and his link is still active, so watch what ya say.
____________________________________
	That ol' boy is jacked, said the skinny female drug addict.  Her hair was jet black, as were her eyes.  She pranced about the room.  "Sure hes got a link, but its fried now.  I jacked him up with a thousand volts, and almost a hundred amps.  His circuit is fried, and his memory is gone.  When I shot him I had on my wig and fake nose, so he wont get us.  Even had sunglasses for the pattern recognition software on the monitor cameras.  Those computers ain't got shit, and Grangers got his three shots of payback.  Sunnys drug dealer friend, Tom, poured out a line of the drug Heaven Seven.  She moved it about the mirror with a single edged razor and put the line up her nose with a straw.  She inhaled it deeply, and pinched her nostrils shut while exhaling.  Tom, a tall, blue-eyed man, patted the briefcase with the fifteen kilos of Heaven Seven.  Then he leaned back into his suspension chair, smiling in satisfaction.
____________________________________
	Hauser, the Kraut, and OBrian, the Irishman, served on Homicide for the Minneapolis Police Department.  A lot of bodies had been piling up with the Winnipeg connection, and it didnt look like the flow of them was going to slow up anytime soon.  Canada had a free medical system and relaxed attitudes toward maintaining drug addicts, as they were: not going off on some fool crusade to cure them, but giving them just enough of the sauce that they wouldnt be burglarizing the neighborhood to get their next fix.
	This led to some problems with the United States, which was still in its vindictive kill em all, let God sort 'em out, stance on illegal drugs.  Hence, Canada was the haven for the traffickers on vacation, but the USA was the marketplace where one ounce of Heaven Seven was worth three ounces of gold.  If you could get back to Canada to spend your cash, you could afford a fine living.  If you didnt get caught in the U.S., that is.  That was the dilemma.  
____________________________________
When Granger saw them enter the room, he was groggy from the pain medications and thought these nice men had brought him his briefcase of Heaven Seven.  As he looked more closely, he began to realize they werent just hotheads with his stash but were police, and they intended to read his chip.  They had the looks of fiftyish overweight police detectives, one dark, going gray, and one redhead.  Both wore suits and ties.
	Hugo Granger?" said the dark one.  I am Detective Hauser and this is Detective OBrian.  We are here with a warrant to read your chip.  Lets get started and jack-in, if you dont mind.  The warrant is sound.  It is signed by Judge Litinsky, Hennepin County.
	Okay, okay, said Granger, his lanky six-foot frame still laced with stitches and bandages.  I may have some surprises for you, though.
	What could surprise us? inquired OBrian.
	For one, Im a cop.
	Youre shitting us.  You sure aint local.  And I didnt see no badge in your property."
	Granger rose a bit and tapped his right forefinger on his temple.  Its in here.  I got no amygdala.  Its been replaced with a fearless chip.
	I know they all just chat with each other like they got a cell phone in their head.  Youre gonna have to explain yourself a bit more.  Links are out of my price range.  Whats an amygdala, anyway?
	"That's the part of your brain that creates the fight or flight mechanism.  It's like this,"  said Granger.  "I got no fear cuz Im a no-amygdala person.  It was removed and a bio-neural-chip replaced it five years ago in Quantico, Virginia.  Im Department of Defense Intelligence.  I watch out for drugs on Air Force aircraft traveling from the heroin fields of Afghanistan or cocaine from Columbia.
	Whats this amygdala thing? said OBrian.
	I got a bio-neural chip where my fear mechanism used to be.  It makes me very cool under threat.  I dont get scared the way normal folk do.  Lets get this main cerebellum chip read.  I got two.  My link chip and my fear chip.  The fear chip is D.O.D. and the link chip is commercial.  Its just a Sendai Chronoscope.  I want a look at my own shooter.  For the moment, I cant remember what she looked like.
	She? asked Hauser.
	It was a girl who did the shooting.  She had heavy makeup; I expect a wig, and dark glasses.  Ill show you as soon as we jack in." said Granger as he ran his fingers through his brown long-cut hair.  He came to the square port installed at the back of the skull, just above the muscular connections to the neck.  Hauser opened the case and handed the slender cable to Granger who inspected the square connector and slid it into the jack plate at the back of his head.  The chip readers screen flickered into life.  The pixels swirled into a face and arms extended, holding a pistol, dark scarf, sunglasses, red lips, Middle Eastern hook nose.  There was little for a computer to use.  Almost all pattern recognition software was disabled by the nose and eyes being obscured. 
	Was the nose real, or faked, thought Hauser.  Probably fake, he thought.
	This equipment can only do so much," said O'Brian.  Who were you working with?
	If I told you, Id have to kill you.  Granger grinned.  "Its a joke, dammit.  You guys are going to get your security clearances raised by this, though.  The briefcase of Heaven Seven is a designer tweaking of Heaven Seven.  It was made by Department of Defense chemists.  Heaven Seven works on the brain receptor for phencyclidine.  Years ago at the turn of the century, a drug called angel dust made a big dent in the business.  Very nasty.  It was used commercially as a tranquilizer for swine.  The vets used it to chill out twelve hundred pound pigs for medical care.  Heaven Seven uses the same drug receptor in the brain.  I got shot over some bait made to trap a trafficker group.  Almost got them.
	They all watched the girl shoot three times, then pick up the briefcase and run away.
	She has a discriminator chip," Granger added.  "One that cant be involuntarily linked.  I have one too, but mine is government.  Hers is probably from Hong King.  We can trace it.  Shes dressed as a man, but her gait is female.  Perhaps the mainframe computers can track that.  He smiled.  The very precautions taken to keep her anonymous would perhaps give her secrets away.
____________________________________
	We can get across the border by boat or air, Tom said to Sunny.  All we have to do is get this to Winnipeg, and we can retire.  Kiss me lover, and let's plot our exit.  
	Tom and Sunny poured themselves into each other like water into a thirsty animal. 
	Afterwards Sunny frowned.  "What if he IDs you?  Granger has seen me, but he doesnt know I am the one who fingered him for you to hit.  He might have me in his files, but he wont know for sure who to choose.  So, shall we can cross the border as motorists, fliers, or boaters?
____________________________________
	How did you fit all that crap into your head, anyway?  asked Hauser.
	I have some of it hardwired into my memory and speech centers," Granger explained. "That way I have recall powers that are playback type, and I can use my speech centers to send and compose reports to my boss.  Normal linking allows you to do that the same way, but once in awhile you link with someone you dont want to and it can get ugly.  My implant is protected by the mainframes in Virginia and Colorado, so I am secure, but someone who has a Hong Kong implant can assault a person telekinetically who has a regular link chip.  They dont mention the dark side of chipping when they talk to recreational senders.  They just send them e-mail until they think they want a chip installed.
	Okay, so you got the bulletproof version and so do they.  How about you read up on your little toy radio and get us some suspects, hows about that, eh?  said O'Brian.
	I can do better than that.  The briefcase of Heaven Seven was chip-linked.  Heres where you can raid my attempted murderers.  He reached over to the keyboard of the chip reader, and typed in a series of numbers and letters.
	The screen burst to a pale gray background with black letters.  A map and a blueprint design appeared.  An address on the map flashed from bold type to regular type, and a schematic drawing of the building showed a pulsing dot on the thirteenth floor.
____________________________________
	Hauser and OBrian sat in the gull-winged police cruiser as the Special Assault Team went into action on floor 13.  The two seasoned vets had earned the right to watch from the ground floor as the teams helmet cameras recorded the home invasion.  The team systematically broke down the door, cleared every room, and then used a probe to detect the briefcase.  They found the case, but the only thing living there was a cat.
	The briefcase was empty, but the fingerprint evidence was rich.  The Arab nose and sunglasses turned out to be Marina Anne Parker, and her accomplice a man who was identified as Thomas James Dale.  Both files had extensive photos, school records, medical implants, and histories.  Dale was ex-military and Parker listed her trade as entertainer.
	The data also showed an airplane belonging to Dale had been fueled that morning, and was taxiing to a take-off just as the raid was occurring.
	We can call Air Force out of Duluth and get them intercepted," said Hauser.  "Maybe even get someone from around here to take them down.  Doesnt Special Assault have an aircraft?  Tell them to launch immediately with all theyve got.  Get back to us with whats proposed, and dont let that airplane get across the border. 
	Can you let me observe, detective?  said an unexpected voice on Hausers radio.  
	Who is this?  Youre on a government line, buddy, whoever you are, said Hauser.
	Its just me, Granger.  This is what advanced linking can do, detective.  I understand your suspects have tried to escape but are finding your air power to be as good as their attempted egress.  They are at Holman Field in St. Paul, near downtown.  Ill meet you there.
	Hauser put down his radio and said to OBrian, Remember when I said when pigs fly Ill talk to the dead?  That Granger guy was half dead this morning and now hes giving us phone calls from his hospital bed.  I have just seen hell freeze over.
____________________________________
Hauser got to the field with OBrian and a team from Special Assault.  They saw a cordon of guards around a small twin-engine airplane with its engines running, propellers whirling.  It must have been a hundred years old if it was a day.  Hauser spotted Granger at the terminal and slowed in the van as the gunshot victim bounded to the open door. 
	Get in or youll miss out on the takedown, said Hauser to Granger as the former hospital resident clambered into the moving vehicle.
	They gunned the engine and accelerated down the runway.  When they got to the circle of National Guardsmen with rifles and pistols, they checked in with the commander of the troops. 
Hauser was given a bullhorn.  Shut down your engines and come out with your hands out where we can see them.
	The two engines slowed and stopped sputtering.  The propellers slowed and came to rest.
	The two occupants of the Grumman Cougar airplane emerged from the door with their hands held aloft.  They were met by guardsmen who restrained them with handcuffs and led them to the rear of Hauser and OBrians car.  
	When Granger began to walk toward the woman she began to scream.  "Stop him.  No-oo-oo-oo.  Dont let him do this.  Hes gonna blank my link.  Hes gonna steal all my memories.  Stop him.  She pleaded with Hauser and OBrian.
	Granger pulled a cord out of his pocket and walked up to Sunny.  He slipped the jack end of the cord into his hand and moved it toward the base of her skull.
	You cant do that, Granger, she still has local charges here, said OBrian.
	I have clearance to do this, and it will be done, said Granger, as he slipped the jack wire into Sunnys port.  
The girl screamed high and deathly until just at the peak of her wail she was abruptly cut off.  An     eerie stillness followed and an instant change from pleading resistance to total surrender.  Gone was the bubbly, inventive drug addict.  Now all that remained was the shell.  The soul had flown.  Maybe it would grow back, but it was gone today. 
	Hauser and OBrian looked at each other and shook their heads.  The captain would get his report.  The department would get cooperation from federal agencies, and both of them would get commendations.
	There was something sad, though, about Sunny Parker.  Tom seemed resigned to going to prison without his mate.  
	Hauser and OBrian closed the door of the car and drove her back to Minneapolis with the fifteen kilos of Heaven.  Granger would get it eventually, but they had it now.
	Granger had downloaded all of Sunnys memories into his external drive.  He had wiped her clean as if she were a slate of chalkboard.
	Hauser and OBrian drove the two drug traffickers back and booked them.
____________________________________
Granger walked into the lobby of the ancient air terminal.  He sat down and began to peruse the data he had gotten from Sunny.  He found a node he couldn't identify.  Sure, there were all Sunny's connections and contacts in the black market.  He touched the node with his mind and it began to expand.  It grew and shifted.  Of course it was just a mental  picture, and not a visual one, but the way these things worked for Granger, the picture was real enough.  The node uncoiled and moved across the wire to enter Grangers mind. 
	Sunny had left a trap door virus for anyone who molested her mind, her implant, or her list of connections.  Granger's eyes rolled up into the tops of his eye sockets and his body began to shake.  The virus removed all of Sunnys data and moved on to Granger's private memories.  In two short minutes, Granger was stripped of all his higher functions, and the case against Sunny was gone.  Hauser and O'Brian had the drugs, but Granger's case, so carefully put together, was erased.
	The virus expanded its scope to include Granger's bodily functions and began to attack the heart and lungs.  Breathing shut down and heartbeat dropped to two beats per minute.  Granger's body shook for a final minute, and then he was gone. 
It would be two hours before Hauser and O'Brian learned of Granger's passing.  For Sunny, it was a great benefit.  She leaned into Tom's ear at the interrogation center and said,  "Granger ate my poison pill.  You're gonna have to do the legal stuff, Thomas.  I am not feeling well today."
"Yeah, but Sunny girl, you got him.  You really got him," Tom said.
She thought back to the memory of shooting Granger and touched her now empty link.  "We may have to start all over, but Granger's gone.  He's not coming back.  " She leaned back and smiled. 
Portrait
By Frog
	Sidelight is best.  Long shadows, and orange sunlight from mother-of-pearl clouds, light streaming down to catch trees, golden-highlighted bark, and bright, fresh green leaves.
Da Vinci said it in his notebooks.  Morning and evening give the best light for painting.  The light strikes the scenery with a warm glow and high contrast; the foliage, the buildings, and the people are all warmed by the sun at its best.
Da Vinci never had to pay a cell phone bill or buy a new transmission for a minivan.  He never had to pay a daycare fine for picking up his child too late.  Da Vinci went looking for some lead oxide to use as white paint, or some vegetable oil to use as medium, or some linen for a canvas. 
Da Vinci was a scientist of the day when wood, bronze and leather were the materials used to build what crude devices we look at in museums and say, This man was a genius for his time.  He designed crude tanks with cannons and flying machines so close to our modern ultralight aircraft that an engineer could just cry, he was so close to a success.  He was a star in his time.
Craig Rodgers pushed open the glass door of the art supply store and moved toward the acrylic paint display.  He selected five tones of flesh-colored paint, a tube of titanium white, some burnt umber, an ivory black, a Mars black, and an alizarin crimson.  He stood over to the posterboard, selected five 16 x 24 boards, and made his way to the front desk for checkout.  The cashier totaled his purchases, added in his discount for a student ID card, and said, Thats gonna be $49.75.  He paid the girl and walked out to his old car, an aging Chevy 4 x 4 pickup truck, slid his purchases into the passenger seat and slid in after them.  
Craig idolized Leonardo da Vinci.  He often read his translated notebooks.  Those were the ones not only in Italian, but written so that they could only be read when held up to a mirror, with backwards writing.
Craig was an artist.  He collected all the best books on art.  From Frank Frazetta to John Singer Sargent and all the Renaissance masters, he had them all.  Craigs own art was good enough that, when Llewellyn Publications needed an Egyptian tarot deck of cards created from scratch, they came to him.  His mind was occupied with decisions on which Egyptian gods and hieroglyphs to assign to which stations in the deck of cards.  Osiris or Anubis or Ra or Isis?  And what does an Egyptian sword look like?  Questions and options tumbled in his brain. 
Craig pulled off Lake Street, and into the Podany building parking lot.  The first floor housed a camera shop on the west side and a business furniture store on the south.  He worked the lock on the west door, and ascended the stairs of the three-story brown brick building, then followed the hall to room 203.  It was at one time a dentists office with a lobby, and four small work rooms on the south side of the building, immediately above the furniture store.  This was now his photo and art studio.  The lobby was where he shot his photos for source material for his paintings.  
He laid his purchases down on the desk at the west end of the lobby area, then walked to the telephone in one of the old dentist work bays to see if he had any messages.  My name is Sheila and I hear youre paying twenty dollars an hour for modeling.  I dont do porno so I want to be up front about that, but give me a call if youre for real.  My number is 612-651-7660.
Craig cataloged the call from Sheila, unloaded his new purchases from his shopping bags, opened the door to the refrigerator and retrieved a jug of orange juice that he drank straight, without a glass.  
He picked up the telephone receiver and dialed her number.  The phone rang three times, and then a distinctively feminine voice spoke on the line, identical to the voice message. 
Hello, this is Sheila Whitefeather.  Whos this?
My name is Craig Rodgers, and I am looking to hire an artists model for a photo workup for some painting ideas I have planned.  You sound like you have a Native American name.  Are you?
	I am.  Does that matter?
	Everything matters in art.  Say you try to make a painting and you find a woman named Van Laningham and you think Dutch Masters and Rembrandt and Van Eyck.  Then all of a sudden youre in the mood to paint a scene of Girl With a Pearl Earring or The Night Watch or The Woman Pouring Milk.  
	That sounds kind of prejudiced to me.  Are you going to paint me as Pocahontas or Sacagawea or some other notable Indian maiden?
	I would love to do that.  Have you got any Native costumes of any kind?  Bring them if youve got them.  He paused as an idea raced in his brain.  Try to find a bikini-like swimsuit if you can.  Im in the mood to do homage to Frank Frazetta and paint you as the warrior princess of Mars. 
Sheila  said she could comply, and as he was paying for nude modeling, but offering to photograph in costumes, she thought that was good.  Or at least that was the idea she planted in his mind, and above all, gently caused him to think it was his idea.
They booked a session for the next day and she arrived on time with an overnighter backpack filled with powwow costumes.  Out came a bikini, several works of meticulous Indian beadwork, and a black suede dress with fringe and orange, red, and turquoise beadwork on the shoulders and yoke.  She darted behind the changing screen and slipped out of her jeans and into the dress.  It was then that Craig saw the beauty of this young woman in her cultural attire.  She stood about five-foot-six with a broad mouth, strong jaw, and dark black-within-black eyes that drank him in and momentarily rendered him a stare-transfixed fool. 
She smiled and broke the silence.  So, how do you like the hair?  Braided or not?  Either works fine for me.
	Uhwoweruh, I guess just try it in the braid for now. 
She moved over to the white seamless backdrop and for the next forty minutes Craig snapped his pictures.  He used his  new digital camera.  He posed her using his favorite light source simulated by strobes of flash light.  The shadows came from the side.  The light was sidelight like that found at sunset or sunrise. 
After the shoot he sat at his computer in one of the old dental bays on the south face of the studio.  He and Sheila watched the images come to life on the screen.  The dress was a pullover without a waist, but her hourglass figure showed through.  She reached into her daypack and withdrew a gun-like object that said Craig took for a prop as it but had no hole at the tip of the barrel.  She gently pressed the object to the base of his neck, just above his shoulder muscles.  Craig felt a kind of cool paralysis and slumped over in his chair, collapsing onto the computer keyboard.  Thoughts streamed in and out of his terrified mind...the horror of helpless confusion.
	Dont be afraid.  I just need you to be a camera.  Youre good.  I need your talent."
Craig found he could move his eyes, so he followed the sound to her.  Sheila picked up his head and torso and positioned him so he could sit up and watch her.  She stripped out of the black suede  dress and stood before him nude, a powerfully beautiful young woman, slim and trim, shapely, yet lightly proportioned.  She took a beaded circlet from her daypack and slowly worked it onto his head.
	This is the crown of creation.  It just looks like some fancy beadwork, but youll see soon enough what it can do.  She backed away from him while he balanced himself in his old, threadbare green swivel chair.  He watched her.  Im not from around here.  You might say I am kind of a visitor here," the young woman said.  " My friends in the Indian community call me an Oongktomay.  Thats Dakota Sioux for shape-shifter.  I am originally from a planet about a thousand light years away from here.  My race was genetically engineered  a thousand millennia ago to serve in a war where intelligence was gathered by those who could pass as the enemy.  They say I am close to Ungashala.  Thats Dakota Sioux for Great Spirit, or God.  Just blink when you think the image should be taken.  It works just like a camera. 
She reached into her daypack and withdrew a small plastic bottle of eye drops, then leaned Craigs head back and dropped one drop of fluid into each eye.
Craig watched her nude form prance and dance.  He could hear sound, and see bands of color surround her.  The sound built up to wails that climaxed, and collapsed, mixing with the colors twisting around her dancing form.  He could see a frame around her.  There were symbols on the edge of the frame, like on a computer screen.  He blinked.  A number one appeared on the left top corner of the frame.  He blinked again.  He saw the number in the corner go to two.  He continued watching, and blinking.  When the number in the corner reached 27, she stopped and plucked the circlet from his head then moved behind the screen to dress.  Craig felt his legs and tried moving.  He could sit up and move his head.  He massaged his back with his hand and stroked his jaw.  She had packed a hell of a punch with the headband, the gun, and the eye drops.  He tried to stand, but felt weak, so he sat back down.  Sheila, he said.
	Im here.  Are you feeling better?  I got twenty-seven good frames out of you.  You have a good mind for this.
What?
	You are a camera, Craig.  Years of setting up shots have left you with a sixth sense about photo work.  I have to send my spirit mother a note, and you gave me twenty-seven images to choose from.
	You mean to say youre sending your folks a Christmas card, with a portrait of yourself on it?
	Sort of.  That was my favorite body to wear.  She emerged from behind the changing screen, and stood before him, now.  She came out as a Caucasian woman about 28 years of age with blue eyes, blonde hair, and clear white skin, several shades lighter than she had been before.
	Your technology is catching up to the rest of the galaxy.  Soon you will be able to be a pest.  Im sending my mother the portraits you took.  I digitize the information and send it over light beams.  Not that what you see is needed to transmit.  We have a sense of cost just like you.  Its cheap to send her my portfolio this way.  We use laser light as a carrier wave to a relay.  Then it gets shipped instantly from one end of the galaxy to another.  Light is really cool stuff when you understand it.  Laser-coherent light, ultraviolet, infrared, it all comes to about three percent of the electromagnetic wave spectra.
	Youre a weird chick, but I mean that in the nicest way possible.  Craig still felt stunned but not frightened. 
She reached out, then hoisted her daypack and bounded out the door.
Craig tried to walk but was too uncoordinated between coming down off of the drug in his eyes and the spent feeling in his bones.  He did all he could to stumble to a futon in the far end of his studio.
He woke the next morning, calm and alert.  He walked to the diner across the street and ate.  Back in the studio he drew an Indian maiden in twilight sun.  She had left him the film, and electronic photos from the first half of the shoot.  He had enough to make a good painting.  The light caught her sideways, and defined her form.  She wore a black suede dress with geometric patterns on the yoke.  He sketched out his plan for a portrait.
Sidelight was best.
*** The Parasite
By Frog
	Searing pain wracked the patient as he slowly rocked back, and forth in the infirmary bed.  The parasite spread its tendrils under his skin.  Visible under sweat soaked bedsheets were the foreign strands of the parasites flesh, strangulating, and cutting into the life of the host.  The entry point at the base of the neck bled and drained in an expanding swath of spinal fluid and blood.
	"This is the crucial part," said the doctor.  "If he can drive the animal out of his mind, then he has a chance.  Without his effort we can do very little.  If he can just hold on, there are drug therapies we can try.  We can leave a bad taste in the parasite's mouth.  He turned away from the writhing man, and addressed the nurse in blue scrubs.  "Call me if there is any change, I'm going to look in on the others."
	The nurse glanced at the patient and saw a small movement around the shoulders.  She snatched up a locking hemostat and forced its jaws onto the flesh of the emerging parasite.  It was departing from its host, black and wet, looking like a plant's root system.  The head was gripped in the hemostat's jaws, its bony skull showing the blue taint of nerve tissue, exposed to daylight for the first time since it had tried to take over the body of the planetary colonist. 
"Doctor!  It's coming out.  Its letting him go.  I have it in this hemostat." 
	The doctor came rushing back, his white lab coat flapping as he ran.  He sprayed the octopus-like parasite with a can of aerosol poison.  The chemical had a rapid effect.  The creature gave out a screeching gasp and died.
	The patient collapsed and passed out. 
	The doctor looked dolefully at the nurse, and shook his head.  I wish we could have saved him." 
	"But Doctor, we have the parasite here; the patient is free."
	The doctor held up the limp, wormlike corpse.  "What that means is that this case is not finished yet.  This parasite is female" he paused, and with pain in his voice, he said, "and females lay eggs."
Case File Review
by Frog
	"Petition for commercial harvest of planet ten three eighty-eight.  Our docket number is three six oh eight."
	"Defense, your honor, makes the statement that this planet is in the Shurian game preserve and is held in reserve from harvest."
The prosecutor pressed his case.  "Here, your honor, is a backward race living on fossil fuels.  The bio-mass alone is not being used in a way that reflects galactic needs."
	The judge looked at the case file on his visi-screen.  "This looks like a case for intervention and cooperative harvest with the local population."
	"Defense is petitioning for intervention soon.  We have had numerous encounters with their air armadas.  They are going through a nuclear weapon stage that is savage and could contaminate any bio-mass to be harvested.  We feel that intervention is called for."
	Prosecutor Ajin pulled one of his dreadlocks out and tucked it behind the green iridescent antennae coming from his right temple.  He spoke.  "We have serious needs in our galactic community and turning loose a race of nuclear era, smog belching death machines, is no way to manage a planet.  Currently there is no global government to argue a case with.  There are only fractured territorial fiefdoms now.  Three are large and should be consolidated.  We, your honor, are at the impasse of contact.  I feel, and many of our race agree, that this race is young enough to warrant harvest for meat for commercial consumption."
	"MEAT?  Defense was enraged.    This specie has a multi-cycle growth pattern.  We harvested some of this planet's mammals twenty thousand cycles ago, and now they are extinct.  Some of the aquatic mammals could be farmed or transplanted to an ocean planet.  By no means should a nuclear planet be harvested out of spite for its fuel choices."
The judge asked the defense attorney a Question.  "Do these proto-citizens have a name for this orb?"
	"They call it 'Earth'.  They call themselves 'Human'."
	" I will order a contact mission.  If these barely evolved pond scum can be diplomatic, we may come out with profit for both ourselves and them.  We can decide whether or not to eat them later on.  At worst we waste a diplomat's time.  Next case, bailiff."
	the end

AUTHORS>>>NOTE

                Doing drugs can lead to institutionalization, prison, heartbreak and death. These are not things we take lightly. Be very careful and stay away from anything with a chemical name of alphabet soup reminiscent of floor stripper or embalming fluid. The same chemical as the one you smoked could get pumped into your veins when it comes time to bury you. Simply put: stay out of trouble..
              I like you. There is a reason for that. You read my first quality book and I appreciate that. In turn I am going to give you some warnings. LSD scalds the brain like the same acid it is named for. We had a small group of first time trippers commune together late at night in a Minneapolis suburb and one of their group left the house, stripped off his clothes and went running wild, house to house. A police officer confronted this naked incoherent young man who then made a grab at the officers weapon. The officer took his gun and shot once in the abdomen and paralyzed the nude offender for life. Thats bad.
              Mushrooms of the psilocybin variety are conscionable and relatively idiot proof . So is cocaine and marijuana. The biggest problem with these is cost but you can make your own experiments and the biggest points I can leave you with is the same thing Dr. Devereaux told James McGregor, leave the harsh drugs alone. Even marijuana and alcohol  can create dependency issues for many people. Things like BHG and PCP are downright evil. There was a drug going around 50 years ago in the 1960s called LBJ and was named for president Lyndon Baines Johnson. It was a combination of LSD, Belladonna and Jimson Weed. Girls in the 1950s used Belladonna eye drops to dilate their pupils and get that dark eyed look that they thought was stylish. Belladonna has been used as a poison going back to Roman times. It is a vegetable extract. Jimson Weed is another powerful hallucinogen and is notoriously unpredictable. It grows all throughout American croplands from Virginia to California. Not even the American Indians like that stuff. They even avoided it when they said yes to peyote and psilocybin. I saw two young men on TV who were on Jimson Weed and one of them was smoking an imaginary cigarette in full belief that it was real.
                  My book tends to view drug use as brave test pilots going above and beyond duty to clear the trail for those who would come after. Thats the only real problem with this manuscript. We can move from the behaviors of law enforcement to those of the underworld of black market and more. My work tends to glamorize drug use in some ways. I could write a book on heroin and have all the characters die and still there would be a tendency to glamorize. It goes with the territory. Star Trek had a science fiction cult called Heavens Gate all commit suicide to dream of being space explorers like the ships crews in all those cool movies and TV shows. Fans can interpret things the wrong way.
                  Ultimately guys, its just a book. Go play with your toys and I hope this toy makes you happy. I am off to nursing school and I am moving on in my life from an experience in drugs that intoxicate to ones that heal. I hope to write a good Harlequin Romance under a female pseudonym like Sara Bellum or Shirley Yujest. Between 1980 and 1993 I ate about 35 doses of LSD and I dont feel the desire to do that anymore.                  
                     Good luck and be careful 
                                                 William Strawn Douglas..2012 July                        




