The Total December Experiment
Original Story (Beginning) by
Lorna Lynne Kreimer AKA::: Irishlass



Prologue

     Karyn leaned against the huge trunk of the live oak tree. 
     The weather throughout the day had been fabulous and the evening horizon promised a stunning sunset.
     She had arrived hours earlier, seeking privacy and solace. She often came to the grove of trees, where the occasional magnolia and sweet gum stood among the stand of oaks.
     The small basket, now empty, in which she had packed several comfort foods sat on the grass by her side. She didn't indulge often but this occasion demanded every  soothing resource available.
     A popular novel was open and lying face down beside the basket.
     She had snuggled into a crevice of the buttressed trunk of the ancient tree with a pillow behind her head and shoulders to cushion her from the furrowed and stratified bark. She sat on a folded quilt.
     The massive limbs of the great tree, delicately laced with Spanish moss, canopied above her but had allowed equal amounts of shade and sunlight to dapple the ground through out the afternoon.
     The gentle waves rolled onto the shore and the sun settled into the waters of the gulf. The ever-present breeze played in the silky strands of her blond hair and nipped mischievously at thefolds of her skirt, causing it to briefly flutter, exposing firm tan thighs.
     As the moon rose and its light filtered through the branches and leaves of the tree, the tiny golden star painted on the fingernail of her ring finger began to  
sparkle and wink...a reminder of the night sky.
     A sudden gust of wind tumbled the basket several feet from Karyn and swept several strands of her hair across her cheek and lips.
     Gem bent and replaced the basket, setting the almost empty wine bottle inside to hold it in place.
     " We can't spoil this lovely scene, can we Karyn ?" He stood back to admire his handiwork, moving from one location to another to viewthe scenefrom different angles.
     " Perfection, Karyn. Thank you." He then turned and vanished among the trees.
     Karyn carelessly held the fragile stem of the empty wine glass as she stared after him with dull and unblinking eyes.
     As the faint sounds of the intruder vanished, the breeze suddenly halted and the murmur of the waves faded to silence. A delicate luminous mist began to gather around Karyns face and shoulders, kissing her cheeks and smoothing her hair from her face. The breeze stirred and the faint sound of the waves returned to accompany the soft sigh of grief as the mist slowly swirled up into the umbrella of branches and disappeared.





Chapter 1

   Manda struggled, panting and mentally voicing her vocabulary of profanity, to  
bump the box of books down the flight of stairs from her second floor apartment.
Pausing for a brief rest while leaning back against the box to keep it from 
tumbling down the remaining steps, she wondered how on earth she was going  
to wrestle four boxes of books into the car.
   She had decided several days earlier that the only possessions to make the move with her would be her personal items of sentimental value, her clothing and her precious books. 
   The furnishings in her apartment, cast offs from friends and family, were old, ugly, uncomfortable and would remain behind for the next occupant. If she hadnt already done this routine with three of the boxes of books, she thought that she might have given  more consideration as to how important THEY really were to her. 
Grasping the  box again to finish the jarring descent, she again hoped that she had made the  right decision. After all, moving four states south and starting over WAS a major life change. She reached the foot of the stairs with a sigh of relief. 
Thank heavens there are only three more steps down to the sidewalk, she murmured. Manda eased the box down the porch steps and by scooting the box from side to side, managed to push it over to the old Taurus sitting by the curb.
 Now  what? she muttered, casting a baleful glance between the boxes and the car. With a deep sigh, Manda prepared to do the impossiblelift two very heavy boxes into the trunktwo into the back seat.
Manda, called Mrs. Collins through her open window in the next-door  apartment. Wait, I have three strong grandsons here just waiting to help a pretty little thing like you.
Manda chuckled. At five and a half feet, she looked down on the top of her neighbor and landlords head by at least six inches. She was pleasantly surprised when three strapping young men topping out at six feet or more came loping down the steps of her neighbors stoop and came to an abrupt halt in front of her with big grins on their faces. In less time than it took for Mrs. Collins to bustle down her steps, all four boxes were lifted up and into the car. 
 After Mandas smiles and Thank You, the three boys gave bear hugs to their grandma and ambled down the street, good-naturedly taunting and teasing each other.
Manda, Ive baked some nice banana bread. When youve finished packing,  come over and share some with me. We can spend some time together before  you leave.
Will do, Mrs. Collins. Thanks for the invitation.
Manda stood in her apartment living room, mentally crossing out the items on her checklist. Everything going with her was packed in the car, the apartment was clean, she had gotten all the information and directions necessary for the road trip, had taken care of her few financial obligations and the car had been serviced the week before. All that was left was to visit with Mrs. Collins, leave her apartment key, gas up the car and take off. She made one last tour of the  rooms, pulled the door closed and locked it.


***

Manda tapped on her neighbors door, quickly thrusting one hand behind her back. Mrs. Collins opened the door to see her young boarder with a dimpled smile and a mischievous look in her eyes. 
 Come in and make yourself at home, then tell me why you have the devils twinkle in your eyes. I can tell youre up to something. Ive been around too long for many people to be able to put something over on me. Remember, Ive been taught by the bestyou just met three of them.
 Why, Mrs. Collins, Youve hurt my feelings, Mandas grin belying her words. Manda laughed and pulled her hand from behind her back extending a small elegantly wrapped package toward Mrs. Collins.
 Why Manda, how sweet.
 I have to show my appreciation for everything youve done for me the last two years.
 I havent done anything except enjoy your company, child.
 Of course you have. Youve taken messages for me, fed me frequently and loaned me your shoulder to cry on more than once. Youve even baked me birthday cakes !
 Well, youve been a joy to me, Manda, more than you know. Youre like a daughter to me. Thats very refreshing since my daughters only provided me with grandsons.
By this time they were seated at the kitchen table with coffee and banana bread.
 Try some of that spread on your bread. Its really good. Its a vanilla cream cheese spread.
Mrs. Collins began opening her present.
 Oh my, Manda, its lovely.
She looked up at Manda with a suspicious sheen in her eyes. She was holding a figurine of a Mother and small daughter planting flowers together.
 You see, I think of you as my second Mom.
Mrs. Collins abruptly left the table to go in another room, coming back with a package of her own that she presented to Manda.
Mrs. Collins chattered away as Manda opened her gift.
 I was in that little curio shop on fifth street the other day and I saw this. I know you enjoy astrology and so I asked the sales lady to help me. I told her your birthday and she picked this out.
 Oh, Mrs. Collins, This is so awesome.
In Mandas hand was a silver pendant. Engraved on the silver disc were the scales of justice and a small symbol beneath it.
 These are the symbols of the sign of Libra. Thank you so much. Ill always treasure this, Manda said as she slipped it around her neck. 
 How about another piece of bread and another cup of coffee , said Mrs. Collins.  I want to talk to you about  something.
Manda looked into Mrs. Collinss eyes, surprised to see them filled with worry.
Sure, heyare you OK ?
 Im fine dear, just a little concerned about you. Manda, are you absolutely sure you want to do thismove South I mean ? Its such a long distance away.
Mandas brow creased as she thought about the best way to explain.
 Mrs. Collins, Ive thought and thought about this ever since Mr. Lanier called me about my great aunt. Ive lost more than one night of sleep trying to decide what to do, andwellI came to some conclusions.
 When Mom and Frank moved to Seattle, they invited me to go with them, but I wanted to stay here. Ive spent my entire life in this area. All of my friends from my neighborhood and all my classmates from school were here. I felt that Mom and Frank wanted a new beginning and I should give them the opportunity to have that without me being a 5th wheel.
After a few seconds of silence, Manda continued.
 No ! Ive got to be honest about this. I really just didnt want to leave here. Seattle seemed light years away from everything and everybody I knew. But I slowly realized that everything doesnt stay the same just because thats the way you want it to be. I had to leave my old neighborhood and find an apartment because Mom had to sell the house. Then my friends began moving away. Going to college, getting married.after a short time of keeping in touch, they kind of gradually slipped away into their own lives. I have no family here, no decent job and none in sight. I want more education, but I dont know what, where or how. Im going nowhere. About 4 months ago I was thinking of joining Mom and Frank in Seattle. Thats when I realized how afraid I am. That thought really discouraged me and I felt like a complete failure in life.
 Manda, you havent failed, you just
 Mrs. Collins, please, just let me get this out.
OK, Dear. 
 After I got over the shock of Mr. Laniers news, I began to see it as an opportunity to figure out what I want or need to do with my life. I decided that it was time to grow up. Do you understand ?
 Yes, I understand, Manda. I just want you to know that  every one of us experience the thoughts and feelings youve been having. Its a necessary passage in everyones life. Its a very difficult experience to get through and it is a frightening experience, but we somehow get through it. We all, at one time or another, feel were failures, but thats not true. What youre feeling about yourself right now isnt pleasant, but its normal. Can you believe me and accept that ?
Manda frowned at her coffee for a minute, then her face began to clear.
 Mrs. Collins, you are a treasure. I hadnt thought about it that way, but what you just told me makes sense. I already feel better about myself.
 Manda grinned , Maybe I can pull this off. What do you think ?
 Manda, Ive known you for two years and I believe you can do anything you set your mind to.
 Thank you again for everything. Especially the encouragement and your belief in me.
 No need for that. Thats what second Moms are for. Moms dont clip wingswe coax young ones out of the nest.
Manda jumped up and gave her a big hug.
 Im going to miss you, Mrs. C.
Im going to miss you too, but we will stay in touch. Thats a promise. As soon as you get settled, write me and tell me everything. OK ?
 Ill do that, I swear.
Manda wrote the name and phone number of her hotel down on a piece of paper and handed it to Mrs. Collins.
 This will be my good luck piece, Manda said with a grin, as she rubbed the pendant Mrs. Collins had given her.

***

Several hours later, Manda was on the road, heading for a new experience. On the seat beside her lay a thermos of iced tea and several slices of wrapped  banana bread, courtesy of her friend and neighbor. 
The parting had been a little bittersweet.
 She and Mrs. Collins had been satisfying neighbors for each other. Only one thing had marred this last visit. After agreeing to correspond on a regular basis, Mrs. Collins had repeatedly made Manda promise to be careful at all times and to watch her back. Mandas uneasiness didnt last long, however. Her stomach being pleasantly full and with two doses of caffeine via coffee in her bloodstream, she was beginning to feel pleasant anticipation about her new venture .danger felt very far away from her new life.
Manda had decided to stay off the interstate as much as possible. She didnt like them. She wasnt comfortable driving in a lot of traffic and with little visual diversion; the drive would become very boring and tiring. She had plenty of time, so with the help of AAA and several maps, she had planned a scenic route. 
The thought of driving leisurely through the heartlands would be relaxing and exciting at the same time. She was determined to override any apprehensions she felt  about the changes in her life, and to enjoy her trip to the fullest.


Chapter 2

The young man jogged at a leisurely pace alongside the water where the wet  sand made running a little easier. Jogging in dry sand was a killer. Usually, he kept a faster pace but he had started an hour later than normal this morning and the higher heat and humidity was extremely uncomfortable and tiring. He had already downed more than half of his bottle of water so he was going to keep his run shorter than usual.
The rules and regs he had set for himself regarding his exercise, start to finish without stopping, were disregarded when he spied the grove of trees on a small bluff up ahead. 
Shadehe had to have it before he started back home. Shade, a short rest and part of the water he had left in his bottle were necessary right  now to keep him from falling on his face. He slowly jogged up a small hill beside the bluff and headed for the trees. He slowed to a walk when he realized that someone else was there. He was a little disappointed at first. He had anticipated a little private R&R during which he  could regain his breath and let his sweat soaked body cool.
As he slowly walked closer, he realized that the person under the tree was blond  and wearing a dress. Chauvinistic he may be, but he preferred blonds. A few  steps closer and he could tell she was youngbetter and better. A half dozen steps further and he began to realize that something about the scene was  making him uneasy. 
Although her eyes appeared to be open, she gave no  indication that she knew he was there. The strong breeze had pushed her skirt up almost to her waist but she made no attempt to readjust her clothing. If fact,  she hadnt moved at all. Another yard and he realized that the enormous dark stain that covered her dress wasnt part of the dress design. It looked like .
With pounding heart and mouth so dry he couldnt swallow, he back pedaled  toward the bluff, spun on his heel and tore off down to the beach toward home.

Chapter 3

Manda, after spending a restless night in a motel, was into her second day of  driving. She was beginning to feel the lack of sleep. Her legs were cramping a  little and she was feeling jittery from sitting behind the wheel too long. 
Not used to driving long distances, she hadnt taken many rest stops and her body was letting her know. She decided it was time for lunch and a break. Arriving in the  next small town, she pulled into the gravel parking area of a little country store/gas station that had the appearance of a store from the forties; the era recognizable from looking at photos of similar buildings in her grandmothers old  family album. She opened an ancient screened door and entered the darkened  interior.
Howdy, young lady. Can I help ya ?  A mite hot out, aint it ? 
Smiling at the old fellow, Manda agreed with his assessment of the weather. 
 I need something to eat and drink and gas in my car. She began to look on the shelves for something appealing.
I can make ya a sandwich. I have ham and bread that the little woman cooked  yesterday.
Oh! That sounds wonderful!  Can you fill my thermos with ice water, too.? 
 Sure can, Miss.
 Is there a place around here where I can relax and have a little picnic? I really  need a break from this driving.
 Well..Theres a little park just a tad up the road across from the church. 
Taint much but it does have shade trees. How much gas ya be wantin? 
Fill it up for me, please. Oh, do you have a ladys room? 
The necessary room is at the back of the store. Taint fancy, but its clean. 
A few minutes and a mile later, Manda pulled over into a grassy area, which had  a surprise for her. An old picnic table sat there with the promised shade produced  by several trees. 
Across the road, sat a small white clapboard church with a tall steeple.
Beside the church, protected by trees and surrounded by a white picket fence, was a cemetery. The church and grounds were obviously well maintained by the local citizens, indicating a willingness to work hard and share responsibility in showing respect for their place of worship and for the  loved ones who had passed. 
Manda carried her goodies over to the table still smiling over the conversation she had just had with the old fellow. She was so glad that she had chosen the back roads. She was meeting nice, real people.
  As she enjoyed her sandwich followed by a piece of the banana bread, she studied the directions he had given her to reach a B&B in a town about twenty miles or so further up the road. 
Her lunch finished and the way to the B&B filed  in her head, she relaxed and began to take in the sights and  sounds of the countryside. During the time she had been at this haven of a park,  not one car had passed by on the narrow two-lane road. Birds rustled and  chirped in the branches above her head and there were occasional raucous caws  of crows rending the silence. The steady low hum of mid summer cicadas filled the air. 
Somewhere in the distance, there was the  muted sound of a tractor. Who came up with the idea that country meant quiet,  she thought. The difference between enjoyment and irritation, however, was that country sounds were, for the most part, sounds of nature coming from the true  inhabitants, the creatures and insects of the countryside, who labored hard to pollinate, clear debris and in many other ways, enable humans to continue the process of providing essential basic goods for people. 
 Farmers; honest, hardworking people with good old-fashioned values. 
Manda realized that her viewpoint was very simplistic but also knew that she required a part of her life to provide simplicity for her at this time. Another reason  she had chosen the scenic route was to provide more time to adapt to her  changing circumstances...to slow the transitionto lessen the stress of dramatic change. Manda wondered what sort of person Great Aunt Nanny May ONeal had been. Until a month ago, Manda hadnt known that she existed. The only information she possessed so far was that she was related through Mandas maternal family, had never married, never borne children, outlived all of her immediate family and for some unknown reason had bequeathed her worldly goods to a great niece that she had never met. Manda had been notified by a  lawyer, John Lanier; the executor of the estate, of her great aunts death and of  Mandas inheritance. She had scheduled an appointment with him for 10:00 AM on next Thursday.
Nanny May O Neal; what an interesting name. A combination of the old south and Ireland. Manda decided that research on her genealogy was in order. It would be a fascinating hobby. A few more moments of relaxing and she was going to seek out the B&B. It was still afternoon, but she wanted a shampoo, a long bath and time to relax and plan the next day before settling in at a  reasonable hour for a good nights sleep.

Chapter 4

Detective Gary J.  Haworth stood, hands clasped behind his back and legs spread, just outside the parameter of the yellow crime scene tape, studying the area before him. The only things visible that indicated a crime had taken place,  other than the yellow tape, were dark rust colored stains that were spattered on  areas of the tree trunk and which matted together the crushed grass where she had lain.
The victim had been removed and taken to the morgue, but only after the crime scene team had completed their meticulous work. The team, after suiting up in pull-on disposable coveralls, booties, caps and gloves to prevent cross contamination of the scene, had carefully scanned the ground within the tape. Looking for footprints,  litter, or anything at all that could be evidence, they had placed small numbered flag markers at each suspicious site. Photographs; both color and black and  white, were taken while the flags and evidence were still in place, all evidence found had been bagged and tagged individually and placed in the van. 
Measurements of the entire crime scene had been noted on sketches. Many photographs had been taken of the body. The medical  examiner, after donning the same outfit as the team, had examined and swabbed the anus for evidence, taken the victims  temperature and checked the phase of rigor mortis. He then, without moving the  body, searched for and recorded everything visible on her body that could be used in the investigation. Her hands were bagged. She was then gently turned over and the procedure repeated on her back. When it was time to remove the body, the quilt and pillow were kept under her and placed in the body bag as a unit. 
After the van had departed, more photos were taken of her  final resting place at the base of the tree and samples of blood soaked soil, grass  and spattered samples of the tree bark were removed for analysis. Now, Detective Gary Haworth scanned the scene, taking in the beauty of the grove of  trees. The beauty of the vista offered by the gulf and remembering the beauty of  the young woman whose life had been so casually ended, he once again felt the overwhelming desire to hang up his hat. He was so tired of viewing the atrocities that one human could inflict on another. 
He shook his head at the thought that he had left the New Orleans area to get away from the same type of bizarre and senseless crimes. He had recognized the symptoms of impending burn out. He hadnt wanted to leave law enforcement, but he had known that he was losing his ability to emotionally handle the extremely high crime rate of the  Big Easy. 
His hope had been to get in on the ground floor of law enforcement in this small but growing young city his goal to maintain and protect the law abiding citizens to prevent the invasion of those who would attempt to pervert the lives of those living in this community. 
He had to solve this as soon as possible to send a message out that this city would not tolerate crimethat timely justice would prevail. He grimaced and shrugged as though to shake off his thoughts and weariness. His resolve  strengthened, he turned to leave the scene and begin the investigation.


Chapter 5

Manda smiled with delight as she spotted the quaint country style sign  announcing the Mimosa Lane Bed and Breakfast. The sign, beautiful in its  simplicity, perched on the top of a striking dark green / gray stone slab covered  almost entirely with ivy and a pink climbing rose. This trip just kept getting more and more satisfying and beautiful. 
The better part of the trip from the little country store had led her down a gently winding road into a valley with tall lush shade trees lining both sides of the road. As she had entered the tunnel of trees, the air flowing through the car  windows immediately became cooler and refreshing. The perfume of wild honeysuckle filled the air in places where the shade was less dense. The scent immediately brought memories of childhood, sitting on a grassy bank behind her home, letting the tiny drops of honeysuckle nectar drop onto her  tongue. Manda could almost taste it. 
Moisture, coolness and shade had provided  a perfect home for the moss clinging to the tree trunks. All of these perceptions combined to make her long for a tiny cottage or cabin of her own nestled among the trees. Manda was disappointed when the road began to bring her up out of  the valley, but the disappointment was short lived as she drove out of the valley and immediately caught sight of her destination. After she turned onto the lane leading to the B&B, she was compelled to stop in order to drink in this new pleasure. 
The B&B was aptly named as Mimosa trees in full bloom, danced  along each side of the lane. The arched spreading branches with fern like leaves were covered with fragile pink and white powder puff blooms. Breath taking. 
She drove slowly up the lane, reaching a small white cottage with, believe it or not, a picket fence covered with rambling red roses. Manda felt as  though she was living her own fantasy as she parked her car by the rose covered fence. Behind the house she could see a small grape arbor and what appeared to be plots of cultivated berries. Her trance was broken when the door to the cottage opened to reveal a smiling young woman obviously in the last stage of impending motherhood. 
  Good Afternoon, are you wanting a room for the night? 
Oh yes, please, replied Manda, silently thanking the older fellow in the country store for directing her here.
 Susan led Manda up a stairway to view the room. It was small but beautifully  decorated in the expected country theme. The walls were papered with a pattern  of large cabbage roses of several shades of mauve on a pale sage green background. The floor was maple stained hardwood, which matched the bureau, and bed, the latter being covered with a lovely hand made quilt in pastel shades that matched the wallpaper, and a luxurious mix and match of decorative pillows piled at the head of the bed. 
Several accent rugs of sage green were scattered on the floor. The large window and the small round bedside tables were  covered with tiers of white eyelet. The curtains were gently swaying in and out to  the rhythm of a sweetly scented summer breeze. A small-overstuffed chair of  mauve sat in the corner of the room with a small table and lamparranged so  Manda could relax with a good book or enjoy the splendid view. On a small side  table stood an array of decorative candles and a lovely vasesoon to be filled  with fresh cut flowers from Susans garden.
 The walls were accessorized with a grapevine wreath, a pair of distressed white  sconces and several old fashioned photographs in vintage frames. Mandas  thought was that the room should have seemed too busy and very cramped with  the wallpaper of huge flowers, but the effect was one of coziness and airy  freshness. There was a very small private bathroom decorated just as beautifully as the bedroom. A sigh of pleasure escaped Manda. 
If the room is satisfactory, we can go downstairs so you can sign the register. 
I adore the room and you bet Ill go sign the register. 
  After business was completed, Susan gave Manda a menu from which to choose her breakfast the next morning. She told Manda that she would also supply a light supper followed later by dessert and coffee. 
We live so far out in the country that it would be ridiculous for you to try to find a restaurant. Were not actually a bed and breakfast but I fell in love with the  concept.
 You wont find me complaining, Manda replied.
Feel free to wander around the grounds. Theres a lake down over the hill  behind the house with a small pier and several lawn chairs. The lake is almost  encircled with evergreens. Its very pretty and relaxing there. Well have supper at 6:00 so enjoy yourself and Ill see you later.
After Manda took her belongings to her room and put them away, she grabbed a  book and wandered down to the lake. It was fairly large and had been stocked with fish. If she watched closely, she could see a fish leap from the water occasionally, causing ripples that eventually arrived at the shore. The evergreen  trees, reminders of winter, snow and Christmas, created a greater sense of coolness. As it was getting close to dusk, a deer with a nice rack of antlers, slowly and cautiously, raising his head every few steps to watch  and listen, made his way to the water to drink. As soon as Manda spotted him,  she froze so she wouldnt frighten him. As he was heading back to the tree line after he drank, something else spooked him ...He flipped his  tail up, showing his white flag and broke into a runquickly disappearing.  
After a period of time, she realized that it was almost suppertime.she had  enjoyed looking at everything so much that she hadnt even opened the book. 
Manda met Susans husband, Perry, at the supper table. He was an ordinary  man in appearance, but very personable with a delightful sense of humor. They  shared a lot of laughter during the light supper that wasnt at all light. Laughter broke out again when Susan reminded her of dessert at 8:00, which elicited a good-natured groan from Manda.
 Full, almost to the point of discomfort, Manda excused herself and went to her  room. She enjoyed a leisurely shampoo and scented bath. Afterwards,  feeling so-so much more comfortable, she stood in front of the mirror blow- drying her hair. She studied her face in the mirror and realized that  she might have the answer to a question that she had wondered about ever  since she had first looked in a mirror. Mandas dad had medium brown hair,  brown eyes and a skin color that made him look as though he always had a light  tan. Her mom had strawberry blond hair, green eyes and a fair complexion with  freckles. Manda resembled neither of them. The eyes studying her from the other side of the mirror were very, very pale blue grayso light in color that they looked otherworldly. Her skin was also very fair but without freckles. Her shoulder length extremely wavyalmost curly hair was gleaming ebony. So black that sunlight struck blue sparks off the surface. Now, perhaps, she could  make sense of the differences between her and her parents. No one else in her  known family had Mandas coloring. She hoped to see photographs of her great aunt to see if there was a family resemblance. The fact that Nanny May was Irish  coupled with Mandas coloring, etc., caused the term black Irish to come to  mind. There was that possibility. Fascinating ! She grinned at herself noting the  deep dimples in her cheeks; she had heard dimples were also an Irish  characteristic. This journey was going to be very exciting and very enlightening,  for certain.
The next morning, Mandas travel alarm woke her at 9:00. The evening before,  she and Susan had decided to have brunch at 10:00 instead of an early  breakfast because Manda needed to catch up on her sleep and she wanted  Susan to have an opportunity to sleep in if she chose. Manda went through her  usual morning routine, packed everything except her toothbrush and paste, tidied the room and walked down to the kitchen.
 Susan had the table set   and coffee waiting. Fresh flowers were arranged in a  low bowl in the center of the table. 
Susan served the peach stuffed French toast and crisp bacon Manda had  chosen from the menu the previous evening. Manda requested that Susan join  her so they both settled in to eat their fill and enjoy some good conversation.   Susan, you are a terrific cook. I dont know which I enjoyed most. Your home made cherry pie last night or what were having now. I guess I have to say that  its a toss-up.
 Thanks, I love to cook and experiment with recipes. I suppose I can say its one  of my hobbies.
 Well, cooking is not a hobby of mine. I dont seem to have a talent for it. Do you have other hobbies?
 I enjoy quilting but Mom has just started teaching me. We get together twice a  week so she can give me lessons.
 Did your mom make the quilt on the bed in my room? It is gorgeous.  
 Yes, she did.She quilts constantly. Mom keeps the whole family supplied plus she takes special orders from customers and always has a few on hand to sell. 
She also goes to several quilting web sites and chat rooms on the computer . She even designs some herself.
 I really admire her, Susan, because Im not very creative.
 What kinds of things do you enjoy doing, Manda?
 I love to readalmost any kind of book. I dabble a little in astrology and the  occult. Its fun, although I dont know if I believe in it or not.
  Sounds fascinating.
It is. I took lessons for a few years from an astrologer up North. You meet some very interesting people in that sort of classsome were real weird characters.
 What do you mean?
People who profess to be witches, warlocks, reincarnated old souls, etc.
Susan raised an eyebrow and Manda grinned at her while duplicating the old, 
  Twilight Zone  theme, causing a gale of laughter from both.
 Well, I hate to leave such good company, but I better be on my way. If I ever  come through here again, I will definitely be staying with you. You are a perfect  hostess. Thanks for everything.
 Thank youIve really enjoyed your company. Im alone most of the time  because Perry is on the road a lot. I get tired of not having anyone to talk to. Of course, pretty soon I will be so busy that I wont have time to be lonely. Susan  smiled and patted her tummy.
 Have a safe trip, Manda.
 I will and you take good care of yourself.
 Manda loaded her things into her car, gave a big hug to Susan, jumped into the car and started down the lane. Without realizing it, she began humming,  On the Road Again, by Willie Nelson, as she turned left onto the road.


Chapter 6

The darkness was very heavyso, so heavy.
The weighted full moon hanging in the sky seemed to be held in place only by the dark clouds racing beneath.
The sounds of the blackness had blessedly stilled.
Gem felt exhausted as always after the purge. the fatigue was expectedwas wantedwas needed.  
Now, for a while, Gem could live, could love, could be just as everyone else. The demons were at rest now. In time, that would change, but for now the tormentors  would be sated and peace would be a temporary reward.

Chapter 7

With the help of his assistant, Dr. Dennis Mitchum had lifted the quilt, pillow and body of Jane Doe onto the stainless steel table. The body had already been x- rayed and the initial photographs taken.her clothing examined, removed and  placed in a labeled evidence bag.
Detective Haworth stood behind the medical examiner. He hated this part of his job but he had to be here for the autopsy.
The ME swabbed the mouth,  vagina and  surrounding areas.
He utilized a light that fluoresced any body fluids on the body. Areas of blood were indicated  but little else. Samples were taken. He removed everything from under her fingernails for examination. The entire time, he had been giving details orally into a microphone. So far, Detective Haworth, the only wounds I see are on her throatits been sliced very neatly; one cut severing each artery.two cuts total. There are no defensive wounds on her arms or anywhere. She, for unknown reasons, did not  struggle. Lee, help me turn her over. The slight amount of post mortem lividity staining her buttocks and the backs of  her legs indicated the profound blood loss before death occurred. There were  no signs of trauma on the back of her body.
 Interesting, Dennis said under his breath. There is no evidence of any insect infestation , not even bites from fire ants.
 Gary, is this quilt in the same position to her body as it was at the crime  scene ?
Yeah, we brought the quilt and pillow with her as a unit.
 Well, we have something very interesting here. Notice that there is very little  blood on this quilt where it lies against her back. Lee, Get some pictures of this and then help me turn her over so I can see the bottom of the quilt.
When the quilt was positioned so the ME could examine the back, it was found to be saturated with blood. 
 Lee, some more pictures, please.
 Detective, I believe I can safely say that she wasnt killed while lying on this quilt. Some blood would have leached up into the back of the quilt, but not this  much. Apparently, she was leaning against the treesitting directly on the ground while she bled out. Then the killer moved her, positioned the quilt and then her body on the quilt. Thats why so much blood is on the bottomthe quilt wicked  the blood on the ground up into the bottom of the quilt.
 Then he posed her.
 Looks that way.
 What about the pillow?
 I have to study the crime scene photos and trace evidence before I can make a definite determination about the pillow. Ill let you know. Any luck getting an ID on her ?
 Not yet. Weve gotten decent facial photos from the crime scene and other physical stats to the media, faxed them to other law enforcement agencies and  entered them into the databaseno hits so far. The remainder of the autopsy gave no additional information other than her stomach contents which were consistent with the picnic items found at the scene.
Ill get in touch as soon as the lab reports come back, but Ill bet my  paycheck that the toxicology report will be interesting. Exsanguination due to  severed carotids caused her death, but the wounds couldnt have been this neat and precise if she had struggled at all.

Chapter 8

Manda drove into Gulf Shore, Alabama at 7:35 Wednesday evening. She pulled  over to the side of the road to check the route to the Harbor Hotel where a room  was waiting for her. Fatigue had set in several hours earlier so she planned  another soak in the tub, a room service meal and an early night. She wanted to be fresh for the appointment with Mr. Lanier in the morning.
Manda did exactly as she planned and woke at 7:00 AM, full of energy and with  plenty of time for a nice unhurried breakfast. She was very excited but also apprehensive, not knowing details of what awaited her at Mr. Laniers office. 
 She arrived 15 minutes early for her appointment and was greeted and seated by a pleasant and genteel receptionist with a soft  and pleasing Southern accent. After 10 anxious minutes, a silver haired gentleman strode into the office.  
 Manda Harris? At her nod, he introduced himself as her Great aunts lawyer of  many years.
Grace, will you please bring coffee and tea?
Certainly, Mr. Lanier, right away.
 Will you please come back to my office ? I hope you had a pleasant trip, he said as he directed her to a comfortable looking leather chair.
Yes, Mr. Lanier, thank you for inquiring. I had a wonderful trip.
Are you planning on becoming a permanent resident of our rapidly growing  town ?
 Im not completely sure, but I plan on staying quite a while before deciding. I  dont want to make any rash decisions.
 Excellent  idea Miss Harris. I believe youre going to be well pleased by your inheritance.
At that moment , a knock on the door signaled Graces return with the refreshments. After serving them, she returned to her desk.
 Miss Harris, Gulf Shores is a rapidly growing young city and a popular vacation  spot. However, long before our fair city came into existence, land was purchased  by your great aunts ancestors.about 150 years ago. You are now the sole owner of 200 acresprime real estate on the gulf shore, with a private beach, I  might add.
Mandas mouth fell open at the unexpected and stunning news.
 If its acceptable to you, I would like to escort you to see your property at your convenience. It would be so much easier to show you the property rather than trying to tell you about it.
Manda found her voice finally.  Yes, I would like that. We can go at your convenience, however, as I have nothing else on my agenda.
 How about tomorrow? We can enjoy lunch and then view the property. I will meet you in the lobby at 11:15, if that is agreeable.
 That sounds perfect, Mr. Lanier. She gave him the name of her hotel and her room number.
 It has been a great pleasure meeting you, Miss Harris. I look forward to presenting your inheritance to you. Im sure you will be surprised and  delighted.

***

Manda drove back to her hotel in a daze. It was going to take some time to adjust  to this development.
After arriving at the hotel, Manda ordered a light lunch but found that she was too excited to eat much of it. 
She decided that an afternoon of shopping would distract her for a while. She  had lived all of her life on the shore of Lake Michigan on the northern border of Indiana where, more often than not, the breeze coming in from the lake in the  summer and the wind in the winter was chilly or bitter cold, depending on the  season. About the time Manda crossed the line between Kentucky into Tennessee, she had decided a new cooler wardrobe was high on her list of priorities. She had know it would get warmer the further south she traveled, of  course, but the heat was heavy and oppressive. She hadnt anticipated that  particular difference in climate.
Manda stood looking at her purchases spread out on the top of her bed. She had taken notice of the type of clothing other women in the mall had been wearing and had chosen her clothing accordingly. Natural fiber fabrics in light colors had seemed to be the preferred apparel for this climate. Cotton rules, she said aloud. She chose a casual but chic skirt and blouse from her small mix and match wardrobe to wear the next day and put the rest away. The shopping  had distracted her for a while leaving her relaxed and tired.and starving. She recalled how little she had eaten all day, so a meal was the next item on her to do list and the sooner the better, she thought, as she grabbed her purse and left for the hotel dining room.

Chapter 9

Detective Haworth sat at his desk reviewing what meager evidence there was. According to the coroner, she had died less than an hour after she had eaten. However, as the contents seemed to be nothing more than sweets, an actual time of day was difficult to establish on that fact alone.
The temperature of her body when found didnt help much because the exposure to night  temperature, the constant breeze off the Gulf and the humidity probably hastened the cooling.
Rigor mortis had probably been delayed due to the fact that she had bled out quickly. Her body was now in full rigor which meant that she had died at least nine hours earlier. 
Complete lividity was in evidence but it took less time for gravity to pull the remaining blood to the lowest body parts then for full rigor to be established.
There were so many factors to consider when determining time of deathestablishing time was certainly not an exact science. The ME, therefore, tentatively placed the death between 2:00 PM Sunday afternoon and 3:00 Am Monday morning.
 The extremely shaken young jogger, who had been interviewed and cleared as a  suspect, had found her body at approximately 8:30 Monday morning.
The initial blood work and stomach contents were, surprisingly, negative for any foreign substances so more in-depth tests were being run.
Even though the quilt had been placed under the victim post mortem, there was no evidence at the scene, of the body having been moved temporarily in order to  position the quilt beneath her. Apparently the perp had simply rolled her body side to side in order to place it beneath her. If that was the case, the killer should  have been covered with blood, but there was no blood found except in the immediate area of her death. There were no depressions prints or smears on the victims person, bedding, grass, ground or blood soaked areas that indicated that the killer  had stood or kneeledno bloody handprints.
In fact, The only footprints found in the entire crime scene area were those of the Jogger and they clearly ended 13 feet from her body.
The scenario, as it now appeared, was simply impossible.

Chapter 10

Manda hurried excitedly to the lobby. She had been notified by the desk that Mr. Lanier had arrived. What a day this was going to be! 
During her shopping trip the day before, on an impulse, she had purchased a journal to fill with her new experiences. She had spent the rest of the evening recording everything that had happened from the day she left her apartment to the present. 
Now, following a light lunch, Mr. Lanier was leisurely driving her to see her new property. Manda was so keyed up, she was breathless and could only sit and listen as Mr. Lanier presented local points of interest and explained the conception and birth of Gulf Shore. 
 I have taken the liberty of procuring information that should be helpful to you, gesturing toward a large manila envelope lying on the seat of the car.  There are city and county maps, literature printed by the local chamber of commerce detailing just about everything you need to know about our small city. There is a phone directory, a list of medical facilities and physiciansI even subscribed to the local newspaper for you. I hope I didnt overstep my boundaries, Miss Harris.
Not at all. Im sure it will be heavily used and abused by me before Im acclimated to Gulf Shore. Thank you.
The car slowed as Mr. Lanier turned left onto a narrow lane and stopped before a stately closed and locked entrance gate.
  There is no one here to open the gate for us, so excuse me a for a moment while I do the honors.
Mandas breathlessness returned as she took in the fact that she was sitting before a beautifully wrought entrance gate usually found only on estates. A tall brick wall extended from each side and continued further than she could see. The thought flashed through her mind that she had to be daydreaming.no way could this be real.
The lawyer returned to the car after the elaborate gate swung open. 
By the way, there is a list in the envelope of the names of the staff who worked here and how to contact them. Your great Aunt thought highly of them so thats an excellent recommendation for them.
My God, a staff, thought Manda. Panic struck her as she realized that she was in way over her head. I dont have the slightest idea how to run an estate, Mr. Lanier. What am I going to do ?
Dont be concerned. Between your employees and myself, we will teach you everything you need to know. Just sit back and try to relax.
Easy to say.. impossible to do, thought Manda. 
As they followed the lane that wound through the grounds, Manda felt a sense of deja vu as she realized the lane was curving through huge stately trees on either side. The effect reminded her of the B&B where she had stayed in northern Tennessee.
 What kind of trees are these?
 Live oaks, Miss Harris. Theyre very common in the south and frequently used in this manner, especially at the old southern plantations. These are very old trees. By the way, this estate is named, Live Oaks. I admit the name isnt very original but certainly fitting.
They are beautiful. They certainly make a statement, dont they.
 Indeed, they do.
The lane slowly began to widen, splitting into two lanes, which encircled an imposing courtyard then merged in front of the entrance to the main house. The courtyard  was surrounded by a low evergreen hedge. Ivy, planted beneath the hedge, had been allowed to wander onto the  inner perimeter of the courtyard providing a lovely contrast to the flagstones. 
 I had no idea, Manda saidto herself more than to Mr. Lanier.
Somewhat overwhelming, isnt it, he remarked.
Rather than the white clapboard plantation style house to be expected in the south, the entire sprawling mansion was built of some sort of stone. As if reading her mind, Mr. Lanier began talking.
 The owner began building the house in 1855 out of hand hewn quarried stone from this state. The wings were added some 45 years later. Each wing was built primarily for guests and both have two bedrooms, a large parlor with fireplace, and a bath. The main house has a large kitchen, dining room, two parlorsone where visitors were entertained and a larger one for family, a combination library with study, four bedrooms, three baths, a nursery with an attached room for a nanny, several servants quarters, a ballroom and a conservatory. In the basement are a wine cellar and a root cellar. Behind the house is a detached kitchen. There is a carriage house and further out on the grounds, a groundskeepers cottage. There used to be a stable, but it burned about twenty five years ago.
Manda sat in a stupor staring at him; unable to comprehend what he was sayingher mind whirling as she tried to make sense of the words she had just heard.
 I can see you are in a state of shock, Miss Harris. Are you all right ? You have no color in your face. Would you prefer to wait until youve had a chance to adjust to your new circumstances before you tour the house and grounds?
 Yes, please, Mr. Lanier. I cant seem to focus my thinking right now.
 I understand.its quite a surprise for you. If its all right and would be helpful to you, we can stop by my office and Ill give you copies of the blueprints and platt of the property.
 That would be nice. Then Id like to go to my hotel, please.
 Certainly, Miss Harris. Ill have you there shortly.

***

Manda lay on her bed in the throes of a headache. The afternoon had just been too much for her. Why would anyone develop a bad headache after finding herself to be the owner of a vast estate? She should be jumping and squealing with delight.instead she was miserable and praying for the aspirin to take effect. Eventually the medicine eased her headache enough that her exhausted mind and body drifted off to sleep.

Chapter 11

As the blanket of darkness settled over the softness of dusk, Gem stood transfixed by the sight of the majestic mansion that reared three stories tall in the center where the original house stood. The wings swept to each side of the main house angling slightly and gracefully toward the rear. The windows winked as the moonlight found the small imperfections in the old leaded glass. 
Gem loved to gaze at the heart of Live Oaks. 
Through the night it stood strong and protective. Through the day, the magnificent stone work of the house covered in areas with rich climbing foliage gave casual coolness, comfort and welcome.
The breeze picked up and the leaves of the oaks began to rustle. From a distance, a thin keening sound began, sending a current of fear up Gems spine.
Please, not yet, whispered Gem. Please give me more time. Ive worked so long and hard for you. I need a longer rest. Please !
The breeze began to lessen and the keening stopped. Gem turned and walked quickly away from the mansion, hoping that distance would bring a gift of more timea longer respite from the tormentors.

Chapter 12

Gary impatiently grabbed the phone off its cradle. Detective Haworth here.
 Gary , this is Dennis. I got some more tox results back. 
Great ! What did you find?
 Nothingnot a damn thing ! Her blood, so far, is completely normal ! ALL the specimen samples are clean of any foreign substances. Everything, so far, indicates that she was the healthiest body Ive ever done an autopsy on. 
 Thats crazy, Dennis ! No one is going to sit there and let someone cut them without putting up a hell of a fight unless theyre out cold.
What else can I say, man ? Shes as clean as the proverbial whistle !
Go over her again. Maybe you missed a hit on the head or something.
 Have faith in me, Gary. I did examine her again her skin is as clear and clean as a newborn.

Chapter 13

Manda woke feeling much better. The headache was gone and she was feeling more positive about her ability to focus on the extraordinary course of events. She ordered a continental breakfast to be brought to her room and then popped into her shower. Much better, she thought, sitting down to her breakfast, revitalized by her shower. Her plan for today was to study the blueprints of Live Oaks, familiarize herself with the grounds via the platt, visit the courthouse for any additional information she could uncover andmake a list. Manda was a dedicated list maker. It was difficult to function well without one and she certainly wanted to bring efficiency to the table, so to speak. When she felt herself ready, she would make an appointment with Mr. Lanier for a full tour of the estate, etc.
Ruminating over her breakfast, she thought she knew why she had been so frightened yesterday.
She had grown up in a low to medium income suburb on the outskirts of a large industrial city whose smoke stacks spewed clouds of vile smelling ash, grit and smoke. The surfaces of everything within miles were always lightly coated with a film of dust and grit. The houses in her neighborhood looked pretty much the same and the families were living within the same financial status. Everyone had the basic necessities but nothing frivolous. There was no peer pressure experienced among the children. Most mothers were home because the cost of day care was prohibitive.. Dads worked. If the neighborhood children scraped a knee or cut themselves, he or she simply went to the nearest Mom for cleaning, comfort and Band-Aids. That Mom would call the childs mom to report and reassure. Wherever the neighborhood children happened to be playing at lunchtime was usually where they would enjoy lunch. There was always a parent available to baby sit in emergencies.free of charge.  There wasnt a family with, children, in the neighborhood who had a good stand of grass in their back yards. Everyones back yard was automatically a playground.
Moms borrowed sugar , etc., from each other and shared their baked goods and recipes. Parents offered other parents or children their shoulders to cry on and were also there to applaud the success of the others. If illness or tragedy struck, the neighborhood banded together to give solace, food, protectionwhatever was needed by the stricken family. Mandas neighborhood was the perfect place in which to grow. A giant family with a vast support system.
Now, however, she wasnt aided by any support system. She was alone. Her Dad had died some years ago from a work related accident. Her mother eventually remarried but now lived in the north west. Neither she nor Manda had the money to do any thing more than write letters and make an occasional phone call. Manda had no siblings. The only reason she was enjoying the services of this fine hotel was because Mr. Lanier had made all arrangements after reassuring her that money was no object. She had grown up in a great environment for support and encouragement but with no luxuries. Now she found herself an affluent property owner with her only support system being a man she had just met. Her resources had flip flopped. No wonder her new responsibilities frightened the hell out of her. 
Even before she had received the news of a inheritance, she had lived frugally and worked a rather menial job while trying to decide what she wanted to do with her life.  She wanted a higher education and a career but had to decide on a career first. She had several things in mind that would be satisfying but was unable to choose. 
Damn, its my birth sign giving me problems. Why is it that a Libra finds it so hard to make decisions? Why couldnt I have been a fire sign. I could have completed my schooling and had my career by nowprobably even be the  boss ! 
Her whimsical thoughts prompted a dimpled grin and an impatient shake of her head. Manda spent several hours studying the platt and blueprints of the house. A list of observations and questions began to grow. That task completed, she gathered the necessary papers and set off for the courthouse. 

Chapter 14

John Lanier strolled down the sidewalk toward his favorite eatery, Breakfast, Brunch and Lunch. He entered the homey little restaurant and headed for his favorite table, nodding and speaking to friends on his way. Kate, the owner , started toward him. John was a favorite customer and an old friend, dating back to high school. She always personally took his order so they could chat for a minute or so. 
 What looks good today, Kate ?
With a roll of her eyes she said, John, why on earth do you ask me that every single time you walk in that door ? You know damn well this is the week you order a Reuben every day. Next week, itll be homemade barbeque youll be wanting. The only decision you ever have to make is what dessert youre gonna take back to your office so you can spoil your appetite for supper !
 Now Kate, be nice or Ill go some place else.
Sure you will. You know as well as I do that Im the only place in town where you can get a Rueben.
 You know me too well, Kate.
 Hey John, she said with a wink,  who was that cute little darlin riding around  with you yesterday?
 That was Miss Harris  she is attractive, isnt she.
 Is she a local cause I dont recall seeing her before?
 Shes the little lady who inherited the ONeal place. Shes from northern Indiana.
Unease flickered across Kates face and settled in her eyes.
 How did she take the news about that young girl found on her property?
 I havent had a chance to tell her. She was so worn out from her trip that we havent covered any details about anything. Shes going to set up another appointment as soon as shes rested. Ill tell her then.
Kate tightly pressed her lips together and shook her head.  Id be really scared and upset if I was in her shoes. Be careful how you tell her, John.
 As careful as I can be Kate, but theres not much I can do to soften the fact that a murder was committed on her estate.
 Have the police found out anything out yet ?
 I havent heard a thing. Havent seen Gary since it happened. I expect hes pretty busy. 
 Well, keep me up to date, John. Guess I better get back to work and turn your order in or you will go some place else.
 Never, Kate, you do make the only reuben.
Smacking the top of his head, she laughed and turned to go to the kitchen.

Chapter 15

Thanks to the information from Mr. Lanier, Manda readily located the courthouse. Grabbing the old shabby briefcase from the front seat, she started toward the imposing building. Manda entered and was enveloped by much cooler air. Courthouses throughout the USA seemed to be built from the same blueprint and materials, she thought. Walls and floor of marble, which naturally radiate cool air, and a rotunda approximately four stories above her built of domed stained glass. Breathtaking ! The hollow echo of her low heeled shoes bouncing off the walls from all directions was the only sound she heard in the massive building, causing an instant feeling of aloneness.an uncomfortable sensation.
Manda located the Recorders office, entered and almost immediately left, blowing the hair out of her eyes in frustration as she followed the directions to the Accessors office.
Manda approached the golden ager behind the counter.
 HelloaaahMrs. Caseafter a quick glance at her name tag. The Recorders office referred me to you. Im trying to trace all the owners of a particular piece of land.
 Youre in the right place, Honey. Whats the address of the property ?
7249 East Sunset Road.
Why, thats the ONeal estate, isnt it ?
At Mandas nod, the tiny woman pursed her lips and scanned Mandas face in a speculative manner.
 May I ask why youre interested ? Isnt any of my business ; just curious.
 Im Manda Harris. I just inherited Live Oaks from my great aunt. Until a few weeks ago, I didnt know she existed , so Im trying to fill in the gaps by getting all the history that I can about the estate and the owners.
After a few seconds of ticking silence the clerk motioned toward a chair.
 Have a seat; Ill be back in a few minutes.
Manda checked her list as she waited. Next; the clerks office for dates of births, deaths and marriages; finally the Treasurers office for a record of taxes on the estate. Tomorrow morning she would call Mr. Lanier for another appointment.
 I think youll find everything you need in this folder. If you need anything else, just come visit me again.
Manda thanked her and turned to leave.
 Oh, Miss HarrisGood luck.
What a curious thing to say, Manda thought.
Several hours later Manda returned to her hotel with her briefcase filled with her evenings entertainment. Her plan was to surround herself with everything needed  for a physically comfy but mentally exciting eveninglike enjoying a good book. She was anxious to begin reading everything she had found at the courthouse but postponed that for laterher intent was to use the reading to cap off her evening much as a lover of wine would use the finest vintage to end his day. Dinner, followed by an indulgent scented bath, soft music in the background, then curling up in the large chair with hot chocolate and her reading material, a notebook and pencil on the table beside her to jot down questions or to do items.

Chapter 16

At approximately the same time, Detective Haworth sat at his desk at home surrounded by his own reading material with a thermos of coffee at his elbow. His state of mind was very different than Mandas, however.  Plenty of information but nothing that helped bring order out of chaos. Two other deaths in two different states, Georgia and Louisiana had been found through the database, the same MOalmost exact.even the posing with the quilt. Neither of the young women had been IDd and no  evidence was found at the crime scene to identify either the victim or the killer. There had been no insect infestation on them  even though they both had been exposed to the elements for more than a week, in one case approximately two weeks. Three murders six months apart. Gary laid the photos of the victims side by side. All were blond, attractive, and about the same age and build. All had been posed on a quilt placed under them after death. All had worn a tiny symbol painted on their ring fingers.
A very organized serial killer with a very particular agenda was out there somewhere.

Chapter 17

Manda was fascinated. Her grandfather, James Whitman ONeal, had been born at Live Oaks in 1916 followed several years later by the birth of his sister, Nanny May on October 11th, 1920.
Her birthday is the same as mine, murmured Manda with awe.
Manda continued to read. Her grandfather had married Leticia Ann Renfro in 1948. In1952, Mandas mother, Teresa June ONeal was born.
Confusion washed over Mandas face. According to the courthouse records, Mandas grandfather died October 11th in 1998 at the ripe age of 82. 
 This is too much. There has to be a mistake somewhere!
First, all these dates of October 11th ?? That degree of coincidence was hard to believe. Secondly, Mandas mom had said that her dad had died a few years after she had been born in approximately 1955. 
Well. A phone call to Mom is definitely a must ! Theres no point in checking these other dates until I get all this in order. 
She wouldnt be able to talk with her mom until 10:00 PM tonight because  her mom worked as a volunteer at her local hospital every evening. 
 Its going to be a long evening, Manda said aloud.
She tried to read a novel but found she kept having to back track in an attempt to remember what she had read.
Frustrated, impatient and very uneasy for some reason, she decided to pass some time with a walk to take in the local sights before darkness slipped in behind dusk.

Chapter 18

Gem had been walking the grounds of Live Oaks for hours. Being close to the house was soothing as long as darkness wasnt seeping over the estate. Gem had been afraid to be at the mansion during the dark hours since the breeze and the moon had spoken. 
The cemetery near the rear of Live Oaks had been visited and fresh flowers laid at the headstones of the owners who had gone before. Gem had pleaded for  patience and had spoken words of love and reassurance to each one. In response, the air was filled with subtle diversities of sounds and sensations. The gentle weeping of women, masculine sounds of frustration and grief, and underscoring all; the nuance of laughter. Gems flesh felt as though an electrical currant was running through it and the need to leave the estate was overwhelming and immediate. 
 The realization struck that the very air was laden with the approach of darkness coming, clutching the trailing hem of dusk.

Chapter 19

 Mom, Manda here.
 How are you, Hon ? Ive been a little worried.was expecting to hear from you a few days ago. Where are you now ? How can I get hold of you?                                                                                                    
Have you found out any details yet about this Great Aunt and the inheritance ? 
 Well, Im OK, sort of. Im staying at the Harbor Hotel in Gulf Shores in room # 210. The phone number of the hotel is 251-632-1011. Youre not going to believe this, Mom, but the inheritance is a huge estate on the Gulf.
 Good Heavens, Honey! Tell me all!
 I dont know much about it yet. I havent had a tour of the grounds but the place is massive. Im going to call for another appointment with the lawyer in the morning. Ill tour everything and take lots of pictures for you. As soon as Ive seen everything, Ill call you back, OK ?
All rightGuess Ill have to wait but its going to be hard. This is SO exciting!  Im happy for you, Manda.
Im excited too, Mom. AhI do have quite a puzzle here, though. I need to ask you some questions.
OK, Dear.
Have you ever researched our family tree ?
 No; never had the time or inclination. Mom gave me all that information.
Have you ever heard of a Violet Louise Cochran ?
 No, I havent. Who is she ?
 Ill get to that in a few days. I have to do more research at the courthouse and the library. Had you ever heard of Live Oaks before Mr. Lanier contacted me?
 Not a word, Honey. Whats going on ? Youre being awfully mysterious.
 What were the full names of Grandma and Grandpa, Mom ?
 Manda!!! You know their names!
 Humor me, Mom. Ill let you in on everything as soon as I get my facts straight.
Sighing deeply, Mandas mom complied.
Moms name is Katherine Letitia Simpson and Dads name is Whitman James ONeal.
Have you ever seen their birth certificates.
 No. Mom said they were lost years ago. I guess she didnt see any need to get copies. Manda, What on earth??
Mom, please have patience with me. As soon as I get the answers, Ill give them to you.
 But.
Mom, Dont worry. Its nothing horrific, just very very interesting. Ive got to go. Youll be hearing from me tomorrow night or the day after. Ill be carefuleverythings fine. OK?
Another sigh: All right, I love you, Hon.
 I love you too. Bye, Mom.

Chapter 20

The sounds of the graveyard continued long after Gem had left. The moon had risen and the wind had freshened. The bouquets left at the headstones began to turn brown and within minutes had blackened and dried. The wind snapped the dry stems and tore the dried petals from the flowers sending them swirling high into the night sky.
As they broke up and disappeared the weeping and cries of grief and anger grew in volumeas did the laughter.

Chapter 21

Manda pored over all the information trying to make sense of it but was unable to do so. She wrote a list of questions to ask Mr. Lanier and hoped that something in the will would clarify this mess.
She knew that she probably wouldnt get much sleep tonight but at least she could try to relax. To that end, she took a bubble bath and donned her comfy robe and slippers, called room service and ordered black forest cake and hot chocolate.  Bless chocolate, she thought.
While waiting for room service, she switched the television on with the intention of losing herself in a movie.
The movies hadnt begun yetinstead the local 11:00 PM news was on. I suppose Id better begin to watch the local goings on of this fair city, she thought. The picture on the screen was a rather odd one of a young blond woman. The voice of the commentator was asking the viewers to please call the local police department if anyone recognized her. The picture then dissolved into a view of the news man sitting at his desk beginning a different news story. 
A knock on the door signaled the arrival of room service.
A moment later, while enjoying her bedtime snack, it occurred to Manda that the young woman on the news vaguely reminded her of someone. She picked her brain for some time but couldnt come up with a reasonable explanation. A short time later, Manda slipped into her bed and in spite of her earlier concern about being unable to sleep, her eyelids closed right away. Just before she slipped into the abyss of sleep, a face flashed through her mind.
 Susan, the face on the TV screen looked like Susan.
Before she could examine that thought further, she tumbled into the abyss and fell into disturbing and puzzling dreams.

***

Patrick, are we doing the right thing ?
 I dont know, Megan. Weve tried to stop this cycle of evil for so long and in so many ways. All we can do is keep trying and keep praying and protect the innocents as much as we can.
We havent done a very good job of it, Pat.
Now Megan, we managed to stop him for a very long while. That counts for something, doesnt it ?
 Tell that to her and see if she believes us, Meg said, gazing at the restless figure lying on the bed.
 We can only do our best, Meggie darling. Dont worry so. I think we should leave now, go to our private place and enjoy each other.
Meg glanced up at him. Yes, there it was, that mischievous gleam in his blue eyes.
 Patrick, you are a rogue and a scoundrel.only thinking of yourself.
 No Meggie, Im thinking of you too.
With an answering twinkle of her eye, Megan took his hand and gently tugged him toward her.
 Well, Mr. Patrick ONeal, wed best go and see how much youre thinking of me.

***

Manda slowly sat up in bed. Something had awakened her. She thought she had heard the tinkling laughter of a woman, but a glance around the room convinced her that shed been dreaming. Feeling very comfortable and safe, she lay down and drifted back to sleep, hearing again, a light hearted giggle.

***

Manda slept later than usual, awakening with a smile on her lips. She knew she had had several dreams during the night, two of them disturbing, but there had also been one that had left an uplifting feeling.it had been cute and overshadowed the barely remembered other two. 
Manda checked her watch, dismayed that she had slept so long. She reached for the phone and checking his number, dialed Mr. Laniers office.
 Grace answered the phone.
 Good morning. This is Manda Harris. Im calling to set a time for Mr. Lanier to show me the property.
 Hes at the courthouse right now. Ill give him your message as soon as he gets back.shouldnt be too long. Are you in your hotel room.
Yes, Ill stay here until he calls. Thanks.
 Youre welcome, Ms Harris.
Manda couldnt leave her room, so she ordered coffee and a pastry. Now would be a good time to go over the genealogy again to make sure she was prepared for her appointment.
Manda had the papers from the courthouse spread on the coverlet, her pen and notebook beside her.
OK, Here we go.






G.G.Grandfather ( Mandas )         married                        G.G. Grandmother

Patrick Ian ONeill                           1861                          Megan Ann Sheen
Born:  1823--Died  1897                                                     Born:   1843Died:   1905
Place of birth:  Ireland                                                         Place of birth:



G.Grandfather ( Mandas )            married                       G. Grandmother

Colin James ONeill                        1906                          Ester Marie Sinclair
Born:   1866Died   1942                                                Born:   1884Died:   1957
Place of birth:   USA                                                          Place of birth: 



Grandfather ( Mandas )                married                        Grandmother

James Whitman ONeill                 1948                           Violet Louise Cochran
Born:   1916Died  1998                                                  Born:   1931Died:  1953 
Place of birth:   USA                                                           Place of birth:


                                  Jamess  Sister
                                  Nanny May ONeill
                                  Born:  10-11-1920---Died:   6-14-2004



Mother  ( Mandas )                    married                          Father

Teresa June ONeill                      1980                            Charles Lee Harris 
Born:   1952                                                                       Born:   1949Died:   1995
Place of birth:                                                                     Place of birth:






Manda June Harris
Born:   10-11,1984
Place of birth:   Gary, Indiana  USA  




Teresas Mom ?  Aunt ?  Who ?     Will be approximately 18 years older than Teresa.born approximately 1934

Katherine Letitia Simpson   ONeill  ????
Born:  ?Died:  ?
Place of birth:  ?



Patrick Ian ONeill sailed from Ireland to America in 1839 at age 16
Live Oaks built by Patrick at age 32
Construction:  1853 to 1855
Married Megan at age 38Megan was 18
Had Colin at age 43



Colin James ONeal born at Live Oaks
Married Ester at age 40Ester was 22
Had James at age 50
Had Nanny May at age 54Jamess sisterMandas Great Auntspinster 



James Whitman ONeill born at Live Oaks
Married Violet at age 32Violet was 17
Had Teresa at age 36


Teresa June ONeill
Born at Live Oak  ( she doesnt know thathas no accurate knowledge of ancestors)
Married Charles at age 28Charles was 31
Had Manda at age 32
Lost Charles ( work accident ).he was 46Teresa was 43Manda was 11
Married Franklin Louis Wembly in 1998 at age 46


Manda June Harrisage 20
Born Gary, Indiana
No siblings
No love interest






What a mess. I hope Mr. Lanier can clear this up for me!
She had started double checking her list of questions and her to do list when Mr. Lanier returned her call.
 Grace gave me your message, Ms Harris. The matter that I was working on this morning has been postponed so I have free time this afternoon. Would 2:00 be OK?
That will be great.
Fine, Ill pick you up at 2:00 then.

Chapter 22

 Samthis is Gary Haworth.
 Hey Gary, what are you up to. Good to talk to you, unless this is business instead of pleasure.
 Afraid its business, pal. I know when Im in over my head and need help.
 What ya got ?
 I think Ive got a serial killer with a peculiar MO. Id say an impossible mo. I pulled two more murders up from the database that have to be by the same perp. Plenty of strange evidence but nothing that helps. No ID on the vics. Ive flooded the media with information, but no info coming back at me.
 You want me in on this?
 Dammit Sam, you know I dont have an ego problem. I can handle working with you guys. I need some fresh ideas here and some identifications.

 OK, Gary. Fax me everything you have and Ill get on it right away.
 Thanks, old buddie.
 No sweat. Ill call as soon as I come up with anything.
Gary hung the phone up but continued to sit, staring off into space. There had to be other resources he could tap. He just had to figure out what they were.

Chapter 23

Manda was relaxed on this second trip to Live Oaks. Being more familiar with the history and lay out of the house, her feelings were of curiosity and anticipation. Her camera slung over her shoulder and her briefcase full of documents along with her list of questions, made her feel in control and prepared for just about anything. As the car pulled up to the front of the mansion, Manda was able to see it through different eyes as being familiar instead of intimidating.
Mr. Lanier, who had been quiet during the trip approached the entrance fidgeting with the keys. Mandas impression was that they had reversed positions. He seemed nervous while she felt self assured.
As the huge door swung open, Manda caught her breath in surprise and delight. She walked into the huge foyer and slowly turned in a circle taking it all in. The ceiling of the foyer towered three stories above her. The entire wall where the entrance door was located, was of very rough hewn stone soaring the total height to the ceiling. Massive iron sconces holding huge candles were on both sides of the great door. Past the sconces on each side of the door were tall arched windows, three on each side, large enough that they covered the entire length of the wall. All along the base of the windows were low pedestals holding large urns meant for plants. The walls of the foyer curved up and in,  to form a center arch in the middle of the ceiling from which hung an enormous intricately wrought metal chandelier. The other walls were finished in a rough surfaced stucco effect painted medium grey. Due to the textured surface, the light from the windows and chandelier caused the  walls to appear to be a mix of several shades of grey. 
The floor of the foyer appeared to be wooden tiles set in a diamond pattern. The color treatment of the floor was very unusual and beautiful. It looked as though several stains of different colors had been applied one on top of another and blended in a random pattern. 
The effect was of antiquing with blended shades of dark grey, dark forest green and midnight blue. Burnished to a rich deep gleam, it was magnificent. All the doorways leading from the foyer were arched and framed with the same stone used on the entrance wall. 
Toward the rear and center of the foyer, a sweeping staircase with massive intricately carved spindles and banister, rose to the second floor level, then divided to form a balcony that circled the foyer. Ornate doors that were finished to match the flooring led off the balcony hall to rooms around the perimeter of the foyer. 
Between each door was a sconce matching the ones by the entrance door. The colors and textures of the foyer produced a combination of coolness, warmth and comfort. Amazing that all three were felt at the same time. 
Manda, awed by the beauty, decided the rest of the house must pale in comparison to this, but she was wrong. The flooring was the same throughout the house, except in the kitchen, conservatory and bathrooms which were tiled in stone from Mexico. The house was wealthy with huge arched windows that allowed light to flood each room. No gloom and doom in this house, thought Manda. Beautifully carved wood moldings enriched each room and fireplaces of different styles abounded throughout the house. There were wall niches in almost every room for lovely displays. Built in bookcases filled three walls of the study and library. Lovely sconces and chandeliers were everywhere. The kitchen and bathrooms were completely modern as to performance but designed to blend with the rest of the houses decor.
 The plumbing, heating, cooling and electricity are much more than adequate and very well maintained, Ms Harris. The fireplaces are checked every year and kept in working order. The entire place is checked every Spring for any necessary repairs, etc. If, however, you find anything you want done, contact me.
 Thank you, Mr. Lanier.
 If youre ready, we can drive to my office and take care of the rest of the formalities.
 That will be fine. Lets do it.

Chapter 24

 Gary, Sam here. I have a few questions.
 Hope I have the answers!
 The quilt that was under heris there anything unusual on it? The reason Im asking is the quilt under the vic in Louisiana has a strange symbol sewn into the corner of the underside. Ive requested this same info from the other crime scene in Georgia but I havent heard back yet.
 Nothing special has been noted about the quilt, Sam, but Ill check.
 Was her body in the vicinity of waterriver, pond, whatever?
 Yeah, the Gulf was about 300 feet away from her body.
 She had a gold star on her fingernail, right, Gary?
 Right, whats the deal here?
 WELL, my lady here was found by the Mississippisilver moon on her fingernail. Im waiting on the stats from Georgia.
 Weird.
 Yep. Do me a favor, Gary. Take several pics of the quilt. If you find any unusual markings, take some shots of that too and fax everything to me.
 Will do . Talk to you later.

Chapter 25

Manda sat at the desk across from Mr. Lanier.
 Before we start with other business, I have some 
confusing facts I hope you can help me with.
 Ill try.
 I went to the courthouse and got a list of previous owners and all the records of my ancestors that they had recorded. Some of the information doesnt match what Mom knows. Maybe you know something that will straighten this out. Im supposed to call Mom tonight and Id like to be able to ease her mind.
Thats interesting. What are the conflicting facts? Manda pull her reference list out of her purse and looked it over.
 Mom doesnt remember Live Oaks at all. She was told that her Dad, who she knows as Whitman James ONeal, died in 1955, a few years after she was born. The courthouse records state that his name was James Whitman ONeal and that he died in 1998.
 Mom says that her moms name is Megan Katherine Simpson but a woman named Leticia Ann Renfro is listed as Moms mother in the records. I asked Mom if she had ever seen any birth certificates and she said that she hadnt.
 This is a very interesting turn of events. Let me make a copy of your paper and Grace and I will get on it right away. 
Thanks, Mr. Lanier.
 Dont thank me yet. Ill keep you informed on what we learn.
After Grace made a copy and returned the original, Manda asked if they were finished for the day.  
 Oh, I almost forgot. This is rather important.
Manda sat, puzzled by the strange look on his face.
Mr. Lanier stood and walked over to the window with his back to Manda. She saw his shoulders rise in a deep sign as he turned to face her.
 Dont be alarmed if the police come to see you.
 Excuse me ?
The local police may want to ask you some questions.
What.Why ?
Mr. Lanier swung toward the window again for a few seconds buying a little time to come up with the right words. He didnt want to frighten her but he knew the news would do just that.
 Manda, may I call you Manda ? At her nod, he continued. Last Monday morning, the body of a young woman was found on the edge of your property.
Her mouth fell open in shock
 She had been murdered.
 Oh, My God, are you sure ?
 Afraid so, Manda.
 Who was she ? Who did it ?
 So far, there are no answers. The police are working on it, of course.
 Mr. Lanier.
 Call me John, please, if you dont mind.
 John, how far from the housewhere was she found 
exactly ? I feel awful for asking these things. I meanA woman died and Im asking these kinds of questions, but Im terrified!
 Try not to be, Manda. The house and grounds have excellent security systems connected directly to the police station. If it would help, you can get guard dogs and hire a guard. You have the financial means to do so. If you like, I can contact Sheriff Turner and inquire about a guard and the dogs.
 Please, John, right now. Im not going to set foot on the place until thats been taken care of.
 Right away, Manda. May I take you to your hotel? Ill call you as soon as I have everything arranged. You may want to get in touch with the staff. Im sure youll feel safer if others are there with you. They were retained by your great aunt a number of years ago and they are completely trustworthy.
 Yes, Ill do that right away. As soon as I get to the hotel.
The ride back to the hotel was silent. Manda could feel anxiety building along with her fear. She opened the door to her room with trembling hands and entered.

***

He had given her the formal reading of the will, plus a list of all she had to do, with his help, for the legal transfer of property, insurance claims and outstanding debtsof which there were few. Included with the will were two envelopes addressed to her and closed with wax seals. One appeared to be a letter. The larger one gave no hint as to its contents. 
 I believe these are yours, Ms. Harris, and had handed her a large heavy key ring holding numerous keys.
Ive labeled each one for you. I know you are going to enjoy getting to know your property.ah.after the necessary arrangements have been made. If you need anything, anything at all, feel free to call me.
Manda flopped onto her bed over come by all that had happened the last few days. She lost out in her attempt to control her feelings and the tears began. She cried out of confusion, fear and loneliness until she fell into a troubled sleep.

Chapter 27

Voluminous waves thundered onto the beach casting seashells, seaweed and even man-o-war onto the sand before it retreated, only to be sucked into the next wave about to pound the shore. A great storm out in the Gulf was responsible for all this fury, thought Gem. The sound of the crushing waves had drawn him to the bluff. He had been wandering the grounds for an hour or so enjoying the solitude. As he had begun strolling to the great live oak so he could feel the essence of Karyn, he had heard the tumult of the water. The drama unfolding before him heightened his awareness of her presence. A heavy sadness settled over and enveloped him. He bent his head in shame and clenched his fists in bitterness.

Chapter 28

Gary was too impatient to wait so he grabbed the phone from its cradle. He had faxed the pictures and comments to Sam, but in an investigation, time lost meant opportunities lost. This case was getting so damn complicated and downright strange, it was giving him nightmaresduring his sleep AND while awake. 
 Sam, good buddy, Gary here. Have you gotten the fax ?
 Yep. You know this case is getting way out in left field, dont ya ?
 I know, its driving me batty. Thats why Im calling. I didnt want to wait for your take on it any longer than I had to. What do you think ? Have you heard from Georgia yet?
 Heard from them about an hour ago, Gary. Dont know about the quilt yet but everything else is a go. Theres a striking resemblance to the other victims. Blond, etc., same MO even to the estimated time of death as the other twowee hour of the morning. Found on the shore overlooking the Gulf and get thisa gold sun painted on her ring finger ! Can you believe this warped creep with his weird MO!!
 Sam, I believe just about anything any more. The symbol on the quilt didnt show up in the pictures very well so I sent you a drawing of it. Oh Another quirk to this case from the Outer Limits. Sandy, our dispatcher, noticed something interesting. She saw the picture of the quilt. Seems one of her hobbies is quilting. She says the pattern used in the quilt is, are you ready for this?
 Hit me with it.
 The pattern is called the Alabama Star.
 Youre shitting me, right ?
 Nope, she says that every state has its own star pattern. You better check out the other two. Another thing about quilters. They always deliberately make a mistake while theyre sewing it.
 Why in holy hell would they do that, Gary ?
 Its some old tradition about nobody being perfect, so there has to be a little mistake. Do you suppose thats why the symbols there? Maybe it could be the perps signature too.
 I have no idea, Gary. What I know about quilts and quilters isnothing! Ask your dispatcher what all she knows about quilts and get back with me. When I get any news from Georgia, Ill call. Im going to send a picture of my symbol too. See if your dispatcher can identify it.
Right away, Sam. 

Chapter 29

 Manda, Mr. Lanier here.
 Hello, any news today? How are the arrangements for additional security going ?
 Thats one of the reasons I called. I spoke with Sheriff Turner and he recommended a Stanley Brand. Stanley trains dogs for security purposes and also for the local canine unit. He thinks that one of his handlers, a young fellow, wants to make some extra money and he may be interested in taking one of the shifts as a guard. Stanley is still looking for two men to cover the other two shifts. He doesnt think itll take long to find them though.
 Thank you, that takes a burden of worry off my mind.
 Ill let you know as soon as its completely set up. I know you want to be able to go to Live Oaks whenever you want.
 On the other matter, Manda, Grace and I have been unable to find any other information that will clear up the genealogy issues. Were still working on it though. Im sorry things seem to be moving so slowly.
 Thanks, Mr. Lanier. Dont worry , slow is more my speed, anyway.
 I hope to call you later today with the news that the security staff is set up for you. Until then, have a good day, Manda.
You too, John. 

***

  Hi Mom, I told you Id call.
 Hi Sweetheart. Are you ok?
 Im fine, stop worrying.
Manda, You know how I am. I cant help but worry. Thats what Mothers do.
 I know, Mom, but try to stifle it as much as you can.
 Ill try, but dont expect too much. What have you found out, Manda?
Nothing. Mr. Lanier is going to find all the information he can, but he didnt know anything other that what the courthouse records say. There is no record of Grand moms birth and Granddads name isnt right. His first and middle names are reversed. PLUS, his death is recorded as 1998.
 Thats crazy, honey !
 I know Mom. Will you do me a favor and find out everything you can about Dad? His family, etc.
 I will, but I dont know why it matters. 
 I dont either. Its just a feeling I have, Mom.
 Lets talk about something else, Manda. This is too bizarre!
 OK, I mailed a bunch of pictures of the house this morning but youre going to have to see it for yourself. The pictures dont come close to showing how magnificent and huge it is. Its the most beautiful house Ive ever seen ! Is there a chance you can fly out to see it soon ?
 Ill try, but I have to save a little money first.
Mom, Im not sure yet but money worries may be a thing of the past.
 Good Heavens, Manda. I dont know if I can take all this in or not !
 I feel the same way. Oh yeah, when Mr. Lanier read the will, he gave me two envelopes from Great Aunt Nanny May. I havent opened them yet. Maybe something in those will make some sense out of these mysteries.
I hope so, honey. When are you going to read them ?
 Tonight, Mom. Im hungry so Im going to wait until after supper. Theyll be this evenings entertainment.
 Well, let me know. Im almost demented from curiosity. Ill get to work on your dads family right away.
 Thanks Mom, wish me luck. Ill call you tomorrow. Bye, Momand dont worry.
Be careful. Love you Manda.
 Love you too.

Chapter 30

John pushed the door to the police station open and entered, heading for the front desk. 
Jenny looked up.  Hey, John. What you doing here ?
 Id like to speak with Detective Haworth if hes available.
 Hes the 2nd door on the left down that hall. Anything wrong ?
 I just have some questions for him. Thanks, Jenny.
 No prob.
He walked down the hall and tapped on the open door. Detective Haworth was standing studying some pictures on the wall. He glanced toward the door at the tapping. 
 John, nice to see you.
 Do you have a few minutes, Gary ?
 Sure, I need a break from this anyway. Want some coffee ?
 No thanks. Do you have anything yet on the murder at Live Oaks ?
 Nothing that I can share with you and theres damn little of that.
 Reason I ask is Nanny ONeals great niece is in town. She inherited everything from Nanny. Shes staying at a hotel now because shes terrified to be at Live Oaks until she has some security out there. Im making arrangements for guards and dogs for her.
 Well, I dont blame her for wanting to be protected ! Can you give me some information about her?
 Manda June Harris. She seems nice but overwhelmed about her inheritance. I get the impression that shes never had much, financially speaking. Shes only 20, comes from northern Indiana and had no knowledge about any family here. I told her that you might be calling on her.
 Wheres she staying ?
 Harbor Hotel, room 210. Be easy with her, Gary. Shes the nervous type.
 Ill be Mr. Nice, OK ?
 Good. The main reason I dropped in is to ask if you can put a regular patrol on the property ?
 Did thata car goes through there 3 times a day.
 Great ! Ill tell her right away. Thatll ease her mind too.
 Thanks for coming by, John. Ill visit her right away.
 See you, Gary. Good luck.
Gary walked to the window to gaze out at nothing and jammed his hands in his pockets. This is just grand, he thought, something else to muddy the waters of this investigation.

Chapter 31

Manda dropped the two envelopes on the bed and stretched out on her stomach, propping herself on her elbows in order to examine the contents in comfort. Her pot of coffee sat on her bedside table along with her bedtime snack. She had decided that coffee was necessary to keep her alert for a while. Her ever ready tablet and pen lay at her side.
She carefully opened the smaller envelope first. Inside was a letter signed by, glancing at the signature, Great Aunt Nanny May. It was written in bold script and dated October 11, 2003.
This date thing is getting too, too weird, thought Manda.

Dear Manda,
   I sincerely wish that we could have met, but for reasons you will discover in my journal, I didnt think it was the wise thing to do.
Obviously, as you are reading this letter, I have passed on and Mr. Lanier has contacted you. Trust him, Manda, he is a good and honorable man and he will do his very best for you. Im sure he feels he has know you for a long time as we have had many discussions about you over the years. I have kept track of you and your family for practically all my life. Not in an intrusive way and not for hurtful reasons. I just wanted to make sure that you were safe and happy. I was afraid that any awareness of my existence would be harmful to you and your parents. I realize that all of this sounds very ominous, but it is necessary that you know this familys history. The easiest way is for you to read my journal. I worked diligently to put everything that I knew into it for you to read.
Now, on to some practical matters. I decided long ago that it was best for you if I disposed of the furniture in the great house, so I arranged an auction abut 5 years ago. The monies raised from it were put back into the estate. There is one small room in the house, however, that I left undisturbed. In that room, all of the children of the ONeal family were born. I strongly advise, no-I command you to leave it undisturbed and locked. Do not enter the room.
In the other envelope, you will find a key to my safety deposit box, in which I have kept my journal. You will also find detailed information about our family. Study it well. There is also an amount of currency, sufficient to establish yourself in comfort until such time as the will is processed. I took the liberty of including a list concerning my staff, should you choose to reinstate them as your staff. I hope you do. They are honest and hardworking. They have served me well. They are, of course, familiar with the house and its rhythms and will greatly simplify for you, the care and operation of the house.
Contact Mr. Lanier if any problems regarding maintenance of the property or any financial problems arise.
I hope with all my heart and mind that your life here will be a happy and trouble free life. As much as I am able, on my present plane of existence, I will guide you and protect you. Be careful, but fear as little as possible.
Your loving,
 Great Aunt Nanny May



Manda read the letter three times in an attempt to find comfort and excitement instead of anxiety and fear but failed miserably. 
 DammitDammit! Why cant this be a simple straight-forward inheritance from a beloved and loving relative. Why all the haunted house frigging smoke and mirror shit !
In a fit of temper, she swept everything onto the floor and jumped off the bed, grabbing the telephone. Glaring at a number jotted down on her notepad, she punched in a call to Mr. Lanier.
Manda practically shouted when she heard the receiver lifted, Mr. Lanier, What the HELL is going on ?
After a few seconds of silence, Who is this please ?
Manda, its Manda!
 Manda, whats wrong?
Everything is whats wrong! I need to see you as soon as possible and I WONT be put off !
Manda, calm down and tell me what the problem is.
Have you read this letter my Great Aunt wrote!
No Manda, that is a personal letter from her to you.
You HAVE to read it. Its scared the hell out of me and I want to know what this is all about !
 Manda..MANDA, OK.can you be at my office at 7:00 in the morning. I would see you at a more reasonable time but tomorrow is going to be a very hectic day for me.
 Ill be thereon the button!
Manda flopped into the easy chair and grabbed her pecan pie comfort food.
Baby, youve got your work cut out for you tonight, she muttered as she took her first bite.

***

DECEMBER  2004

Hovering silently in a corner of her room, Patrick and Megan had been listening and watching as Manda reacted to the letter and to Mr. Lanier. As Manda forked another bite of pie into her mouth and began to chew with a vengeance, they turned toward each other with delighted grins on their faces and giving each other a high five and a thumbs up toward Manda, they rose toward the ceiling and vanished. Whispers barely found Mandas ears as they celebrated. This one is very strong, Megan.
Shes going to be fine, Patrick. She has SPUNKin capital letters !

***

Manda glanced up as she thought she heard an infectious laugh and a faint but exuberant Yes !

Chapter 32


Manda had barely slept  and the bed linens looked as though theyd been tossed around at a slumber party. She grabbed her briefcase, whipped through the door and managed to reach the elevator before the door slid closed. As she bounced on her toes during the ride down, she realized that her agitation was as great, or even greater, than the night before. 
Disbelief, confusion and rage fought for supremacy. 
Get a grip, Manda. Behaving like a child in a tantrum is not a good or productive thing.
By the time she parked her car by the lawyers office, the only visible sign of her feelings was a tautness of her muscles, giving her a rigid and unbending stance. Striding toward the office, she almost collided with her target.
Mr. Lanier stepped aside to let Manda enter before him and signaling Grace to bring coffee, he followed Manda to the door of his office. She brushed past him after he opened the door, slinging her briefcase on his desk.
 Please open the briefcase and read the confounded letter, she said abruptly, as she perched on the edge of a chair. Mr. Lanier shot her a quizzical look as he opened the briefcase and extracted the letter. His facial expressions were priceless as he read. Amusement followed consternation and ending with amazement. 
Commands you not to enter the room!!, he said as his eyebrows arched in disbelief.
 Manda, I dont know what to say. I dont blame you for your reactions to this. This is a very mysterious and frightening letter. Its strange, your Great Aunt didnt strike me as being an eccentric, paranoid person. She has always seemed to be very grounded and realistic. However, this letter seems to indicate otherwise.
 How could you have come to the conclusion that she was well grounded? She was living in an empty house. She auctioned the furniture off 5 years ago!!
 She didnt live in the main house, Manda.
 Where did she live, Manda asked with surprise in her voice and on her face.
 In the old carriage house.
 Excuse me ?
 She had it renovated into a cottage A very nice little cottage, I might add.  May I make a copy of this letter?
A few seconds lapsed before Mandas mind caught up with the question.
 Of course, she said with a rather blank look on her face.
Mr. Lanier left the room and returned a moment later with the original letter, handing it to Manda.
 Mr. Lanier, I want to go to the bank as soon as arrangements can be made with the auditor. I want to get her journal.
Ill have Grace get on that right away and shell call you and give you the appointment time with the bank.
 Is security arranged?
 I expect to get a call today. When do you want them to start ?
 Yesterday. I want to be able to go to Live Oaks and check out the cottage where she lived for the last 5 years.
 Im very sorry, Manda. I have no idea at all about whats going on but Ill do anything I can to help you find out .
Id appreciate that very much. Ill expect a call from Grace very soon. Im sorry to be so short with you, but I have no other target handy. I know Im being childish, but it seems that something that should be simple and good is complicated and threatening instead. Im really upset and angry about it.
 I understand. Im upset by the whole thing too. Im sorry to seem rude, but I have to get to the courthouse. Try not to be too upset. Im sure theres a reasonable explanation. 
 Yeah, we just have to find it, Manda replied.
When Manda reached the side walk and headed for her car, she noticed a restaurant about a half block away.  She strode toward it thinking that breakfast someplace other than the hotel would give her a break from her present routine. 
God knows I need one.
Breakfast, Brunch and Luncha cute name. She pushed the door open and entered. She stood just inside the door and looked around, noticing how neat and cheery it was with the morning sun high lighting the interior. 
An older woman approached Manda , her face brightened by a smile. 
 Good morning, Im Kate, is there a particular place youd like to sit?
By a window, please.
Kate directed her to a small table by one of the windows. 
Would you like a few minutes to look over the menu.
 I believe so but I would like some coffee as soon as possible. I havent had my morning fix.
Kate laughed, Coming up. Do you take cream?
 Yes, lots. Thanks.
Manda studied the restaurant again. It wasnt very large but it was comfortable and inviting. The tables were covered with cloths of gingham, each in a different color with matching napkins. The seats of the hand carved wooden chairs had matching cushions. In the center of each table was a small wooden lazy Susan carved to match the chair, on which stood tiny hand painted pottery containers to hold the necessary spices and condiments. 
Instead of curtains, foliage plants in hanging containers softened the windows. The walls were decorated with charcoal sketches, watercolors and oil paintings depicting what appeared to be points of local interests. What looked to be explanatory plaques hung beneath each.  
Ill have to check them out before I leave, Manda thought.
There were perhaps a dozen customers. Several couples, several men seated alone and one large table at which sat three old timers enjoying what appeared to be a morning ritual of talking, teasing, and laughing.
Manda glanced over the menu and chose a simple meal of eggs, bacon, biscuits and the ever present Southern grits.
Kate returned with her coffee, none to soon. Manda ordered and then relaxed, gazing out the window and sipping her coffee. 
This was a good ideaI needed to relax, she thought to herself.
No sooner had that thought crossed her mind when she felt a sudden slight inner jolt, startling her and causing a little coffee to slosh over the rim of her cup. At first, it felt a little unpleasant but quickly subsided. She felt a little more energized and decided her coffee had quite a kick to it.
Kate brought her breakfast and Manda felt suddenly ravenous. The food was delicious and Manda decided that she would have to make this a weekly outing. 
Her table cleared, Manda leaned back to enjoy her second cup of coffee having forgotten entirely the sensation she had felt earlier. As Manda was placing the tip on the table, Kate walked over and told Manda that her breakfast was on the house. 
Surprised, Manda looked up at the older woman.
 If Im not mistaken, you are a new resident of our little town and as the owner of this restaurant, and a neighbor, I want to welcome you.
 Why, thank you so much. This is very nice of you.
We enjoy spoiling our customers, Kate said with a wide smile.
Im very glad to meet you, Kate. My name is Manda Harris, and I think youre going to see me here a lot. Your food is great and you have a delightful place.
 Thank you. We do try hard to please our customers. Are you by any chance Nanny Mays great niece?
 Yes, I am. How did you know?
 Follow me.
Kate led her over to one of the pictures on the wall. Manda recognized it at once. 
Why, thats Live Oaks !
 There are several artists in our community. Nanny and I were friends for years and when I got the idea of using local scenes on the walls, I asked her if I could have an artist paint Live Oaks.
Manda noticed two photographs, one on each side of the painting. One was a vintage sepia color photo of a young woman. The one on the other side was a modern photo of an elderly woman.
 Your great aunt at ages 16 and  83.
Manda drew a quick breath. As she had hoped, Nanny May had rich dark hair. It was very long and pulled back on the sides but a few loose strands around her face indicated curls. She had a faint smile on her face. Manda couldnt tell the color of her eyes but they were obviously very light. She was looking straight into the camera and the effect on Manda was mesmerizing. 
Moving to the other photograph, Manda saw a silver haired woman with curls on top of her head. This one was in color, so Manda could clearly see  very light blue-grey twinkling eyes with laugh lines at the corners. A wide smile disclosed deep dimples. 
In the picture of her as a young girl, she appeared to be a timid young woman where-as in the other photo, her eyes sparkled with intelligence and her smile broadcast an enjoyment and love of life.
 She was a wonderful woman and friend, Ms Harris. I can see a lot of her in you. Thats why I felt that you were related to her. If you ever want to talk about her, just let me know and well talk so much about her that she will return to haunt me!
 Ill do that, Kate. Im so curious about her and Live Oaks.
 When youre ready, call me. Ill whip up a picnic and well make a day of it.
 As soon as I get all the legal technicalities taken care of, well do it! I cant wait to hear all about my great aunt.

Chapter 33

 Gem wandered  along the beach, pausing every now and then to pick up a particularly pretty shell or to gaze out to sea. The water was calm today with shallow slow moving waves that seemed no more than ripples creeping in to tag the shore . He climbed the gentle rise to the top of the low bluff, sitting on the edge with his legs hanging over the edge. He felt tired today, as though he hadnt slept through the night. 
Gem decided that his fatigue was caused by seeing the new one for the first time. He had needed no one to point her out or tell him who she was. He knew as soon as he walked into the roomeven before he turned toward her, he had felt her. Intense energy that reached toward him and pulled the energy from his body to hers. He remembered the instant fear that had skittered up his spine replacing the life force she had sucked from him. The thought had ricocheted throughout his brain that she could become stronger than he. He had looked away from her face, terrified that she would feel him and turn to capture his stare. He sighed at the thought of the struggles he would have to ndurethose within himselfand those between she and he.

Chapter 34

A fax was waiting on Garys desk when he returned from lunch. Several photographs and a memo from Sam. 

Quilt is Star of Georgia pattern. Other photo is of symbol on back of quilt. Still no ID on vic.

Chapter 35

When Manda arrived back at the hotel, the desk clerk hailed her.
 Ms. Harris, I have a message for you. It came in about an hour ago, he said as he handed an envelope to her. 
She sat in a chair in the lobby and opened the message.

 Manda, 

Tried to call several times but was told you were out. Im letting you know that security team is now in place. Ive had no luck getting any further information regarding our latest conversation. 

Call if you want more details about security.

John Lanier

Manda called his office and asked Grace to please have Mr. Lanier give her a  complete resume and personal history of each guard, knowledge on the training and expectations of canine security and any thing about these particular dogs that would be guarding her property.
 Grace told her that she would give the message to Mr. Lanier immediately. 
After the call ended, Manda sat down with her pad and pen and began to update her list of information acquired and things she needed to do. As she reviewed her list, she realized it was getting much longer as she was having to add to it faster than she was able to cross things out. A deep sigh was interrupted by a brisk knock on the door. 
Manda was startled  and puzzled. Housekeeping had already cleaned the room and she hadnt ordered room service. Not knowing what to expect, Manda looked through the fish eye and was startled to see  a badge being held so that she could view it. It appeared to be a police badge. Adrenalin rushed into her bloodstream causing her heart to race and anxiety to soar.
 Ms. Harris, Im Detective Haworth. Im investigating the homicide that took place on your property. Id like to ask you a few questions, if you please.
Manda was gripped with uncertainty.
 How do I know youre who you claim to be?
 Jot down my name and badge number; then call the police department. Theyll verify.
Manda looked at his badge again, writing his number down with a slightly shaky hand.
 What did you say your name is ?
 Detective Gary Haworth; H-a-w-o-r-t-h.
 Thank you. This will take a minute.
 Thats fine, Im in no hurry.
Manda  verified his identity, and with some embarrassment, opened the door allowing him to enter.
 Im sorry, Mr.AhDetective Haworth, but I have to be careful.
 No problem, Ms Harris; I hope you continue to be careful.
 Would you like to have a seat, Manda said, gesturing toward a chair.
 Thank you, he said , as he settled himself, pulling a small notebook and pen from his pocket.
Manda surreptitiously took in his appearance as he sat. About six feet tall, brown eyes, thick wavy auburn hair that most women would kill for; all of this masculinity topping a lean body.
When her eyes had traveled back to his face, she realized that he had caught her scrutinizing him. A bright flush bloomed on her cheeks when she noticed a quirk tugging at one corner of his mouth. Luckily for her, his demeanor changed into a rather stern expression.
Stern, I can handle, she thought.
 What do you want to know, Detective ? I really dont think Im going to be able to help you. Ive only been here a few days. I didnt hear about the murder until yesterday.
He glanced at her with stern but liquid eyes. Is it possible to have stern and liquid at the same time, Manda wondered.
 You may have knowledge that you dont realize you have. We have to check all the angles, Ms Harris.
I understand; in that case, I hope I have some information that you can use.
Where did you get the information about the homicide ?
My lawyer, Mr. John Lanier; hes the executer of my great aunts estate.
I understand that you have inherited from Nanny May.
Thats right.
Tell me a little about yourself, Ms Harris.
Well; Im 20, born and raised in Gary, Indiana. Mr. Lanier, called me last month about my Great Aunt. Sohere I am. That about covers it.
When is the last time you were in contact with Nanny May?
Ive never been in contact with her. Until Mr. Lanier called, I didnt know about her.
He arched a brow as he wrote the statement on his pad.
Nothing at all? Live Oaks?
No; Nothing about her or Live Oaks.
What about your parents ? Did they know of her?
No; Mom didnt know about her or the estate. Ive spoken with Mom on the phone several times and no one in the family knew of her. This has come as a complete surprise for all of us.
What about your dad ?
Dads been dead for many years, but he had never mentioned her or Live Oaks. I have asked Mom to check out Dads ancestors but we havent spoken since. Ill call her later to see if shes discovered anything unusual.
Why do you feel that there might be something unusual, Ms Harris ?
Manda began to fidget nervously.
Well, I went to the courthouse the other day to check our genealogy since no one knew of this branch of the family. The records didnt match what Mom knows of our family. I thought something might show up in Dads ancestors. 
And did it?
Mom hasnt called me back yet; so I dont know.
Be sure to give me a call after she calls you. 
I will. Mr.AhDetective Haworth, are you close to solving the homicide?
Lowering his head a little, he replied, the investigation is progressing, of course, but I dont have any information I can give you at this time.
In your opinion, do you think its safe for me to go to Live Oaks? Mr. Lanier has set up more security on the grounds. Dogs and around the clock security guards. Do you think its safe for me to be out there?
I cant give you 100% guarantee. I can tell you that we have a patrol checking the property frequently, if thats any consolation. The murder took place on the beach, quite a way from the main house. Its possible that it was a murder of opportunity committed by someone walking the beach. Its very possible that the crime was not connected to your property at all. However, I ask that you let me know when you decide to move in. Also, if you see or hear anything that you think suspicious, call me.
With that, he handed her his card and rose from the chair. 
Ill be calling you if I have any other questions, Ms Harris.
 She walked behind him to the door. Yep, at least 6 feet, she thought.
Ms Harris, please dont hesitate to call, should you need anything.
 Thank you, Detective Haworth, I appreciate your concern.
After he left , Manda leaned against the closed and locked door with a hint of a smile on her face. She had noticed that there had been no ring on his finger. Her smile deepened as did her dimples.

***

Manda stood in the center of a large round field about 500 feet in diameter. She stood on a rectangular pristine white platform about 40 feet by 70 feet and 5 feet off the ground. It was enclosed around the sides from the level at which she stood to the ground. 
She turned in a slow circle, looking at the scenery around her. Around the outside of the field was a forest. The trees were symmetrical; glorious in their covering of dark green glossy leaves. Perfect trees. The sky was a clear light blue with no clouds. Perfect sky. The grass that covered the entire field was very thick emerald green. She knew that its height was 4 feet. The pleasant breeze that cooled her body caused the grass to move in rhythmic waves like a field of wheat. Perfect grass. 
Manda became aware of a pounding noise and moved to find its source. On the other side of a temporary wall was a man with a hammer, pounding heavy nails into lumber. 
His hair, a burnished auburn that shone and moved like wavy silk, was shoulder length. His skin, over lean hard muscles, was a light golden tone. He was clothed in a brilliant white short toga and wore sandals on his feet. She looked down and realized that she was wearing a long flowing white gown fastened at one shoulder with a brooch; the other shoulder bare. Her hair was very long and tumbled over her shoulders in waves. 
He stopped hammering and stood to his full height looking at her face with intense brown eyes. He slowly smiled and the look on his face and in his eyes expressed his great love for her. She smiled back at him and felt her body flood with intense love and desire. She wanted to lie with him so much that the feeling was uncomfortable and her need unbearable. 
He walked to her and laid his hand against the side of her face. She leaned her cheek into his hand. Without any words, they each knew that they were soul mates, destined to be together through all time. Her desire intensified and his touch told her that he was impatient to consummate their love, as well, but the time was not right. His gaze holding her eyes told her that they must wait until the house that he was building for them was completed-only then could they love each others bodies as much as they loved each others hearts and souls. 
All of these feelings and this knowledge passed between them at the mere touch of his hand against her face. Perfect man, perfect soul mate. She handed several tools to him that had been in her hands without her being aware of them. He returned to his work and she wandered to the edge of the platform, looking down into the beautiful grass waving a foot below the level of the floor. How wonderful it would feel to walk through the grass feeling it brush her skin. In an instant, she knew that she could not do that, for beneath the tall luxurious grass, hid all manner of deadly creatures and serpents. She looked over at the forest surrounding them and she knew that as beautiful and serene as it appeared to be, it too, held death. She and her soul mate were bound to this place forever. 

***
Manda awoke with a warm flushed feeling. She knew that her dream forecast the man that she would love always. She knew that he did exist for her and when the time was right, they would meet. She knew that she would never forget the dream; it would be with her always. She moaned with delight, anticipation and frustration, as impatient awake as she had been sleep. She lay there reliving the dream for a few moments, then swung her legs over the edge of the bed and sat up, glancing at her watch. Whoa, I really slept late this morning. Oh well, its Sunday, after all. I can relax and spend my day however I wish.
She ordered breakfast from room service, grabbed a quick shower, and dressed in light weight sweats; her favorite clothes.
She opened the drapes and thought what a lovely day to indulge herself.
Her breakfast arrived and she settled down to enjoy the coffee and Belgium waffles with fresh fruit. Um-um, so good! What a wonderful day this would be.

***

After breakfast and while nursing her second cup of coffee, she placed a call to her mom. 
 Good morning, Mom, Im checking in.
 Hi, Sweetheart. Everything ok?
 Im good. How are you and Frank?
 Were doing just fine. I dont have all the information on your dads family yet, but Im working on it.
 How is it looking? Anything unusual?
 Nothing yetit looks perfectly normal so far. I hope to finish it tomorrow, then Ill drop it in the mail.
 What are you two planning to do today?
 I think were going to take a nice drive out in the country. This evening we will meet some friends for dinner. What are your plans?
 I think Im going to go to the beach today. Later, Im going to go over this stuff from Nannys envelopes again.
Its going to be very interesting, Mom. Mysterious, to say the least. The smaller envelope was a letter from her. The larger one had the key to her lock box at the bank, information about the family and her staff, her journal and money to get me started while the will is being processed. Im going to the bank tomorrow. Then Ill be able to tell you more. 
Ill make copies of everything I can and mail them to you. Id love to have your opinion of this rather strange letter. The letter seems to indicate an eccentric woman, but everyone Ive talked to that knew her thinks that she had her feet on the ground. They think she was normal in every way and they all thought the world of her.
What do you mean-eccentric ?
Theres one room in the house that she kept locked and she warned me never to unlock and enter it. Several years ago, she auctioned off all the furnishings because she felt that it was in my best interests, but she didnt explain. She had moved into the carriage house that she had fixed up. The letter had a few little comments like that.
Manda, are you sure its safe to be there? Im worried.
 Im sure, Mom. Ive toured the house and I didnt have any bad vibes. I was very comfortable there. Its a gorgeous place. I cant wait for you to see it.
I was in this little restaurant yesterday and the woman who owns it knew Nanny. She thinks Nanny was a very nice, sweet lady. They had been friends for years. Kate; she owns the restaurant, had a picture of Nanny on the wall. There was nothing sinister about the picture. She was an attractive, smiling, elderly lady.
OhGuess where my dimples and black hair came from?
Nanny May, apparently, said Mandas mom.
Yep, one mystery cleared up.
Manda, please be careful.
Mom, stop worrying, please.
Im sorry, Honey. I know Im a worry wart.
I know, Mom. Just try hard not to worry. I dont want to have to worry about you worrying. OK ?
Youre making fun of your poor mother.
No, Mom.. Im just teasing you.
Mom, I better go. Talk to you soon. Love you.

***

Manda strolled along the ribbon of white sand. There were quite a few people enjoying an afternoon on the beach. Moms and Dads were keeping watch over young children playing in the sand or at the edge of the surf. Children squealed with delight touched with a little fear as small waves nipped at their heels, sending them running for the safety of the beach. The children, in turn, chased the waves as they returned to the seathen the whole game would begin again.
Couples walked hand in hand on the beach, heads down in conversation, stopping now and then to steal a kiss. 
Several volley ball games were in noisy progress.
Music of all kinds filled the air from boom boxes and CD players. One large group of people of different ages were enjoying what appeared to be a family reunion picnic.
A few brave souls sat in beach chairs working or playing on laptop computers. Hope they dont get sand in them.
Manda watched all the activities with a smile but she also felt lonely and alone.
She headed for a long pier jutting out over the water. She walked the length of it, then sat on the end with her legs dangling over the edge. She watched the movement of the water and was soon mesmerized.
She found herself thinking about Susan and the B&B.
Has the baby arrived? Boy, or girl? Were the trees still in bloom? Manda wished that she and Susan lived close to each other. We would have been good friends and good company for each other. 
Manda decided that shed try to find the inn on the computer, get the address, and write Susan. She wanted to get a gift for the baby.
Mandas thoughts were jerked from memories of her stay at Mimosa Lane when the sky darkened. She looked up and saw a huge black cloud covering the sun. The rest of the sky was light blue and clear. The visual effect was so bizarre that a trickle of fear rippled through her body. She looked around at the others on the beach and was surprised that none of them seemed to notice the phenomenon. Instead of that fact comforting her, her fear began to intensify. The air and water became still and silent; so silent that she felt she had been struck deaf. She began to stand up in panic and twisted around to look at the others on the beach. They were all still behaving normally.
What is wrong am I going crazy ? Something terrible is happening and Im the only one who sees it.
Manda felt a slight rumbling vibration in her feet and spun around toward the sea again. The water was being drawn out to sea, farther and farther out. The rumbling became stronger and Manda could see a wave building off in the distance. She tried to run, but was unable to move the smallest muscle. She stared in shock and terror as the wave grew higher and closer. The sky grew darker.
God help us. Were all going to die. God. PLEASE. Those innocent children cant outrun this one.
The vibration of the pier grew so intense that Manda could barely keep her balance.
The wave was very close now. It towered high in the sky and was as dark as pitch. There was no crest along the topDear God, its still building
It was almost on her and she instinctively tried to brace herself. As the water approached, a wall of air, so bitter cold that she involuntarily gasped, slammed into her sending her reeling backwards. She felt herself being sucked into the glistening black wave that was as frigid as the air that preceded it. As she was engulfed by the crushing water, she saw many shapes being swept along with her. Tortured phosphorescent trails of twisting and swirling matter that seemed to be grasping and tugging at her. She tried to escape from the translucent patterns of spiraling white but was enveloped by the shifting patterns.
 Her terror began to ebb and she was aware of a growing acceptance. She was dying, drowning, yet the fear had passed and there was no pain, no discomfort of any kind. She ceased to exist.

Chapter 36


Mommy, why is this lady sleeping here ?
The tiny voice barely reached her ears.
Manda felt herself being shaken. 
Miss, are you OK? Miss, Miss!
Manda slowly opened her eyes and stared up into a blue cloudless sky.
She heard a child crying in fear.
Miss, answer me, please.
Manda turned her head to see a frightened woman with a sobbing little girl hovering over her.
Manda saw them and wanted to reassure them, but she was very disoriented. For a moment, she thought that she was in  bed, having just awakened from the worst nightmare ever. As her memory returned, she became frightened beyond description. 
Manda fought to a sitting position, whipping her gaze to the water, then the pier, then the beach, then the faces of the woman and child. Disbelief flooded her face as she realized that none of the horror had really taken place. Everything was as before the apparition. Except for Manda: her clothes were soaking wet.

***

Several hours later, Manda, woke in an unfamiliar place that seemed familiar. She realized that she was in a hospital. She felt very drowsy, relaxed, and confused. After a few moments of trying to make sense of something senseless, she gave up and allowed herself to fall back to sleep.
She heard movement in the room and opened her eyes. A nurse moved to the side of her bed.
I see youre awake, Ms. Harris. How are you feeling?
Fine, except tired and a little light headed. Why am I here in a hospital?
Actually, youre in the emergency room. Seems you fainted. Youre just here for a few tests and observation. Ill let the doctor know youre awake. Hell be in to see you shortly.
Manda was relaxed, but still a little confused and frightened. Nothing like this had ever happened to her before. She searched her mind for a plausible explanation for her hallucination and fainting spell, but could think of nothing that made sense.
A tall man in a white jacket with a stethoscope slung around his neck, entered the room and approached her bed.
Hello, Ms Harris. Im Dr. Walker. How are you feeling?
A little tired and woozy-otherwise, fine.
Do you remember what happened?
Manda had decided to keep her vision to herself. She knew if she told her unbelievable story, she would probably end up in a psych unit. 
I just remember feeling dizzy; then I woke up on the pier. Thats it.
Have you ever fainted before?
No, I havent.
Have you been feeling unusual or ill lately?
No. WaitI do remember feeling too warm, but I just moved here from the North and Im not used to this climate. Could that have caused my problem?
Its possible. Ive run some tests and examined you. Your blood pressure and heart rate were a little elevated when you got here, but thats to be expected. You were very upset. Everything else is normal. Why were you hysterical, Ms. Harris?
 I remember being very frightened. I thought something was very wrong with me because Ive never felt like that or fainted before. Why do I feel so light headed Doctor?
 You were so upset that I ordered a sedative. It will wear off in a few hours. Im going to examine you again and if everything is still ok, Ill release you. You should have someone with you for 24 hours though and youll need to take it easy this evening.
He examined her and reassured her that all was normal. He wrote for a minute on her chart.
Do you have a physician, Ms. Harris?
 No.
 I suggest you call this Doctors office and get checked out tomorrow. Dr. Case is an excellent physician and I think youll like him. If you have any more problems before you see him, come back here. OK?
 Who can I call to come pick you up? You cant drive with the sedative in your system. 
The only person Manda could think of was Mr. Lanier. After giving Dr. Walker his name, the doctor left the room to contact Mr. Lanier and make arrangements for Manda.
Manda dressed under the watchful eye of the nurse, and waited to be picked up.
Manda, What on earth happened?
Mr. Lanier had escorted Manda to his car and they now sat in the hospital parking lot.
 I fainted and the squad brought me here to be examined. Dont be so concerned, Mr. Lanier. The doctor said Im fine. Im sorry I had to drag you into this, but I didnt know anyone else I could call, and he said that I couldnt be alone for 24 hours.
Manda, I would have been upset if you hadnt had the doctor call me.
 Thank you.
You have a choice. I didnt know if youd be comfortable staying with me since I live alone, so I took the liberty of calling a dear friend of mine. She said that, of course, you can stay with her. Shes a wonderful woman. Ive know her since I was a little boy. She owns Breakfast, Brunch, and Lunch. Kate Bradshaw is her name.
 I met her one day in her restaurant. We had a nice talk. If youre sure its ok, Ill stay with her. My mom would prefer that, Im sure.
 Then well be on our way. Buckle up.
Manda was silent on the drive to Kates house. Some of her anxiety had returned as the sedative began to wear off. She was attempting to keep her mind off of what had happened by thinking of other things, but it wasnt helping much.
Mr. Lanier pulled the car up in front of a Victorian style house. 
Here we are. Try to relax, Manda. Youll be in good hands.
The front door opened as they walked toward the house and Kate stepped onto the porch.
Hello, MandaJohn. Come on it and make yourselves at home. She led them to a small sitting room and gestured toward several overstuffed chairs.
After they were seated, Kate offered refreshments. I have dinner on, but itll be several hours before its ready. John, youll be staying for dinner wont you?
I always accept an opportunity to eat your cooking, Kate. Thanks for asking.
Manda, do you feel like a little bit to eat to hold you till dinner, or would you rather lie down?
 I feel fine, except for being a little light headed from the medicine. I am hungry, thank you Kate.
Just rest then and Ill go get a snack.
Excuse me, Manda; Im going to see if I can help Kate.
Manda reflected on the days events. She felt embarrassed and frightened at the same time. She could hear the murmur of voices from the kitchen and knew they were probably discussing her. 
Manda concentrated on the crackling fire in the fireplace. The sight and sound of it was relaxing. It dawned on her that a fire at this time of year in this climate was very unusual and normally unnecessary. The house was very cool however, so the fire was welcome and soothing.
Kate and Mr. Lanier returned and Kate placed a serving platter on the coffee table. On it was a pot of tea and an arrangement of small slices of various tea breads. After everyone was served, Kate sat and relaxed. She noticed Mandas preoccupation with the fire and chuckled.
Its nice, isnt it. People knew how to build houses for this climate. The house is always cool enough to be comfortable in the hottest weather but this time of day and through the evening, its cool enough that I can enjoy the fireplace. I spend most of my evenings in this room.
Im enjoying it very much. It has a calming effect on me.
Kate smiled, Nanny May and I enjoyed many an evening in front of this fireplace. She loved it too.
 Its a little peculiar, returned Manda, I keep my room at the hotel on the chilly side so I can enjoy the feel of my cozy sweat suits or an afghan draped around me. Its really odd when you think about it.
Oh, I dont know, Im that way too. I think a lot of people are more comfortable when they can control their environment as much as possible to suit their wishes. Its kind of like a good conversation with an old friend or the scent of pine at Christmas or the sound of church bells chiming. Makes a person feel good.
 Ladies, Mr. Lanier stated, I apologize but I wont be able to stay for dinner, after all. I had forgotten that I have some paperwork that I have to complete before morning. So, if you will excuse me, Id better be on my way.
 Thats fine, Johnnext time.
 Thanks, Kate. Ill call you tomorrow.
After Kate escorted him to the door, she walked back to the sitting room to suggest that Manda nap for a while only to find her already sleeping in the chair. She placed an afghan over her and sat down with a good book to relax and to watch over Manda until suppertime.

***

Kate and Manda were sitting at the kitchen table. They had eaten dinner, cleared the table, and were about to have coffee.
How do you feel now, Manda ?
I feel so much better. I think the shot has worn off and Im almost back to normal, she said with a faint smile.
Thank you for the delicious supper, Kate. I was hungrier than I thought Id be.
Kate looked at Manda with concern and speculation.
Youve been very quiet since you woke from your nap. I know youve had a tough day, but I get the feeling that theres something else bothering you. Do you want to talk about it?
Manda looked over at Kate with a trace of fear on her face. I would like to talk about it, but I dont know if I should.
Why not, Honey? It will probably do you a world of good to get it off your chest.
Im afraid youll think Ive lost my mind.
Kate smiled at her, Ive been around a long time and Ive heard just about everything. Dont worry; just spill it.
Manda was silent for a moment, absentmindedly stirring her coffee. She laid her spoon on the table and looked at Kate with resolution in her eyes. She began to tell Kate, with many starts and stops, of the terrifying experience she had experienced that afternoon.
Kate sat for a few minutes after Manda finished her story, seeming to stare off into space, indecision written on her face. She finally looked at Manda, after making up her mind.
Manda, Im going to tell you something that you need to know. First, you are NOT crazy !
Second, your great aunt, Nanny May, also had visions.
Manda gasped and felt her muscles tense with shock.
She began having them when she was 16, although she later decided that she had experienced them at an earlier age, but they werent as strong and she just thought of them as being a result of a lively imagination. Her mother agreed with her and reassured her that all children were the same. 
Years passed and she had all but forgotten them. Then at 16, she began to have them again; much stronger and more detailed. She was terrified at first, as you are now. She was afraid to talk to any physician-she was afraid she would be placed in a home for people with mental illness. She began to read everything she could about such things and finally came to the conclusion that she had been born with certain abilities. She had a very hard time adjusting to having the visions, but finally learned to live with them. They werent pleasant for her, of course, but she finally lost her fear of them. She and I discussed them now and then. Her main concern was that she felt someone was asking for her help, but she failed because she couldnt interpret the visions.
 Does that knowledge about Nanny May ease your mind, Manda? It should, because Nanny wasnt the least bit crazy. She had a great head on those strong shoulders of hers and she was very intelligent and down to earth.
I dont know if it helps or not, Manda said while massaging her temples with her fingertips. Her shoulders slumped as she deeply sighed. If you dont mind Kate, Id like to go to my room. Im very tired, my head aches, and I need to think about things. Maybe Ill feel better in the morning.
Sounds like a good idea. Your room is the first door to the left at the top of the stairs. The bathroom is next to your room. I put everything that I thought you may need in your room, but if Ive forgotten anything or you need me, just yell.
Thanks Kate. Thanks for everything.
Manda rose from her chair and with shaky legs, walked toward the stairs.
Kate stood, Do you need any help getting settled?
No, Im fine.
Kate stood there with worry etched into her face as Manda slowly climbed the stairs. She was still standing there when she heard the bedroom door close.
Manda did no more than she had to do before getting into bed. She had decided that thinking clearly was out of the question. Due to the emotional and physical trauma she had endured in just this one day, sleep claimed her instantly.

***

Patrick and Megan, soon joined by Nanny May, gathered  around her bed clasping hands to encircle her with protection while she slept a deep healing sleep.

Chapter 37

Manda woke early with a clear mind and a brighter outlook. She lay in bed, letting her mind process all that she had experienced and learned the day before. After a great nights sleep and with the sunlight beginning to filter through the curtains, she was able to be more optimistic.
A definite plus was that she wasnt losing her mind. Nanny May had passed on her quirks as well as her black hair, dimples, and worldly goods to herthat was all. 
Manda could look at the vision she had seen at the beach with more objectivity now that she knew of Nannys visions and now that she knew that she had not been in any danger at any time.
All she had to do was figure out what it all meant.
She sat up in an explosion of excitement. Today she was to get the contents of the lock box at the bankYES ! Surely she would find something there to help her understand. She suddenly realized that she felt wonderful. All of the negative effects of yesterday had disappeared. Thank you, God!
She threw her clothes on, straightened the bed, and swung around the door into the bathroom; where she splashed her face with cold water and ran a comb through her hair.
She heard Kate moving around downstairs so she bounded down the steps and into the kitchen.
Kate was startled when Manda breezed in but her expression changed to delight when she realized that Manda was back to her usual up-beat self.
Manda, you look radiant !
Kate, I feel radiant! Things look so much better this morning. Now I have a mystery to solve.
 Kate, I need to call a cab. I have an appointment at the bank and I need to get back to the hotel.
How about some breakfast first.
 Thanks, but Ill just catch breakfast at the hotel.
Well, give me a second and Ill drop you off on my way to the restaurant.
Are you sure it wont be any trouble ?
Not a minutes worth, Hon.

***

After Kate pulled up to the hotel entrance, Manda leaned over and gave her a hug.
I can never thank you enough for your help, Kate.
 I hope I was able to put your mind at ease. Ill call you tonight if thats ok, to see how you are.
That will be nice. I cant believe how good I feel. I must have a guardian angel who took all the bad away and left me with the good stuff. I just hope she hangs around.
Kate watched with a smile as Manda hurried into the hotel.
Nanny May, I do believe that maybe youre this angel shes talking about. Welcome home, friend.

***

 Manda , refreshed, with a surge of energy and excitement, selected an outfit and accessories suitable for her meeting at the First National Bank with Mr. Snell, the auditor. 
She glanced at her watch; she had plenty of time and there was no need to rush. A nice, warm shower and shampoo was the first order of business. She stepped into the shower expecting to relax under the warm spray of water, but the anticipation of viewing the contents of the safe deposit box gave her a feeling of excitement and urgency. Her patience became a thing of the past and her appointment felt as though it was scheduled a century from now instead of three hours. Those three hours were going to be endless.
For Gods sake, Manda!, she muttered, slow down and act like a sane responsible adult instead of a child on Christmas morning.
Finishing her shower, she dried with the luxurious towel and forced herself to slowly smooth lotion over her body; determined to quell the effect of the adrenalin surging through her bloodstream. After shrugging into the soft robe, courtesy of the hotel and wiping the condensation off of the mirror, she tackled her hair with her brush and blow dryer. She wasnt surprised to see curls emerge instead of waves. The thought crossed her mind that the humidity was so high in the bathroom from her shower, that she wouldnt be shocked to feel raindrops pelting her body! Chuckling at her fancy, she applied a little mascara, blush, and lipstick and topped off her ablution with a light touch of perfume. 
Now Im ready to take on anythingafter I get dressed, of course. 
 Moments later she stood before the full length mirror. Grinning with satisfaction and high on confidence, she studied her reflection. She saw an attractive trim young woman with adequate, if not substantial, curves in all the right places. The jacket of her light weight navy blue suit was slightly fitted at the waist, complimenting her figure. 
Underneath her jacket she wore a bright red silky camisole. Completing her stylish look was a large red enameled deco brooch pinned to her lapel.
 Not bad, Manda; not bad at all.  With a little luck, she might even cross paths with Detective Haworth while she was  lookin good. She laughed at her wishful thinking as she slung the strap of her purse over her shoulder. Manda glanced around the room to make sure she wasnt forgetting anything, then  headed for the dining room for breakfast.

***

Gem felt the heat of probing fingers at the synapses of his brain the same instant as she startled in mid stride. She began to cast glances around the dining room so he quickly raised the newspaper, which he had been reading, higher in order to cover his eyes. He concentrated on placing a protective shell around himself and began to feel relief from the probing sensation but also felt fear at the realization of a weakness in his arms and hands. 
He desperately wanted to rise and leave but was fearful of drawing her attention to him and increasing her awareness of him. He felt panic as he realized that he would have to stay until she left. He lowered his head and stared blindly at the newsprint before him.


***

There is that strange jolting sensation again, thought Manda. She glanced around the room in an attempt to find a possible source, but saw nothing out of the ordinary. The feeling began to subside and by the time she settled herself at a small table in the corner, the memory had vanished from her mind.
Good morning, Ms Harris, said the waitress. Are you ready to order ?
Id like some coffee right away, but I need a moment to look over the menu. I was going to just have toast and coffee, but I suddenly feel very hungry, Manda said with a laugh. Im going to have to diet if I keep gorging myself.
You have a lot of eating to do before you have to worry about that, the waitress said, laughing with Manda. 
Take your time. Ill be back in a minute or so.
 Thanks, Manda said, as she opened the menu.
After her appetite was sated, the tip placed on the table, and the tab added to her bill from the hotel; she stood and began to weave her way around other tables toward the lobby. As she drew closer to the wide doorway, she was swept by a chill coursing through her body causing gooseflesh to prickle on her arms. She turned around to sweep her gaze over the dining room. Nothing. 
Manda, stop this right now!  
With determination, she turned toward the doorway and passed into the lobby, shedding the prickles from her skin and the apprehension from her mind as she walked.

***

Gem exhaled very slowly, realizing that he had been holding his breath. He lowered the newspaper to the table with arms so leaden that he could no longer hold them up. He knew that the time had come to place distance between them until he could replenish his energy. Otherwise, he and his mission were doomed.

Chapter 38

Mr. Lanier and a woman of about 40 were waiting for her in 

the lobby of the bank. They met in the center of the lobby 

where Mr. Lanier introduced Manda to Ms Carol Walker, 

the auditor. After a few amenities, they walked to the 

counter where the bank president waited.

 Manda,  Id like you to meet Mr. Lewis. Hell be doing 

the honors. Manda studied him as they shook hands. He was a 

rugged man with craggy features. He appeared to be more  

of an outdoor type than a president standing before her in 

a suit and tie.

 Its very nice to meet you, Ms Harris. I want to offer 

condolences for the passing of your aunt. She was a 

delightful woman.

Thank you, Mr. Lewis.

He offered Mr. Lanier coffee and indicated a chair where 

the lawyer could wait.

 Please, he said, opening and gesturing Manda and Ms 

Walker through a doorway that opened into a small foyer. He 

opened a second door with a key and led Manda and Ms 

Walker into a small room completely filled with lock boxes. 

He produced keys from his pocket and selected one. 

 Ms Harris, take your key and insert it into the keyhole 

adjacent to this one and well turn our keys at the same 

time.

As they turned their keys, the lock released. Mr. Lewis 

pulled the large box from its receptacle and carried the 

box to a small room with a large table. After Manda and Ms 

Walker entered behind him, he turned to leave, telling them 

to take their time, closing the door to give them privacy.

Ms. Walker smiled at Manda.  I dont like this part of my 

job, Ms Harris. I feel like big brother and you probably 

feel the same about me. It is the law, though. Im sorry.

 Please dont apologize. I do feel weird though. This is 

socloak and dagger.

Ms. Walker laughed and nodded her head in agreement.

 What do we do ?

 Just remove the items one at a time. Ill list and 

examine each one as you remove it.

Manda lifted out what looked to be a very old journal and 

placed it on the table.

The auditor rifled through the pages and laid it aside.

Manda removed the rest of the contents as directed. After 

everything had been checked,  Ms Walker grinned.  I dont 

know if this is good news for you or not, but theres 

nothing here that requires taxation. If youll just sign 

this inspection paper, my job will be over. 

These items are yours. Free and clear.

 Manda signed and then thanked Ms Walker as they shook 

hands.

 I want to welcome you. I knew your aunt. She was a dear, 

sweet woman. I hope youll be happy here.

 Thank you, Im sure I will.

Manda began to put the items into her briefcase as the door 

closed behind Ms Walker. 

Excitement flowed through her. She couldnt wait until she 

could examine them back in her hotel room. Among the 

treasure trove was a photograph album !

Exiting the little room, she had to restrain herself from 

practically skipping over to Mr. Lanier-a delighted look on 

her face.

 There are photos in here; a journal too !

 This calls for a celebration, Manda. How about letting me 

buy you an early dinner followed by gourmet coffee !

 Thanks for the offer, Mr Lanier, but Im too excited to 

eat. I would like to have coffee though.

He took her to a tiny coffee shop where they spent a 

pleasant hour after Manda convinced him that she suffered 

no lingering effects from the day before. They both relaxed  

with the knowledge that all the legalities had been 

accomplished. The briefcase lay beside her on the bench of 

the booth. She glanced down at it periodically to assure 

herself that it hadnt disappeared.

 Do you have any plans yet, Manda ?

 Well, ticking off on her fingers, I have to arrange for 

the staff to return, contact Mom about Dads family and 

fill her in about everything, check out the carriage 

houseIll probably stay there for a while, check out 

everything from the lock box and  make a list of 

everything else to do. She dimpled with a grin, shaking 

her head at her compulsive habit of lists.  Then I can 

move in !

 Sounds like hard work, but enjoyable. Remember, call me 

if you need help of any kind-and, I sincerely offer my 

services to you as your lawyer.

 No question about it. Consider yourself my lawyer.

 I accept, Manda and Im delighted.

He reached into his suit pocket and withdrew a business 

envelope, handing it to her. 

These are copies of the resumes and histories of your 

security team. He then reached into his briefcase to 

produce a small book, handing that to her, as well.  This 

is a book of the training techniques used for the guard 

dogs plus individual information on them. Names, signals, 

etc.

 The head of security will go into this with more depth.

A crease between her brows alerted Mr. Lanier to the fact 

that Manda had probably temporarily forgotten, in all the 

excitement, the crime that had prompted the hiring of the 

guards.

 Things will be fine, Manda, he said with sympathy.

 I hope the police catch him right away. Then I can really 

relax.

 We have a good police force. Try not to worry.

 Mr. Lanier, thank you so much for everything youve done 

for me. For a little while I felt that I was in a  sink or 

swim situation and I figured Id sink. Thanks for keeping 

me afloat.

Any time. I can tell youre getting impatient to see what 

you have there. Right ?

 Yes, I am. Im sorry; Ive really enjoyed this time with 

you, but I would like to return to the hotel, if you dont 

mind.

 I dont mind at all, he said with a hearty laugh. He 

watched, with thinly disguised anxiety and speculation, as 

Manda left the coffee shop. After a brief moment sitting 

with an intense, thoughtful expression  on his face, he 

stood and sauntered from the shop.





..



This field has to be mowed very soon, she thought.

The blades of grass had grown enough to tickle her ankles 

as she moved with grace down the embankment toward the 

shore. She stood gazing out over the water for a moment.

This hour before darkness is so special. It feels as though 

this vast earth and every living creature on it is 

releasing a pent up breath of tension. The grueling day is 

almost at its end. There will be a respite during which 

taut muscles can loosen, jittery nerve endings  can repose, 

and mental and emotional debris from sadness, fear, anger, 

and  grief may gentle its stranglehold on the soul long 

enough for the essence of life to renew its strength for 

the next day.

She wandered over to the chaise and eased herself onto its 

cushions, fitting her body into the soft contours. The 

cooler air of dusk pulled the heat from her body as it had 

from the cushions.

 Ahhh..this feels so wonderful.

It had been a hot day, but with the sun lowering behind the 

trees, an occasional breath of cool air fondled her flesh.

She dozed.

When she awakened, the moon had risen above the treetops, 

spreading its full skirt of silver  over the surface of the 

water. Light and shadow skated and leapt over the tiny 

ripples  of the lake.

So very lovely.

She turned her head toward a quiet rustling sound.  She 

smiled up at him, reaching for his hand as he reached for 

hers. He knelt in the grass beside her, stroking her 

hair..murmuring to her as he gently kissed her eyelids. He 

framed her face with his palms and leaned over her to graze 

her lips with his tongue, then settled his mouth over hers 

in a long gentle kiss. He moved his hands from her face to 

stroke her arms, shoulders, throat and breasts...deepening 

the kiss.

Her heart swelled with love for this man of hers. She lay 

awash in waves of love and passion. Placing her small hands 

on either side of his face, she pushed him back from her 

slightly so that she could look into his eyesshe loved his 

eyes. They each smiled.

She felt a slight tug on her neckseconds lateranother.

He lowered his lips to her mouth again

She felt slight stinging sensations on her neck but her 

emotions were stronger than a little discomfort.She opened 

her eyes and saw the moon smiling down on them.

The sweet scent of roses filled the air and she could 

envision them trailing over the white picket fence.

How odd--I didnt know the moon is a shapeshifter, she 

thought. It dimmed and brightened, dimmed and brightened as 

its outline wavered and rippled. The trees on the other 

side of the lake began to writhe and thrash in the sudden 

onslaught of  wind that caused white caps to form  on the 

lake She began to feel chilled and the warmth of his body 

was comforting. He continued to stroke her and murmur in 

her ear.

As the moon dimmed even more and began to swing and twist 

back and forth across the sky, her slowing thoughts 

recognized faint sounds of anguish,  pity, guilt, and rage. 

She  began to feel a tingling sensation as the ability to 

feel surrendered to  numbness.  As the moon dimmed to grey 

and then to black, the stars began to explode. The last 

thing she saw was a glowing tear slipping down his cheek- 

the last thing she felt was her body being gently lifted 

and drawn upward by many gentle hands-the last sound she 

heard was the wail of an infant. 




Gem stood and looked down at her with love and respect in 

his eyes. Tears flowed down his cheeks and tracked through 

her lifeblood on his face. This act had been so much 

harder than the others. His heart felt ripped from his 

body. He gently rolled her to place the quilt under her. 

She must have comfort. He painted, with great precision, 

the tiny symbol on her ring finger. She must be adorned. He 

placed a last kiss on her lips, stood, and looked over the 

lake. The water of the lake was now still and dark, the 

trees motionless, and the moon was hiding with shame behind 

a slow moving black cloud. His gaze returned to her lovely 

face. Good-bye, Susan. He turned and with great effort, 

began to mount the gentle slope of the hill; the sobbing of 

the child calling to him.



 Gary, weve got another one. The good news is that we 

have an ID on her.

 Same MO, Sam ?

 On the button. Same everything; except quilt pattern, 

pattern on fingernail and state. 

Cant get any closer than that !

 Where ?

Erin, Tennessee; close to the Kentucky border.

 Name ?

 Susan Warnock. Found last night by her husband around 

10:00. According to the ME, 

she hadnt been dead long.

 Husband?

 Names Perry. Hes really messed up. Seems his job has 

him on the road a lot. He got home last night and found his 

kid screaming at the top of his lungs. Couldnt find his 

wife..went lookin..you can figure out the rest.

 Howd you get the news ?

 The sheriff was fast on his feet. Went to the data base 

and my inquiries on similar murders popped up. Called me 

about 45 minutes ago. Hes faxing me all hes got, 

but Im going to check things out myself. Ill send you 

everything I get soons I get it.

 Thanks, bud. Ill be waiting.

Gary replaced the phone, stood and contemplated his next 

move.

 Coffee; its going to be a long morning.

With mug of coffee in hand, Gary stood before the gallery 

of photos on the wall. He stared with narrowed eyes and 

tightened lips at the pictures of the young women, 

beautiful in life, destroyed by some madman. There was a 

definite pattern followed by the killer, many similarities 

between the victims and several definitive clues left at 

the scenes, that grouped as a whole, made no sense, except 

to the killer, of course. His job was to take the chaos of 

the widely diverse clues and link them in such a way as to 

give a picture of the workings of this killers mind.  In 

order to accomplish that, he had to attempt to perceive and 

think like the maniac who did this. Not an easy task, and 

certainly not a pleasant one.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------




Gary sat at his desk with eyes closed....elbow on the desk 

with his head propped on the palm of his handfingers 

clenched in his hair. His headache just kept getting worse. 

The aspirin just wasnt helping. He had been poring over 

the evidence so long that nothing was making any sense. He 

couldnt connect any dots at all. The longer he stared at 

it the more confusing it became. He decided that in his 

present state; headache, no food, and no sleep, he was 

beating a dead horse. He gathered the copies of his notes 

and told his cohorts and the dispatcher that he was going 

home for a few hours.

He made a quick stop at a drive through fast food place, 

wolfed his food while seated at his seldom used kitchen 

table, set his alarm, sprawled on his bed, and passed out 

almost before his eyes closed.

He awoke 2 1/2 hours later, after several vain attempts to 

destroy the snooze alarm. A relentless wake up shower and 

several cups of coffee later, he began to feel that he was 

a living, breathing member of the human race. He realized 

that his head no longer ached, 

Thank you God.

He threw on fresh clothes and headed back to the station. 

New faux reports awaiting his scrutiny lay on his desk.

With a deep sigh, he drew them toward him and began 

reading.

Yep, the same mo.

He picked up and began to scan what appeared to be a copy 

of guest registrations. Few signatures were there as the 

small B&B was in a remote area.

His eyes widened as a familiar name leapt out at him.

 Manda Harris; what a small world, he muttered as he eyes 

skipped to the date she had signed the registry. 

If this date is right, she has an iron clad alible. She was 

over 500  miles away when the woman was  murdered on Ms. 

Harriss property.

Gary realized that he was very relieved but didnt spend 

any time wondering why he was so relieved.

 Well, another visit to Ms. Harris is in order.

Before he left, he copied the salient details from the 

latest murder onto his list and added a drawing of the 

symbol found on the quilt at the crime scene in Erin, 

Tennessee. He now had 4 different drawings that made no 

sense to him in terms of crimes having been committed. He 

then called the hotel to make sure Ms. Harris was in her 

room, picked his paperwork up, and left for his encounter 

with her.







Manda had arrived at her hotel room just moments ago. She 

had stripped off her suit and pulled on lightweight 

sweatpants. She now stood in the center of the room in the 

sweatpants and nothing else; her hands fumbling at the back 

of her head trying to untangle her pendant from her curls. 

It had been caught in her hair when she had pulled her 

camisole over her head.

She was interrupted by a thundering knock at the door. She 

hurriedly attempted again to release the pendant but 

stopped as the pounding resumed. 

 Open the door, please. This is Detective Haworth.

 Just a minute, Im coming.

She yanked the camisole back over her head and was 

desperately trying to release the stubborn jewelry  when he 

started banging again.

DAMMIT.JUST A DAMN MINUTE !!

Gary stepped back when the door opened to reveal a beet 

red, embarrassed and enraged spitfire with fists on hips 

and a silver chain draped over her nose and looped around 

her ear. 

A snort of laughter escaped Gary before he could stop 

himself. Her eyes narrowed dangerously as her glare 

deepened.

 What the HELL do you want and why couldnt you have had 

the decency to give me the DAMN MINUTE I ASKED FOR ?

Her eyes narrowed even more when she realized that he was 

having a great deal of trouble controlling his facial 

expression.

She turned abruptly, reaching for the pendent obviously 

snarled in her hair and began yanking on it. 

 Can....may I help you, Ms. Harris ?

She swung to face him again , almost snarling..

 Only if you can keep your enjoyment to a minimum, 

Detective Haworth !

He turned her around and gently began to work the necklace 

loose.Several seconds later, Manda heard an uttered 

expletive followed by her head being yanked backward. The 

chain broke and Manda tumbled to the floor, bouncing back 

up immediately with fists flying.

What the HELL do you think youre doing, her voice rising 

higher and louder with each word, as she advanced toward 

him.
 
He grimly grabbed at her flailing fistsin vain. He finally 

managed to twist her around and grabbing her around her 

waist, lifted her off her feet.

 Big mistake, he thought as her feet joined her fists in 

battle.He managed to stagger to the bed where he purposely 

fell on top of her, gratified to hear her breath whoosh 

from her lungs.

Her thrashing stopped and he heard a muffled,  Get off me 

you imbecilic dickhead !! I cant breathe !

Only if you stop trying to kill me !

She finally nodded and he gingerly backed a few steps away 

from her.She raised her head gasping for air and swung 

around with fists raised, ready to do battle again.

 STOP IT, DAMMIT, MANDA ! Im not trying to hurt you.

 Ahhell, Mandy, he said when he spotted the rage in her 

eyes accompanied by tears falling down her face.

In a low tight voice, she said, To you, Im MS. Harris. 

Dont forget it.

 I apologize, ah, Ms. Harris. Believe it or not, theres a 

reason I reacted the way I did.

 It had better be a damn good one, Detective, because Im 

going over your head on this one. Ill be talking with your 

superior.

He plopped onto a chair, staring at her.

 Im sorry, Ms. Harris. I am the superior.

Her eyes widened with disbelief.  Youve GOT to be 

kidding !  Are you trying to tell me that youre the best 

there is around here ?

 Im not trying, I am telling you.

 God, help us !

 Now, Ms. Harris, theres no need to be inflammatory and 

youre raising your voice again.

 What academy did you graduate from? One that specialized 

in police brutality ?

 No, I think thats the one you graduated from, Ms. 

Harris.

They glared at each other for a moment. 

Gary stood and prepared to retreat when her eyes became 

slits again. Instead of attacking, however, she fell 

backwards on the bed shaking with unrestrained laughter.

 You should see your face, she howled, clutching her 

stomach as she struggled to catch her breath.

 I dont believe I want to at the moment, he replied, 

aware that one of his eyes was trying to swell shut.

He sat down again and waited for her to regain control.

After a moment of gulping and heavy breathing, she sat up 

and grinned at him, tears of laughter spotting her sexy red 
top.

 Now, kind sir. Would you mind very much explaining this 

fiasco ?

He bent to pick the locket from the carpet and dangled it 

in front of her. 

Where did you get this ?

 Pardon?

He shook it at her, Where did you get this!

 A giftfrom a friend of mine.

He could tell her feathers were ruffling again so he leaned 

back in the chair and kept silent for a minute.

 Ms. Harris, do you think that we can conduct this 

interview in a calm and adultmanner ?

 I can, but Im not so sure you can.

 Truce- please, Ms. Harris.

She frowned, Im sorry, Detective. You started this, you 

know.

 Yes, and I deeply regret that, ManMs. Harris .

 Its very important that you explain this necklace, Ms. 

Harris. That will help my investigation.

With surprise and amusement, she told him of the good-bye 

gift from her neighbor.

 Its a very common piece of jewelry, Dectective. How 

could this particular one have any importance ?

 Actually, the markings on it are what Id like you to 

explain.

When she looked at him in consternation, he hastened to 

explain.

This same symbol on your necklace was found at a crime 

scene where a woman was murdered. I saw it when I was 

trying to untangle it from your hair.
 
Dawn broke in her eyes, Thats why you went ballistic!

YeahI guess you can say that. I really apologize.

OK, but next time ask your questions BEFORE , not after 

you lose it.

He rolled his eyes, as much as he could with one nearly 

swollen shut.

 This woman- was she the one found on my land ?

No, this victim was killed in Louisanna.

Oh. Although somewhat confused, Manda began to explain.

 These markings on my pendant, not necklace, are symbols 

for the sign of Libra.

When she realized he was looking at her with a blank stare, 

she sighed.

Detective Haworth, this may take a while. How about I 

order coffee from room service?

 Sounds good.

 Would you like anything elseperhaps ice for your eye ?

He glanced up, considering a retort, but simply nodded when 

he saw her sober face.

While she ordered, he removed a small tape recorder from 

his pocket and set it on the low table between their 

chairs.

She raised her brows when she returned and saw the 

recorder.

 I hope you dont mind, Ms. Harris. This will simplify 

things.

 Fine with me.

He turned the device to record and began the interview by 

establishing the date, content of the tape, etc. 

He described the pendant as best he could, then looked at 

Manda.

 Ms Harris, describe how you came to have this pendant in 

your possession.

Manda repeated her earlier statement.

 Please tell me the meaning of the engraving on the 

pendant.

 Do you know anything about Astrology, Detective 

Haworth ?

 No, I dont.

Remember some years ago, the fad was to ask others what 

their birth signs were ? 

Vaguely.

First of all, Im not going to be precise right now; it 

gets too complicated. Im just going to give you the 

basics.

In Astrology, there are 12 birth signs; one assigned to 

each month. The month in which a person is born, determines 

which birth sign they have. Each sign has certain 

characteristics that belong to it and those characteristics 

become a part of that person. 

Now, every Astrology chart has 12 houses. The chart is like 

a pie thats been cut into 12 sliceseach slice is a house. 

Each house has a planet that rules it plus each sign has a 

planet that rules that. At the time of birth the sun, moon, 

and all the planets are in a certain position. The time of 

birth decides the order the signs are in-1 through 12. By 

the way, the cusps of the signs move in a counter clock 

wise pattern. The time of birth also establishes which sign 

and which house each planet occupies. At the time of birth 

all the planets, signs and houses react with each other in 

a good or difficult way depending on the type of angle 

between each one. The strength of each planet can be 

enhanced or depleted according how the other planets, etc., 

relate to it and how the houses and signs relate to it. 

An Astrologer puts all this information together and reads, 

or interprets it. That gives a sort of guideline to the 

person, their lifestyle, financial resources, and so forth 

and so on.

See !its simple ,as she dimpled a grin at him. Theres 

a lot more to it, of course. 

Thats just the bare bones.

Gary fought to pull himself out of his trance of utter 

confusion, boredom, and the feeling that he was  sadly 

lacking in intelligence, thus unable to comprehend the  

bare bones.

 Ms. Harris, can we approach this another way ?  Look at 

these symbols and tell me what they stand for.

He handed the drawings to her and mentally crossed his 

fingers.

 Well, this one , of course, is the same as mine. The sign 

of Libra. The second one is for the sign of Cancerthis one 

for Aries, and the last for Virgo.OK ?

 How is this supposed to help me, Ms. Harris ?

 I dont know if it will. You said these were found at a 

murder scene in Erin?

 One of them-the rest were found at other crime scenes.

 You mean four different placesfour murder victims ?

 Afraid so.

Was one the woman on Live Oaks ?

Yes.

Manda shuddered, stood and walked to the window. After a 

moment of staring at nothing, she asked quietly, Which of 

the symbols was with her ? 

 Ah, the one you said stands for Virgo.

Manda thought for a minute,  What was her birthdate ? 

Maybe its the same as the symbol found with her.

 We dont know her birthdate. We havent been able to 

identify her.

Then I dont see how I can help you, Detective.

 We do have an identify on the last victim, Ms. Harris. 

Maybe her birthdate will match up with her sign. Her 

birthdate was ..umJuly 14th.

 Cancer, her sign was Cancer. Does that match, Detective 

Haworth ?

 Glancing at his notes, he replied, Yes, it does. What 

could that mean ?

 One answer is that the person who killed her knows 

something about Astrology. 

Without more information, I cant help you much. If you can 

get the full birth information on the woman whos signs 

match, I can cast a chart on her.

What all do you need?

 Month, day, year, place and time.

OK, Ill get it for you.

Manda sat back down in the chair and leaned her face into 

her hands, scrubbing her face with them in an attempt to 

erase the stress. She smoothed her hair back behind her 

ears, clenched her fists under her chin, and looked up at 

him. Manda noticed a change in his demeanor. He had planted 

both feet on the floor and leaned forward. His face 

registered tension.

 Why do I feel that theres more to come in this 

interview, Detective?

 Because there is, Im sorry to say.

Ms. Harris, where were you last Sunday ?

Gary watched her closely as she squinted her eyes with 

concentration.

 I was here most of the day but I did go for a walk that 

afternoon. Wandered around town about an hour or so. Went 

to the public beach for an hour or so. The rest of the day, 

I was here in my room. Why ?

 Did you speak with anyone Sunday  or Sunday night ?

Only to say hello to other people walking down town or the 

employees here. I did talk to Mom that evening. Why ?

 Bear with me a minute,please.

 Where were you a week from this past Saturday ?

Manda scowled and opened her mouth to object but he had 

anticipated her and stopped her with an impatient wave of 

his hand.

 Please answer, Ms. Harris.

 I was on the road, Detective. I left Gary, Indiana, 

Friday around noon and I was on my way here.

 Where did you stay Friday night ?

 At a motel in southern Indiana.

And Saturday ?

I drove through the rest of Indiana, through Kentucky and 

a little way into Tennesse. It was a nice drive. I took the 

scenic route all the way. I hate interstates.

 And Saturday night ?

She smiled remembering the Mimosas. I stayed at this 

beautiful little inn  Mimosa Lane Bed & Breakfast.

 Where is it locatedwhat town ?

 It wasnt in a town. Its country around there and  I 

dont remember the name of the closest town. If you can 

show me a map, maybe a name will ring a bell. Wait a 

minute, I still have the route trip-tic AAA gave me. Maybe 

that will help.

She rummaged through her purse and pulled it out. She 

studied it for a moment.

 Im not 100% sure but I think it might have been close 

toa town called Erin.

He handed Manda a grainy photograph. Do you recognize this 

woman ?

Manda studied his face as she reached for the picture. He 

looked grim and her stomach fluttered with unease. She 

looked down at the snapshot, glanced up at him with a  

anxious frown and looked back at the picture. She responded 

with hesitation.  This is the woman who owns Mimosa Lane, 

her voice little more than a whisper. Susan.

 Whats this all about, Detective Haworth ? Youre scaring 

me. Is something wrong ?

 Im sorry, Ms. Harris, but she was murdered Sunday 

night.

He watched as shock bleached the color from her face. She 

sat frozen for a few seconds; her eyes widened and her jaw 

dropped.

In the same low whisper, Youve made a terrible mistake. 

No one would hurt Susan. 

She began to slowly shake her head in denial while her eyes 

filled with tears.

Im sorry, Ms. Harris. Can I get you anything ?

He noticed that she had begun to tremble. He went to the 

bathroom and dampened a hand towel with cool water, then 

helped her to the bed, where she lay down and clasped the 

towel to her forehead. He dragged the coverlet over her and 

sat on the edge of the bed.

 Do you want me to call someone ?

She shook her head no, rolled to her side toward him and 

curled up in a ball. Not knowing what to do, he began to 

pat her shoulder. She reached for his hand and, finally, 

began to cry. He held her hand as she cried until there 

were no tears left.

Ten minutes or so went by during which he continued to hold 

her hand. Then she let go of his hand, rolled onto her back 

and threw her arm over her eyes.

She was about to have a baby, Manda said in a dull voice.

She had him- hes fine. Her mother and husband are caring 

for him.

 I met her husband. How is he doing ?

 Hes having a very hard time. The doctor has him on 

medication.

Do the police have any clue who did it?

No, not yet, Manda

 Were the two of you old friends?

 No, I just met her that day and I left the next day close 

to noon. Its justshe was so nice, so sweet, so happy. Her 

husband was really nice too. They were a really cute couple 

with everything going for them. A whole life ahead of 

them.

She and I had breakfast together Sunday morning and had a 

good chat. I really enjoyed her.

 Their home was a paradise. It was obvious that they put a 

lot of work into the house and groundsflowers everywhere. 

Beautifuljust like Susan was beautiful.

Manda, did you notice anything unusual while you were 

there? Were there any visitorsphone calls, deliveries, 

anything at all?

 Not a thing. Everything was perfect, Detective. Peaceful 

and quiet.

Manda, if you remember anything, no matter how small, call 

me.

I will. If you find out anything, will you let me know?

If I can, I will. I have to leave now. Will you be ok?

Manda nodded, with her arm still over her eyes.

Gary stood to leave.

Detective Haworth.

Yes, Ms. Harris ?

 I saw part of a news segment that showed a picture of a 

blonde woman. It was an odd picture. She had her eyes 

closed. I didnt turn the TV on in time to catch the story, 

but she looked familiar. Later that night, just before I 

fell asleep, I realized that she looked a lot like Susan. 

Who was that woman ?

Gary looked down at Susan who was still lying with her arm 

over her eyes.

 It was a photograph of the young woman who was recently 

murdered. We hoped to get an identification by showing her 

picture.

 Was she the woman found on Live Oaks ?

Gary hesitated,Yes, she was.

Gary watched as a shudder traveled through Mandas body. 

She said nothing, however. 

Can I do anything for you before I leave ?

Manda slowly shook her head.

 Im sorry to disturb you further, but I need you to lock 

your door behind me, Ms. Harris.

She slowly stood and followed him to the door. He looked at 

her red swollen eyes.

If its ok, Id like to call you later to see how youre 

doing.

She nodded .

He walked into the hall and waited until she closed the 

door and he heard the lock engage before he headed for the 

elevator.



DECEMBER 2004

                                                 #

Manda lay on the bed and thought about everything that had 

happened since shed left Gary. She felt totally drained. 

With no more tears to shed, imaginings began to bounce 

around and collide in her brain.

God, I wish I was old enough to order wine or something 

alcoholic. I sure could use it.

She rolled over and reached for the phone. As she listened 

to it ring on the other end, she kept repeating, Be there, 

be there, be there.

She blew a sigh of relief as she heard the receiver lifted. 

Hello, said a mans voice.

Frank, is Mom there ? I need to speak with her.

No, she isnt Manda. Can I help?

With despair tingeing her voice she said,Oh Frank. I 

really need to talk with her. Please have her call me as 

soon as she gets homeno matter how late it is.

Baby, youre going to see her first. Shes on an airplane 

heading your way. Her plane took off about 20 minutes ago.

Really ?? Thats greatwonderful.THANK HEAVENS ! What 

time is she getting in ?  Ill pick her up.

 Well, she plans on just calling a cab. She didnt want 

you to know ahead of time; she was afraid youd try to talk 

her out of it. Shes been real worried about you. You know 

how she is; she gets these feelings and she wont quit 

worrying until she checks things out for herself.

Is everything OK, Manda ? You do sound a little strange.

 Im fine, Frank. Just very busy and overwhelmed by 

everything. Itll be great to see Mom.

Shell be relieved to see you too, honey. Shes due to 

land at 10:45 your time. Delta, 

flight 20074.

 Thanks Frank. You take care of yourself, OK ?

I will. You give her a big hug and kiss for me and tell 

her to stay out of trouble, he chuckled.

Dont worry, I will.

Bye, Frank.

Bye, sugar.

Manda hugged herself with relief. Grown up she may be; but 

right now, seeing her Mom would feel very comforting.

DECEMBER 2004



                                                 #


Manda, feeling better knowing comfort and company was on the way, tidied the room and then then took shower,letting the water spray on her face to ease the burning of her eyes. She took her time and gradually the warm water began to relax her body and wash the cobwebs from her mind. She dressed in comfortable clothes and sat  down with the local map to find the route to the airport. She decided to leave early. She didnt want or need to feel rushed. After putting the map and flight information in her bag, she left to pick up her mom.

                       #

He had walked up and down the block and past the entrance to the hotel several times. There was no particular reason other than a vague feeling of need. As he approached the entrance again, the door was pushed open by the doorman and SHE walked out, approaching a car waiting at the curbside. He ducked behind a column of the portico and watched as the valet stepped out of the car and helped her behind the wheel. After a few seconds to fasten her seatbelt, she moved into the traffic and disappeared from view.
A glance at his watch told him that she was leaving the hotel fairly late and probably wouldnt be away long. He made a sudden decision, entered the hotel, and walked to the bar. He ordered a drink and prepared to wait for her return.

                          #

    Manda checked and found her moms flight to be on time. To get her bearings, she followed the signs to the security check point, located the nearest Starbucks, and with coffee in hand, found a small table where she would sit and wait for her moms arrival.

                         #

Gary sat at the bar, impatiently waiting and sipping on his second white Russian. He had decided that this one would be the last. Where is she, dammit?
He had tried to call her to see how she was doing after the shock he had given her this afternoon, but the desk clerk told him that she had left the hotel. He had paced up and down in front of the hotel before deciding to wait at the bar for her, thus making a complete fool of himself. The little spitfire vixen who had tried to rip his eye out was getting under his skin.just like a damn splinter and he didnt want her there.
He spun on his stool as a hand gripped his shoulder.
 A little touchy,Gary?, grinned Mr. Lanier.
 Oh..hey John, I guess I am. Im surprised to see you. Do you come here often ?
Naw, not too often. Just when I need to wind down a little. Its nice and quiet here.
John swung onto the stool beside him. Can I buy you another drink, Gary ?
 Thanks, but no thanks. Ive had my limit.
 How are you John ?
Im OK. Any progress on the investigation?
Not much. Were still gathering information. Lots of people working on it. We hope to have a break through soon.
What are you doing here , Gary ? I didnt know you imbibed.
I dont very often. Guess Im just doing the same as you. Trying to relax.
John grinned at him.  You sure you werent drawn here by the little gal in 210 ?
I admit that Im a little curious about her. I was going to ask her a few more questions, but shes not here.
I knahI know youll catch up to her.
 Well, I better be getting home. Paperwork to do, you know. Never can get caught up. Ahsee you around, Gary.
John abruptly stood and walked toward the lobby.
Someone else brushed against Gary, obviously in a hurry.
Glancing around, Gary saw that he was the only one in the bar. Guess everyone decided that Im contagious with something.
He spun his stool to face the bar knowing that the reflection in the bar length mirror would alert him to her return.

                       #


Manda craned her neck checking the people who were 

streaming past her, looking for her mom. She suddenly saw a 

familiar hair style and color and, with a happy look on her 

face, moved to intercept her mom.

Manda, is that you !! Why, I didnt expect to see you 

here. I was going to surprise you.

Frank gave you away,Mom.

Its SO good to see you, Manda said while throwing her 

arms around Teresa. As Teresa hugged her back, Manda heard 

her moms voice in her ear.

Its so good to see you too, Honey, Teresa said with a 

hitch in her voice.

Manda grabbed her moms hand.

Lets grab your luggage and get out of here.

They hastened to baggage claim , talking non stop, then 

fidgeted while waiting for the two suitcases to spill over 

onto the conveyer belt. Finally they appeared; each grabbed 

a case and began rolling them toward the door. A few 

moments later, they labored to lift the bags into the 

trunk. 

 Jeeez, Mom, what did you pack ? Free weights ?

 Well, I didnt know exactly what Id need, so I packed a 

little bit of everything. 

Manda laughed. No Kidding !!

They didnt talk much on the way to the hotel as Manda was 

having to remember the route in reverse.

As they drew closer to the hotel, Manda asked her mom if 

she was hungry.

No, Im fine. I had a snack on the plane.



DECEMBER 2004


Well, let me know if you get hungry later.
 
Manda pulled up in front of the hotel. Teresa wriggled her 

brows at Manda in surprise and delight when the doorman 

escorted them inside and a bellboy grabbed the bags. 

Manda, I think Im going to really enjoy this visit !

As they began to move through the lobby. Manda panicked at 

the sound of a familiar voice.

Ms.Harris, excuse me, may I have a moment ?

Manda swung around to face Detective Haworth, anxiety 

painted on her face as she wildly sought a way to prevent 

her mom from finding out about  the murder investigation. 

She had wanted an opportunity to explain the present 

circumstances to her mom without frightening her any more 

than necessary. 

Ahhahh, Mom, this is a good friend and associate of Mr. 

Lanier. Mr. Haworth has been kind enough to help me get 

acquainted with Gulf Shores. Mr. Haworth, Id like to 

introduce you to my mother, Teresa Wembly. She just arrived 

in town and I havent had the chance to bring her up to 

date on things. Mom is tired and we have a lot of catching 

up to do.

After a split second, Gary realized Mandas concern . 

Im so glad to meet you, he said, reaching to shake 

Teresas hand. 

 I would be honored to take you ladies out for dinner 

tomorrow evening. May I call in the morning to make 

arrangements ?

Mandas facial expression relaxed into relief.

 Thank you, Mr. Haworth. Dinner sounds wonderful. Ill 

expect your call in the morning.

 Its been a great pleasure to meet you, Mrs. Wembly. Im 

looking forward to getting better acquainted with you.

Thank you, Mr. Haworth. Its always a pleasure to meet a 

friend of Mandas.

Well, Ill wish you ladies a good evening and be on my 

way.

 Good evening, Mr. Haworth,  echoed Manda and Teresa as 

they turned toward the elevator.

Manda, Youve been keeping secrets.

Manda looked quickly at her mom, noticing the teasing note 

in her moms voice, to see a broad smile beneath 

questioning eyes.

Hes just a friend of mine.

Really? Well, hes a very attractive friend; sexy too !

 Mother, youre just an impossible romantic.

You think so ? Teresa winked at a blushing Manda as the 

elevator doors closed.



DECEMBER 2004                                                 #



He stood on the sidewalk across from the hotel. His insides 

twisted up from seeing 

the two of them together. Sweat poured from his face even 

as he shivered from chills.

What do you want from me ?? I dont think I have enough 

strength anymore. I should be 

filled with strength and power from Susan. You must know 

the agony Ive been going through because of her loss. Why 

didnt you grant me those things that I need and deserve  

for doing your bidding ? Why ?

He turned to walk away.his heart so heavy with a need for  

peace. He became aware of the heavy beating of many wings 

and looked up to see the silhouettes of hundreds of bats 

diving, soaring, and swirling against the backdrop of the 

streetlights. He turned to run when he realized that they 

were wheeling in the air and coming closer to him. He ran 

faster with fear clouding his vision. He ran until he could 

run no longer. He bent over, hands on knees as he fought to 

pull enough air into his lungs. It seemed to take forever 

before his heart began to slow and his breathing began to 

satisfy his need for oxygen. He slowly stood, seeing his 

shadow cast by light from a streetlamp onto the surface of 

the sidewalk. His shadow looked as defeated as he felt. 

What is wrong with me ! My strength is gone..my power is 

gone..my courage is gone !

His shadow began to move as he turned to walk away. He 

didnt notice the malevolent gaze of the solitary bat 

clinging to the shoulder of his jacket.


                                                                  #



After a brief consult with Teresa, Manda ordered a pot of 

decaf coffee and several different small loaves of tea 

breads to be sent to her room.

Teresa unpacked just the items she would need until 

morning. They both changed into comfortable nightgowns and 

slippers. 

Room service delivered their snack and they curled up in 

the two huge chairs; prepared to relax.

Mom, lets just have a chat now. I know you must be 

exhausted so lets wait until tomorrow to cover everything 

else.

OK, but its going to be hard to wait. Ive always been an 

impatient sort of person, you know.

I know, but if we get started now, well be up all night.

Did you bring Dads genealogy with you?

Teresa nodded while cutting slices of the breads.

I hope you get more out of it than I--Its a little 

confusing.

What do you mean ?

Well, I havent really studied it, but something is 

nagging at me. I think some dates are wrongnot sure 

though.

Well work on it tomorrow. Maybe between the two of us, we 

can figure it out.

They sat nibbling, relaxing and enjoying each others 

company as they talked about 

mundane things.

How long can you stay,Mom?

As long as you can stand me, honey.

Youre going to be here a while then. We have so many 

interesting things to talk about, see, and do.

Teresa was overcome by a lip splitting yawn. Sounds good 

to me, but I do believe the day is getting to me. Im going 

to have to sleep this tea bread off. 

Me too. Do you need any help getting settled for the 

night ?

No sweetheart, Im not decrepit, you know.

Manda grinned at her.I know, Mom-you can still run rings 

around me anyday.

Well, I wouldnt go so far as to say that.

They stood and after a hug and kiss, Teresa , yawning, made 

her way to her bed. 



Manda wrapped the rest of the bread, tidied a little and 

prepared for bed.

Shortly after she lay down, she smiled, pleased that her 

mom was with her, but the smile turned to a sober 

expression as she thought of the disturbing things she 

would have to share with her tomorrow before Detective 

Haworth took them to dinner.

                                               #

Jesse stood in the center of the living room. Everything 

looked the same as it had several months ago, except for a 

thin layer of dust covering everything and the stale smell 

of a place thats been closed up for a while.

Tomorrow morning would be soon enough to clean it up and 

make it feel like home again. He carried his duffle bag 

into the small bedroom, tossed it on the bed, and began to 

unpack. Hed only brought a few things with him; hed get 

the rest after he cleaned and stocked up on groceries 

tomorrow.

He walked around the house throwing the windows open for 

fresh air and switched the ceiling fans on to aid in 

circulation. He closed the door on the spotless 

refrigerator, plugged it in , and started her up-enjoying 

the familiar hum.

He walked onto the front porch and let the outdoor scents 

and sounds that he had missed so much, bring him home 

again. He had felt so disconnected since hed had to move 

off the estate after Nanny May died.

Jesse had been glad when Mr. Lanier called him and asked 

him if he could return to his job. About time. Jesse had 

called the other two guys and was very relieved when they 

said they could come back to work. He desperately needed 

their help. He had done all he could do by himself, but had 

been able to keep up with only the basics. It would be 

great to get the place back to what it had been when hed 

moved out.
 He took several deep breaths enjoying the smell and taste 

of rich earth, evergreens, and roses before he turned 

to enter the house and get ready for bed. He had a lot to 

do tomorrow.

ADD TO CD###############

DECEMBER 2004 

                                                         #

Teresa and Manda had slept until 8:30. After quick wake up 

showers, they hurried to the dining room for breakfast. 

They caught up on the latest news while they ate. Teresa 

did most of the talking, regaling Manda with her 

experiences at the hospital where she was a volunteer.

Over a second cup of coffee, Teresa studied Mandas face.

Did you sleep well last night ? You have shadows under 

your eyes.
 
It was a little hard getting to sleep, Mom. I think I was 

just so excited about you being here.

Im glad to be here, but we better hit the sack early 

tonight so you can get some rest.OK ?

Sounds good,Mom.

What are we going to do first today ? See Live Oaks ?

I thought wed have a nice talk first so I can fill you in 

on everything. We cant leave until Detective Haworth 

calls, anyway.

Did you say Detective, Manda ?

Yeah, thats one of the things I have to talk to you 

about.

Teresa opened her mouth to speak but Manda stopped her with 

a wane smile.  Lets have coffee sent to the room and 

well have us a gab fest, Mom.OK ?

Teresa, with worry shadowing her eyes, slowly nodded as 

they stood to leave the dining room. The trip up in the 

elevator was silent. Teresa watched Manda and Manda watched 

the floor indicator.

How on earth am I going to explain all this weird stuff to 

her? Somehow, shes going to have to adjust all at once to 

things that Ive had over a week to try to comprehend.

The elevator door opened and they headed for their room, 

both of them pensive.

Several hours later, coffeepot empty, they sat in their 

chairs exhausted.

Teresa stared out the window and picked at the fringe of 

the throw she had drawn around her shoulders in an attempt 

to stop her chills. 

Manda watched her mom with great apprehension. 

Mom ?

Teresa snapped out of her reverie with a sigh.

Manda, why dont we get on a plane and go to Seattle ! You 

can live with Frank and I while you go to college or 

something.

Mom, dont go off into the stratosphere. I know Ive hit 

you with a lot of upsetting things, but you and I just need 

time to adjust and make sense of all this. There has to be 

a reasonable explanation.

Manda, how can there be a reasonable explanation for the 

murders ? 

Mom, they took place hundreds of miles apart. Detective 

Haworth said that the one here probably had nothing to do 

with this property. It happened a long way from the house. 

A coincidence. 

Besides, Mr.Lanier has really beefed up security with 

guards and guard dogs. The entire staff will be at the 

estate and the police are working very hard on these 

crimes.

Mom, well be  seeing Detective Haworth tonight. We can 

get more information and get his opinion on what we should 

do. Lets try not to freak out yet. OK ?

I dont know, Manda.

Mom, lets get our minds on something else until we see 

him. I can take you for a tour of the town and we can stop 

at that little restaurant I told you about. You can meet 

Kate and Ill show you the pictures of Live Oaks and Nanny 

May. Lets not make any decisions now.

All right. Im going to change clothes first.

Manda waited until her mom had closed her door then grabbed 

the phone directory, looked up a number and placed her 

call. 

 May I speak with Kate please?

 You got her. Can I help you.

Kate, this is Manda. Ive got to talk fast. Im going to 

be bringing Mom in to meet you in a little bit. I havent 

had a chance to tell her about what happened at the beach 

so dont say anything.

Mums the word, Manda.

Thanks Kate. Bye.

Manda had barely replaced the phone when it rang.

She gingerly answered it,Hello.

Ms. Harris, this is Detective Haworth. May I pick you and 

your Mom up at 7:00 this evening for dinner ?

 That will be fine. How should we dress..casual or what ?

Casual will be perfect. Ill come to your room to pick you 

up.

 Thanks, see you then. Bye.

Teresa entered the room,Who was that,honey ?

Detective Haworth. Hell be here at 7:00.

Good, maybe hell have some answers for us.

                                                              #

The tour was a success. The town was an interesting mix of 

the old and the new but each style complimented the other. 

It was obvious that the city planning committee had taken 

great care to keep the towns appearance cohesive, charming 

and gracious.

Teresa wanted to go to the beach but Manda just wasnt 

ready for that so she used the excuse that time was 

slipping by and they had to have plenty of time to prepare 

for their dinner date.

I see, Teresa  said with a sideways glance at her 

daughter.

Mom, stop teasing. Hes just doing his job.

 Does thinking about his job put a bloom in your cheeks, 

Sweetie ?, laughed Teresa.

Manda rolled her eyes even as she felt more warmth creep 

into her face.

Mom, youre incorrigible!

Dont you mean encouragable, Manda ?

Mom, I dont think thats in the dictionary.

If it isnt, it should be, Teresa said with a snicker.

                                                      #


Manda parked close to Breakfast, Brunch, and Lunch.

We dont have a lot of time, but I want you to meet Kate. 

Shes so nice.

Why, what a cute name. The name she chose for her 

restaurant, I mean. It just rolls off your tongue, doesnt 

it ?

Yes, it does. Her food is great, too. If it wasnt so 

late, Id buy you lunch, but we better settle for coffee. 

That OK, Mom?

Thats fine,honey. You dont want to ruin your appetite 

for your date.

Manda looked at her mom, ready with a retort, but Teresa 

looked so guileless that she didnt give voice to her 

thought.

They requested a table by the window and ordered coffee 

when the waitress appeared.

Will you tell Kate that Manda Harris is here and when she 

has time Id like to introduce her to my mom?

Right away. Is there anything I can get you?

No thanks.

Manda,this is a lovely place and so homey.

They both looked with admiration at the hanging baskets of 

alternating types of ivy gracing their window- one type 

with dark glossy leaves and one variegated with cream 

and green leaves-both full and lush.

Hi, Manda. Its good to see you again. I hear this is your 

mom. Im happy to meet you. I bet youre very proud of your 

beautiful daughter.


Manda sat somewhat embarrassed as the two woman discussed 

her virtues.

Ah, Mom, Id like to introduce you to a very good friend 

of mine, Kate. Kate, my mom, Teresa Wembly.

Kate, do you have time to sit for a minute?

Sure do, the brunch rush is about over. Itll be pretty 

slow for an hour or so.

Did you have a nice flight, Mrs. Wembly?

 Please call me Teresa and yes, I had a smooth flight.

Ill call you Teresa and you call me Kate.

Sounds good,Kate.

Kate, I want Mom to see the pictures of Nanny and Live 

Oaks.

They walked over to the pictures. Teresas eyes were drawn 

to the shots of Nanny May.

Oh, Im amazed by the likeness of you two,honey. 

Interesting, this one of her as a young girl reminds me of 

you as a child. You were happy but you would have that same 

intense sober expression on your facelike your thoughts 

were focused elsewhere. The difference between the two 

pictures is phenomenal. She seems much more relaxed and 

focused in the other one. You inherited not only her looks 

but her persona as well.

Teresas eyes drifted to the picture of Live Oaks and a 

puzzled expression grew and settled on her face.

Mom, what is it?

 I know Ive never seen this place before, but oddly, it 

feels familiar.Maybe Ive seen a similar house before.

This estate has been featured in several magazines 

before,Teresa, so perhaps thats where you saw it.

Could be, I guess.

 Mom, were going to have to leave. 

Manda smiled at Kate.

We have been invited to dinner tonight by Detective 

Haworth.

Yes, we have to get beautiful, dont we Manda?

Mom,honestly !!!

Mandas cheeks bloomed again as Teresa winked at Kate. 

Kate grinned.You could do worse, hes a good looking guy.

You two are impossible.Im leaving.

Kate and Teresa laughed as Manda  walked to the door with a 

rigid stance and head held high. She turned at the door.

Mother ?

Im coming, Sweetie.

A few minutes later on the way back to the hotel, Teresa 

glanced over at Manda  and broke out laughing.

For goodness sake, you look like a stogy librarian. You 

used to be able to take a little teasing,honey.

Its been a tough week,Mom. I guess I not into being 

teased right now.

Every woman enjoys teasing and talking about a hot 

hunk..looking at one is even better!

Mom! What would Frank think if he heard you?

Teresa laughed harder,Manda, do you honestly think Id be 

stupid enough to talk like this around Frank?

Manda smiled and began to loosen up.

If Im going to be honest,Mom, I think hes a hot hunk 

too.

Well,there you are!

The rest of the ride to the hotel was spent laughing and 

discussing each ones list of top ten hot hunks.

They were still laughing when they entered the lobby. 

Ms. Harris, you have a message,caught their attention.

Turning toward the desk,Manda grinned at Teresa.

Mom, I bet its from Frank. He knows what weve been 

talking about.

They grinned at each other then Manda turned to reach for 

the envelope.

Thank you.

Youre welcome,Ms Harris. Manda opened the envelope after 

they stepped into the elevator. 

Everything OK?

Fine,Mom. Its from Mr Lanier. He says that hes taken the 

liberty to call the landscape team back to work on Live 

Oaks. If Im not OK with that, Im to call him right away.

When we get back to the room, I have to read about the 

staff . I have to call them anyway. Sorry Mom, but Ill 

have my nose in paperwork for a while.

Dont worry, Im capable of entertaining myself.Do 

whatever you need to do,hon.

                                                            #

Stacked neatly around her on the bed were various lists and 

information she had to sift through. She sat cross legged 

in the middle of the bed with a pen tucked over her ear and 

a pad of notepaper. She had read all she had on the 

security team and guard dogsall of it reassuring. Any 

other information she needed would  have to be learned 

hands on, so to speak. She was now tackling the members 

of the staff. She wasnt concerned about their trust 

worthiness as Nanny May and Mr. Lanier had been well 

satisfied. She was just interested in learning more about 

them individually.

Wow, there was a live-in housekeeper ,maid, and cook. A 

chauffeur who was also mechanically inclined had lived in 

an apartment over the 6 car garage. The head landscape 

architect and boss of the gardening team lived in the 

groundskeepers cottage and had 3 assistants who lived in 

town and came in every day. Two maids also came in 

daily. There was a list of trusted service people who 

maintained the estate on an as needed basis. Everything 

seemed to be well organized and she decided that there was 

no reason at this time to change anything. If someone 

didnt work out, shed deal with that when the time came.

She made a note to call Mr. Lanier to OK the staff and to 

see if perhaps he or Grace could contact the staff and 

bring them back to work as soon as possible.

The oldest staff member was the housekeeper and she was 

only 46. The cook was next at 38. The rest averaged  in the 

late twenties to early thirties. Almost all were descended 

from previous staff members so had much experience with the 

workings of Live Oaks. 

Manda felt very reassured about all dealings concerning 

Live oaks after reading all available info.

Manda decided that now was as good a time as any and picked 

up the phone, placing a call to Mr. Lanier.

Grace, this is Manda Harris.

Hello Ms. Harris. What can I do for you ?

Would you give Mr. Lanier a message for me ? Tell him that 

Im satisfied with his recommendations about the staff and 

security.

I wonder if you or he could contact all of them and 

reinstate them to their positions?

Yes, Ms. Harris, wed be happy to do it.

 When everyone is in place, Id like to meet them all as 

soon as possible. Its time I moved onto the estate,I 

believe.

Will do. Ill let you know as soon as we have everything arranged so we can make an 

appointment for you to meet them.

Thats great ,Grace. Thanks so much.

Youre welcome. Youll be hearing from me soon.

OK, Bye now.

Whew, thats got the ball rolling.

Manda went to her closet and selected an outfit with 

accessories for dinner.Just as she was preparing to jump 


into the shower, Teresa walked into the suite, excited from 

a window shopping stroll down main street. 

Manda, we have to do this together soon. There are so many 

lovely shops with everything a person could possibly want.

We will,Mom. Im looking forward to it. We havent been on 

a shopping trip in years.

 Im going to take my bath,Mom.I wont be long.

Ok, honey. When youre finished, Ill get ready. Enjoy 

getting prettied up.

Manda just rolled her eyes at Teresa then disappeared into 

the bathroom.

                                                             #

The phone rang at 7:00 on the nose. The clerk on the desk 

said that Detective Haworth had asked him to notify Ms. 

Harris of his imminent arrival. Manda flitted to the mirror 

for a last check of her appearance.

Manda, you are gorgeousquit futzing.

You look great too,Mom. 

Teresa wore a bright green pullover with matching slacks. 

Casual but chic.

Green is your color,Mom. Compliments your hair and eyes.

Manda was happy with the way she looked. She was wearing a 

scoop neck sleeveless 

pullover top in a jewel tone blue with matching trim 

fitting slacks. She had then put on a black semi-sheer 

gauzy big shirt with the buttons left unfastened down to 

her waist. Placed low on her hips at a jaunty angle rode a 

heavy silver link belt which caused the black shirt to 

blouse over the belt just a little and drape nicely from 

her breasts. She had pulled her hair back behind her ears 

and fastened it with combs so that her dangling silver 

earrings could be seen. Stray curls had escaped, however, 

gracing her forehead and twining down beside her cheeks. 

The over-all effect was sexy as hell.

Manda smiled at her reflection.

Just the effect I want.

A tap at the door interrupted her thoughts and Manda, with 

a skip to her heart, swung the door open to reveal the hot 

hunk that she and her mother had discussed earlier. 

Yep, he looks just as handsome in casual as he does in a   

suit.

Come in,Detective. Well be ready in a few seconds.

Gary watched with admiration as she checked that her keys 

were in the small purse,slung the bag over her shoulder, 

and walked with her mother toward the door. The trip to the 

lobby and out to the car was silent. Gary was embarrassed 

to find that he was tongue tied and hadnt a clue as to how 

to carry on a decent conversation. His relief was obvious 

when Teresa spoke up.

 My daughter explained the situation- the murders and that 

youre a Detective. You dont have to be concerned about 

discussing it.

Thank you for telling me, Mrs. Wembly. Thats a big 

relief.

These few sentences helped to relieve the tension felt by 

Gary and Manda.

Thank heavens that worked, thought Teresa.

 I think youll enjoy the restaurant. The food is great, 

the service is great,they have a huge menu, and the 

location is special. The building isnt very ritzy, but 

everything else makes up for it.

Well be there in a few minutes.

Manda, who had been taking in the sights, suddenly realized 

that the view ahead held only an empty horizon.

Oh my God. Were heading for the beach.

She felt her muscles tighten and had a short spell of 

dizziness followed by her heart  beginning to gallop. Her 

mouth felt dry and her hands cold and clammy.

Stop this right nowit was just a stupid hallucinationnot 

real. Get a grip or Mom and the Detective are going to 

think Im nuts.

Manda took several slow, deep breaths and repeated to 

herself what Kate had told her about Nanny May having 

visions. Her heart gradually slowed to something 

approaching a normal beat.

I can do this ! I can do this ! I can do this !

The car began to slow and turn into a large crowded parking 

lot.

Ive reserved a table, so we wont have to wait.

As he escorted them into the restaurant, Manda noticed that 

her knees were a little wobbly but she was feeling better. 

That changed when the waiter led them to a table on a 

rear deck facing the gulf. Manda quickly grabbed a chair 

with her back to the water.

Honey, youre a little pale. You OK.

Im fine ,Mom. Just hungry, I guess.

May I bring everyone a before dinner drink.

Yes,Please,Manda blurted.

Teresa looked at her with a surprised glance,aware that 

Manda didnt indulge in alcoholic drinks.

Ah.what do you suggest,Manda asked with some confusion 

and embarrassment. She knew nothing at all about drinks.

Margeritas seem to be popular.Ladies particularly like 

strawberry margaritas. Long Island Tea is another popular 

drink.

Ill have the tea, Manda said, thinking that tea sounded 

like the lesser of the two evils.

Gary raised his brows, but said nothing.

He and Teresa gave their orders and leaned back in their 

chairs to relax.

Teresa surreptiously kept an eye on Manda as her daughter 

stiffly perched on the edge of her chair.Teresa began to 

chatter away about the view in an attempt to defuse the 

tension in her daughter and was rewarded by a slight 

relaxation in Mandas rigidity.

The remainder of needed relaxation was accomplished by her 

drink. The sound of the troubling surf had changed to 

soothing music to her ears.

Finally, Gary stretched his hand to move Mandas tea to his 

side of the table.

I apologize Ms. Harris, but I can tell youre not used to 

alcohol. This particular drink has several liquors in it, 

not just one. Its pretty potent and I dont want to be 

responsible for you having a slitting headache in the 

morning, among other things.

I think we need some food,he said,as he gestured for the 

waiter.

Teresa ordered chicken and broccoli fettichini alfredo, 

Manda grilled chicken with roasted vegetables, and Gary 

chose steak with baked potato. A huge salad arrived 

first,followed by the entre, and completed with coffee. No 

one had room for dessert.

Manda felt wonderful. The drink had relaxed her and the 

food had taken the edge off of the drink.
 
Dinner conversation had become relaxed and lively. 

Undesirable subjects had been avoided. There was laughter 

and a bit of flirting between Manda and Gary, which Teresa 

watched with a satisfied smile. By dinners end, everyone 

was on a first name basis.

Would you ladies like a stroll on the beach?

Teresa couldnt help but notice the startled look in her 

daughters eyes.

I dont believe so, Teresa said. Im getting a little 

tired and we have a lot to do tomorrow,dont we Hon?

Manda nodded and looked at Teresa with obvious relief.

Light conversation rode back to the hotel with them.

Gary escorted them to their suite and stood somewhat 

awkwardly. Teresa excused herself after thanking Gary for a 

lovely evening and entered the room, leaving Manda and Gary 

outside the door.

They looked at each other for a moment

May I see you again,Manda?

 I would enjoy that very much, Gary.

He stepped toward her and with the tip of his finger , he 

traced a slow gentle outline of her lips,his gaze following 

the movement of his finger. The intensity in his eyes 

sharpened as his gaze moved upward to meet hers.He placed a 

warm palm on each side of her face and moved his hands back 

and under her hair until they cupped the back of 

her head. He began to draw her to him by clutching her 

curls with his hands. With a gentle touch, he tipped her 

head back by tugging on her hair. He lowered his head and 

with the tip of his tongue now traced her lips as his 

finger had a moment before. His lips met hers in a slow 

kiss so light that Manda felt only a slight touch.

He abruptly dropped his hands and stepped back, his eyes 

locked on hers.After a few seconds he turned and walked 

down the hall toward the staircase.

Manda stared after him, watched as he opened the door to 

the stairs, and listened as the door closed with a quiet 

click.

Her mind and body were flooded with sensations and emotions 

that shed never experienced before. She leaned against the 

wall hugging herself in an attempt to still her trembling. 

Tears threatened to spill over and down her cheeks.

In a fit of frustration and temper, she yelled after 

him,Gary Haworth, didnt your parents teach you that when 

you start something youre supposed to finish it !

She opened the door and slammed her way into the room.

Teresa looked up from her book, That good,huh ?

Mom, my life is RUINED, I dont have control anymore, Im 

a GONER, Mom !

Manda, sit down and lets talk about this.

Mom, I cant talk to you about THIS!

Of course,you can. Who better to talk with. Sweets, Im 

100% sure that I know how youre feeling right now.

 MOM, he KISSED me !

That good,huh?

I mean he really,REALLY kissed me. He has to have taken 

lessons. Nobody can kiss like that without having LOTS of 

experience.

That good,huh?

MOOOOM !

Im sorry, honey. I bet youve never had a deep 

relationship with a man, have you ?

Nothing even near this.

Manda, I do believe youve had your first taste of the 

agony and ecstasy of a very moving relationship.

Well,I HATE it.

 Manda, I know its confusing, scary, and maybe a little 

embarrassing at first. Youre having all sorts of new and 

puzzling physical feelings.You feel like everything in your 

life has flip flopped and life will never be the same.if 

youre lucky,it wont. Honey,I want to tell you that I 

think that you are very,very lucky. There are unfortunate 

woman who never experience the things that you are.

But Mom, Im so miserable.

I know Manda. Relax and enjoy !

Manda stared at her mother, disbelief on her face.

Manda, Im giving you good advice here. Im not a dried up 

old woman and I have felt the same things. Thats how its 

supposed to be.

Manda continued to stare at her mother, then suddenly began 

laughing and crying at the same time.

Teresa winked at her daughter,That good,huh !



DEC 2004

                                                          #

About 20 minutes later,Teresa heard Mandas door open and 

looked up from her book to see her daughter looking at her 

with a sober expression.Manda smiled a little at her mom.

Mom, were you serious when you said I could talk to you 

about thisahthing with Gary?

Of course, I was serious. Would you like to sit and talk?

I think maybe I would like to discuss this,she said as 

she sat down across from Teresa.

Mom, I dont understand why I reacted so much to his kiss. 

It wasnt much more than a slight brush against my lips, 

but I thought Id die when he stepped back from me. Arent  

attraction and passion supposed to be more than a touch on 

the lips ? 

Ive been kissed and romanced before by some of the best, 

well, I think anyway. I have been flattered, given flowers 

and jewelry, Ive even heard a few,I love you, 

declarations. I was really attracted to some of those guys, 

but here I am, falling to pieces over one tiny kiss. I 

dont get it !

Teresa laid her book down and thought for a minute. 

Honey, I can only give you my thoughts and feelings based 

on my own experiences, but I do believe most women feel the 

same as I. 

I think that men and women perceive the expression of love 

and desire from two different points of view. If men 

approached and treated the women in their lives in the 

right manner, they would be amazed and delighted by their 

mates response. They would discover that they had every 

mans fantasy right there in their arms.

Its sad that the two sexes find it so difficult to 

communicate with each otherto tell or show the partner 

what their romantic and sexual needs are and how to satisfy 

them.

This is a tiny example but.do you remember the 

movie,Dirty Dancing, with Jennifer Grey and Patrick 

Swayze?

 I saw it on TV a few months back.

The scene at the end of the movie when they are performing 

their dance on the stage of the lodge if front of a 

cheering audience of guests?

Yes, I remember.

The moment when he pulls her against him and looks into 

her eyes. His face is strong, almost stern, and you see him 

clinch his jaw.He looks into her eyes with such intensity , 

showing her all the longing, love, and sexuality in his 

souldirected toward her alone. 

The audience has ceased to exist. Its only the two of 

them. She throws her head back and laughs with the sheer 

joy and knowledge of his feelings for her that he has 

allowed her to see.

Most men would die before they would declare themselves so 

openly. 

Yes, I remember that partits impossible to forget 

itsends shivers up and down my spine.

Mine too,Sweets. Woman would turn into a form of silly 

putty if the man they loved looked in their eyes as he did. 

Every woman should have a Patrick Swayze !

Another example. The Pointer Sisters recorded a song years 

ago. Slow Hand.

Have you heard it,Manda, listened to the words?

I dont think so,Mom.

Every man who wants a satisfying love and sexual 

relationship should be forced to really listen to those 

words. It should be a mandatory teaching tool for men. Buy 

it and listen to the words, its a vital part of a womans 

desires and needs.

Have you seen the movie,Dance with me, with Vanessa 

Williams?

No.

Staying Alive?

No.

You dont watch movies much, do you?

Not old ones.

There arent a lot of current movies worth watching, 

Manda. We need to rent some of these so youll understand 

my viewpoint.

The point Im trying to make is that men and frequently 

women think that the ultimate display of love and passion 

is to rip the clothes off one another in an uncontrolled 

frenzy of arousal. There is the occasional time when that 

is exciting, but most of the time thats is not what its 

all about. Love making for a woman requires a prequel, the 

movie itself and a sequel. I seem to be stuck in movie 

mode, huh , but I think that in the majority of cases, the 

only time women see an example of the kind of relationship 

they want is on the silver screen. 

Why men cant see that there must be a reason why women 

love so called  girly movies , is beyond me ! If they 

would take time and show sensitivity, theyd be rewarded by 

their partner a thousandfold.

I think what you are enjoying and agonizing over is the 

beginning of the prequel, Sweets. 

Apparently, hes comfortable in his own skin and doesnt 

feel threatened by emotions and sensitivety. Hes willing 

to share those parts of himself without embarrassment .

It doesnt mean that he has a vast experience in seduction. 

In fact, Id guess that a woman would have to be very 

special to him before hed become involved in a romantic 

situation. I hope that eases your mind a little.

As for your response, women seem to be able to sense 

whether a man is posturing or being himself. You were 

already attracted to him, and what you sensed  tonight was 

his honesty and character. Add that to your attraction to 

him and you have an emotional explosion. That why a tiny 

kiss blew you into pieces.

 Why did you ask me if Id seen those Movies?

 I think you need to see the sensuous side of women so you 

know thats OK too.

 Maybe this hotel has a pay-for-view


Manda smiled,Want to watch a movie with me,Mom?

                                                                     #

The credits rolled down the television screen. Both women 

sat in silence, absorbed in their own thoughts. The spell 

broken by the sudden appearance of the blank screen, 

Manda glanced at her mom.

Whew ! What a movie. I had no idea that emotion that 

strong can be expressed by dance.

Oh,yes ! To me, the right dance with the right person at 

the right time ranks right up there with love making.a 

prelude,so to speak. Im not saying that a person has to be 

a professional dancer, either. Ordinary people have the 

same rush of sexuality. I just want you to know that there 

are many fascinating parts to a romancea healthy love 

relationship and that its Ok-wonderful.

I want to give an example of the way people view love and 

romance in this day and age compared to years ago. There 

was a movie called, I believe,From Here To Eternity 

filmed years ago that starred Burt Lancaster and Deborah 

Kerr. In it ,there was this breathtaking scene with them 

making love on a beach in the surf. It has become a classic 

scene that everyone even close to my generation recalls 

vividly. Such an impact, it made.

Well, the powers that be, decided to do a remake as a made 

for TV movie. Well, it was a bust. I remember being so 

excited to see it, and so disappointed by the remake of the 

beach scene. The director had opted for the frenzied,  out 

of control, rip the clothes off style. All I could think of 

while he was ripping her swim suit off was how he was 

hurting her. In his effort to yank the suits straps off her 

shoulders, he lost his grip and the spandex straps snapped 

her shoulders and upper arms like rubber bands. I kept 

thinking,ouch,ouch. Then he tried to strangle her with his 

tongue. Ludicrous. I dont know what on earth that director 

was thinking of !

In my opinion, that sort of thing is not a turn on for 

womensome men maybe, but not women

Youre probably right, Mom, but I havent enjoyed much in 

the way of relationships. Tonight kind of blew me away.

I noticed, Manda.

Manda grinned at Teresa, Yes,Momthat good .

The phone began to ring and Manda moved to answer feeling 

annoyed by the interruption.

 Manda,that you?

She recognized the voice.

 Frank, how nice to hear from you. How are you doing as a 

bachelor?

 Im surviving but I sure miss her. Everything OK?

Everything is fine, Frank. I bet youd love to speak with 

her, wouldnt you, Manda teased.

You bet. Put my better half on the phone.

Manda held the phone toward Teresa.

Mom, I have a lovesick pup on the line needing to hear 

your voice, she said with a grin.

Manda wandered into her bedroom to give them some privacy. 

She plopped onto her bed to think about what Teresa had 

said to her.

She could hear the murmur of her Moms voice and smiled at 

the tone of affection she heard.

Im sure Mom knows a heck of a lot more than I do about men 

and woman. Id better consider her thoughts seriouslythe 

voice of experience and wisdom.

Manda heard the sound of the phone being returned to its 

cradle and returned to the sitting room.

Everything OK,Mom?

Just fine, honey.

He got the pictures today you took of Live Oaks.

Oh, then you havent seen them. I would have thought youd 

have gotten them before you left home.

According to the postmark,I should have. I guess they got 

hung up in the mail somewhere.  He said the envelope was 

pretty battered.

Well, what did he think ?

He said that the mansion.thats what he called itis 

unbelievable. Very beautiful.

He is a little puzzled though. He said that as uneasy as 

you are about lightening, he cant believe that you stood 

out in a raging thunderstorm to snap pictures. I told him 

that you were probably so excited that you were able to 

overcome your fear.

No, it was a gorgeous daycould not have been any 

prettier.The pictures must have been damaged.He said the 

envelope was in bad shape?

Yes.

That must be what happened. Has to be, because the weather 

was great.



                                                           #

He stood in the shadows under the great tree leaning 

against the trunk and enjoying the soft gleam of the lights 

spilling from the windows of the cottage. It was good to 

see lights in the cottage again.

In a few weeks, Live Oaks would be in its glory again with 

its spacious grounds beautiful and immaculate.

The house would come alive with the return of the staff and 

would soon be returned to its majestic splendor.

His friends and loved ones in the old cemetery would rest a 

little easier and be more patient with him in his 

endeavors.

The feeling he was experiencing from being a part of the 

restoration of this magnificent estate was almost too 

joyous for him to contain.

He flicked his cigarette into the grass, ground the cinders 

out with his shoe, bent over to pick it up, and slipped it 

into his pocket. It wouldnt do to create more work for the 

grounds keeper, chuckling at the thought.

I want to celebrate this turn of events. He shrugged 

himself from the trunk and began to stroll toward the 

cottage.


                                                        #

Teresa had gone to bed, but Manda was too antsy to settle 

down. Her thoughts kept flitting from one thing to another. 

Gary seemed to be taking up a lot of her thoughts.plus the 

discussion with her mom. She became frustrated with her 

inability to concentrate on things other than Gary. She 

picked her up notebook planning to make a list for the next 

day. She began to check off the items already taken care 

off. As she crossed out the notation to mail the photos of 

Live Oaks to her mom, she suddenly remembered that she had 

a double set of the photographs. The topic of the 

conversation with her mom had pushed everything else from 

her mind. She jumped up, I have to look at those 

pictures, she murmured as she hurried to her room. After a 

moment of searching, she found the yellow envelope and 

hurried back to her chair.She stared at the packet for a 

minute feeling sudden anxiety. 

Suck it up,girl.

The first ones were of the grounds and the courtyard in 

front of the house. These look fine,Frank, you dolt. There 

is no storm.

Manda relaxed and leaned back into the chair, prepared to 

enjoy the pictures of Live Oaks. The next photo, however, 

brought her back to the edge of her seat. She looked at 

the imposing house with disbelief.

Oh, My God !

The house was beautiful-the climbing foliage on the stone 

walls was a study of  leaves in several shades of green, 

touched with contrasting shade and sunlight. Trees and 

shrubs cast their shadows. The windows captured the rays of 

the sun and flung them back into the lens of the camera. It 

was obvious from the contrasts beneath eaves and down one 

side of the door and windows that the sun was shining and 

the sky clear.

Except.

The upper fourth of the picture was very different. Roiling 

and twisting above the house were sinuous clouds of intense 

black and grey, with streamers of red intertwined. 
 
Throughout the clouds were frenzied bolts of lightening, 

striking sparks off of each other as they flew across the 

clouds in all directions. One jagged bolt shot down from 

the  clouds and where it struck the top of one of the 

chimneys, orange flames erupted.

Manda drew back in fear, then quickly looked through the 

remainder of the pictures. All of them that focusing on the 

house carried the same mass of uncontrolled elements 

writhing above.

Even though the sky caused terror to wash through Mandas 

body, the house seemed to promise sanctuary.

The sky seemed suffused with fury directed toward the 

house-the house seemed stoic and unafraid. An oasis  of 

serenity and confidence in a maelstrom of  unleashed 

enraged malevolence.

She flung the pictures onto the coffee table and began to 

rub her arms as goose bumps tickled her flesh and a chill 

enveloped her body.

Is this another vision ? No, it cant be, because Frank saw 

it too. 

WHAT HAVE I GOTTEN INTO ?!

Call Kate first thing  in the morning, Manda. Maybe shes 

seen this phenomenon or heard Nanny May talk about it.

She studied the pictures again and was a little relieved 

that the house was unchanged since her first look, still 

looking safe and protective.







----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Above these lines, written before Tuesday, January 11th, 2005






She put the pictures aside and gazed off into space ,deep 

in thought. A decision made, she located the the 

information on the security team and sat down to read it. 

She had decided that tomorrow might be a good day to take 

her mom to Live Oaks and get Teresas reaction to the house 

and grounds, but she wanted to be knowledgeable about the 

guards and dogs. 

There were only two pagesshouldnt take her much time.

The first page was a brief resume on each of the guards. 

All had training on security services; prior training with 

the canine unit and on the job experience, as well. One of 

them, Tod Rivers, had worked a private residence.

Jake Simon had worked night security on the grounds of an 

industrial park Mr. Grater, Richard, had been on the police 

force for years before becoming the head of the canine 

unit. He was now semi-retired.

The dogs, one a German Shepard named Bear, and the other, a 

Doberman with the unlikely name of Prissy, had been bred as 

guard dogs and had received extensive training. 

They had been placed with Tod and Jake who had now been the 

dogs handlers for several years. These two teams would be 

patrolling the grounds. One team during the 

day, one team would cover the afternoon. At night, Prissy 

and Bear would be allowed to roam free on the grounds while 

Mr. Grater would occupy the guardhouse at the gate.

A notation on the bottom of the last page informed Manda 

that Prior to meeting the team, she should make an 

appointment during which she would become acquainted with 

the dogs and be taught key commands. 

OK. Ill call the police station early in the morning and 

make arrangements. Ill set all this in motion so I can 

move in.

The plan solidified, Manda felt her muscles begin to relax.

 I didnt realize how tense I am.

She rolled her shoulders several times and slowly rotated 

her head. Time for bed; tomorrow was going to be a big day.


-----------------------------------------------------


Above written on 1-13




The phone on the bedside table woke Manda . Glancing at the 

clock, she realized she had slept in.

She lifted the receiver with reluctance. Going to bed so 

late, only to spend the night flinging the blankets about 

and attempting to punch the pillow into submission, was 

causing a brain fog.

Im not ready for a coherent conversation. My mind is still 

in neutral. 

Hello, she said, trying to smother a yawn so big that it 

threatened to split the corners of 

her lips.

Good morning, Manda. Mr. Lanier here. Sounds like you had 

a late night.

Not so much late as wrestling alligators all night,she 

replied around another painful yawn.

I wont keep you. I just want to let you know that all the 

staff has been contacted. Everyone is able and more than 

ready to get back to Live Oaks. I set a tentative time in 

two days for you to meet them, pending your approval, of 

course.

Sounds great to me. Thanks Mr. Lanier.

Ten oclock  Thursday morning OK ?

Fine, Im looking forward to it.

She replaced the phone and sat on the edge of the bed 

trying to pull her thoughts together.

Good morning, Hon,Teresa said, appearing in Mandas door 

tying the sash of her robe together.

Hi, Mom. I guess the phone woke you.

No, I was awake-just being lazy.

That was Mr. Lanier. The staff will be back to work in a 

couple days. Im supposed to meet them Thursday morning. 

Im glad youre here Mom. How on earth am I supposed to act 

around a staff ?

Cant help you, Sweetie. Ive never been so lucky, Teresa 

said with a smile, but Im sure youll do just fine.

Mom, would you order coffee ? Im going to see if a shower 

will wake me up.

Manda shrugged her robe on.

 Order some breakfast, tooand some pastries.

I can tell youre my daughter, Teresa grinned.  Its a 

good thing our metabolism is high !

                                             #

  A short time later, they both sighed with pleasure as 

they began their second coffee.

I feel so much better. The shower did wonders for me. The 

food didnt hurt either.

Teresa answered with another satisfied sigh.

Mom, how about going to Live Oaks today ?

That sounds perfect, Manda. What a great way to spend the 

day. Let me pop in the shower for my wake up call, then 

Ill be primed for the day.

Manda spent the next half hour listing what she wanted to 

accomplish while at the estate. 

After showing the main house to her mom, she wanted to 

check out the grounds and the cottage where Nanny May had 

lived. She had decided that she would live in the cottage 

for now. After all, the main house had no furnishings.

I cant wait to see Moms face when we arrive at Live Oaks.

Manda rechecked her list and put it in her purse.laying 

the purse and her camera on the table by the door of the 

suite.

 I hope the cottage is in order. Id like to move in as 

soon as possible.

Excitement began to quicken Mandas pulse .

Mom,are you about ready ?

Teresa walked through her bedroom door armed with her 

purse, a pair of sneakers, and an umbrella tucked under her 

arm.

Mom ? Manda burst out laughing. You packed an 

umbrella !

You never know whats going to come in handy, Hon.

Are you expecting a rain storm? The sun is dazzling-its a 

beautiful day!

See what I mean ? Not only am I ready for rain, but Ill 

be carrying my own shade while we walk around.

I see your point, Mom, as her grin flashed her dimples 

and humor twinkled her eyes.

Teresa brandished her umbrella toward the door with 

impatience as Manda picked up her camera and purse.

Brace yourself for a big surprise, Mom.

                                                                         #

Teresa gazed in rapture at the sentinels of oaks guarding 

the lane to the manor.

Oh, Manda, she breathed, Such beauty.

I know, Mom. I just cant believe its mine.

Manda drove slowly up the lane so they could feast on the 

magnificence of the grounds.

As they rounded the last curve and the house came into 

view, Teresa sucked in a gasp of delight.

Oh, my God ! Honey, I had NO idea ! The photographs just 

didnt capture the overwhelming essence of this mansion ! 

This isunbelievable ! 

Teresa began to bounce in her seat with excitement.

Manda laughed with delight at her moms reaction.

They parked in front of the entrance and jumped from the 

car. Manda fumbled with the keys as Teresa continued to 

bounce with impatience.Manda inserted the key and turned. 

The massive door swung open on its own without a sound.

They stepped into the foyer and both stood in silent awe as 

their eyes embraced the magnificent interior.

Oh, Manda, Manda, Manda , Teresa gushed.

She grabbed Mandas hands and they began to dance around 

the foyer like two children on Christmas morning.

Whew, Sweetie, show me everything.

They tripped from room to room with Teresa ooohing and 

aaahing at every new sight. 

Even though Manda had seen it before, she was stunned anew 

by the majesty of her inheritance.

What have you chosen as your style of dcor, Hon ?

I havent thought much about it. I know I want it as light 

and airy and out doorsy as possible. No heavy dark 

monstrosities for furnishings will be allowed in my 

palace, she laughed.

 I think you are going to need some professional help, 

Manda.

I KNOW I am, Mom. A lot of help. I guess Ill ask Mr. 

Lanier and Kate for some suggestions. They both knew Nanny 

well so they may know some designers I can talk to.

I dont have to rush. Ive decided that Im going to live 

in the carriage house for now.

Good idea, Honey. Lets check it out.

They walked through the threshold . As Manda turned to lock 

the door, it was closing without a sound. 

That door must be very well balanced, Teresa observed.

Think so, asked Manda with a slight puzzled frown.

Sure, they were very particular about building homes back 

then. Built with pride, love and no shortcuts. Unlike homes 

today !

 They got into the car and Manda studied the platt and 

blueprints to determine where the carriage house stood. Her 

first thought was that it would be close to the house but 

she didnt recall having seen any buildings close to the 

house other than the kitchen in the back. 

Um, lets see, she mused, Were talking horse and buggy 

here.

A few seconds later she found the answer.

According to this map, its close to where the old stables 

were.

Well, that certainly makes sense, Hon. Back then, they had 

to consider the, shall we say, aroma thats associated with 

a stable and horses.

Very true, Manda laughed.

Here we go, Mom, as she put the car in gear and crept 

around the circular drive.

A few minutes later, they were on a small brick paved lane 

that led through a copse of trees. The lane took them to a 

small clearing upon which sat the most charming cottage 

imaginable.

Mom, would you look at this !

Sweetie, this is a fairy tale come true, but it doesnt 

look like a carriage house.

Mr. Lanier said that Nanny had it remodeled before she 

moved in. She went all outthats for certain.

Manda and Teresa stood together by the side of the car 

taking it in.

The house was small but not tiny. The exterior walls were 

of a  rough stucco in a very pale smoke grey. The bottom 

third of the walls were of irregular shaped medium and 

small size field stone in several shades of grey with 

stones of light to medium green interspersed among them. 

The stones were of different sizes and shapes with no 

discernable pattern to their placement. There was no 

conventional demarcation line between the joining of the 

stucco and the stones. The overall effect was that of a 

fairy waving a wand over a jumble of heaped stones, causing 

them to sail into the air and knit themselves together to 

form a beautiful wall, with some of the stones falling 

instead into random groupings in the stucco, softening the 

joining between the stones and stucco. 

What unusual masonry, declared Teresa.

Yes it is, but I like it. Gives it personality.

The windows were plentiful but small, recessed deeply into 

the walls, with many diamond shaped panes.The arched frames 

of the windows were narrow field stones set perpendicular 

to the edges of the windows, outlining the windows in an 

entrancing manner, especially where they edged into the 

stucco portion.

The front door was constructed in a similar fashion deeply 

set, with the same stone frame and with small diamond 

shaped panes of glass set in the upper portion of the dark 

grey door. The roof was steeply pitched and covered in a 

lovely smooth slate gray tile. 

Two small dormer windows set into the roof with tiled roof 

overhangs announced the existence of a second story. A 

chimney built of small field stone rose from each end of 

the roof. 

Growing over some of the exterior wall in a sprawling but 

tidy manner was a close knit vine of tiny deep green leaves 

covered with small delicate purple flowers. At one corner 

of the house stood a lattice arbor covered with a climbing 

red rose that provided shade for the garden bench beneath. 

Mounds of low growing flowers flourished around the base of 

the cottage. It reminded Manda of the beautiful ethereal 

paintings of old English cottages. A thatched roof would 

have completed the impression. As it was, the cottage 

looked as though it had been lifted from the pages of a 

childs book of fairy tales. 

Manda kept studying it in an effort to figure out how the 

small house had beenconstructed to achieve the look that 

was so  enchanting and other worldly.

Realization finally dawned followed by delight.

 She turned to her mom who was standing with her fingertips 

touching her smiling lips.

Mom, you see it too, dont you?

 I see the home of a beautiful but mischievous sprite who 

lives in a mysterious and  enchanted wood. 

She turned to Manda and reaching over, lifted Mandas hair 

to peek at her ears.

Im surprised, Honey. I expected you to have grown little 

pointed ears.

Manda laughed and covered her ears with her hands. 

Well, Mom. Are theypointed, I mean ?

No, theyre still my little girls ears, thank goodness.

Mom, can you see why it looks the way it does ?

Well, I know that the steep roof and the small windows and 

door make it look sort of .miniatureundersizedlike for 

the wee folk.

Yes, but have you noticed that the house has no sharp 

edges ?

Im not sure I know what you mean, Honey.

See where the front wall meets the side wall ? Instead of 

a sharp angle where the walls join, the edge is slightly 

rounded. The whole house is like that. Even the roof line 

is softened with smooth rounded edges and smooth scalloped 

tiles. Isnt it fantastic ?

Amazing !What a clever idea. The over all affect along 

with the massing of flowers everywhere makes it look fae. A 

pretty little fairy house.

MandaLets go inside. I cant wait to see it!

The first thing they noticed upon entering was a pleasing 

herbal scent.

Ummmsmells nice. It doesnt have that closed up musty 

smell.

 Look how light and bright it is. With the small windows, 

I expected it to be rather dark in here, Manda.

I did too. I guess the house just has so many windows that 

their size doesnt matter.

The entry was very small and held only a small side table 

against the right wall with an old fashioned brass 

candlestick sitting on the highly polished surface. A small 

oval mirror in an engraved frame hung over the table.

To the immediate left of the entry was a door leading into 

the living room.

Oh, Manda, this is lovely. 

Manda stepped to her moms side,Oh, it is, it is.! I feel 

like Nanny chose all this with me in mind; its perfect.

The walls and ceiling were pale grey-very pale and soft. 

The flooring was slate in shades of grey and dark blue.

The furnishings were of a smaller than average size; 

emphasizing the fae quality of the house. The overstuffed 

couch was upholstered in chintz fabric in a medium size but 

subtle plaid of  wedgwood blue, lilac and sage green. 

Coordinating toss pillows were placed casually along the 

back and sides of the cushions. An overstuffed chair and 

ottoman had their place in the room; also covered with 

chintz but with a pattern of cascading wisteria vines with 

blooms of purple and lilac on a pale green background. A 

sage green afgan was draped over the back of the chair. 

Toward the end of the room close to a fireplace, was a 

deep bay window with a cushioned seat. The cushion was of a 

quilted chintz of wedgewood blue with toss pillows 

abounding, covered in the same fabrics as the couch 

and chair.

The windows had wide sills and instead of curtains, each 

had been decorated with various items to catch the suns 

rays. One window featured glass bottles of vivid colors to 

match the dcor. They were of different sizes and shapes 

and they sparkled as the suns rays passed through them and 

sent the colors of the glass into the room. Another window 

displayed leaded glass crystals hanging from small silver 

chains of varied length. A beautiful piece of oval stained 

glass featuring a scene of water lilies enhanced yet 

another window.

There were several small wicker tables placed at the ends 

of the couch and by the armchair-all dark sage green 

softened with a white wash.

A large oval area carpet claimed ownership of the center of 

the floor.

The focal point of the room was an amazing fireplace. 

Mom, I would never have imagined anything like this in a 

million years. It has to be the only one in existence in 

the world !

I agree, this is unbelievable.

It was massive, covering the entire wall. The main body of 

the fireplace began at the ceiling, then flowed down to the 

slate flooring. It had been sculpted or formed from a 

smooth material that upon completion of building looked 

just like molten rock had been slowly poured from the 

ceiling and had dried in a freeform shape. The result was 

that of the wall of a cave formed by nature over many 

years. Even the opening to the firebox was enhanced by 

several free form icicle shapes with the appearance of 

small stalactites. 

There were cairns of smooth rounded stones built close to 

the edges of the opening which added to the illusion of a 

cave. On one side of the fireplace wall, a number of 

shallow cavities had been carved in a random pattern up the 

wall. In each cavity was a large candle.

Mom, Manda whispered,Do you suppose she was a witch or 

something ? This is really weird.

Well, its definitely unusual. Now, after having made the 

understatement of the year. I can say that I have no idea 

what possessed her. Maybe I should rephrase that.

Manda burst out into a belly laugh that triggered the same 

reaction in Teresa. They laughed helplessly until tears ran 

down their cheeks. Manda clutched her stomach and 

plopped onto the sofa. 

Teresa joined her and after several attempts, they managed 

to regain a semblance of  sobriety.

My life has become so bizarre, I cant believe it, Mom.

Maybe you should substitute the word interesting. That 

might make you feel better.

I think we need to have a long talk with Kate and Mr. 

Lanier. Maybe they can help us with a reality check. Maybe 

theres a logical explanation for this.

This comment brought another uncontrollable round of 

laughter.

Lets go outside for a few minutes, Honey. I need a strong 

dose of sunshine and some recovery time before we see the 

rest of the house.

Manda stood and headed for the door. Im with you, Mom!

                                                           #

Gem sat in the darkness without movement other than the 

slight rise and fall of shallow breaths. Beads of 

perspiration covered his brow and upper lip. He felt that 

his inner body was racked with quivers of both dread and 

excitement.

He had been listening to the muffled sounds issuing from 

above his ceiling. The voices had been so faint that hed 

been unable to understand the conversation, but the slight 

current running through his body had told him that it was 

she.

I wonder if she feels my presence as I feel hers. Should I 

stay here or move to one of my other rooms ?Being close to 

her could be a tremendous benefit to me. I just have to be 

very careful to keep my existence here unknown. I need to 

think this through. A slow smile tipped the corners of his 

dry lips as he continued to sit in the darkness. 

                                                                      #


After a deep breath, Manda looked at her mom.

Well.are your loins girded for the rest of the tour ?

If yours are, Hon

Lets get to it then.

They reentered the cottage and walked down a short hall 

toward a bright, sunny room. 

The room was quite large, stretching the complete width of 

the house. Along the entire back wall that overlooked the 

back yard, were windows. The left side of the room was a 

spacious kitchen area. Cabinets of cherry wood supplied 

ample storage and counter space. An island stood in the 

rooms center. The color scheme was wedgwood blue and 

white with copper accents. A copper rack over the recessed 

range held matching cooking utensils. The back splash above 

the counter and the wall behind the range were of sealed 

slate to match the flooring. The counter tops were white 

with fine etchings of wedgewood. On the right of the room 

was a floor to ceiling deep bay window. Before it 

stood a round table with chairs of cherry. A matching 

breakfront stood on the opposite wall. A corner tagre of 

white wicker held copper, white, and blue collectibles. 

Between the kitchen and dining area was a Dutch door  which 

opened onto a terrace of meandering flagstone. 

Manda could see that flagstone paths wound through beds of  

riotously blooming flowers, shrubs and trees. 

Nanny was an child of nature, observed Teresa.

Yes, isnt all this fantastic ! Well have to take a 

stroll through the garden before we leave.

Absolutely, Sweetheart.

They retraced their steps to the small foyer where there 

was a closed door across the hall from the living room. 

Manda swung the door open to reveal a bedroom. 

This has to be Nannys room. Based on the theme of the 

rest of the house, except the weird fireplace, this looks 

like what shed like for her room.

The walls were a soft medium shade of wedgwood; the molding 

white.The slate floor was covered with a plush gray blue 

carpet.

The windows had no curtains. Nanny had chosen instead to 

have white shutters mounted at the windows to close the 

darkness out at nightfall.

Manda,look ! Isnt this adorable?

Teresa had closed the shutters to find that a vine with 

leaves of ivy had been stenciled on them.

She even had a pretty window view at night.

I think Ill put a pot of ivy under each window to match. 

What do you think,Mom?

Perfect,Hon.

They turned and gasped with surprise and pleasure.

The full sized bed rested on a frame that didnt require a 

head or footboard. It was covered in a white eyelet duvet 

over a matching bedskirt. Pillows in colors of Wedgwood, 

sage, lilac and purple to coordinate with the color scheme 

of the rest of the house were tossed on the head of the 

bed.

The wall above the bed was decorated with vintage womans 

finery.

A wide brimmed straw hat with lilac satin ribbons trailing 

down had been hung on the wallan old fashioned pair of 

opera length white lace gloves had been stiffly starched 

and  affixed to the wall with a large pearl broocha triple 

strand of pearls hung from a small decorative hooka small 

purple satin evening bagseveral starched delicate 

crocheted doilies of white with crocheted purple and blue 

pansies on ruffled edgesan antique fan opened and mounted 

at a jaunty anglea small grapevine wreath with  flowers 

and ribbons of pink and sage. Framing this fanciful 

arrangement were vines of ivy stenciled to drape across the 

upper wall at ceiling height and then cascade down the 

wall on either side.

Your great aunt was a very unique and talented 

woman,Manda.

I know. I just cant believe all this. A fairy home for 

sure.
 
A pair of cherry bedside tables were graced by small 

boudoir lamps with eyelet shades.

A matching small size chest of drawers and vanity completed 

the furnishings.Displayed on the chest were elaborate tiny 

trinket boxes, a vintage quilted satin handerchief box 

opened to display delicate hankies, and several photographs 

in silver frames. Colorful antique perfume bottles and a 

lovely mirror, brush, and comb set with mother of pearl 

handles rested on the vanity.

Beyond a door in the bedroom was a small beautifully turned 

out bathroom with state of the art furnishings fashioned to 

appear to be of an earlier era. A claw foot tub with a 

circular curtain, a pedestal sink, and a commode 

with..believe it or not..a chain pull. A small white wicker 

tagre held towels, washcloths, and a few knick knacks. A 

tiny window, also with shutters., opened to let the suns 

rays pour through.

As they turned to leave the bedroom, they saw an elaborate 

wrought iron cross with a white distressed finish hanging 

over the bedroom door.

A gray blue carpeted staircase at the end of the hall led 

upstairs to two small bedrooms and a shared bath. Both were 

gorgeous but tricked out to satisfy the taste of both men 

and women.

The upstairs rooms were done in neutral colors with bold 

accents of bright terra cotta and brick red in one;  bright 

blue and gold in the other. 

The windows had shutters like Nannys room but with no 

design painted on them.

The two women returned to the kitchen.

Mom, Im going to check the kitchen out and make a grocery 

list for the basics. It shouldnt take long.

Ok. I think Ill start through the garden.

Ill catch up in a few minutes.

Teresa left through the dutch door as Manda began to 

inventory the contents of the cabinets and pantry. There 

was a good supply of  food staples, cleaning supplies, and 

paper products so she just had to worry about perishables.

That wasnt much of a chore. Ill go find Mom and check out 

the garden with her.

Later this evening, maybe we can pack and be ready to move 

in tomorrow.

She was so excited that she didnt think shed be able to 

sleep at all tonight.

She shoved her list into her purse and followed Teresa.

When she went through the door, to her left was a circular 

garden shaped like a pie with slices. Between each piece of 

the pie was a narrow path and different plants grew in each 

piece. Marigolds were planted around the perimeter of the 

circle.

She followed the circuitous flagstone path that threaded 

through the garden. Each curve of the path revealed a new 

and different vista. In each area was a decorative garden 

bench. Small concrete statuary seemed to be everywhere. 

Cheerful elves peeked from beneath shrubs and clusters of 

flowers. Fairies perched on small boulders and were affixed 

to the limbs of trees. Manda passed a fish pond with a 

small splashing waterfall. Pink and white water lilies 

floated on the water and goldfish and koi could be seen 

darting about just beneath the surface. Dragonflies in 

shimmering colors skimmed the surface of the water. A 

Mulberry tree providing shade stood there by the pond with 

a bench tucked amidst the weeping branches. Verde gre 

garden lamps with tulip shaped shades followed the pathway 

to provide lighting for strolls after the sun had gone 

down.

Mounds of flowers were everywhere as were shrubs and trees.

Birds flew among the trees attracted by bird feeders hung 

from tree branches. They scolded her as she passed.

Butterflies flit about and lit on flowering scrubs.

Manda was in awe of the beauty. She breathed air scented by 

flowers.

This is absolute paradise,she sighed.

Someone works very hard on all this. I dont see a weed 

anywherejust beauty.

As she walked around the next curve, she began to hear the 

murmur of voices.

Curious and a little apprehensive, she quickened her pace.

Her mother came into view, standing in the company of a 

man. They turned toward Manda. Teresa smiled and stretched 

her hand toward Manda.

Sweetie, I want you to meet Jesse. Hes the head landscape 

artist here.

Jesse, this is my daughter, Manda Harris.

Manda reached to shake his hand but he stuffed them into 

his pockets.

I apologize,Miss Harris, but my hands are dirty from 

working.

Teresa glanced at him with an odd expression.

Manda took in his appearance. A few inches taller than she, 

he was lean but muscular. He was very tan from working in 

the sun. He wore cut off jeans and a tee shirt. A baseball 

cap was pulled low over his forehead and he wore dark 

sunglasses. He had a slight frown on his face. She couldnt 

tell what he looked like except for a few strands of dark 

curls edging from beneath his cap. He stepped back and 

began to turn away.

I better get back to work.Nice meeting you,Miss Harris.

He walked away at a rapid pace.

Manda looked at her mom. 

Not very friendly,is he ?

Teresa still wore a puzzled look on her face.

He was fine until he spotted you,Hon. He really tensed up 

then. Maybe hes uncomfortable around beautiful women., 

Teresa ventured a teasing look toward Manda.

Manda laughed at Teresa.Yes, I could tell that he was 

bowled over by my looks. Mom, you are hopeless !

They began wandering back toward the cottage, stopping here 

and there to admire points of interest.

Mom,how about I lock up and well take a little tour of 

the grounds. Then we can have an early supper. Im getting 

a little hungry.

 Sounds like an excellent idea.


























PULLED FROM SHORTCUT TO PART 2 ICON ON DEASKTOP



Jesse walked about 10 feet into the grove of young trees and sat on the ground. He flung his cap to the ground, took the bandana handkerchief he held, and began to mop the beads of moisture from his brow and upper lip. He drew up his knees, crossed his arms over them and leaned his forehead on his armsstaring down at the grass.
My heart is still pounding like a drum.

Why did she narrow her eyes when she looked at me?

Has she seen me before?

Did she recognize me?

Does she know who I am?

Damn everything to hell.

I have to be very careful. If Im not, all could be 

Changed  forever.

Jesse closed his eyes and concentrated on slow deep breaths 

until his heart was back too normal. He stood and walked 

toward the home. He had unfinished business to attend to 

and it had to be today.

                         #

He watched from a distance as the two women climbed into 

the car and started down the narrow lane. He hurried to his 

truck and climbed in. 

I have to go to town right away. I dont have much time.

                           #


Manda slowed and stopped when she came to a crossroad.

Whatll it be, Mom? Right or left?

Lets go left.

She turned left and followed the lane as it began to wind 

up a small hill. The lane came to an end close to a flat 

field at the top.

Lets see what that is, Teresa said, pointing toward an 

area enclosed by a low stone fence.

As they got out of the car, Manda commented on the fence.

Thats unusual. Ive never seen a fence like that.

Its called a slave fence.

Why, Manda asked, frowning.

Back when plantation owners kept slaves, the slaves built 

the fences and this is how they built them. This one is in 

excellent condition. The stones arent held together by 

mortar. They were just fit together so well that the fence 

stood by itself. It took talent to build one of 

these.

So our ancestors were slave owners?

Probably, although I suppose their labor could have been 

hired from a neighboring plantation. Of course, the workers 

didnt get the money. The master who owned them did.

My God, Mom. That was so cruel.

Those were bad times, Hon.

They were so busy talking that they didnt notice what was 

in the enclosure until they reached the gate.

Its a cemetery! Whats a cemetery doing way out here?

 You are a babe in the woods sometimes, Honey.

 Its a private cemetery. Youre looking at a lot of your 

ancestors. Back then; there werent many public ones. 

Distances were too great, so families had their own burial 

grounds.

They wandered through looking at the tombstones.

 I recognize some of these names from the records at the 

courthouse, but theres a lot I havent seen before.

Manda bent down to trace the name and date on a stone so 

old that the words were barely legible.

Oh, I dont believe this!

What, Manda ?

She pointed at a small symbol on the bottom of the stone 

just to the left of the name. She glanced at the date of 

birth.

They match!

What are you talking about?

 The birth date on this stone is June the 2nd. This marking 

is the astrological symbol for the sign of Gemini.

Manda raced to several other stones, bending to check them.

Mom, all of these have the correct symbols for the

birth dates!

This is intriguing, Manda. What do you suppose the odds 

are that you studied astrology as did the rest of the 

family?

Astronomical, I imagine. Im going to come back as soon as 

I can and write all of these down.

Teresa looked around. 

Theres a separate enclosure. They entered. The stones 

were smaller in this one.

Manda checked several of them. There are no symbols on 

these. What do you suppose that means?

This may be the burial place for loyal slaves who had no 

other family. Im not sure. 

Well have to see if Kate knows.

They turned to go back to the car.

Well, these cemeteries are well taken care of. Well 

maintained.

They got in the car and headed back the way they had come,  

only taking the other fork this time. After a short drive 

they found themselves along the coast of the gulf. They 

pulled off at the first convenient place and stood on a 

small bluff overlooking the body of water that appeared to 

be endless. The sunlight flickered on the crests of the 

waves and reflected off of the white sand, causing each 

woman to shield her eyes.

Manda, tomorrow, when we do the shopping for the 

cottagewere going to include 

new swim suits, beach umbrellas, a huge cooler, etc. The 

first free hour or three, were going to have us a picnic 

on the beach.

Yeah, Mom. OK by me. Best idea Ive heard for a while. I 

can use some laid back time. Right now though, I can use 

FOOD, they shouted together.

Piling into the car, they did a three point and headed for 

Kates place.

                          #


They saw Kate chatting and flirting with the table of old 

timers as soon as they walked through the door.

Bless em, Kates place must be their daily gathering 

place.

They couldnt pick a better place or a friendlier 

hostess.

A waitress approached and led them, at their request, to a 

table by the window.

Teresa smiled at her daughter, The group of fellows picked 

their spotI guess weve picked ours.

They ordered lemonade to start and requested the waitress 

to see if Kate had time to see them for a few minutes.

Never mind, Lorie, Im already here.

Kate plopped into a seat.

Lorie, bring me a coffee when you have a minute, please.

Will do, Ms Kate.

Good to see you all; what are you doing with yourselves on 

this beautiful day?

Weve been checking out Live Oaks today. It is so 

gorgeous.

Yep, Teresa, its a very special place. What all have you 

seen?

I showed Mom the manor. Then we visited the cottage, 

cemetery and went to the beach. Oh, we met the 

gardener, Jesse.

Kate chuckled, You better not let him hear you refer to 

him as your gardener. Hes had an extensive education in 

his field. Better just think of him by his name instead of 

a title.

Hes an strange guynot very friendly,Manda commented.

Jesse??

Lorie appeared with their drinks.

Kate, can you join us for an early supper? Wed love to 

visit with you, wouldnt we, Manda.

Yes, please say you can, Kate.

Everything under control in the kitchen, Lorie?

At Lories nod, Kate made a quick decision.

Thank you, Id love to. Its been a long day and I could 

use a break. Even my toenails hurt.

What would you suggest for supper? Whats good today?

Kate knuckled Manda in the arm. Manda Harrisall my food 

is good, Kate laughed.

Manda blushed. Im sorry, thats not what I meant.

I know, Im just teasing you. Im always teasing. youll 

realize that when you get to know me better.

Todays special is roasted chicken and dressing with a 

salad and two sides.

Ummm, sounds good, Teresa and Manda said in unison.

Well take three, Lorie, Kate ordered for them.

Right away, Ms Kate.

Now, whats this about Jesse? Hes the most relaxed and 

friendly person I know.
Manda looked confused and glanced at Teresa.

Manda only saw him for a minute. He was very friendly with 

me but he did kind of chill down when she joined us.

You probably saw him at a busy time. Hes really a great 

guy. and so handsome. Females all over town are after him. 

I think its because of his wild gypsy look. makes him very 

sexy.

I didnt get a good look. He had a cap and sunglasses on 

and he kept ducking his head.

Well, youre in for a nice surprise, then.

Kate, do you know anything about the cemetery?

We saw that theres an area thats separated from the main 

one by a wall. We wondered why.

 I really dont know. Maybe thats where the black sheep 

of the family were planted, she said with a small smile. 

Every family has a few, you know. Nanny May and I didnt 

talk much about the place. I know she didnt want to be 

buried there, but she felt that she didnt have a choice. 

Something about it being her duty. Ive only been there 

once and that was for Nanny Mays funeral. I wasnt paying 

any attention to the grounds then.

Im sorry, Kate. It was insensitive of us to ask. Weve 

made you sad.

Please dont apologize. I have so many terrific memories 

of her. I miss her very much, but so many times when I 

think of her, I have to laugh. She was wild, wacky, 

wonderful woman.

Lorie arrived to serve their meals. Conversation slowed way 

down, as they were all ravenous.

When Teresa and Manda groaned from having stuffed stomachs, 

Kate grinned, How about coffee and dessert, gals?

Another groan from the gals while Kate laughed.

Well, in that case, how about coffee with dessert to go? 

You can enjoy it tonight at the hotel. 

Now, theres a thought!

Whats a thought, lovely ladies?

They looked up to see Mr. Lanier.

Hi John. Join us for coffee?asked Kate.

Id love to but I have a busy evening ahead of me.

How so, friend?

I have to do a few home repairs. I came to town to get 

some supplies.

You? In case youve forgotten, my old chum, you havent 

any idea how to hammer a naillet alone do repairs.

Now Kate, Im not without a few talents. These jobs are 

very simple ones anyway.

Manda, how are you and your mother doing?
Fine, thanks. Were going to move into the cottage 

tomorrow or the day after. Were shopping for supplies in 

the morning.

Dont forget your meeting with the staff.

 I wont. Youre going to be there arent you?

Sure will. Dont worry; theyre all great people. Youll 

get along just fine

Got to go ladies. Have a nice evening.

Thanks, you too.

Manda smiled as she watched him leave.

I dont know what I would have done without his help and 

advice.

Kate nodded, You can always depend on him. Hell never let 

you down. So youre moving in! May I help you two?

We can probably manage but Ill keep your offer on the 

front burner.

Teresa grinned at Manda then turned to Kate.

We do have a question for you. What can you tell us about 

the fireplace in the cottage?

Kates eyes widened and she clapped her hands over her 

mouth.

Groans of,Umumum, began to emanate from behind her 

hands.

Teresa began to rise from her chair.

Are you OK? Do you need help?

Are you going to throw up? demanded Manda.

Teresa shook her head vigorously as she groped with one 

hand toward Teresa.

Teresa continued to rise from her chair with anxiety on her 

face. At this point, Kate began 

to gesture frantically for her to sit back down but Teresa 

remained half way in a standing position.

Kates eyes flicked wildly between Manda and her mother as 

she began to gasp for air.

Mom, what should we do?? We have to help her !!

Kates face became bright red and her eyes began to fill. 

She removed her hand from her tightly closed mouth and 

clasped her arms around her waist, beginning to rock back 

and forth in her chair. Her intermittent groans began to 

change into a high pitched keening that sounded like a dog 

whining with terror.

Mom, call an ambulance! Shes having a seizure or 

something!

Both women leapt from their chairs as Kates body jerked 

with several convulsions. 

Tears streamed down her reddened face as her mouth opened 

and peals of uncontrolled laughter bounced off the walls of 

the restaurant.

Manda stared at Kate with horror as diners whipped their 

heads around to see what was happening.

Kate grabbed the corner of the tablecloth and shoved it 

into her mouth in an effort to control herself.

Teresa dunked her cloth napkin into her water glass, wrung 

it out, and handed it to Kate, who began to mop her face 

and neck as she continued to choke with laughter.

The old timers across the room began to hollar, Hey, Kate 

darlin, share the joke with us. We need a good laugh, even 

as they pounded each others shoulders and backs with  

hilarity.

Teresa and Manda plopped back in their seats with a mixture 

of relief and consternation as Kate struggled to compose 

herself. It took several minutes before Kates face began to 

return to its normal color and for her breathing to 

subside to an acceptable rate.

Kate, you just scared the absolute hell out of us! My 

heart is still pounding!, Teresa blurted.

Im sorryreally. Give me a minute to gather my wits and 

Ill explain.

Mom. Im going to the ladies room seeing as how Im about 

to wet myself. Besides, Kates wits are so scattered, its 

going to take a while to gather them!

Kate began to sputter with laughter again, but quickly 

caught herself.

I love your sense of humor, Manda. Its just like Nanny 

Mays.

Manda rolled her eyes as she headed for the bathroom. When 

she returned to the table, Kate had managed to control 

herself, but Teresa was still patting her arm in a calming 

gesture. Manda, looking at Kate with a mix of concern and 

exasperation, sat down.

You know, said Kate, I think that people CAN die from 

laughter!

Do you feel up to telling us what that was all about,? 

smiled Teresa 

I have to begin by telling you that Nanny May was one of a 

kind, God love her. There will never be another like her. 

She was outrageous. to put it mildly!!!

When she decided to renovate the cottage, she drew up a 

simple blueprint of what she wanted, then called Herb 

Shivley, a local contractor.

By the way, hes very good if you ever need any work 

done.

Kate continued to mop her face.

Herb picked her drawing up and went to the cottage to see 

what supplies he needed, to take measurements,etc.

A little while after he left for the carriage house, he 

turned up at Nanny Mays door and told her that there was a 

problem and what did she want him to do. He explained that 

when he took measurements, he discovered a difference of 10 

feet between the inner and outer walls at the rear of the 

carriage house. In other words, a fake wall had been built 

and there were no doors or windows on the inside or outside 

of those walls to give access to the unexplained extra 

footage. So, she told him to tear the wall out.

Manda and Teresa glanced at each other.

Aha mystery, said Manda.

Later that day, Herb showed up at her door again.

Miss Harris, he says, We have another problem.

What is it, Herb, she says.

Well, Mam, I think that you need to come with me and take 

a look.

Nanny May called me later that day and told me that I had 

to go to her place as soon as possible, but she wouldnt 

explain over the phone.

Kate began grinning and with a slow shake of her head began 

to relate her story.

The door of the carriage house was open so I just walked 

in. Nanny May was standing with her back to me staring at 

the back wall. She was standing stiff as a board with her 

fists planted on her hips. I could tell that she was in a 

fine state. madder than a rooster with no hens in sight.

It was kinda dark where she was standing so I couldnt see 

much of anything. She heard my footsteps and without 

turning, told me to brace myself and come take a look. I 

walked over to her where she was glaring at that Gawd awful 

monstrosity.

Do you believe this, Kate? Can you believe that someone 

could design this horror and have it built?

What kind of family did I spring from? Its very clear 

that one of my relatives was crazier than a bedbug. I have 

insanity in my genes!


Now, Nanny May, maybe it was someone just a little 

eccentric.

A littlea LITTLE. Dont you mean a full blown lunatic??

Nanny May look at it this way. So you had a relative that 

had peculiar tastes, BUT, you had another relative who had 

the good sense to cover it up.

I remember she turned her head and glared at me.

Have you taken leave of your senses, Kate?

No, Nanny May, and neither have you. Ive know you for a 

long, long time, and you have never had a strange bone in 

your body or a strange thought in your mind. You are 

perfectly normal!

You really think so, Kate?

I know soso relax.

Well, its going to have to come down! I cant live in the 

same house as this!

But, its still there. What changed her mind? Manda 

wondered.

Herb said it was going to be hard and time consuming to 

remove without damaging the rest of the structure. She 

wanted the renovations done as soon as possible so she told 

him to do the rest of the place first so she could move in. 

That way he could take his time with the fireplace. She 

really wanted out of the big house. Anyway, the more she 

saw of the fireplace, the more it grew on her. She finally 

decided to keep it.

What was it doing in a carriage house to begin  

with, Teresa asked.

We never found out the answer to that. We had no idea and 

she couldnt find any references to it in any of the family 

history. 

Manda and Teresa looked at each other. It had been an 

amusing story but hadnt warranted the hysteria displayed 

by Kate.

As though Kate read their minds, she went on to say that 

there was more to the story.

I helped her move in and a few days later, she called and 

invited me over to join her for a house warming party. I 

got her a gift and a bottle of good wine, wrapped em up 

real pretty, got all dressed up, and went to the cottage.

Now, Nanny May had some hobbies. One of them was making 

candles. She made some beautiesshe was really good. Some, 

well most, were unusual. She really liked to experiment and 

see how creative she could be.

 Weve already seen some examples of her talents, Teresa 

commented with Manda nodding in agreement.

Kate began to chuckle, Yeah, she had quite an imagination. 

She enjoyed being a little shocking, too. She liked getting 

a rise out of people.

It was nearly dark when I got there. The place was kind of 

dark but I could see light flickering from inside. The door 

opened just as I walked up to it, and there she 

stood. this tall, slender, regal lady who looked like she 

was in her 60s instead of her 80s. She had a long black 

dress on with a train, for heavens sake, and these full 

draping sleeves. She was wearing a gaudy black necklace  

and matching earrings that dangled almost to her shoulders. 

She had a nose in the air look on her face and she said 

in this slow deep voice, Enter, my good friend.

 I stood thereMy jaw had to be on my chest. and I thought 

that maybe she did carry a crazy gene and something had 

pushed her over the edge of reason. I stood there like 

an idiot.

She finally laughed and told me to come on in.

Good grief, Kate, I was just going to have some fun with 

you. I got all dolled up in this ridiculous get up, but you 

looked so scared that I just couldnt go through with it.


Sit down, Im going to change into something comfortable.

I sat down in the dark; well, nearly dark. The only light 

was from a bunch of candles 

sitting in those little shelves like things down the side of 

that silly fireplace.

She came back in a set of sweats and flipped a lamp on.

Dammit, Kate, she says, You are such a spoilsport! I 

was going to pretend to have a sance and all that witchy 

stuff, but you are such a chicken. 

Anyway, we had a good time for an hour or so, in spite of 

me being a chicken, then we started getting tired and 

decided to call it a night.

She handed me a candle snuffer and asked me to put the 

candles out for her, so I went over to the fireplace.

At this point, Kate started to laugh againhard.

Manda and Teresa started grinning, knowing they were about 

to hear the rest of the story.

This is going to sound terrible, but I you cant say I 

didnt warn you about your great aunt, Manda.

Kate tried valiantly to relate the rest of the evening 

without losing control, but it was  

impossible, so it was told interspersed with bouts of 

laughter with Teresa and Manda as a captive audience.

The candles were these huge ---pink--- columns. She had 

shaped or carved them and, Kate broke up again, hugging 

her stomach with her arms. Oh, my stomach hurts! 

Almost choking with hilarity, causing Teresa and Manda to 

start laughing, Kate blurted, They looked just like 

mensmensmens

All three women started whooping in fits of laughter as 

vivid pictures formed in their minds.

Patrons, their attention drawn by the commotion, swung 

around in their seats again, and watching and hearing the 

woman howl, they couldnt help joining in.

Kate, Teresa, and Manda all covered their faces with 

napkins to stem the tears and smother the noise.

Between gasps, Teresa said, Are you going to finish, 

Kate?

Im tryingIm trying.

Im standing there with that damn snuffer, laughing so 

hard it was pathetic. I put the snuffer over the flame and 

then went to the nextone.but the first one lit up again.

Another spate of loud laughter followed this comment.

Every time Id put one out, itd relight!

Party candles, they shouted in unison as Kate nodded her 

head.

Nanny May was sitting there as straight faced as you can 

imagine and she saidshe saidI guess I accidentally mixed 

some of that Niagara stuff in the wax. You know, the 

medicine men take for a long satisfying experience?

Oh My Gawd, Teresa laughed.

I sayNanny Mayyou mean Viagra!

She said, .

Manda and Teresa quieted and grinned with expectation.

Kate continued with great difficulty, She said.Well, 

Kate, I think Niagara is more appropriate!!

At this, Teresa jumped up, Wait till I get back, she said 

as she ran laughing for the ladies room. 

By the time Teresa got back, Kate and Manda had toned down 

to giggles.

Is there more? Teresa asked.

Oh Yes!

Manda did her eye rolling and grabbed her mothers hand.

The candles wouldnt go out, so Nanny May decided that 

wed have to drown em in a sink of water. Anyway, we 

started grabbing all the candles which were just sputtering 

away.and Nanny May saidsaid, Kate.Kates face contorted 

as the struggled with the rest of her sentence.

She said, without even cracking a smile,  KateI havent 

touched this much man flesh in sixty years!

The restaurant became a riot of sound as the three women 

lost any vestige of control that might have still existed. 

Manda and Teresa laid their heads onto the table in 

weakness as they laughed and cried at the same time.

Kate was clutching her stomach again, laughing and moaning 

with pain.

It was several long minutes before they could begin to 

regain any composure.

The other diners had gotten anxious and concerned about 

them and watched them out of the corners of their eyes.

Damn,  Manda grinned. I wish I could have spent time with 

her.

Kate shakily stood, Gals, I need a drink. Lets go down a 

few doors to Toms place and get something to calm our 

stomachs.

YES!

Lorie, Kate hollered, Ill be back in a day or so. 

maybe 

three! Oh, and remind me to apply for a liquor license.

Lorie laughed and waved at them as they slouched boneless 

toward the door.






Gem drove up to an area not too far from the carriage house 

and off loaded several good size boxes and rolls of high 

grade insulation from the bed of his truck He then moved 

his truck some distance away, hid it as much as possible 

behind several trees and walked back to the things hed 

unloaded.

He began to calm down and breathe easier after he carried 

it down into the tunnel where it couldnt be seen by 

curious eyes. From there, he transported it to his room 

beneath the carriage house. He began by restocking his make 

shift pantry. He had tried to think ahead so hed have 

anything he might need available. 

He then spent the biggest part of the night preparing his 

room by adding additional insulation to prevent noise from 

traveling up to the living quarters. Then he had planted 

several listening and recording devices so he could keep 

track of the womens movements and conversations. 

After he tested the units and set them to record and then 

checked that he had made all the 

preparations that he could think of, he left the cottage 

and walked back to his truck.

He was very tired and needed to go home and grab a few 

hours sleep. It wouldnt do for people to see him haggard 

in the morning.

He started his truck and crept, without turning on his 

headlights, off the grounds of Live Oaksa satisfied smile 

on his face.

                         #

                                                           
The three of them sat on the beach enjoying the murmur of 

the surf and the moon painting the crests of the 

incoming rollers with diamonds of light.

It was close to the witching hour.
They had gathered at the beach to compare notes in order to gather insight into the puzzling situation that had weighed them down for generations.
How are Manda and Teresa, Megan? 
Theyre fine, Nanny. Asleep- they had a long busy day.
How are you doing, Nanny? questioned Patrick.
I think Im pretty well adjusted now, although things were 

a little confusing at first, admitted Nanny.

I know just what you mean, Megan nodded. My last life 

was a short one. I was very young when I crossed over and 

it took quite a while to get my bearings back. I thank 

Heavens that Patrick was here at the time.

Im always at your beck and call, my loveyou know that.

Megan smiled at him and touched his cheek.
Nanny, do you know when this curse, or whatever it is; began, or why, or who, or how long it will continue, or what will end it ?
Goodness, Megan, those are a lot of questions to answer. I was hoping you two would have a few answers.
Patrick frowned, When Megan and I became fully aware after our last passing, we knew for the first time that we had a job to do, but that was as far as our knowledge went.
About all weve been able to do so far has been to observe and comfort as best we can. Weve tried to protect, and I think weve been able to do that to an extent, but other than that, Megan shrugged her shoulders.
We dont know what were fighting.
We do know that he is in agony because of what he does, so all of this didnt start with him. He is not who were fighting; he is a victim too, explained Patrick.
Nanny stared out over the water; lost in thought.
I dont believe the evil comes from our ancestors. I believe it came in through the outside. It didnt enter our family until after the two of you passed. Then all of a sudden; there it was. Before that time, our family was as pure as mortals can be.
Do you mean that at some point after our passing, someone evil, perhaps from a marriage came in ?
I do, Megan. I cant think of any other explanation.
How do we find out who?
Nanny looked at them, Im almost positive that is Mandas job.

                            #

Manda woke at 3:15 with a sense of urgency plucking at her nerve endings. She tossed around in the bed trying to find a comfortable position-attempting to still the constant need to move her legs. She knew it was in vain. She didnt experience the restless leg syndrome often, but when she did, the only cure was to get up and move around.
She groaned with frustration and fatigue before swinging her legs over the edge of the bed and standing. Throwing on a robe and slippers, she began to pace around the suite in the hope that her leg muscles would relax. She paused to look out the window. It was a clear night with a canopy of stars. She glanced down toward the street below and stepped back from the window in a startle reflex.
Stretching across the street and appearing to crawl up the side of the building toward her room, was a black elongated shadow. After a moment of a racing pulse, she again approached the window and followed the shadow back to its origin. A figure stood on the other side of the street backlit by a streetlamp. Try as she might, the only thing Manda could see was a silhouetteno details possible. The figure stood without motion for several moments until bats began to circle the lamp and the person beneath. Then, the figure turned and walked with a brisk step down the street, dragging the long dark shadow with it.
Manda watched with fear twisting her insides as the dark shadow disappeared from view. 
Im being ridiculous. There is no reason why anyone should be keeping tabs on me. What an ego I have to think Im that important !!
She turned from the window and began pacing again. There was a noticeable difference in the tension in her legs. Maybe she would be able to work it out enough to get some more sleep. Something caught her eye and she leaned over to see what it was. The corner of a book was sticking out from under one of the chairs. When she picked it up, she felt a thrill of excitement. 
Nanny Mays photo album ! How could I have forgotten about this. She continued to stand for the benefit of her legs while she began to turn the pages.
Pleasant surprise took over as she studied the pictures of Live Oaks in its youth and pictures of numerous people who had lived on its grounds.
Someone had gone to a lot of trouble. Each photograph had beautiful neat writing beneath it giving names, dates, and events.
The old generations knew penmanshipunlike present day scribbling, she mused.
The first thing Manda noticed was that copies had been made of the originals.
That makes sense. The old ones would be so fragile by now that Im sure theyre locked up somewhere for protection.
It was entrancing to view Live Oaks as she had looked as a babe. The trees were small and the vines hadnt as yet begun to clothe her, but she was still proud and majestic. It was thrilling to watch as one generation and era became another. The first portraits were of people with bodies held stiffly and rather stern, frozen expressions on their faces.
Manda knew that when cameras came into being, the subjects had to hold their positions without moving for a period of time, so it was common for them to have a rigid appearance.
In general, the people were attractive and many carried a definite resemblance to one another.
One young couple stood out. They had dared to ignore the rule of the day and been photographed in what appeared to be spontaneous behavior with smiles on their faces and twinkles in their eyes. The man looked to be full of mischief and the woman shamelessly coy in one; flirting boldly in another picture.
Manda smiled at themshe couldnt help it. They made a charming couple. According to the writing under the photo, they were Patrick and Megan.
As Manda turned the pages, she realized that there were quite a few people, more than she expected. There were so few listed on the family tree.
Manda noticed one couple in particular. They seemed to be in every picture, which was impossible, considering the fact that different generations were represented by different styles of dress. They always stood on the left of the group and toward the back. Their facial expressions never changed even though their clothing did, according to the era. Their looks were so unchanged from one picture to the next that Manda could swear that the image of the same couple could have been superimposed into each tableau. When she looked at the writing to identify them, she was surprised to find that in each picture, there werent enough names to account for the number of people shown.
This is strange. Maybe they are some of the black sheep of the family that Kate mentioned. Ill have to ask her.
After a yawn or two, Manda noticed that her discomfort had eased and she felt that she could sleep. Tomorrow would be moving day. She grinned as she laid the album aside, turned the lights out, and climbed into bed. She fell asleep right away in pleasant anticipation, never knowing that the shadow had returned and once again, slid across the street and crept up the hotel wall towards her window.
                        #

Manda and Teresa were up bright and early, excited and full of energy. The evening before, they had written a shopping list and packed just about everything.
Manda called the desk to say that they would be checking out and requested that arrangements be made for forwarding mail,etc.
They threw on their clothes and hurried down for breakfast.
Returning to their room, Manda placed a call to Mr. Laniers office to notify him of the change of address.
Teresa called home and left a message for Frank, explaining how she and Manda would be spending the day and promising to call as soon as possible with the address and phone number of the cottage.
After checking out, they stopped by the utility companies and post office to take care of necessary paperwork; then on to the grocery to buy staples and a few items for tonights little moving in celebration. They stood at the curb looking at the packed car with pleased expressions.
Manda looked at Teresa, Lets do it, Mom!

                        #

Jesse had spotted the car moving up the lane to the old carriage house. Mr. Lanier had called the security guys this morning to tell them that she was moving into the cottage. One of them had passed the news on to him. 
He made a mental note to put in more hours on the grounds surrounding the little house. He wanted the area to be immaculate for her and her mother. There was an old rock garden to one side of the place. It had been kept trimmed a little over the years, but nothing had been done to restore its original beauty. His dad had shown him old pictures of the small garden and it had been great looking, although why anyone had bothered to build the garden close to the old stable was beyond him.
The first thing he needed to do was to clean the area clear to the ground. With the old fallen rocks haphazardly studding the area, there would be spots that could tempt snakes and holes that could catch the ladies heels and cause a serious fall.
After its cleared, then Ill be able to see a design in my minds eye. Ill make it a point to talk to Teresa today or tomorrow about their favorite flowers and scents so I can make my plans.

Jesse climbed on his large lawn tractor and turned the key.

Jesse headed in the direction of his greenhouse to check his inventory of plants he had on hand.

                         #

As Manda drove toward the cottage, she noticed a car sitting in the driveway.
Thats Mr. Laniers car. Wonder why hes here.
Mr. Lanier stepped out of the car with a grin on his face when Manda pulled up and stopped.
To what do we owe this pleasure, Teresa asked.
You ladies forgot, didt you ? Thursday at 10:00?
Manda clapped her hand over her mouth as embarrassment burned in her face.
Oh, the meeting with the staff! Im so stupid. It completely slipped my mind.
Lord, Im so sorry ! I am so embarrassed. What are they going to think of me ?
Mr. Lanier, still grinning, remarked, Manda, calm down. Its not a disaster. Everyone forgets things now and then and youve had a lot on your mind. Relax.
But theyve been waiting hours. Theyre going to think Im a horrible insensitive employer.
Manda, chill honey, Teresa said, as she pat her daughters shoulder.
When you didnt show up at 10:00, they just started working in the house.
But theres nothing to do. The place is spotless.
They dont see it that way. Theyre cleaning windows, waxing floors, listing supplies, and all the other things theyre used to doing. They see the extra time as getting a good head start.
Give me about 15 minutes to drive over and let them know youre here. Then you two come on over and Ill introduce you. They are very nice. They wont bite, Mr. Lanier chuckled as he shook his head at the two women.
He got in the car and they heard him say something about,females, followed by another chuckle.
Well, Honey, we have enough time to get the groceries put away. What do you say ?
Manda, face still pink, grabbed a bag from the back seat and headed for the door.

                        #

Almost 15 minutes later, they pulled the car up to the entrance to the manor.
Manda sat in the car, taking several deep breaths.
Mom, Im so nervous.
Im right here with you. He said theyre nice peopleand thats ALL they are. Peoplejust like you and me.
Mom, what would I do without you ?
Youd do very well without me, Sweets.
Mr. Lanier walked from the house and down the steps to help them from the car.
Here we go, ladies.
 The three of them walked up the steps and into the huge foyer where a reception line had formed.
Manda couldnt help but be relieved when she realized that they were all beaming smiles at her.
Im so sorry that Im late. I feel just terrible about it.
A chorus of,  No apology necessary, no problem, dont fret about it,etc. fell on Mandas ears.
Manda smiled her appreciation.
Manda Harris and Teresa Wimbley,Id like to introduce to the people who hold this place together and keep it functioning smoothly.
Mr. Lanier led them to the first person in line; a smiling middle age woman with lovely soft brown hair frosted with silver. It was naturally wavy and she had gathered it into a loose bun at the nape of her neck. She was relaxed but exuded confidence.
Manda and Teresa, Id like to introduce you to Live Oaks house keeper, Faith Grayson.
Faith stepped forward and shook Mandas extended hand.
Im sorry for the loss of your Great Aunt. We all loved her so much.
Its a honor to meet you and Im sure well work well together.
Thank you. Ah, Ms. Greyson and Im sure well do fine. Did you know Nanny May long ?
All my life. My mother used to work and live here, so this has always been my home.
As Im sure it will continue to be, Manda assured her.  When you have time, Id love to hear all about my Great Aunt. I wish that I had known her. I hear that she was a special lady.
Oh yes, Faith stated adamantly with twinkling eyes and a broad grin.
As Faith stepped back, the next woman stepped forward.
Manda, Id like you to meet the best cook in the world, bar none. Ive had the great pleasure of dining here many times. This is Marla Sue Curtis.
Marla Sue, pink with pleasure, shook Mandas hand.
Its so nice to meet you, Ms. Harris. Sometime today, if possible, Id like to speak with you about the types of food you prefer.
How about after weve all been introduced ? Will that 
work ?
That will be fine, Ms. Harris.
Next was a married couple who lived on the estate in a massive apartment over the garage.
This wonderful couple is Ron and Pat McLean, the chauffeur who not only will be driving you, but who keeps the cars in tip top working order. His lovely wife is your primary maid.
They shook hands and murmured greetings, all with friendly smiles.
Next came two young women introduced as the two maids who came in on a daily basis. Rhonda Stern and Carly Foster, a cheerful pair of young women around Mandas age.
Three strong young men followed, introduced as the grounds keepers under the leadership of Jesse Craven.
Wheres Jesse ? inquired Mr. Lanier.
I dont know, responded one of the young men.
Thats OK, Mr. Lanier. Weve met Mr. Craven, Teresa volunteered.
Manda, before you meet with Marla Sue, can you step outside to meet security?
Manda glanced at Marla,  OK, Marla ?
 Fine, Ms. Harris.
Teresa, Manda and Mr. Lanier stepped out to the front yard where 3 men and two massive beautiful dogs waited.
The dogs were on leads and sat relaxed having been ordered to stand down.
Manda and Teresas first inclination was to make over the dogs, but Mr. Lanier gestured for them to stay where they were.
One of the men stepped forward.
Ms. Harris, we need to bring the dogs over to your cottage as soon as possible. You two ladies and these critters need to get to know each other, but we need to follow a certain procedure. What would be a good time?
Give me about an hour and a half. That OK ?
Thats just fine. Well see you then.
They tipped their hats just a bit and turned to leave.
Manda and Teresa returned to the foyer where Marla stood waiting. They proceeded to the kitchen and sat at the table. Marla picked a pen up, prepared to take notes.
What kinds of things do you like to eat, Ms. Harris and Mrs. Wembly?
Lets approach it this way, Ms. Curtis. What kinds of foods do you enjoy cooking ?
Excuse me, but could you call me Marla? Id be much more comfortable if you would. Of course, Its up to you.
Ill make a deal with you, Marla. Ill call you Marla if youll call me Manda. I will go nuts if everyone calls me Ms. Harris.
Its a deal !
I enjoy cooking just about everything. I do have a few specialities. Traditional southern cooking. Well, almost traditional. I cook as healthy as I can and still keep the flavor. Nanny May favored southern, Italian, and German; and Irish, of course.
Sounds like a woman after my own heart. Those will work for me. Actually, I like just about everything except shellfish. I dont do shellfish and I only like a few fish. Cod, orange roughy, salmon, and tuna. Oh, and ocean perch.
What about Tex-Mex and Mexican?
Occasionally.
Salads?
Love em.
Heavy or light breakfast, etc?
 I prefer a big breakfast, a light lunch, and a moderate supper. I also love desserts and I enjoy a sweet before bedtime.
OK. Ill make up several weeks worth of menus and you check them out. Hows that ?
Sounds workable to me.
Ill send the menus over later. Do you want to take your meals here or at the cottage ?
For now, Ill come here. Just write the times you prefer to serve on the menus. If there are to be any changes, well talk about that later.
Excellent. What would you like this evening, Manda?
Dont worry about tonight or breakfast in the morning. Mom and I have already taken care of that. Were keeping it simple because well be busy moving in and getting organized.
OK, Manda, see you for lunch tomorrow ?
Yes, Marla.
I want to tell you again how good its been to meet you, Manda.
I feel the same.
Mom and I better get busy, plus security will be coming to the cottage soon. Ill see you tomorrow, Marla.
They shook hands again before they left to return to the small house.

                            #
Jack copy from here !!!!!!!!




Manda decided that the introductions hadnt been as uncomfortable as she had expected. However, she now had another problem to consider. She and Teresa made the drive to the cottage in silence, both lost in thought.
They had nearly finished unloading the rest of their belongings when the team of guards pulled over and parked behind Mandas car.
Three men got out of the van and walked over to Manda and her mother.
Ms. Harris, well be working your security. I figured wed better introduce ourselves and acquaint you with the dogs.
Manda looked toward the van.
Theyre in the back, Mam.
Two of the men looked to be in their twenties and in good physical shape. The man doing the talking was probably in his forties and had a few extra pounds around his mid-section.
This here is Todd Rivers; he handles Bear, the German Shepard.
The redhead stepped forward and nodded, Nice to meet you, mam.
Manda reached to shake hands. 
Pleased to meet you, Mr. Rivers.
Please call me Todd.
Manda smiled at him. OK, Todd.
The ebony man stepped forward, Im Jake Simon and Jake will do just fine. I deal with Prissy, the Doberman.
Manda grinned and reached to take his hand.
Prissy ?
Yes, she has a little bit of an attitude, he chuckled.
Attitude is good, Manda laughed.
The third man removed his cap, revealing a receded hairline.
Im Richard Grater, mam. Ill be working the gate. He tipped his head at Manda and Teresa.
This is my mother, Teresa ONeill.
Teresa smiled and stepped forward to greet the men.
Im so happy to meet you all. Ill be able to relax now.
Thank you, mam. Well take good care of you ladies. You ready to meet our buddies ?
You bet, Mr. Grater.
Now, I need to tell you a few things. First, dont ever try to feed them. Theyre trained to not accept food from anyone but us. In fact, they will growl and back off, for starters. Second, call them by their names, say ease and let them sniff you when you see them. If you need them to attack, their commands are ball for one and bat, for the other. Ill give you directions to study. To stop them, say stand down. They will be taught to take this set of instructions from only their handlers and you two ladies.
Can we meet the dogs now, Teresa asked.
In a minute. When we bring them out, just stand there. You can smile, but dont grin and show your teeth. Showing teeth is a sign of aggression to dogs. After theyve been introduced to you, you wont have to worry about that anymore. Dont touch them or reach toward them; just stand still; just relax. Theyll check you out and get your scent. After a few commands, theyll protect you with their lives and be your friends forever. You all ready ?
Teresa and Manda glanced at each other with a nervous smile and nodded.
Todd and Jake headed for the back of the van while Teresa and Manda made a conscious effort to relax.
Its OK ladies; youll get along real good, Grater said with confidence.
The rear doors of the van opened and sounds of nails scrabbling and low excited whining reached their ears.
Todd and Jake were calmly talking to the dogs as they led them toward the little group. Bear bounced a bit with play as he was led toward Grater. Prissy, on the other hand, walked sedately with her head up and fathomless dark eyes gazing at nothing in particular, looking for all the world like a bored Egyptian queen.
Jake commanded Prissy to sit as Todd led Bear to first Manda then Teresa. Tod simply repeated the word friend as Bear circled each while continuing to sniff their scents.
Then the process was repeated with Prissy, who seemed to just tolerate their presence while looking down her nose at the women.
Now, Grater said,  Well do this one dog at a time. Manda, smile at Bear, reach out just a little with your handpalm turned up, say his name and then say ease. OK?
Todd led Bear to Manda while saying, MandaFriend. Manda followed her instructions while Bear checked out her extended palm.
After Teresa complied, Bear was told to sit. He began to thump the ground as he wagged his tail with excitement at the proceedings.
Prissy followed her commands with a condescending attitude, then sat in a regal manner leveling her eyes at Teresa and then Manda.
OK, ladies. Consider yourselves introduced. Were good to go. From now on you can talk to them, touch them, grin at them, even play a bit and they will be sweethearts.
Are you comfortable enough for them to be taken off their leads ?
Teresa and Manda nodded in a cautious manner.
When they were loose, they again approached Teresa and Manda. The interactive between them and the dogs was just a little tentative for a minute or so; then became relaxed as they all began to know each other better. They had to laugh when Prissy shed her regal demeanor and became playful.
You are such a fake, Manda laughed as she scratched behind Prissys ears. Prissy promptly rolled onto her back and presented her belly for some attention.
After some time, the dogs were put back on their leads after Todd and Jake offered them treats; then loaded into the van. They both looked forlorn as they looked out the window at Manda and her mom as Grater pulled onto the lane.
Manda laughed with her mom.
They are vicious guard dogs ???
Theyre doll babies, Teresa responded.
They returned to the cottage, taking a more thorough tour as they put the rest of their possessions away.
This is great, Mom. Everything is spotless and organized. All we have to do is enjoy.
Mom, I need some advice.
Ill do my best, Honey.
They settled themselves at the kitchen table after making a pot of coffee. It had been a long eventful day, but a satisfying one. They both sighed with relief and comfort, as they enjoyed the fresh coffee.
What kind of advice do you need, Manda ?
Mom, I love this little cottage. Id rather live here. I cant imagine bouncing around that huge house by myself; being waited on by a huge staff. That would be ridiculous. Im just not a lady of the manor type. ButI dont know what to do.
All those great people have worked here for years: some of them all their lives. I cant let them go. This place is their home and livelihood.
What are they going to do .wax floors and wash windows every day ?
Manda, you also have to consider the fact that the house and grounds have to be maintained and kept in good repair.
Manda sighed, Why couldnt I have inherited just this cottage and a few acres?
Well, thats not what happened, so lets throw out some ideas.
Mom, Manda groused,  Theres not even any furniture !
Well, Sweetie, that sounds like a good place to start.
How do I go about choosing furnishings for that huge 
estate ? I dont have a clue !
I say we begin by talking to Kate and Mr. Lanier. They may know someone around here that we could hire to help you. What do you think, Honey ?
I think thats a great idea. You are priceless, Mom.
Why dont we get going on this. Its been a long day, so lets go to Kates place for dinner .Let someone else do the cooking.
Lets finish this coffee first: I need the caffeine.

                      #

They sat at their usual table pondering the list of decorators that Kate had written down for them. There were four on the list.
Ill make calls in the morning and set up appointments with each of them and take it from there.
Manda folded the list and put it in her purse.
Manda looked up at the sound of the restaurant door opening to see a man enter and stand waiting to be seated.
I know him. Ive seen him before !
At that moment, she heard Lories voice travel across the room.
Perry, where have you been ? I havent seen you for such a long time !
As he turned toward Lorie, Manda caught a better look at his face.
She jerked with surprise as she realized who he was.
Teresa looked at her oddly.
Something wrong, Hon ?
Susans husband!
Who ?
 Ill explain later, Mom.
She watched as Lorie seated him and took his order. Lorie remained for a moment at his table as they engaged in a muted conversation. Expressions of shock and anger-followed by grief-chased one another over Lories pretty face. Lorie laid her hand on Perrys cheek, then with tears skimming her face, spun to return to the kitchen. Perry watched her exit with an intense stare and expressionless face. He began to glance around the room, settling his gaze on Manda. A puzzled look crossed his face-then his eyes widened as he recognized her. He clasped his hands on the top of the table and directed his gaze downward. It was clear that he wasnt sure that he wanted to acknowledge her presence.
After a moment, he seemed to make a decision. He stood and began to walk toward her table. As he drew closer, Manda saw that his face was very pale and he had pulled a somber pathetic mask over his face.
He stood by their table, looked with blank eyes at Teresa, then swung his head toward Manda.
Excuse me, but arent you the young woman who stayed at my B&B a couple weeks ago ?
Yes, I am, Perry. My name is Manda Harris.
Perry, I am so sorry about Susan. She was an outstanding woman.
Yes.she was. I miss her so much. I guess you heard how..how she..died .
Manda nodded, Have the police caught him, Perry?
Teresa cast her eyes down and listened to his dull voice.
No, They have no clues at all.
I heard you have a baby boy. How is he?
Perry smiled just a little. Hes fine. Beautiful. He barely whispered,  He looks like Susan.
Thenyeshe is beautiful, Perry.
Susans mother is taking care of him while Im on the road. Its a good thing she has him to occupy her time. Hes the only thing keeping her going right now. I wish I could be with him all the time, but I have to keep the family business going for him. Itll be his someday.
Susan sensed that talking was relaxing him a little.
What is the family business, Perry? I know you travel a lot.
We own several quarries. Granite, limestone, marble, peridot.thats what we have to offer. Its a good business.
I know about all of those except peridot. Ive never heard of that one.
 Its beautiful, but its usually used only for jewelry and accents in masonery.
What does it look like ?
Well, in its natural state, its a beautiful rich dark green, but in jewelry, its a pale green.
The big stone at the end of your lane
 Yeah, thats peridot.
 It is magnificent; especially with the roses covering part of it. 
That was Susans idea. She lovesloved peridot.
Watching his face begin to fall again, Manda tried to divert his thoughts.
 I think Peridot was used on the exterior wall of my little cottage. I didnt know what it was until just now.
 Really ? Where is your place ?
Its a converted carriage house on Nanny May Harris estate.
Perrys face began to lose its color. Staring at Manda, he pushed his chair back and began to push himself upright.
 Ah, we werent the suppliers, he stammered. 
Losing more color from his face, he turned and walked from the restaurant.
Manda began to rise, but Teresa laid her hand on Mandas.
Let him go, Dear.
But Mom
Manda, its clear that hes very upset and cant deal with any further conversation right now.
But, a conversation about peridot ???
I know it seems odd, but there must be a reason. Let it go for now, Honey.

The truck sat in the parking slot across from the restaurant.
His hands white knuckled the steering wheel as he fought to regain his composure. He kept swallowing the saliva flooding his mouth, attempting to prevent heaving the contents of his stomach. He searched the street for something to focus on that would distract his mind from producing the picture of Susan lying on the lounge by the lake; her life saturating her clothing, pooling on the cushion beneath her body, and glistening on the grass surrounding the place of her final breath.
He leaned onto the wheel; moaning as he gripped handfuls of his hair in his fists.
Too late; her image was there.her eyes looking into his piteously as if she was locked onto his gaze in an vain effort to keep her grasp on life. He could actually feel her desperate pull on him followed by her essence fading from her eyes. 
Susan, SusanIm so sorry, so sorry, so sorry.

                          #

Manda and Teresa continued to sit in silence.
In response to Teresas request for Manda to let her in on the story, Manda just shook her head.
Later Mom, Please.
Kate came out of the kitchen carrying a tray covered with prepared flatware in napkins.
Seeing the morose look on the faces of the two women, she sat the tray down and walked to their table.
Is my food that bad ? she grinned.
Oh no, Kate. Its delicious as always.
I just saw Perry ----.
Yeah, I know he was here. Lorie is all upset. They had a thing going, you know.
Manda replied, No, youre thinking about someone else. This guys marriedor he was, rather.
Cant be, Perry and Lorie have been a twosome for a long time. I figure theyll be setting a date any time now. Of course, I dont know why Lories so upset. Maybe somethings changed.
Kate, I swearthe man I just saw was married up until a week or so ago. On my way down here from Gary, I spent a night with him and his wife at the Bed and Breakfast they owned.
Kate frowned,  Are you absolutely sure, Manda ?
Positive, its the same man.he recognized me.
Kate sat down.
You said that he was married until a week or so ago ?
Yes, he and his wife just had a baby.
What ? scowled Kate.  Did she die in childbirth ?
No, Kate. She was murdered.
Kate drew in a quick breath, Oh My God.I wonder if Lorie knows all this. In a shocked voice, Kate answered her own question, No,noshe cant know. Lorie is a sweet and caring young woman..as honest and forthright as an angel. She would never become involved in anything like this.  
Kate, will you talk to her ? I need some answers and shell be more comfortable with you. Can you try to find out what is going on and call me at the cottage, please ?
Kate nodded. 
I will, but it may take a while. I expect this talk with Lorie is going to be a long one.


                              #

Teresa and Manda got into the blistering hot car. Manda started the engine and turned the air conditioner on.
Teresa blurted the words, Dammit, Manda. What the hell was that all about ? Im terrified out of my wits !
Mom, Ill explain as soon as I can. Theres something I have to do right now. Its very important. Youll hear all about it when I talk to Detective Haworth.
Oh..my..God, Kate murmured as Manda pulled away from the curb.

                            #

Kate drew a deep shaky breath and entered the kitchen.
Bryan, she addressed the cook, Wheres Lorie ?
I dont know, Ms. Kate. She went running out the door about five minutes ago. Whats going on; is she OK ? She was crying; really upset.
Shit, Kate sputtered, as she ran to the door. There was no one in sight.
Bryan, do you know what she drives ?
A bright yellow beat-up VW. Its parked in the lot.
Kate scanned the small employee parking lot behind the restaurant.
Shes gone! She whirled around to face Bryan, panic on her face. Do you have any idea where she went?
No, I dont. Whats wrong ?
I dont know-I dont know-I dont know.
She dashed to her little office and yanked the drawer to the file cabinet open. After a few seconds of thumbing through files with shaking hands, she pulled one out and dashed back to Bryan.
I have to leave. Call the girls and see if they can come in right away to help you. If they cant youre going to have to close up.
She ran out the kitchen door to her car, glanced into the file for a second, then jumped into the car and gunned the engine as she tore from the lot.
Minutes later Kate pulled into the driveway of the tiny cottage that was listed on the job application form as Lories residence.
Jumping from the car, a quick look around confirmed that no one was there. No answer to her pounding on the front and back doors, no car in the garage, no sign of life seen by peering through windows, the daily newspaper still on the front porch.
Oh, Lord. I have a very bad feeling about this.
The panic growing, she raced back to her car and headed and headed for the police department.

                           #

She was lying exactly where he knew hed find her.
Under the huge live oak close to the bluff.
As he approached her with silent footfalls, he could see that she slept. Her eyes were red and swollen, her eyelashes clumped into spikes by tears. It was clear that she had cried out her misery until exhaustion had delivered her into a calming sleep.
He knelt with slow caution beside her. He studied the familiar contours of her lovely face, the beauty of her silken hair, the perfection of her youthful body.
He bowed his head as pity, shame, and remorse flooded his mind. He knelt there as rage began to wage war with and finally overcome the other feelings.
She was drawn into this by evil not of her making. She is an innocent with a young soul. She has the ability to be a kind and helpful being to others who have been tainted by grief and other hardships.
No, he mummured.
He stood, slipping the small deadly knife into his pocket.
He looked at her with love and compassion. 
Have a good life, young one.
He turned from her and withdrew into the trees.
Lorie moaned softly; her body relaxing even more as she settled into a deeper healing sleep. A faint smile touched her face.
Megan, Patrick and Nanny watched Gems departure. Surprise and amazement followed by confusion etched their faces. A subtle blend of soft laughter, sighs of relief, and joyous murmurs drifted through the air from the cemetery on the top of the hill.
The three old souls dissolved into the air as a breeze sprung up to cool the tear ravaged face of Lorie as she dreamed of a richer and more fulfilling future.

                        #

 
 


































CAST  OF  CHARACTERS




Karyn

Died between 2:00 pm Sunday afternoon and 3:00 am Monday morning
Found by young jogger
Lying under live oak tree on Live Oaks estate on bluff overlooking beach by Gulf of       Mexico
Murder victim
No ID
Two throat cutscarotid arteries
No signs of sexual activity-------------( insert )
No other signs of trauma
Did not struggle
Placed on quilt after death
Alabama Star quilt pattern
Symbol of astrological sign of Virgo in corner of quilt---not discovered yet
Blond hair
Blue eyes-----------------( insert )
Attractive
Young ( mid twenties ?)
5 ft.  4 in.
105 pounds
Astrological sign of Virgo on ring finger---------------------(insert)----not recognized yet
Upset
Basket of sweetsemptied
Novel







Manda June Harris


Born:  10-11-1984   Gary, Indiana by Lake Michigan
Age 23-------------------------(insert)
Black/blue highlights curly hairshoulder length
Very light blue eyes
Very fair complexion
Dimples
5 ft. 6 in.
123 pounds
Attractive
No siblings
No love relationship
Libra
Graduated high school
Undecided on career
Studied Astrology
Loves to read
Drives Taurus
Dad died in accident at her age 11
Mother remarried when Manda  age 14     she and husband live in North West
Inherits  Live Oaks at age 23 from Great Aunt previously unknown to her
Drives back roads to area of Gulf Shore, Alabama to claim inheritance
Stays in Harbor Hotelroom # 210hotel phone 251-632-1011
Tends to stress easily 
Desires simplicity in life
Loves chocolate
Vague recognition of Karyns picture on news---realizes she looks like Susan at bedtime
Asks her mom to get Mandas dads family tree







Teresa June ONeill


Mandas mom
Had Manda at age 32
Lost husband and Mandas father from work accident in 1995 when she was 43
Remarried in 1998 at age 46
Moved to Pacific North West
Low to middle class
Born at Live Oaks----does not know this
Has never heard of Live Oaks
Has never researched family tree
Has never heard of Violet Louise Cochran..listed in courthouse records as her mom and Mandas grandmother-------------(check this in story)
Believes her mom is Megan Katherine Simpson.the woman who raised her-----(check this in story)
Thinks her fathers name is Whitman James ONeill.courthouse lists his name as James Whitman ONeill-------------(check this in story)
Believes her father died several years after her birthcourt records show he died in 1998
Has never seen birth certificates.lost many years ago
Worries
Manda reassures her that she will get the info straightened out.
Asks Manda for updates
Agrees to get Mandas dads family tree









Gem

Murderer
Male
Appearance: unknown
Identity: unknown
Any other information regarding him: unknown
Drawn to Live Oaks during day light.
Afraid of and intimidated by  Live Oaks during night.
Hears sounds of grief and laughter at  Live Oaks at night.
Hears ? Senses ? commands from house ? at night.
Feels he has mission ? 
Doesnt want mission.
Must obey orders.
Has conflicted thoughts and feelings.
Feels shame .for actions ?
Feels bitterness. for having to obey orders ?
Wants normal life.
Being around Manda concerns him as it drains his energy








Mrs. Collins

Mandas neighbor and landlady in Gary, Indiana.
Short in height.
A Grandmother.at least three Grandsons.
Has bad feelings about Manda relocating.
Cautions Manda.
She and Manda promise to keep in touch.
Manda gives her hotel name and number--------Harbor Hotel    # 251-632-1011







Susan

Co-owner with husband of  Mimosa Bed and Breakfast----------( insert name of B&B ?? )
B&B located near small town of Erin, Tennesseejust across Kentucky border
Last stages of pregnancy.
Hobbies:  cookingquiltinggrows flowers for cutting grows grapes and berries.
Her mother teaches her quilting twice a week.
Her mother always quilting for family, special orders, general sales, uses web sites and chat rooms.
Country style B&B
B&B entrance has sign on large slab of  dark green and grey ( peridot  ??)
Lane of mimosas
Lake on property.
Lonelyhusband on road a lot.
Anticipating babywill give companionship and keep her busy.
Born: July 14
Astrological birth sign of Cancer
Delivered of baby boy shortly after Mandas visit
Murdered by Gem,(she sees her husband, Perry)---is it him or shape shifter ????
Gem paints symbol for Cancer on fingernail and poses her
Gem kisses her good-bye ------------(check if in story)
Gem weeps








Perry

Susans husband
Ordinary appearance
Great sense of humor
On the road a lot.
Finds Susan
Tremendous grief 
Susans mom and Perry care for baby






Jogger

Young male
Jogging on beach
Discovers Karyn at approximately 8:30 Monday morning.
Prefers blonds
Interviewed by police and cleared.
Very shaken
His footprints ending 13 feet from body only evidence at crime scene.





Detective Gary J. Haworth

Jaded by human atrocities
Transferred from New Orleans to escape high crime level
Hates autopsies
Impatient
Frustrated
Flooded media with photos of victim
Alerted other law enforcement
Checked data base for identification purposes
Can not identify
Can not find any evidence
Is informed by data base, two other woman, almost exact mo, similar appearance, found, one in Georgia, one in Louisianna, cant identify, no evidence.
Murders approximately 6 months apart.
Calls old friend, Sam for help   ( FBI ??)
No ego problems about asking for help.
Faxes info to Sam ( pics of victim, quilt, and symbol)
Wonders if symbol on quilt is deliberate quilters mistake










Sandy

Police dispatcher
Recognizes Karyns quilt as being the Alabama Star pattern
Tells Gary about the deliberate mistake tradition by quilters







Sam

FBI  ??
Called for help by Gary
Tells Gary the following:
     Quilt under Louisiana victim has symbol corner of underside
      Found by Mississippi River---------------------( Change to lake ????)
      Gold symbol for sign of Leo(symbol not recognized) on fingernail--------------(insert)
Asks Gary the following:
       Body around water ?    ( YesKaryn 300 feet from Gulf )
       Symbol on quilt ?
       Take pictures of quilt and send
        If symbol on quilttake pictures and send
Hasnt received info from Georgia murder yet.------------(same mosymbol on fingernail ???  check)





Dr. Dennis Mitchum

Forensics------------------------- (coroner or medical examiner ???)
Does Karyns autopsy











Lee

Dr. Dennis Mitchums assistant
Has taken x-rays
Has taken photographs
Helps turn Karyn over






Mr. John Lanier
 
Has first appointment with Manda 10:00 am Tuesday-------(check day)
Nanny Mays lawyer for years
Executer of Nanny Mays estate
52 years old
Silver hair
Upstanding
Gentleman
Sensitive
Good manners
Excellent lawyer
Patient
Helpful
Tells Manda ancestors bought land 150 years ago
Tells Manda 200 acres on Gulf with private beach
Makes appointment with Manda for next day ( Wednesday ) for lunch and tour of estate-------(check day)

2nd appointment::::

Gives Manda all info she needs to navigate area, contact staff, medical needs, orders local paper
Mandas 1st trip to estate. 
Gives verbal description of house
Gives Manda  reassurance and offer of help  when shes overwhelmed
Suggests rescheduling for rest of tour
Gives Manda blueprints and platt
Drives her to hotel

3rd appointment::::

Mandas relaxed
Mr. Lanier quiet
Mr. Lanier anxious
Tour of main house
Back to office
Will read
Gives Manda to-do list
Gives Manda 2 sealed envelopes
Tells her that he and Grace will look into ancestor discrepancies
Gives Manda keys to property
Tells Manda about Karyn
Manda scared
Tells Manda about security devices
Suggests guard dog
Suggests guard
Suggests bringing staff back
Tells Manda he will call Sheriff Turner about dog and guard
Manda asks that he call sheriff right awayvery frightened

4th appointedunexpected

Mandy angry and upset
Mr Lanier reads letter Nanny wrote to Manda
Hes surprised by Nannys apparent eccentricities
Manda demands full security started immediately
Manda demands appointment for safe deposit box as soon as possible
He talks to Detective Haworth about more security for Manda
He gives Detective Haworth Mandas 
He gives Detective Haworth Mandas Hotel name, room number, and phone number






Mrs. Case

Clerk at accessors office
golden ager
Tiny woman
Wishes Manda good luck



Kate

Owner of Breakfast, Brunch and Lunch
Old friend and classmate of John Lanier
Teasing relationship
Mr. Lanier always gets Reuben or home made barbeque on every other day basis
Kate concerned how Kate will take news of Karyn
Asks Mr. Lanier for updates











Grace

Mr. Laniers secretary
Pleasant 
Genteel 
Southern accent
Serves tea and coffee






Patrick and Megan

Mandas G.G. Grandparents ???
Ghosts ??
Try to fight evil
Try to protect innocents
Visit Manda while she sleeps
They are still romantic
They flirt with each other
Manda wakes up hearing them giggle.although she thinks its part of a dream
Their presence comforts Manda though she doesnt know they are there

2nd visit

They are delighted to see spunk in Manda
Manda hears them again








Nanny May ONeill

Jamess sister
Teresas ( Mandas mom ) Aunt
Mandas Great Aunt
Willed all possessions to Manda
Left 2 envelopes to Manda
One letter is personal
One envelope contains money and key to safe deposit box----------(journal ????)
Same birthdate as Manda
Libra
Never married
Never had children
Unknow to Manda until Nannys death
Unknow to Mandas mom ( Teresa ) until Nannys death









Violet Louise Cochran

Wife of James 
Sister-in-law of  Nanny May ONeill ( Teresas Aunt) as stated by courthouse
Mother of Teresa ( who is Mandas mom ) as recorded by courthouse
Unknown to Teresa
Grandmother of Manda as recorded by courthouse
Unknown to Manda




Megan Katherine Simpson  ( No Personal Records exist )
 
Whitman James ONeills wife 
Raised Teresa ( Mandas mom )
Teresa believes her to be her mom
Manda believes her to be her Grandmother
Her birth certificate has never been seen by Teresa
Her marriage lisense has never been seen by Teresa   ( insert )
She never spoke of of Live Oaks or any relatives recorded at courthouse
Her name and birth information does not exist at courthouse


Whitman James ONeal    (  No Accurate Personal Records Exist )

Megans husband
Raised Teresa
Teresa believes him to be her dad
Manda believes him to be her grandfather
His birth certificate has never been seen by Teresa
His marriage license has never been seen by Teresa
He never spoke of  Live Oaks  or any relatives recorded at courthouse
His name and birth information does not exist at courthouse
His first and middle names are reversed from Teresas father as  recorded by courthouse










Live Oaks
Address:7249 East Sunset Road
Palatial Estate
Built in area of Gulf Shores, Alabama before Gulf Shores established
Built in 1853 to 1855
Built by Patrick Ian ONeill who sailed over from Ireland
Sits on 200 acres on Gulf of Mexico
Private beach
All  ONeills  born since 1855 were born at Live Oaks 
Willed to Manda by Great Aunt Nanny May ONeill




Stanley Brand-------- (check name)

Dog trainer
Trains dogs for security purposes
Trains dogs for Gulf Shores police departments canine unit
Mr.Lanier calls him about security for Live Oaks


Jenny

Works at police desk





Sheriff Turner





Mr. Lewis

Bank president of First National Bank 






Carol Witkey-------------(change name in book)

Auditor or tax assessor for safe deposit box




Dr. Walker

Emergency Room physician
Attends Manda after beach/wave incident
Suggests Dr.Louis Studar for Mandas primary care physician-----(check his name)



Lorie

Waitress at Breakfast, Brunch and Lunch






Tod Rivers

Dog handler
Has worked private homes
Part of Mandas security team




Jake Simon

Dog handler
Has worked industrial park
Part of Mandas security team




Richard Grater

Head of canine unit
Part of Mandas security team
Guards entrance gate at night



Dogs:

Bear.German Shepard
Prissy..Doberman






Herb Shivley

Local contractor
Renovated Carriage house


 







Jesse Craven

Head of landscaping



Faith Grayson

Lives at Live Oaks
Housekeeper
46 years old
Mother was housekeeper at Live Oaks
Faith raised at Live Oaks




Marla Sue Curtis

Lives at Live Oaks
Cook
38 years old


Ron Mc Leanchauffeur.auto mechanic
Pat Mc Lean.primary maid

Husband and Wife
Early 30s
Live in large apartment over garage





Rhonda Stern

Maid
22 years old
comes in daily from her home




Carly Foster

25 years old
Maid
Comes in daily from her home



Jack Sanders

Gardener





Lonnie Nunnon

Gardener






Sam Lyman

Gardener


















