








Also by the same author




Don't Drink The Water: A Year in Asia


The Republic


The Halcyon Trilogy



THE LUNATIC MESSIAH




SIMON CUTTING







1



JOE FINCH DOES NOT EXIST
The latest note was very concise, there was no doubt about that, but it was also the most verifiably false, as it was Joe Finch himself who was reading it. Like all the others it was written on a plain sheet of paper in a thick black marker, like the kind used on a whiteboard. Joe frowned and folded it in half, before placing it in the top drawer of his desk. There were five other notes in the drawer already, all equally mysterious and all anonymous. They had begun appearing a few days earlier, usually slipped under the door of his office before he arrived at work, but once he had found one underneath the windscreen wiper of his Volvo in the parking lot. That had been the oddest one so far.
THE MULE IS A VEHICLE
He wasn't sure that the mule would like its entire worth as a living creature reduced to its ability to be exploited as a vehicle, but it didn't really keep him up at night. It was most likely students playing some kind of elaborate practical joke on him, and from the nature of the messages, they were probably philosophy students. There were a lot of those where Joe worked at The Finchwood Academy for Creative Arts and Dramatics Education. An academy for higher education in the creative fields of life in name, it was in fact more of a dumping ground for those students that had neither the desire nor the academic aptitude required to attend one of the more recognised universities in the Sydney metropolitan area. The similarity of his own surname and that of the Finchwood Academy was entirely coincidental but it had become something of a joke amongst his colleagues who had gone on to more illustrious careers. At any reunion he was foolish enough to attend he could be sure of hearing the following dialogue:
'Who on earth would choose to work at Finchwood?'
'Joe Finch would!'
Needless to say, Joe didn't attend the reunions any more. He reached back into the drawer and removed another of the notes. This one had arrived the previous morning and had an even more cryptic message.
THE SEARCH FOR TRUTH MAKES LIES OF US ALL
Joe could have sworn that he had read that somewhere back in his own days as a student but where exactly it was from he couldn't recall. It could have come from the inside of a fortune cookie for all he knew, but it had given him an idea. Gabriel Armaita was the only one of his students who was not a complete imbecile and for that reason, she was the most annoying. The daughter of a psychiatrist, she insisted on analysing everything in a clinical manner. Her diagnosis was rarely limited to the text itself and it frequently extended to a full psychological profile of the author as well. This made his European Literature tutorial a complete nightmare, but now he had come up with a possible solution. Suddenly there was a knock on the door, which shook him from his thoughts.
Enter, he said, in the authoritative voice that he reserved for his students.
The door opened slowly, banging on the corner of the desk (his office would have made a wardrobe feel spacious) and Harry Tudor poked his head in. Harry was the Faculty Head and had an office just opposite Joe's. His title was not as impressive as it sounded, as there were only two of them in the European Literature Faculty but, technically speaking, Harry was his boss. Being his only departmental colleague, he had also become Joe's de facto best friend.
Sorry, said Harry. I was just checking that were still on for dinner tonight. I know you have a class to get to.
'Tell me, Harry, do you memorise everybody's timetable or is it just mine? Don't answer that,' Joe said when it appeared that Harry hadn't grasped the rhetorical nature of the question. 'So are you bringing your latest elbow accessory? What's her name again?'
'Zoe, and no, I'm not. I told her it was over.'
Joe nodded knowingly. This sort of news from anyone else might have provoked at least the pretence of sympathy, but coming from Harry it was such a regular event that Joe didn't even bother.
'Tell me, Harry, do you think your fear of intimacy stems from a series of unsatisfying relationships or your series of unsatisfying relationships stems from a fear of intimacy?'
Harry smiled boyishly, and Joe shuddered. It was that boyish smile that allowed him to attract so many younger women in the first place, but Joe had always felt that it simply looked wrong on an unmarried man in his late forties.
'There's no answer to that. You may as well ask what came first, the chicken or the egg.'
'It was neither. The rooster came first and then made some feeble excuse about having to work in the morning and left the chicken feeling deeply unsatisfied.'
'That's great, Joe. I'll see you at lunch, okay?'
Joe nodded again, but then suddenly called Harry back, scrambling on his desk for a sheet of paper.
'Wait, wait, wait. Harry, while youre here I have something to show you.
Harry glanced at his watch.
Joe, I think youd better get going. Youre supposed to be there in five minutes.
Joe waved aside his concerns and snatched up the sheet of paper from his desk. He handed it to Harry who reluctantly began to look over it.
Well they can wait. Theyre only students anyway. They come and go
While we are the rocks that the waves of ignorance crash against, Harry said, reading from the page.
He turned the paper over to see if the other side was blank and, noting that it was, turned it back again.
Well, read it, said Joe.
My slowly healing temperament is scarcely substantial enough to contain the depths of mindless oblivion that permeate the very fabric of my being Harry murmured, before looking up from the page again. What is this nonsense?
I wrote it, replied Joe proudly, and he smiled when Harry immediately looked apologetic.
Dont worry. I know its terrible. That is in fact the very point of it. Who could possibly write the words, the very serenity of disposition is the root of rage within the breast of others. The very lack of feeling creates such emotive response, and take themselves seriously? Its a little trap for a student of mine, thats all.
Harry looked confused and handed the page back to Joe, again glancing at his watch. Joe sighed. Harrys obsession with punctuality, especially when it was not even his class, was very tiring but he had chosen to ignore it. Harry could probably tell him, down to the nearest second, exactly how long he had been ignoring it for.
Look. Theres a girl in my class, Gabriel Armaita, whose father is the Head Psychiatrist at the local hospital as she is so fond of reminding us all. Shes obsessed with it. Every time we discuss any novel she uses the text to make some sort of diagnosis of the author.
Well, whats wrong with that? It sounds like an interesting approach to literary criticism, to be honest.
Interesting? Its ridiculous. She claimed that Frankenstein was only written due to penis envy and that Oscar Wilde was a repressed heterosexual.'
'So?'
So? Were supposed to be discussing the literature. Not whether or not Jane Austen just really needed to get over it and have sex with something.
Fine. So she takes it too far. Whats your point?
My point is that she reads too much into everything. Psychiatry in general is an inexact science, and having some nineteen year old spouting her textbook diagnoses in my classes is something I can do without. Thats why I wrote this.
Joe gestured at the piece of paper on the table in front of him.
So what does it mean?
Nothing. Thats the whole point. Its completely random. Every single thing Ive written on that page is just the result of some random word association. It means absolutely nothing. Its rubbish.
So you want her to make a fool of herself?
The search for meaning makes lies of us all, Harry. But I want her to realise it. Im going to tell them its a short fragment from a diary written by Tolstoy. That should invoke a nice long-winded answer from our Ms Armaita.
Fine, fine. But you really should be getting to class.
Joe got to his feet rapidly and snatched the paper from Harrys hand.
'Tick, tock, Harry. For a man with such loose morals, you certainly run a tight ship.'
'Sure, Joe. I'll see you tonight.'
Joe was already some way down the corridor at this point but he stopped and smiled manically at his friend.
'Perhaps, but there's a growing amount of evidence suggesting that I don't actually exist, so let's play it by ear!' he called back, leaving Harry to wander, bemused, back to his own office.

When Joe arrived in his tutorial his students were all waiting for him in the grubby little room. There was Gabriel Armaita, sitting front row centre as she always did, her folder lined up on the desk at perfect right angles and her pen in hand. Behind her were John Smith and Richard Jones, two boys whose personalities were as bland as their names. Joe barely even thought of them as real people. Whenever he tried to picture them their faces seemed so nondescript it was if they had been blurred our for security reasons. As for their personalities, Joe strongly doubted that either one of them could pass a Turing Test. Naturally, they always sat together, but they barely said a word. The two girls, Tess and Leah, were next to them on the right, chatting away to each other about the most recent party they had been to and who had done what to whom in the upstairs bedroom. There was one other student signed on for the course, a Mohammed Ashhab, but since the start of the semester, Joe had not seen him once. Gabriel Armaita pointed at her watch as he entered.
The tutorial started at half past three, Mr Finch.
Joe placed his tattered leather briefcase on the desk.
Really. Can I copy someone's notes then? he replied, without looking up.
'Mr Finch...'
Right,' interrupted Joe, 'now before we begin I have something here that I think you all may find of interest. Its not exactly related to what were doing but its a nice diversion.
Gabriel raised her hand to speak, but it was only a token gesture, because she began to speak without waiting for a response.
With all due respect, she began, in a voice that suggested she didnt believe much respect was due, we're already late. Do we really have time to waste on curiosities? Our exams are only eighteen weeks away.
Eighteen weeks, Joe thought incredulously. He pushed his tongue against his teeth. This was not what he really wanted to do. What he really wanted to do was push his fist against Gabriels teeth, but this smaller action would have to suffice for the time being. He would have his revenge soon enough.
Yes, Ms Armaita, we do have time to waste on curiosities. I am here not just to teach you about literature as defined by the current fashionable curriculum. I am also here to teach you how to think. What I have in my hand here is a fragment from a diary written by Tolstoy in his last days. He was on his way to a monastery with one of his daughters at the time, but he still kept fairly extensive records of his state of mind. This particular fragment has never been published outside of academic texts so I thought you might like to hear it.'
Now Gabriel did look interested. She was always interested in anything to do with Tolstoy and Joe knew exactly why. The man was clearly mad. A genius maybe, but mad nonetheless, and he smiled to himself at the thought that Gabriel had taken the bait so easily. Joe began to read the gibberish on the page in front of him. Even as he read it, it was hard to keep a straight face. It was just such blatant rubbish. When he had read it in private it hadnt seemed quite so obvious, but now in front of the class he was almost certain that someone would see through it immediately. But they didnt. He read all the way to the end. The bland boys made a pretence of listening, and the chatty girls stopped chatting long enough for him to finish, but Gabriel was transfixed. He could see the gears in her brain working overtime as he read, analysing each sentence as she heard it. When he had finished he placed it down on the desk reverently.
'A trifle overblown perhaps, but you must remember that this is not from any published work and as such lacks the professionalism and polish of his other writing. Although as anybody who's read Tolstoy will tell you, the man might have benefited from a more aggressive editing process,' Joe laughed, not because he thought his comment was funny, but because he was well aware that the only one of his students who had ever read any Tolstoy was Gabriel.
'Does anybody want to offer any of their insights into the text?'
Joe made a show of looking around the room, first at the two boys who, even now when they were trying so hard to look thoughtful, were still very reminiscent of furniture. The two girls weren't even trying to look thoughtful. Their facial muscles weren't aware of that configuration. It was Gabriel who spoke. It was only ever Gabriel who spoke.
I dont know what he was trying to say. He was ranting by the sound of it, but I think we can deduce a lot of things from it that maybe he didnt mean to say.
Here we go, thought Joe with a growing sense of delight.
This doesnt read like other works of Tolstoy. You say he was on his way to a monastery at the time? But as we know, he didnt make it. He died before he got there, and I think he knew. This reads like a man who is about to die and knows it. It reads like a man at the end of his life. Hopeless. I think that the man who wrote this diary was ready for death but too much of a coward to take that last step of total acceptance. He felt that everything was worthless, but just kept on going through the mechanical motions of the world because he didnt know what else to do.
'Is that so? You can tell all of this from that one little fragment?' Joe said, smirking, but he was beginning to feel a pain in his temples.
'Mr Finch, people give away far more than they intend to all the time. Just from their body language or the intonation of their voice. This was from a man's private diary, and it was something he probably never intended anybody else to read. It lays out his psychological state like a road map.'
Joe was trying to savour the moment, but the throbbing in his temples seemed to have come out of nowhere. He had never suffered a migraine before, but he would have been willing to bet that they felt exactly like this.
Anyway, as I was saying,' continued Gabriel, 'the man who wrote this has lost the ability to love, and to be loved. He is sexually and emotionally unfulfilled. Some of the lines are petty, like the very serenity of disposition is the root of rage within the breast of others. The very lack of feeling creates such emotive response. It screams of failure, despite the convoluted use of language. Hes saying he hates that other people arent as desperate and hopeless as he is. It enrages him that others can feel serenity within their own lives while he is nothing more than a worthless, impotent, hate-filled failure.
Joe looked back and forth from Gabriel to the two boys behind her. Their faces now did look blurred out, quite literally. He struggled to form their features in a cohesive form but they were nothing but faceless entities, staring from the blurred outlines of their eye sockets. By contrast, Gabriel looked as though her skin was aflame. It was glowing with an almost ethereal white light.
Wait. What are you saying? That Tolstoy was a worthless failure? Joe struggled to say, wondering if he looked as bad as he felt.
No. But he obviously thought he was towards the end of his life. The man who wrote this is not the Tolstoy who wrote "Anna Karenina". The man who wrote this was a hopelessly bitter wreck of a man. He writes in a smugly superior way, but that just further underlines his own inadequacies. He tells so much more about himself than he ever meant to with this this tantrum.
Joe rubbed his head. He could feel himself sweating. It was actually rolling down his forehead as Gabriel spoke. Her brow furrowed in something akin to concern.
'Are you okay, Mr Finch?'
Joe sat down on the corner of the desk heavily, forcing himself to look up. He pointed a finger at Gabriel accusingly.
You dont know what youre talking about. You cant work out a psychological profile based on a few paragraphs of writing.
In a very broad sense, you can, if this is genuine, she replied indignantly. I doubt it is, anyway. Tolstoy was a great man, despite his faults. Whoever wrote this was a pathetic excuse for one.'
Joe wiped the sweat from his brow and stood up but he almost fell to the floor. Gabriel was shining so brightly that the rest of the room seemed shrouded by darkness. She was the voice of truth from above, and he was the subject of that horrible light. He snatched the paper from the desk and jammed it into his briefcase, tearing it as he did so.
I have to go. Youre dismissed. Ill see you next week.
His head was pounding now but he could barely feel it. It was a dull roar in the background of his more immediate concerns. The thought that kept running through his mind again and again. The thought that he was nothing more than a worthless, impotent, hate-filled failure.
'Mr Finch...'
The voices and the light faded away and Joe fell to the floor, hitting his head on the desk on the way down. The last words to go through his mind before he lost consciousness entirely were written in thick black pen across his mind.

The search for truth makes lies of us all.







2



The smell is terrible. As my eyes adjust to the light I can see that I'm in a bathroom, and one that has not been cleaned in quite some time. It has a squat toilet, stained almost black, with a shower directly above it. The door is closed, but I can hear voices on the other side. It occurs to me that I should probably feel confused by my new surroundings, but somehow I feel nothing but calm. Wherever I am, it doesn't look very much like Australia. My hand is tingling as if I have pins and needles, and my back is also very sore. I pull up my shirt and run my hand across the skin. It's coarse, and it stings as it makes contact with my fingertips. I force myself to feel again, and to my surprise I can run my index finger down the long ridge of a scar on my lower back, several inches long, and raised from the skin in a jagged mountain range of puckered flesh. That's certainly new, but then again, so are my surroundings. I push the door open, noticing an increase in the tingling sensation in my hand. The door yields easily. A little too easily. It almost feels like it would come off the hinges if I gave it a more forceful nudge. Behind the door is an equally dingy hotel room. The curtains are drawn shut and the room is lit by a very dim bulb, hanging by a chain from the roof. There is a lumpy bed in the centre of the room, upon which sits a young man with dark hair. His pants are around his ankles, and he looks very uncomfortable. Nearby an equally young woman is going through a suitcase. Neither one of them looks at me when I enter the room and I feel somewhat disconnected from the whole scene, as though watching it through a screen.
'Let's just get on with it, Ada,' says the man irritably.
The woman, Ada, does not pause in what she is doing.
'There should be some alcohol wipes in here somewhere.'
I walk over and stand between them, hoping to make my presence known quickly, but neither one of them pays me the slightest bit of attention. I wave a hand in front of the man, but his eyes look straight through me.
'Alcohol wipes? I'm about to stick a catheter bag containing a deadly anthrax variant into the eye of my penis. I'm not too concerned about alcohol wipes right now.'
Ada turns, holding up a small white sachet triumphantly. In her other hand she holds the aforementioned catheter bag, which contains a pale yellow liquid.
'It's all sealed, Evan. But who knows where they got their medical equipment? It's best that we sterilise it.'
Evan, the man's name is Evan.
'Hello, Evan,' I say experimentally.
To my unending lack of surprise, he doesn't look at me. Ada comes over to the bed, tearing open the alcohol wipe with her teeth and swabbing the end of the catheter with it. She sidesteps me to get to Evan, but that is her only concession to acknowledging my existence.
It's hard to know what to think in situations like this because I've never been in a situation like this. My first thought is the most obvious. I'm dreaming. What else can this be, except a dream? I open the door to the hotel room and step out into the hallway, just as Ada kneels down to begin her unpleasant task.
'Shit, shut that door,' cries Evan, and I turn back just in time to see Ada kicking the door closed in my face.
'Oh Christ that's cold!'
The hallway is as stained and disgusting as the room, with a series of nondescript doors lining it on either side. I walk to the far end of the hall, where some light is streaming in from between some shutters, and throw them open. The scene that greets me is at once unexpected and also quite familiar. In the street below, sounds of a foreign language waft up towards me. Cars and motorcycles are jammed into the narrow space, which is flanked by small hole-in-the-wall shops and makeshift food stands. A large throng of people push their way forward, moving slowly, like a river, washing around the vehicles which can move no faster than the flow of pedestrians allows. The odd cow, with crimson horns, meanders its way through the flow, and most of the people give them a wide berth. There is a man on a small wooden cart dragging himself through the crowd with hands wrapped in filthy rags. His legs are missing, and the stumps of his thighs end in small, undeveloped toes. I have been here before. I know exactly where I am. In fact, I have stayed in this very hotel before, in the very room in which Evan and Ada are now performing an unpleasant act. This is Par Ganj, the main bazaar, in New Delhi, India.

I was twenty two when I first came to India. I came with a girl I was dating at the time, a bird-like creature of nineteen who already had the sort of miserable attitude to life that it took me another thirty years to develop. From the moment we stepped off the plane to the moment that I left her in a ashram in Kerala she did very little but complain. I was the opposite. Everything I saw amazed me and Id felt that this was the first moment of my life. Everything before had just been leading up to this experience. My education, and my string of menial jobs in bland office environments had all been leading to this. I would travel for the rest of my life, I believed, although this turned out to be far from correct. I was back in Australia within six months and had my teaching degree three years later. The only other time I left the country was on my honeymoon to Fiji on a package tour, where Mary and I stayed in a resort and tried to avoid being seated at the same table as the loud Americans. This hotel was the first place that I had ever felt any kind of freedom. It felt like the first choice that I had ever made entirely on my own, and I wasn't about to let the whinging of my then-girlfriend take that away from me.
'Ow!' screams Evan from down the hallway, his voice cutting through the sound of the street below, which is quite an achievement.
A door opens just behind me, and a concerned looking Israeli backpacker sticks his head out, glancing up the corridor towards the sound of agonised screaming. He looks at me quizzically. I shrug, and he goes back into his room, bolting the door behind him. The very slight tingling in my hand that I noticed in the bathroom seems to intensify and when I look down I am shocked to see a large scar on my palm, pink and rough. Turning my hand over, I can see that it is on the other side as well, about four centimetres long, as if something has pierced me. Like the scar on my lower back, this is not something that I have normally and I've never seen anything like it before. I can think of nothing I've done to sustain such injuries. I walk back down the corridor and push the door to the room open again. It's not locked, but once inside I shut it behind me and pulled the bolt across. There's something quite enjoyable about this whole situation. It must be a lucid dream, but it feels so real that it's almost like reliving that experience from so long ago; that time when I felt my life was just beginning. Evan is lying on the bed, his head resting on the mattress, as Ada straps the bag to the side of his stomach. He's dripping with sweat.
'There's a bit of blood, nothing to worry about,' Ada says, but Evan just rolls his eyes, looking ready to pass out from the pain.
As much as it feels like reliving the past, I don't actually recall sharing my room with a young couple who appear to be trying to smuggle an anthrax variant inside a catheter bag. I didn't keep a diary of my trip (I believe life is meant to be lived, not documented), but I'm fairly sure I would remember something like this.
'Now I need to piss,' Evan says miserably.
Ada shakes her head.
'You can't. The bag's not functional. It's just the pressure on your urethra that's causing that sensation, you don't really need to.'
'Oh well that's good to know. As long as I only desperately feel like I need to piss and don't actually have to then that's fine.'
Despite recognising Par Ganj instantly, a lot has changed. When I had first come to India there were far fewer tourists and things had a more dangerous feel to them. Now it looks more like a theme park, the beggars and cows being nothing more than novelties for backpackers to gawk at. But of course, this isn't real. Its simply an amalgamation of memories from my past, all brought together because I passed out during my tutorial.

My tutorial! The memory of it comes flooding back to me now. Gabriel's whole body glowing like some terrible angel as she poured judgement down on me. Was that real, or was it just some sort of illusion brought on by lack of oxygen? I need to wake up. If I'm still lying on the floor having a heart attack, or whatever it is I'm having, then surely the longer I stay here the more damage I'll do. Evan sits up and slowly eases his pants up around his hips, being careful not to jiggle the bag too much, but he still winces as his belt catches on it. Ada pats his shoulder sympathetically, but she can't quite conceal a smile on her face, which Evan notices immediately.
'Go on, laugh if you want to. But the next time we do this we're smuggling plutonium out of China using breast implants.'
Ada does laugh, and gives Evan a hug, causing him to wince in pain once again.
'Oh, I'm sorry. I'm not laughing at you, Evan, I'm just laughing near you. About what's happening to you.'
Evan pushes her away, and she laughs again. I like her already. There's something about Evan that instantly annoys me, but I'm not sure what it is. I focus on his face for a while. It could be something to do with the fact that he clearly spends at least half an hour a day doing his hair, or the fact that he wears jeans with a huge silver belt buckle in the middle of the Indian summer. Then I decide that it has nothing to do with the way he looks but more to do with the way he acts. He has a cold arrogance about him. Even when he's lying on his back with his pants around his ankles he radiates a sense of undeserved confidence. Just like I used to at his age.
'Listen. I have to get back. There's a fairly good chance that my brain is being damaged as we speak and if I don't wake up soon then I don't know what will happen. Is there any chance at all that we could speed this up?'
I'm almost certain that Ada looks at me now, but then I see that behind me on a small wooden table there are two passports, and she again steps past me to pick them up.
'We'd better get going, the flight leaves in three hours.'
She hands Evan a blue Australian passport.
'So your name is Joe Finch. You're a European Literature lecturer and you need a catheter because you're waiting for a kidney transplant.'
'Wait, did you say Joe Finch?' I demand, snatching the passport from Evan's unresisting hand.
I look over the passport, and sure enough, there's my name printed right alongside Evan's smug face, which in turn sits right underneath his carefully styled I-just-got-out-of-bed hair. The date of birth is the 23rd of August, 1988, exactly thirty years after my own. That would make Evan twenty two years old.
'There's a section for special medical needs stapled inside listing your condition, so the customs officers shouldn't give us too much trouble.'
I flip through the passport trying to find it, but Evan takes it from my hand. He doesn't snatch it, but just takes it from me as if I'm not even there. As if I hadn't even taken it in the first place. He folds out the piece of paper that lists his false condition and looks it over.
'I have no idea what this is supposed to look like, but it all seems official enough.'
'The only thing that worries me is that we didn't leave the country on the same passport. These have false entry stamps and they assure me it won't be a problem but I'm not so sure.'
I don't have a catheter, and I don't need a kidney transplant, as far as I know. Not yet at least, but who knows what might develop? Could this be a lucid and prescient dream combined? Are those formats even compatible?
'Get going. You're not even real people and as soon as I wake up it won't matter if you get through customs or not. Just get out of here and let me wake up before I lose the ability to catch a ball with my right hand.'
'Let's go,' says Evan, sliding the passport into his pocket and zipping up the suitcase.
He throws the wrapper from the alcohol wipe into the bin underneath the table and with one last glance around the room to make sure they have everything they step into the hallway. I stand watching them leave, but nothing happens.
'Oh wait, better turn out the light,' I hear Ada say from down the hall and she skips back up and reaches her hand in, extinguishing the dim bulb hanging from the ceiling.






3



Joe arrived home at the usual time, despite having taken the rest of the day off at Harry's insistence. Joe in turn insisted that dinner was not cancelled, as Mary had been up quite early preparing a roast and she would be absolutely infuriated if he cancelled dinner over something as minor as a violent seizure. He had only one further lecture that day in any case, and although there were fifty seven people supposed to show up for it, rarely more than twenty actually made it, so Joe hardly felt that its cancellation would send shockwaves through the student body. He had driven his very sensible Volvo at a not very sensible speed, but to his absolute dismay he had not been stopped by the police. This, despite the fact that he spent at least twenty minutes weaving quite erratically at high speeds along major arterial roads. It was an anticlimax not to find himself pulled over, because at least then he would have been forced to try and explain his actions. As it was, he couldn't. He had simply felt the sudden and uncontrollable impulse to do something incredibly dangerous and his middle-aged mind could come up with nothing more serious than violating the speed limit. It was something. It meant he was alive if it meant he could have died. It was better than whatever had happened to him during the tutorial which was too much of an unknown to be life affirming. It was a random neurological spasm, nothing like the simple laws of physics that would kill him when an irresistible Volvo met an immovable object. Mary and Joe's house was a modest two bedroom affair in a suburb of Sydney that had yet to become inundated with cafes, but it was only a matter of time. The front door opened almost immediately onto the kitchen and a staircase led upstairs to the bedroom and the study, although it had been a long time since it was used as a study. Mary looked up, when he entered, from where she was chopping up a pumpkin on the kitchen bench.
'Hi, Joe, how was work?'
Joe considered the question. Work had been a revelation of his own mortality. Work had been a reminder that there are things that the human brain cannot hope to understand. He had discovered that one of his students was a facade of divine light concealing the blackness of his own psyche; a bleak mirror of the void that consumed him from within.
'Fine,' he replied, kissing her lightly on the cheek and placing his briefcase on the kitchen table.
'The beef only has another hour or so, so I'm starting to prepare the vegetables now,' Mary said, explaining what he could clearly see her doing.
It was as if she was hosting a cooking show.
'Uh huh.'
She handed him a jar of mustard, which he took without question.
'Can you open that? I ran it under the tap but it won't budge.'
Joe turned the lid of the mustard and it popped almost instantly. He handed it back to her without even looking at her exaggerated expression of annoyance. The clich of a man opening a jar was simply too banal for him to devote any thought to. His life was a series of clich's of course. Everybody's was, which was why they became clichs in the first place, but that didn't make them any easier to live through. He left the room without saying a word and Mary looked at him oddly, but quickly went back to chopping the pumpkin as he ascended the stairs.
'You'd better get ready. Have a shower and, for God's sake, shave. You skipped it this morning again, didn't you? You look a mess.'
'Uh huh,' Joe replied.

The water pattered against his forehead like fragments of truth trying to burrow into his brain. He stood facing the wall, letting it rain down on him for many minutes, so that the entire bathroom was soon filled with a veil of steam. It felt good to be so disconnected, even if just for a moment. Completely naked and entirely unselfconscious. Eventually, and reluctantly, he switched off the tap and stepped out of the shower. The mirror, which was heated so as to prevent misting, confronted him as he emerged. All of a sudden, the unselfconscious nudity disappeared. His body looked saggy, pale and bloated. He looked like a corpse that had been dragged out of a river. His eyes were sunken and purple bags had formed underneath them. Had they always been there, he wondered? Were they always so pronounced, or had some blood vessel popped in his head during the seizure? Mary was right, he needed to shave so he carefully applied shaving cream to his face and picked up the razor. He always used disposable razors, and rarely changed the blade. There was something cathartic about having to hack away forcefully at his own face to remove the stubble. The advertising promoting the smoothest shave ever had little effect on him. Some parts of life were meant to be rough. As he shaved he considered his options. Harry was coming for dinner and would almost certainly ask him how he was feeling, which would lead Mary to ask why Harry was asking how he was feeling, which in turn would make him feel bad for not telling her what had happened. He contemplated pre-empting it, but Mary was so prone to dramatics in private that he decided against it. Perhaps with Harry present as some kind of buffer, her natural sense of 'not wanting to creating a scene' would soften her reaction. He finished shaving and combed his hair, which was thinning and greying at about the same rate. Once his hair had turned completely white, there would be none of it left. He kept it cut quite short, refusing to cling to hope by attempting to comb it over. It must have seemed natural to those men who did it at first, and the change was probably so gradual that they never knew when to admit defeat but Joe liked to think that he was not so vain. He dressed in a suit and tie, which felt somewhat ridiculous considering it was only Harry coming over, and the suit and tie he changed into were only marginally different from the suit and tie he had been wearing at work that day anyway. Harry was not even bringing a date, unless he met one at the bottle shop whilst selecting a bottle of wine, something that had in fact happened before. He tucked in his shirt and gave himself the once over in the mirror before descending the stairs.
'What took you so long? He'll be here any minute. He's not bringing anybody, you said? Are you sure? I've made enough anyway. You can always take it...'
Mary trailed off as Joe entered the kitchen, her eyes wide with astonishment. Her look that quickly gave way to annoyance.
'Very funny, Joe. Get upstairs and fix it right now. It's almost seven thirty.'
Joe looked down at his suit and shrugged, running the tie through his fingers.
'What? Is the tie too loud?'
None of Joe's ties could be described as loud. They were largely unpatterned and he chose them to match the colour of his shirt. Joe's ties whispered, if anything. Mary fussed over to him and rubbed her hand across the left side of his face, an action that produced a gentle rasping sound.
'What is this? And this?' she said, flicking the left side of his shirt, which was not tucked into his trousers.
She looked down and shook her head when she saw that his left shoe and sock were missing as well.
'It's not funny, Joe. We have company coming in less than ten minutes, I've been preparing this meal all day and all you can do is play your stupid little games.
Joe was perplexed, and he went over to the mirror in the hallway to examine his reflection again.
'What? What's the problem? It's just Harry. I'm not going to wear a tuxedo.'
Mary appeared in the reflection behind him and pointed at the design flaws in his appearance.
'You've only shaved the right side of your face. You're missing a shoe, you've tucked in only one side of your shirt. What's wrong with you?'
Joe was suddenly struck by his appearance. It all came into focus so quickly that he almost took a step backwards. Mary was right. He had neglected the entire left side of his body in getting ready. He hadn't even noticed.
'I don't know... I must have forgotten.'
'Forgotten? You forgot to shave half of your face? Really, Joe, I'm not in the mood. Would you please just go upstairs and fix it.'
Joe's vision drifted to the reflection of the kitchen in the hall mirror. On the table was a wicker basket, filled with dried pinecones. It had always been there as far as Joe could remember, but for the life of him he couldn't remember why. The curtains were a red and white checked pattern, yet another clich to add to his home life, and on the wall was a framed watercolour of a duck in a raincoat walking down an English country lane carrying some bags of shopping.
'What is that?'
'What's what?' Mary said, trying to follow his gaze.
'It makes no sense. It's an aquatic bird. It spends most of its time in the water...'
Mary let out a little screech of frustration and threw up her arms before going back to check on the meat in the oven. Joe couldn't tear himself away from the duck, with its odd smile and its little yellow hat. It was even wearing tiny orange gumboots, but it was the eyes that held his focus. It was the eyes that held the mystery and it was the eyes that told him nothing.
'Why would a duck wear a raincoat?' whispered Joe to himself, in a voice riddled with profound confusion.

Harry arrived at precisely seven thirty, which was no surprise. Joe had once found him standing just outside the front gate looking at his watch, five minutes before he was due to arrive. It had amused and irritated  him in equal measure. Harry kissed Mary on the cheek and handed her a bottle of wine, a fairly good mid-priced chardonnay. It was at precisely that moment that Joe was struck by the very sure and certain knowledge that Harry was having an affair with his wife. He had never noticed it before, but there was something about the casual manner of the kiss that told him instantly that there was something going on. He decided to keep it to himself for the time being, but he had never been so certain of anything in his entire life.
'Harry, it's good to see you,' Mary said.
'You too, Mary. Say, something smells good.'
Mary blushed, and Joe felt his hands clench into tight little fists. Harry offered Joe his hand, but he shook it without enthusiasm.
'Shall we go through?' Mary suggested, taking the bottle of wine into the kitchen and fumbling around in the drawer for a bottle opener.
Harry leant in conspiratorially towards Joe and took his forearm.
'Are you feeling better?'
'I'm feeling fantastic. Never been better.'
Harry seemed convinced, or at least decided not to push any further and, smiling, he followed Mary into the kitchen. She handed him a glass of wine and took one herself.
'A toast,' she said, 'to old friends.'
Joe picked up the glass Mary had poured and clinked the glasses of his wife and her lover, before downing the whole glass in one go. Both of them stared at him as he refilled his glass from the bottle and went through into the living room.
'Dinner's nearly ready. We eat in ten minutes,' Mary said, as she sat down on the lounge, glancing sideways at Joe as she did so.
Harry nodded agreeably.
'So Joe, do you think you'll be coming in to work tomorrow?'
'Why wouldn't he?' Mary said.
'Oh, Joe didn't tell you?'
Joe raised his glass to Harry and smiled.
'I was saving the honour for you.'
'Tell me what? What's going on?'
'It's just that there was an incident at work today. Nothing serious, I'm sure, but I just thought that Joe might take a few days off.'
'An incident?'
Harry was floundering, and he looked at Joe to give him some kind of reassurance, but there was none to be had. Harry turned back to Mary and shrugged.
'Joe fainted during a tutorial today.'
'Fainted?' echoed Mary.
'Well let's not beat around the bush. I had a seizure. Some kind of neurological episode.'
'I can't believe you didn't tell your wife about this, Joe.'
'It didn't seem important.'
'Not important? How can you say that...' Mary trailed off for a second. 'Is that why you only shaved half of your face? Oh my God, Joe, what if it was a stroke or something?'
Joe had already finished his second glass of wine and was standing up to go and get another, but Mary took the glass forcefully out of his hand and placed it on the table.
'You're not a young man any more. You can't just ignore things like this and hope for the best.'
'I'm only fifty two, Mary.'
'You still have to think about your health. First thing tomorrow I'm taking you to the hospital for a check-up. This could be something serious. And no more wine for you tonight.'
Joe shrugged and left his glass where she had put it. He went back to the kitchen and could hear Harry apologising in hushed tones to his wife in the other room, but he tried not to pay an attention to it. The duck stared at him from the wall opposite accusingly. Joe stared straight back at it, just daring it to speak. After losing the staring contest something on the kitchen table caught his eye. It was a little folded piece of white paper, peeking out from underneath the basket of pinecones. He stepped across and pulled it loose, turning it over in his hands, almost afraid to open it. When he finally got the courage to do so, there was a short note, written in the same handwriting as all the others, in thick black marker. It was not a cryptic message, as the others had all been. This one was far more direct.
TRY AND REMEMBER YOUR CHILDHOOD
Joe flipped the note over to see if there was anything written on the other side, but of course there was not. He found that, despite himself, he did as the note asked. He tried to remember his childhood. His parents and his upbringing, the first house he had lived in, the first pet he had owned, who his friends were at school. He could remember it all, but it didn't feel particularly real to him. It felt like he was simply regurgitating a list of facts and figures that he had memorised. He couldn't actually remember the places and events, although he could recount them to himself in great detail. Somehow though, he felt completely disconnected from all of them.
'Mary, what is this?' he demanded suddenly, and he heard the whispering from the next room stop abruptly.
'What?'
'Wait a second. I need to check something.'
Joe slid the note into his pocket and took the pad of paper from next to the telephone. It was ostensibly to write messages from callers, but it rarely got used for that as Mary frequently took the pen to write her shopping list and didnt return it. Today, by some stroke of luck it was there. A thick black pen, much as the new note and all the previous ones had been written in.
'What are you doing, Joe?' Mary asked, entering the room looking flushed.
He handed her the pad and the pen.
'I need you to write something for me.'
'What do you want me to write?'
'Write the words, try and remember your childhood.'
'Why would I write that?'
'Just write the words!'
Harry came into the room cautiously.
'Hey, calm down, Joe. There's no reason to get upset.'
'You're wrong. There are thousands of reasons to get upset. Every single day there are thousands of things that happen that people should get upset about and every single day people passively sit back and say to themselves that there's no reason to get upset. There's no reason not to. Please. Just write the words, Mary.'
She reluctantly began to write the words and then handed him the pad. He took it, and checked it against the note in his pocket. The writing was not the same. It was not even close. Mary had girlish writing, all loops and curls, nothing like the authoritative handwriting of the note. Joe, satisfied that she was not the author, smiled broadly and put the pad and the note back in his pocket.
'Thank you. Well is anyone else hungry? Let's eat!'

Dinner began as a sombre affair but after Joe had apologised for his odd behaviour, using the usual excuses about it having been a long day and being tired, things picked up. He even agreed to go with Mary to the hospital in the morning, which seemed to calm her down. Within twenty minutes or so the incident was, if not forgotten, then repressed enough that normal banality could be resumed.
'Anyone for dessert?' Mary said, proudly carrying in a homemade cheesecake on a glass platter.
'It looks wonderful,' Harry said, and offered up his plate as she cut a slice.
She cut Joe a slice without even waiting for his approval, and he didn't object. It was fine to fume over Mary and Harry's infidelity, but that was no reason to deny himself homemade cheesecake. It was something that only ever materialised when they had company and Mary sat back in her chair contentedly. Feeding people was a sort of opiate for her.
'Are you not having any?' Harry asked.
'Oh I'm trying to watch my weight. I've put on a bit recently.'
'Oh nonsense! You look fantastic and you can't slave all day and make something this spectacular and not even try any.'
Mary, happy that her fishing for compliments had landed such a whopper, picked up the knife and cut a thin slice.
'Oh, I suppose just a little bit. After all, it's not going to kill me, is it?'
Joe snorted at the comment.
'No it's not going to kill you, Mary. It's a cake. You're thinking of hired assassins.'
Mary scowled, but Harry was unable to suppress a smile. Joe smiled back, but then he remembered that Harry was sleeping with his wife and it was gone again. After an awkward pause, which didn't make Joe feel awkward in the slightest, Mary felt the urge to keep the conversation going, at whatever cost. The best she could come up with was,
'I like your suit, Harry.'
'Thank you. I decided to treat myself. It cost me a pretty penny I can tell you, but I think it was worth it. You know what they say, clothes maketh the man.'
'Common misapprehension, Harry. It is in fact men who maketh the clothes or, in the case of certain designer labels, children in third world countries,' Joe argued.
'Droll. Very droll. This suit was actually made by an elderly Italian man, so I wear it with a clear conscience.'
Joe, who had been refused a further glass of wine, took a sip on his lemon and soda. It was certainly a nice suit, and he knew exactly why Harry had bought it. In the type of establishment that Harry frequented, namely cover-charge meat-market nightclubs, everything was about perception. Although Harry was several years younger than Joe, he was still past his prime as far as the singles scene went. It was therefore important to make the vacuous young women believe that he was interesting and sophisticated, and not an ageing literature professor who preyed on young women with a Daddy complex. The suit did that far better than any amount of normal human interaction ever could. Joe was just about to say as much but Mary spoke first.
'Well I'm just saying that you look very nice. So you should. The Board of Education made you the Faculty Head, after all.'
Joe was always amazed at the way Mary managed to compliment one person whilst demeaning another. It was a very difficult skill for most people, but she did it with a practised ease. Harry looked uncomfortable.
'That's not strictly...'
'Do you know how we selected who would be the Faculty Head, Mary? It wasn't a board decision. It was a homonym. It was a bored decision. They told us to choose which of us they should write down on the forms for the Board of Education and we flipped a coin. A coin! It's a position in name only, with no pay benefits and slightly more administrative headaches. I was glad I chose tails.'
'No one's saying otherwise, Joe.'
'She is! She's saying that I'm an impotent hate-filled failure!'
For the briefest of moments it wasn't Mary sitting opposite him, it was a glowing Gabriel Armaita, her hair radiating from her head like serpents, but the illusion disappeared almost as quickly as it appeared.
'I'm not suggesting anything of the sort,' protested Mary. 'And if you think otherwise then it's in your head.'
Joe nodded.
'It is in my head. There's something in my head. We all know it. We're all sitting here talking about cheesecake and suits and all the while there's something in my head. With any luck it will kill me and you two won't have to sneak around any more.'
Mary and Harry both looked at each other with a mixture of horror and disbelief. His-belief.
'Joe, I'm going to go home now. I knew I shouldn't have come. You're not well, and I know you're scared, but just wait and see what the test results show. It may be nothing. Maybe a dietary problem or something. Perhaps you've been working too hard.'
'We both know that there's no chance of that at Finchwood,'
Harry grinned.
'Right!'
He was only humouring the crazy man who'd just made a joke. His eyes told the real story. Don't make any sudden movements and never, EVER, get out of your vehicle. Harry's vehicle of choice was an over-confident misogynist in a tailor-made suit and he wasn't budging. He'd locked the doors. Harry had stood up now, and he went to kiss Mary again but, seeing Joe's expression, he thought better of it.
'Well, goodnight, Mary. Thank you for a lovely meal.'
'Thanks, Harry.'
'And don't worry, Joe can take as much time as he needs. I'm sure it'll be fine.'
Harry patted Joe on the shoulder as he left the room, in that rough heterosexual way. Joe nodded a polite farewell, but he didn't get up, so it was up to Mary to see him out. As soon as the door was closed behind him, Mary stormed back into the room.
'How dare you!' she snapped.
Joe looked at her passively.
'How dare you!' she repeated.
'I'm going to bed.'
'Not in our bed you're not. Not after what you insinuated. I've never been so embarrassed in my entire life!'
'You wet yourself on stage in front of the whole school when you were twelve years old...'
Mary looked about to speak but then bit her tongue.
'We're going to the hospital in the morning, but tonight, you're sleeping in the spare room.'
She left the room with sound and fury signifying nothing, and Joe lay down heavily on the lounge, not even bothering to take off his coat.






4



'Yeah well the problem is, they're deregulating the whole industry,' says the surly-looking taxi driver leaning against the open door of my car.
'Tell me about it,' I reply, without really knowing why.
'It just means longer hours for us, and a smaller pay packet at the end of the week as we struggle to keep up. I'm thinking of getting out of the game all together,' he continues.
I look up at the departures gate, where my taxi is sitting idle. I'm finally at the front of the queue, after a wait of about twenty minutes.
'Oh here we go, you've got one,' says the surly man, and he waddles back towards his own taxi as Evan and Ada emerge from the sliding doors of the airport, Evan walking with a distinct limp.
I get to my feet, glad that something has finally happened, and go over to help them with their bags. Ada smiles briefly at me as she passes me the handle of her suitcase-on-wheels, and I take it, thinking to myself what an utterly ridiculous choice of luggage it is to take to India.
'I cannot wait to get home and pull this tube out of my cock,' Evan announces loudly, as I heave the bags into the boot of the taxi.
If either one of them recognises me then they don't show it. Perhaps for the time being, I really am just a taxi driver who dreamt he was a lecturer. I get in the front and turn around as they seat themselves in the back seat. Putting my elbow on the headrest I say the words,
'Where to?'
Ada gives me the address and I try to hide my surprise. It's my address, not far from the Finchwood Academy. I guess I shouldn't really be too surprised. After all, my dream is just taking things that I already know and compiling them, but I am a little disappointed in my lack of imagination in coming up with something original. Am I really so dull that my subconscious can't even come up with a fake address? I pull out, narrowly missing a limousine and Evan bashes the back of my chair.
'Hey, watch it, would you?' he says.
I scowl at him in the rear vision mirror, but he's far too distracted by his discomfort to notice me. He's squirming in his chair.
'Sit still,' whispers Ada.
'Oh God, I think it's bleeding again,' Evan says. 'I'm taking it out now.'
The noise that follows, whilst not particularly disturbing in isolation, makes me wince and forms several quite horrible graphic images in my mind.
'It is bleeding!'

I drive them home in silence but I am particularly aware of the scar on the back of my left hand as it rests on the wheel in front of me. I can't stop staring at it, and it somehow seems like it is staring back at me out of its narrow slit. We have a pretty clear run the whole way, and I don't need to ask directions, as I'm driving them to my own address. The closer we get, the more I realise that there's something wrong. Although the layout of the streets is exactly the same, things just don't look quite right. I can navigate, but we pass buildings I've never seen before, and there are new shops and alleyways that I don't recognise. I've lived in the same area for seven years, so I know it pretty well. When we finally arrive at the street it looks completely different. The street that Mary and I live on is a pleasant, leafy, suburban street filled with federation style bungalows and newer brick houses and at least fifteen minutes walk from the nearest shop. The street that were on now has a trendy cafe on the corner and is filled with apartment blocks, all with security gates and chrome numbers marking the entrances to their underground car parks. It's my street, but it isn't. I pull up outside one of the apartments and check the number on the front. This is my address, definitely, but it certainly isn't my house. Evan has already gotten out of the car by the time I turn around, and Ada is waving a fifty dollar note at me.
'Keep the change,' she says, and I don't bother to tell her that the meter is reading sixty two fifty.
I get out of the car as Evan takes the bags from the boot and Ada goes ahead to open the door to the apartment. I followed her up the stairs to the first floor, where she struggles with the key in the lock. It seems a little stiff and she screams with frustration as she jiggles the key. The noise shocks me and I take a step back, but Ada is as unaware of my presence as she had been in the Indian hotel room. When she finally gets the door open she rushes in and I sneak in after her. She then leans up against the wall just inside the door and slides slowly down it. She begins to sob. I stand there watching her, uncertain of how to react, or indeed if my reaction would even register. Men have a great variety of responses to a woman in distress. Some of them will simply leave the room, hoping that she'll eventually recover and wondering if it would be insensitive to turn on the television while he waits out the storm. Some men will do the opposite, falling all over themselves to reassure and soothe her, even going so far as to apologise for things that are completely out of their control. Some men try and be reasonable, and point out how illogical it is to be crying and then systematically list the more productive solutions to the problem. Personally, although I always intend to be sympathetic and nurturing, I frequently find myself frustrated and dismissive. The door opens then, and Evan enters, fumbling with both of the bags, which he throws to the floor unceremoniously.
'Thanks for the help...' he pauses when Ada looks up at him with red-rimmed eyes. 'Are you crying? What, are you having your period or something?'
Evan, apparently, has even less tact than I would have in this situation. Ada smacks his leg angrily, and forces herself to her feet.
'I'm not crying,' she says, despite it being perfectly apparent that she is.
'You don't say a word the whole ride home and now you're crying? What's going on with you?'
'I'm just... I hate doing that. All those questions. It's so nerve racking. I'm not cut out for this sort of thing. A month ago I was perfectly happy. I had my new job, we were really getting started, and now this?'
Evan sighs and puts an arm gently around her, pulling her towards him.
'I know what you mean. That short one with the moustache, he was absolutely gagging to do a full cavity search on me. I could tell. The other two practically had to hold him back.'
'I don't know, Evan, are we doing the right thing? Why are we even doing this?'
'I don't know.'
'Then why do we keep doing it?'
'I don't know. I honestly don't know.'
'So, you two are international smugglers?' I say conversationally.
Ada squeezes Evan tighter, but he pushes her away.
'What is it?'
'I have a plastic bag filled with anthrax variant strapped to me. I'd rather you didn't squeeze me right now.'
Despite herself, Ada laughs through her tears. She kneels down and gently removes Evan's trousers and begins un-taping the bag from him. I take the opportunity to explore their apartment. The basic layout of it is much the same as my own home, except that it doesn't have an upstairs. The kitchen is right near the entrance, and through that there is a small dining room. It has a horrible carpet and matching wall paper, the kind which can only be found in a rental apartment. Nobody would choose such dcor for their own home. It was clearly the cheapest stuff available, bought in bulk and used to outfit every rental property between 1970 and 1989. I go into the kitchen and am slightly alarmed to see a picture on the wall, just above the breakfast table. It's a frog, sitting on a riverbank with a fishing rod.
'Why would a frog need a fishing rod? They don't even eat fish...' I murmur to nobody in particular.
The bedroom is the most startling part of the apartment. Despite the slight differences elsewhere, the bedroom is almost an exactly replica of the one I share with Mary. It has the same bed, the same side tables, and the same oversized wardrobe in the corner opposite the window, with a gilt-frame mirror attached to the left door. The bed is unmade, unlike the bed in my house which is made by Mary within two seconds of me leaving it. Even if I just get up to go to the bathroom and then get back into it to sleep for another three hours I invariably return to hospital corners and four pillows more than two people could possibly need to sleep on.

When I emerge back into the living room, they have moved from the doorway to the lounge chair. Evan looks far more comfortable than he did before, and Ada has stopped crying and washed her face in the sink. There is a very definite sense of unease in the air still, and I don't know exactly where it's coming from.
'Do we have to do it now? I thought he said the morning of the thirty first,' Ada says.
'I just got a message from Gavrilo. Apparently they want it now. I better go over. These are not the kind of people that I want to keep waiting.'
Ada looks at the ceiling, focusing on a particularly interesting stain up there.
'Do you... do you want me to go with you?'
'Do you want to go with me?'
Ada shakes her head.
'Then stay. I'd rather keep you as far away from them as possible. Especially that daughter of his. Out of the three of them, she scares me the most.'
'Lucy.'
'Whatever her name is. She's not right. I guess it makes sense, growing up in an environment like that. Do you have the address written down somewhere?'
Ada gets to her feet and goes into the kitchen. She fumbles around for a moment on the untidy table and then comes back brandishing a small piece of white paper. There is writing on it in thick black pen.
'Let me see that!' I say, rushing over and tearing the paper from her hand.
YOU MADE YOUR BED, IT LIES IN YOU
The message is written the same handwriting as all of the others, and I wave it in front of Ada's unseeing eyes.
'Did you write this? Is this your handwriting?'
Ada takes the note from me as I thrust it into her face and hands it to Evan.
'Here it is. I knew it was in there somewhere.'
Evan takes it cautiously, as if its some kind of dangerous animal, and slides it into his pocket.
'Who wrote that note? What does it mean?' I say, shaking Ada roughly by her shoulders.
She moves easily, but seems completely unconcerned at being manhandled. It's starting to annoy me, being invisible. There's a sense that nothing I do means anything at all here, and yet the whole world, and both of these people seem so much more real than just a simple dream. I decide that it's about time I do some experimenting. I go into the kitchen and take a knife from the drawer, It's a large, brown handled knife, exactly the same as the one that Mary keeps in the drawer at home. When I come back into the living room brandishing it I let out a blood curdling scream, to which Evan scratches his jaw and sighs.
'I guess I'd better go then.'
He stands up and walks towards the door, placing the catheter bag into his pocket as he does, but I rush ahead of him and stand between him and the doorway, pointing the knife dangerously at his chest. He pauses, not out of fear, but with an expression on his face as if he has forgotten something. He turns back to Ada, who is looking at him expectantly but entirely refusing to see the knife-wielding maniac blocking the doorway. I howl in frustration and throw the knife to the floor. I certainly have no intention of using it; I'm far too much of a coward for that. Sighing, I step out of Evan's way and he shakes his head.
'Never mind, it's probably nothing,' he says.
He goes out into the hallway and begins to take the steps two at a time to the ground floor and when I turn back to see Ada's reaction she has already wandered off to the bathroom. This unfortunately leaves me with some time for introspection, which is probably one of my least favourite things. Introspection is perhaps the most dangerous of all human pursuits because it leads to the truth, which is frequently a subjective thing anyway. Introspection whilst having a lucid dream? Well that can only be worse, surely. Dreams are by their nature introspective. Despite knowing this, I sit down heavily on the lounge, which makes me wince as the scar on my back connects. I ignore it, along with all the other nonsensical things that have happened, and think about what the note said. You made your bed, it lies in you. Did I invent the content of the note because I had just seen an unmade bed, or did I see an unmade bed because it means something greater? There was a certain familiarity with Evan's reaction to Ada's distress that I didn't like. It reminded me of something that had happened twenty five years earlier, and the fact that I can remember anything that  happened twenty five years ago obviously means that it has some significance. It was just after Mary had discovered that she was incapable of bearing children. Back in those days, a woman in that condition was referred to as barren, but the term has fallen out of favour because it made women sound like some sort of un-farmable desert region in northern Africa. It was dehumanising. Nevertheless, Mary was barren, and upon hearing the news she had fallen into a severe depression for several months. At first I had done everything I was supposed to. I had sat by her side as she sobbed, patting her gently on the shoulder and saying things like 'there, there' and 'it'll be all right, you'll see'. That was fine at first. Totally unproductive of course, but there was little more to be said. Mary had desperately wanted a child. Mary had wanted a child so badly, in fact, that in the first years of our marriage it had frightened me. When she found out she couldnt it frightened me even more. I had fantasies of leaving her. Of just heading off to work one day and never coming back. I would drive my car across the country, all the way to Perth and set up a new life as a bar owner or something equally stupid. I began to dread coming home and finding all of the curtains drawn with Mary sitting on the lounge in the exact position I had left her. For the first few weeks I even had to feed her, she was so unable to care for herself. The doctors told me this was a common reaction, and that a lot of women blamed themselves for the condition, or considered it some kind of punishment for actions in their past. None of this changed the fact that I would eventually return home, usually after making any excuses I could for working late, and spend the next few hours holding her and whispering that everything would be okay. It was not something I even believed myself. She didn't seem to be making any kind of improvement, and I wasn't sure at all that things would be okay. Eventually, five months in, I snapped. I came home one day, with every intention of carrying on with my concerned husband routine, but instead I found myself tearing open the blinds and screaming at her.
'Get over it! You're not the first woman in the world to find this out, you know! There are people dying every day and all you can think about is yourself and your own selfish problems. What about me? Do you think I'm enjoying myself? Do you think I wouldn't like to curl up into a little ball and cry myself to sleep while somebody else did all the work? But I can't, Mary. One of us has to be the strong one, right? It has to be me because you're just too weak to face up to the fact that not everything in this world is perfect. I'm sick of it! I'm sick of it and I'm sick of you and all this bullshit.'
That was what I said. Verbatim. I'm not proud of it, and I can barely picture myself getting to a stage where I could say those things to somebody that I loved, but I did it. When the horrible silence descended over the room after I finally stopped ranting I had expected recriminations from her. Some kind of defence. I expected her to scream at me and tell me that I was a bastard and that she was leaving me. I had wanted her to. It would have been far better than what she actually did. What she actually did was stand up and straighten her clothes. She looked me straight in the eye, not a tear in sight.
'You're right,' she said, and walked out of the room.
From that day on, she never spoke of it again, and I certainly wasn't suicidal enough to bring it up, but I knew that it couldn't be healthy. I also realise now, sitting on the lounge in a dream version of my house, something far more horrible. From that day on, any time that Mary had cried about something, I hadn't felt any sympathy for her. All I felt was contempt.

See? I told you introspection was a bad idea...






5



Joe Finch had never considered himself to be a particularly brave man. He had had the usual adolescent fantasies about leaping to the rescue in invented situations as he rode the bus to school, usually ending with one or several of his female classmates falling into his arms with gratitude. They were ridiculous, but he had always felt that if anything bad did actually occurred in real life then he would be able to handle it. He'd assumed that the kind of thing that hundreds of people went through every day, no matter how scary, would be something he could take in his stride with a minimum of fuss. Standing in a backless hospital gown with a gentle breeze kissing his sagging buttocks, and staring at the bulky apparatus of the MRI machine, he wasn't so sure. The truth be told, he was absolutely terrified.
'Lie down, Mr Finch, and please try and relax. The more you move, the longer it takes, so try and keep perfectly still,' said the business-like and startlingly young technician.
Mary had chosen to wait in the hallway, something that was both good and bad as far as Joe was concerned. It was good because the last thing he wanted was for her to see him trembling with fear, and bad because when he was trembling with fear, he could really use a hug. Instead he just lay down on the platform and tried not to hyperventilate. This was easier said than done. The machine had a low, barely audible hum to it that suggested something very ominous was occurring. As he slid inside the tube, Joe closed his eyes and put himself somewhere else. He was standing at the window in India, as a young man, staring out at a world of possibility. Later in that trip he had swum on a beach in Gokarna, at two in the morning in the middle of an electrical storm. There was nobody else in sight, and it was just him, standing one hundred metres off the shore. He was waist deep in lukewarm water, as the cold rain poured down upon him, splitting the surface of the ocean into a million little stars of shimmering light. The lightning flashed all around, and Joe could feel the absolute fury of nature but it didn't scare him. It invigorated him. It was the most beautiful and perfect moment of his entire life. He was suddenly jolted back to reality by a strange warm feeling around his abdomen. At first he didn't know what it was, but then a horrible smell wafted up to him and he realised. He had shit himself.
'Please try and hold still, Mr Finch,' said the young technician as Joe began to squirm in the horror of what he had created.
With a superhuman effort, he managed to do as he was told. He was too embarrassed to tell the young man what had happened and besides, he would find out soon enough. He was a fifty two year old man and he was lying in a puddle of his own shit, waiting to be told if he was about to die. It was the antithesis of that moment in the ocean. Joe was in hell.

Mary Finch hated doctors. Every time she had occasion to talk to one they gave her nothing but bad news, which made sense, but nevertheless she hated them with a passion. She even knew that in terms of cause and effect it made no sense to hate them. The doctors gave her bad news because there was something wrong. They were the effect of the medical problem, not the cause of it, but logic didn't really come into things like hatred. The doctor seated in front of her at the moment was particular hateable. He had a carefully manicured goatee, and yet for some reason he had allowed his nostril hair to run rampant. It crawled from the sides of his bulbous nose and was beginning to spread its root system across his craggy face, like an old building covered with ivy. His hair was greying at the temples, and probably consciously left that way to give his words more authority than they would otherwise have coming from a doctor with a more youthful head of hair, and for that Mary hated him as well. He even had a stethoscope around his neck, as if it was such an invaluable aid for an oncologist that he needed to have one close at hand in case he had to make a quick diagnosis on his way to lunch. The main reason Mary hated him was because he was an oncologist, and that meant that the problem with Joe started with the letter c and ended with the letter r and wasn't in reference to an astrological symbol.
'Have you noticed any odd behaviour in your husband recently?' said the doctor, whose name was Pontius.
'Define odd.'
'Well, anything that breaks from his usual routine. Over-reaction, delusions, vagueness, paranoia, excessive cynicism.'
'You just described his usual routine.'
Pontius laughed in such a way as to suggest that he didn't find Mary's comment in the slightest bit amusing but he was prepared to overlook it for the time being.
'Yes of course, but all joking aside.'
'Last night was the first sign I saw that anything was wrong.'
'And what happened last night?'
Mary sighed. Reliving last night wasn't something she particular wanted to do.
'He... he only shaved half of his face. Only dressed himself on one side as well.'
Doctor Pontius gave a little murmur of approval.
'And he made me write something down on a piece of paper for him. He was really quite insistent about it.'
'What did he make you write?'
'It said, try and remember your childhood.'
'The Doctor made another approving noise.
'Yes, yes, this is very good. Anything else?'
'I don't see what's so good about it...'
Doctor Pontius coughed abruptly.
'Well, good from a diagnostic point of view. These are all symptomatic of a stroke. The shaving of the one side of the face is interesting, yes? This suggests hemisphere separation, although I doubt it is irreparable as it does not appear to be a consistent problem. In those cases, the patient will ignore the affected side completely and the nurse I noticed was standing to his left and being acknowledged. Just a blip I would say. The childhood is a matter for a psychiatrist. They love the childhood and they love the sex. They are like children at Christmas with sexual dysfunction.'
Mary decided that her initial estimate of Doctor Pontius was actually a little too kind, and she radiated her hate a little more intensely. If Pontius noticed it, he didn't give any outward sign of it bothering him. As far as he was concerned she was nothing more than a medical chart, giving him the pieces of the puzzle.
'Is there anything else, Mrs Finch?'
'Well... He did suggest... he insinuated that he thought that I was having an affair with a work colleague of his.'
'Ah! And are you?'
'Of course not!' replied Mary haughtily, angry at the suggestion all the more so because it came from this little manicured-beard man with his ivy nostril hair who answered his own questions.
'No, no, of course not. But this is the paranoia then, and the sex for the psychiatrist to talk about. I'd say it is likely that your husband has suffered a minor stroke, but we shall have to wait for the results of the MRI to confirm perhaps the cause of it.'
'Well what are the likely causes?'
Pontius waggled his finger like a parent who's just found their child spoiling its appetite.
'Ah no, Mrs Finch. I have worked here too long to speculate on such things without the proper information. The legal problems in modern medicine are labyrinthine, you see, and the patient is the minotaur, yes?'

'I shit myself, Mary.'
Mary looked at him, her head tilted to the side, and tried to smile. Joe was sitting in a hospital bed propped up on his pillow and looking about as miserable as she had ever seen him. After more than twenty five years of marriage, she had seen the man looking pretty miserable before.
'I never thought I would say those words again. I shit myself. When I was a very young child it was fairly common, and once or twice in university if I went out with the engineers on a pub crawl, but not now. The nurse actually said to me, let's get you cleaned up shall we? Like I'm some senile old man in a nursing home. I don't even know if it was because I was scared or too relaxed. I guess it doesn't matter when the end result is shit...'
'Joe,' interrupted Mary, when she realised that his monologue was probably going to go on for several minutes unless he was distracted. 'I just spoke to the oncologist.'
Joe stopped, his mouth still open and formed in the shape of the word shit. He left it there, feeling that the word was still appropriate to the situation.
'What did he say? Cancer?'
'He didn't... he said that you had had a minor stroke...'
'Oh, that's good.'
'But that they won't know the cause of it until the results of the MRI.'
'So I could be looking at a stroke and cancer?'
Mary closed her eyes, wishing that he would stop saying the word cancer. Joe, unaware of this fact because he was too caught up in the idea that he might have cancer, said.
'Cancer?'
'Joe...'
'Cancer?'
'JOE, PLEASE!'
Joe looked at her, his face a blank. It had no expression whatsoever. It was as if every single muscle in it had gone completely limp. For a second Mary was worried it was as a result of his stroke, but suddenly Joe's face became animated again.
'It can't be a stroke. I'm too young for a stroke. And I'm too old to shit myself. I'm dead in the middle of the two ages when either of those things should occur. How can they both have happened to me in the space of two days?'
Doctor Pontius entered the room then, walking quite quickly and clutching in his arms a yellow envelope.
'I have here some results. It's as I suspected,' he said rather proudly, and the barely contained delight in his voice gave Joe hope.
'You have a brain tumour, Mr Finch. Quite a big one.'
His hope was beaten into a million little pieces by quite a big tumour.
'Quite a big one?'
'Well, moderately large. In comparison to the total volume of your brain, then yes, quite large. Look here,' said Pontius, pulling out some displays from the envelope and holding them up to the light near the window so that Joe and Mary could see them.
'Here is your brain, the medulla oblongata, the right and left hemisphere, all right where it should be. But here you see this grey spot here?'
He pointed to a rather large grey area of the scan.
'This is not supposed to be here. This grey spot is a tumour. You can see the colour of the tissue surrounding it, thats healthy tissue, and that grey blob is the tumour. It's located inside your right temporal lobe, just above your ear but its very deep inside, and totally surrounded by healthy tissue. Thats what makes it so hard to operate, but ultimately, that is what we will probably have to do. I would like your permission first to try the other methods, perhaps to delay the necessity of making a decision right away.'
Joe felt Mary's arm tighten on his. He squeezed her hand back and the two of them listened intently whilst simultaneously fantasising about taking to Pontius's head with a shovel. Pontius shrugged and put the scans back into the envelope.
'My permission? I have a choice in the matter?'
'Well, you can refuse treatment if you wish, but I would strongly advise against it, no?'
'But you're saying that these treatments probably won't even work?'
'Not at all. I am saying that they will have a limited effect, but if we are to,' he coughed, 'ahem, cure you completely then surgery would be the only option.'
Joe noticed the placement of the cough and the significance of it. The word cure did not in this case have the positive connotations that normally went with it. In this case Joe could very well find himself cured and some kind of lobotomised vegetable. Or mentally alert, but in a wheelchair. Was that better than dying? Ask anybody in a wheelchair and they would of course say that it most certainly was. Life could still be lived in a fulfilling and rewarding way. The handicap of wheelchair in some cases could probably lead people to excel and drive themselves even harder. Joe thought about his own situation. He didn't find life fulfilling or rewarding as it was. To take away his mobility was horrifying. He was a natural pessimist in the best of circumstances. In fact, as far as the glass half empty, glass half full question went, Joe's innate response would be to suggest that neither was the correct response. The glass was empty, on a fundamental, philosophical level, and no amount of filling it could bring any happiness, therefore it would always be empty. Joe briefly wondered if he had always felt so bleakly about the world.
'Perhaps it's the stroke...' he murmured to himself, but Pontius took it as a question.
'It's almost certainly the cause of your stroke. It's malignant, obviously. Its actually quite impressive. From the swelling pattern...'
Pontius continued on excitedly about the tumour's impressive attributes as if it were a precocious child, whilst Joe exhaled, somewhat grateful that his hatred of Pontius was momentarily distracting him from the huge mass of grey death that was eating his brain.
'So what are my options?'
Pontius cocked his head to the side like a bird about to vomit into its baby's mouth.
'There is chemotherapy, but it is limited in effect in brain tumours, and the side effects are often unbearable.  There are certain drugs that may be able to prevent further growth, which is what I wish to start you on immediately while we explore alternatives. The surgery is dangerous. There is much healthy tissue to cut through. You may lose some motor function, or perhaps find your personality altered. There is also the risk of, well that you may not survive the surgery at all. The percentage risk is high, yes?'
'So my options are unbearable side effects and death, or paralysis and death, or just plain old death?'
Mary was still squeezing his arm, quite tightly, but he barely felt her anymore. He was going to die. Not just in the metaphorical 'we all have to go sometime' sense either. He was going to die soon. It was almost a relief to hear it. The anticipation of this moment had been far worse than actually hearing it, because it was in his nature to assume the worst anyway. Finally, after years of things being not nearly as bad as he had expected, he could chalk up a point for pessimism. The victory felt somehow hollow.
'How long, if I leave it untreated?'
'Well the rate of growth I don't know, but at present best-case scenario, I would say four months. Maybe five, but the fifth month would not be a good month. Because the right temporal lobe is an area relating to emotional response and interpretation among other things, you may find yourself becoming somewhat irrational. Or more to the point, the people around you may notice this. In any case, we would like to keep you for observation for a while, just to make sure there is no immediate danger of another stroke. We'd also like to do some more scans to verify exactly what it is we're dealing with.'
'Fine. Thank you Doctor. Please get out of my room now,' Joe said.
Pontius didn't complain, and in fact looked rather pleased to be leaving but he paused at the door.
'I have spoken to Doctor Armaita. He thinks it would be in your interests to come and see him a few times a week.'
'Doctor Armaita?'
'Yes, he is...'
'He's a psychiatrist.'
'Yes.'
He's the father of the creature that pulled the trigger of my downfall. He's the devil that put me in this hell, thought Joe to himself, in a style far more melodramatic than he usually employed for internal monologues.
'I'll see him,' he said, and Pontius nodded his little beard approvingly before leaving the room.
'His bedside manner is worse than Mengeles, but he seems competent enough to tell me that I'm going to die.'
'Oh Joe. I'm sorry,' Mary said, and she began to sob against his shoulder softly.
Joe felt his contempt rising.
'Sorry? There's nothing to be sorry about. People die all the time.'
Mary held him tighter.
'You're not just people. You're my husband. You always do that. You always pretend that nothing matters because of starving children in Africa or wars and floods, but this is happening right now, Joe, and it's happening to us.'
Joe managed to extricate his arm from Mary's grasp, and she looked at him in surprise, her eyes still glistening with emotion.
'That's where you're wrong, Mary. It's happening to me.'






6



Blink. The monitor beeps. Breathe in. Check the time. Two minutes. The monitor beeps. Breathe out. There's a man in the bed next to me snoring. It's a quiet sound, gentle and regular, but I find it the most irritating sound in the world. I roll my head over to the side to look at him. He's an old man, maybe seventy, and he's hooked up to even more equipment than I am. His beeps were slightly out of sync with mine to begin with but over the course of a few hours they have become synchronised. We're like a pair of women living together who find that their cycles start to occur at the same time. It's impossible that we should synchronise, of course, but it hurts my head to consider the implications of this so I focus on something else. I hate him. I've never spoken to him, and I know absolutely nothing about him, but I HATE him. In fact, I hate everything. I hate Dr Pontius, I hate Dr Armaita, I hate Mary and Harry, and I especially hate Joe Finch. I hate his miserable little life. I hate his unambitious but comfortable career, his stagnant, predictable marriage, his friends of convenience, his weak tumour-ridden brain, and his frail and sagging body. But most of all I hate his self-pitying, self-hating, hate-filled hate. I hate, therefore fuck you.

It's at some point during this unproductive mode of thought that I come to realise that the beeps have stopped. Both my own, and my menstruating geriatric friend. In fact, there is no sound at all. There is nothing. Not even the soft buzz of silence that normally fills the ears when there are no external sounds. I look around the room, but there seems nothing else amiss. I must have gone deaf. Somehow, the tumour must have put pressure on my eardrums or eaten into the part of my brain that processes the signals of sound and destroyed them. I curse inaudibly. I start to scream, but the silence goes into my mouth and fills it like cotton or fog, not only blocking any sound, but choking me with its oppressiveness. I need to hear something, and after a good few minutes of silent screaming I realise that I can. It's footsteps, unevenly making their way down the corridor. Not shuffling, but something moving quite quickly. I look to the doorway just in time to see a little girl skip past the door to my room. She looks in at me as she passes and smiles, showing far too many teeth. Seconds later a man walks past. He's a young man, maybe mid thirties, and he's wearing a long leather jacket of the type that hasn't been popular since the fifties. He doesn't look at me at all. He's too busy spinning the chamber of a revolver and turning a bullet over between his thumb and forefinger. In any other circumstance I would stay in bed and hope never to see either one of them again, but I can tell from the fact that my thoughts are in first-person present tense that I'm dreaming again, so I throw my legs over the side of the bed and pull the instruments away from my body. There is no sound still, not even the rustle of my backless hospital gown against the sheets as I slip onto the cold floor and follow them out into the hallway.

They're a good twenty metres in front of me, about to pass through a door to what looks like the surgery, so I have to run to keep up. I can feel a draft blowing up the hallway from behind me, willing me forwards and I can hear their words floating back to me.
'You always play that stupid game, Gavrilo,' says the little girl, in a voice that sounds ostensibly like a little girl, but has a certain menace behind it that's hard to place.
'I like to gamble,' replies the man.
So this is Gavrilo, the man that Evan was supposed to come and see. I've caught up now and I see him place the bullet into the revolver and give the chamber a spin. He kicks open the door to the surgery and as we pass through I can see that it's not a surgery at all. It looks more like a waiting room, and behind a small desk and computer in the corner, is a slightly plump woman of about forty, typing at a computer between sips of coffee. Gavrilo points the pistol at her dramatically.
'One in six, Diana!' he declares and pulls the trigger.
Click. All sound has returned. I can hear the sound of phones ringing, and people chattering to each other somewhere else in the building. Looking behind me I notice that the door we have just come through leads not back to the hospital, but to a busy office, complete with partitions and water coolers and furniture all bought in large quantities from Swedish design houses. Diana, the receptionist, laughs vacantly.
'Mr Yama! When are you going to get sick of that silly joke?' she says.
She looks then at the little girl.
'Hi Lucy. Do you want a biscuit?'
'Yes please,' replies Lucy, and Diana hands her a chocolate biscuit from a half empty packet on her desk, pulling her hand away quickly as Lucy takes it, like somebody feeding meat to a crocodile.
Her father has dark, curly hair and pointed sharp features, with his eyebrows nearly meeting in the centre. He looks Mediterranean or Slavic. By contrast, Lucy is small and blonde, with blue eyes and a white dress of the kind mothers buy their daughters to wear to church. Lucy has all the elements of a sweet little girl but they don't seem to fit together properly.
'Is Mr Grey in?' Gavrilo asks, and laughs as if he has said something funny.
Diana simply nods, still looking at Lucy who is staring at her unblinking, as she chews the biscuit.
Gavrilo pushes open the door next to the desk and goes in, leaving Lucy staring at Diana, who is slowly rolling her Swedish design house chair into the corner in an involuntary gesture of submission. I give Lucy a wide berth as well, and follow Gavrilo through the door.

In my tomb it is dazzlingly white. It is the stuff that makes minds blank. It is silence. I can even feel my thoughts being observed. The air is stale. I feel clean in my tomb. Nothing can exist except me. Nothing can touch me or infect me. Nothing can kill me. I think of a place where I have never been. I have been enclosed for so long and I need to think constantly so I dont forget how. I need to remember what things look like. I havent seen anything before but I remember it nonetheless. I see people, through glass, but they all look the same to me. They all have the same grey faces, rotten to the core. They are the walking dead. They are infected. Those that work for me do so for money. Money! As if the word meant anything. The walking dead want money the most and need it the least.

One of them lopes in now. He drags his decaying flesh through the doorway, and the light from without stings my eyes. He is sunken. He is the Instrument of Death. I can smell him through the glass, I think, although that is impossible. There is nothing in here but me. I am isolated. I am clinging to life whilst they all wallow in death. There is someone else as well. It is Him! He has arrived. He looks smaller than I expected. He looks confused. He keeps staring around in the darkness like a blind man. Is this what I feared? This man looks as dead as the rest of them. He is rotting on the inside as well as the outside. He can't see me. None of them can see me.
'Mr Grey,' says the Instrument, and raises his hand in some sort of salute.
He mocks me. He thinks me insane, but he doesn't realise. He's dead, just like the rest of them. His thoughts are nothing. His Vampire enters behind him, gorged on blood like a leech.
'Why have you brought this thing with you?' I ask.
My words sound thin. They have trouble making it through the air. They are reluctant to allow their vibration into his ears.
'What thing? Lucy?'
The Vampire. I knew she would come. She wants to consume me, but that is not the nature of things. It is I who will use her eventually. She is small but her flesh is pink, like fresh meat. She looks as though she is exploding with life. I have seen her when her father talks of death. I have seen her eyes shine. She lives on death. The two of them have so much anger between them. So much Fury. But they are my Furies.

I look at the needle in my arm. It scares me. My eye follows the tube up the wall to where it disappears. It feeds me. I am terrified of the tube. I know where it leads. It leads to Him. He is dead like the rest of them, and if I wait too long he will infect me as well. The lights just flickered. I saw them flicker. Is there something trying to get in here? Is something trying to get in here with me?

Is something in here already?

It's dark in the room, and there's a sort of hissing sound. Like recycled air. In front of us there's a sheet of glass, reflecting Gavrilo and Lucy back into the room. I cast no reflection so I must not be here. There is some kind of mass behind the glass but I can barely make it out. It looks like a man, but only vaguely. It is the notion of a man, staring back from behind the screen. I feel a shudder run up my spine as I squint to make out the edges of his form.
'The substance has surpassed the form,' says Lucy behind me, making me jump.
I feel foolish, being scared of a little girl. I'm dreaming, I know it, and yet I still feel frightened.
'What the hell are you talking about, Lucy? When's this idiot getting here? I've got more important things to do,' Gavrilo says impatiently, shuffling his feet on the carpet.
'She can see him...' says a tinny, croaking voice from an intercom just beneath the glass.
It is barely a voice at all. It is so soft that it's more like a rustle of leaves. Something only half-heard and instantly forgotten.
'See who?' Gavrilo says, looking behind him.
His eyes pass directly over me but he doesn't take me in at all.
'Him,' croaks the voice, leaving a trace of silence as it wafts towards me.
Lucy takes my hand, and it makes me jump again. Her skin is cold to the touch, but not clammy. She smiles up at me and rubs her thumb gently across the scar on my palm, back and forth, quite rhythmically. It's very disconcerting.
'I can see him. He doesn't know where we are,' she says to the glass.
'None of you know...'
Gavrilo looks annoyed now and he raises his arms up into the air in exasperation.
'Are you two trading cryptic crossword clues or something? Can we just get on with it and leave the metaphysical shit in the self-help books where it belongs.'
Suddenly another voice crackles through on the intercom. It is Diana from the next room.
'Evan Meakes here to see you.'
'Thank God for that. Send him in,' Gavrilo says.

The Mule comes through the door with a squint. His life begins to waft away from his skin, drawn in by the gravity of the Vampire. She smiles at him, wearing her mask too loosely. She is leaking around the edges. Her eyes and her mouth are not the same as her face. The Mule surveys the room. He sees the Instrument and holds out a hand to be shaken, but it hangs limply in the air, nothing more than a focal point for the Vampire. The Mule glances at Him, his eyes pausing a moment too long. Could this be the one? There is some kind of connection between the two of them.
'Can you see Him?' I ask.
The Mule looks nervous and his eyes sink deeper into his face. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a small bag of death.
'I brought you the... the package.'
The Instrument takes it from him and checks the seal.
'There's blood on this,' he mutters and I see the Vampire's eyes light up.
I can tell she wants to leap upon it, but she restrains herself.
'Can you SEE Him?' I repeat, and the Mule stutters.
He doesn't know what I mean, but I saw the look between them. They have met before. The Mule knows Him. The Mule is a vehicle.

I never really had nightmares. When I was growing up I had the occasional dream about monsters in the wardrobe or under the bed, but nothing that really kept me shaking in my bed, too scared to sleep. I never needed the light to stay on, or at least I don't think I did. As soon as I start to think of my childhood again, the details go fuzzy, but the point is that I was never truly scared of anything that happened in my dreams until I came into that room. Whatever it is, hiding behind that glass, I have a very palpable sense that it wants to hurt me. Mr Grey isn't its name and it isn't a man, just as Lucy isn't a little girl. She's looking at me now as we stand near the door to the waiting room. Gavrilo is talking to Diana, and Evan brushes past me, in a bigger hurry to leave than anyone, but the sound is fading out again and all I can hear is Lucy. The sounds of the office are fading too.
'You should go back,' Lucy says, finally releasing my hand.
She had held it the whole time we were there, and it only added to my discomfort.
'So am I dreaming? You were in the hospital. That's the real world. That's where I really am.'
Lucy shrugs.
'Maybe I'm the one whos dreaming, she replies.
'So I dream of you and you dream of me?'
'How romantic. Do you want to fuck me?' she hisses obscenely and I recoil in horror.
She sticks her tongue out and then laughs. I feel a shiver go up my spine. Not only is this not a little girl, this thing is not even human.
'If that's your father, then where is your mother?' I ask, pointing over at Gavrilo to distract her.
Anything to stop her staring at me.
'The mother nourishes her child. She lives for her children. She dies for the same reason. You should go.'
I look behind me, at the swinging surgery door. Through the circular window I can see the darkened halls of the hospital again, and I gratefully push the door open and stumble through to the sound of Lucy's laughter behind me. I almost run down the corridor, certain that if I can just make it back to my bed then this horrible nightmare will be over. I have to keep reminding myself of that. This is a nightmare. I have just been diagnosed with a brain tumour. I'm feeling incredibly anxious, but none of this is real. If I can just wake up, then I know that the only thing I'll have to deal with is my impending death. As I approach one of the open doors on the left I see a sign above it labelling it as the maternity ward. There is noise coming from within, and despite my better judgement I slow down and glance inside as I pass. A woman is lying on her back, her legs up in stirrups, and she's screaming in agony. Her face is a deep red, almost purple. All around her, a crowd of people are watching, all smiling like they're observing a wedding. The baby's head appears, pink and glistening, although there is nobody waiting to catch it. It slithers out of its own accord, pulling itself from its mothers body with jagged, bony arms.  It tears itself free and scurries up the body on four legs, coming out at right angles from its body like some sort of fleshy crab. Suddenly another head appears as the mother dilates again, and she screams once more. The crowd of people standing around watching sigh in wonderment, and one woman has even started to cry.
'It's so beautiful. The cycle of life,' she sniffs.
As the second creature tears itself free in a spray of blood and afterbirth the first one has arrived at the mother's neck and suddenly opens its mouth and sinks in its teeth, tearing some flesh off viciously like a hyena, as the mother screams all the louder. The crying woman in the audience puts her hand on her heart as a third creature starts to scratch its way out.
'I hope to have children myself some day,' she says and the man next to her wraps his arm around her shoulders affectionately.
I can't watch any more, and I turn to run back to my room, trying to stifle a scream, but just as I tear my eyes away I see the screaming woman's stomach swell and suddenly split open, revealing a multitude of vicious offspring, fighting to be the first to break free and feast on her flesh. I'm halfway back to my room and the screaming is slowly fading, but it's not until I throw myself on the bed and pull up the covers that I start to breathe again. The old man is still lying where I left him. His monitor beeps. I fumble, completely out of breath, for my own monitor and reattach it, and my beep begins again. After a few seconds of lying completely still I strain to hear the horrible sounds from the maternity ward but there is nothing except our synchronised beeping and the gentle sound of the old man snoring.






7



Joe ended up spending four nights in the hospital, and over that period several different doctors poked and prodded him, as well as subjecting him to a variety of expensive state-of-the-art medical scans, all of which proved conclusively and with absolutely no room for error that he had four or five months to live if nothing was done. He had also had another slight seizure the night of his horrible meeting with Mr Grey, which was not taken as an encouraging sign. During his stay he had managed to avoid seeing Dr Armaita but he had an appointment with the man the following day and it was something that Joe was dreading, despite his earlier bravado. His return home had been so uncomfortable, mainly due to Mary's inability to even look in his general direction without stifling a sob, that he had decided to return to work immediately. Harry had insisted that it wasn't necessary, but one look at Mary with her hand clamped over her mouth as she watched him on the phone was enough to convince Joe that it absolutely was necessary. So it was, on the fifth day after he had been diagnosed, Joe found himself standing in front of his bathroom mirror, straightening his tie and trying to make his facial expressions look like anything other than terrified. Once he had finally toned it down to extremely anxious, he turned and walked from the bathroom. Mary was just on her way in and they both paused like strangers passing in the street who can't decide who passes to which side. Finally Mary slipped past him and he went out into the hallway.
'Joe, you've left the toilet seat up again,' Mary said, but the tone of her voice made it very clear that she was simply trying to maintain some sense of normality.
Joe swivelled on his foot and strode back into the bathroom, irritated that Mary's idea of normality involved nagging. He placed a finger on the rim of the toilet seat and looked her straight in the eye.
'Observe. If you want the toilet seat down, you can use a little something that astronauts call a gravity assist,' he said, flicking down the seat with a slight movement of his finger.
'On the other hand, this,' he said, reaching down and raising it again with his whole hand, 'makes me feel like Sisyphus pushing a boulder up a hill in hell. No matter how many times I push it up, every morning I come in here and I have to do it all over again.'
With another theatrical turn on his heel, he walked from the room and down the stairs.

Joe's habit for at least the past ten years had been to read the newspaper whilst he ate his breakfast and he saw no reason for that to change now. He chewed on a piece of toast as he flicked open the Sydney Morning Herald, whilst Mary sat across from him, her tea untouched in front of her, and tears in her eyes.
'At least have something to drink,' he suggested, noting that she hadn't stopped crying in days. 'You must have lost a lot of fluid by now.'
She looked down at her tea as if noticing it for the first time, and reluctantly took a sip. It was cold, but she swallowed it anyway. Joe's brow furrowed as he scanned over the articles in the paper. Most of it was the same old news. War in the Middle East. Interest rates were up. A celebrity who had been caught in an alley with his trousers down and his dick in a watermelon was pleading innocence, but then Joe's eye caught on a small piece on the fifth page.
'Here, listen to this,' he said to Mary, who was still having trouble looking at him. 'With the recent legalisation of necrophilia, organ donors will now also have to specify if they object to being organ recipients in the event of death, so as not to break laws regarding consensual sex. The Cardinal of Sydney commented that this was just another sign of the decaying moral fabric of modern society, citing the recent approval for a fleet of mobile brothels to be made from retired State Transit vehicles. "These vehicles will only make it easier for men to turn to prostitution and in the process destroy traditional family values. Even more worryingly, those men who may have been embarrassed to be seen entering a known brothel will now find it easier to allow the evil of prostitution to corrupt their souls." The company thanked the Cardinal for the free publicity and named their service the Suck-u-Bus in his honour... It's not the first of April by any chance is it?'
Joe flicked the paper over to check but froze when he saw the front page. Scrawled across it was a message written with a thick black marker. He hadn't noticed it before, as he habitually read the back page first.
BUILD A GUILLOTINE
Joe scanned the article that it covered, but it was unrelated. Mary touched Joe gently on the hand.
'What is it? Are you feeling okay?'
'Yes, yes. Fine,' Joe replied, placing the paper on the table so that the message was face down.
With all the spare time he had had in the hospital, Joe had checked to see if the notes he had been receiving were in fact in his own handwriting. They weren't, and try as he might, he couldn't replicate them very convincingly. It was scary enough to even suspect that his own brain could have been so affected that he could have been the author of the mysterious messages, but had it actually turned out to be the case then he wasn't sure what he would have done. What did this one mean? Was it meant to be taken literally or was it some kind of metaphor?
'I don't think you should go back to work, Joe. At least, not yet. You've just had a stroke, and you have a lot on your mind right now.'
'I'm fine for the moment. Look, I shaved both sides of my face today,' Joe said, although he quickly brushed his cheek to make sure that this was indeed the case.
Fortunately it was, although in truth he could barely remember having shaved at all. He had been in such a daze.
'Harry says that he can cover for you for as long as you want and...'
'Listen, Mary. If I sit around the house thinking about my situation all day, then I'm going to go insane. I need to get back on the horse and stay on the straight and narrow until my chickens come home to roost. I have these little pills that Pontius gave me,' he said, reaching into his pocket and shaking the small plastic canister of what were almost certainly placebos.
Joe was certain that they were placebos, but Mary didn't seem to be, so they were still quite effective. He got up and kissed his wife on the forehead, pulling on his coat at the same time.
'I have to go.'
'Now? It's only eight o'clock.'
'I'm taking the bus. Pontius said that I shouldn't drive for a while. It could be dangerous if I was to...' he let his words trail off when he saw the stricken look on Mary's face, but he took out the pills and shook them in front of her like a parent distracting a child with a rattle.
'It's fine, Mary. The wonders of medical science.'
Mary nodded with such little enthusiasm it may just have been a draft from underneath the door making her head sway, but Joe took it as his sign to leave.
'I'll see you tonight.'

He strutted down the street with a great sense of purpose, and the fact that he had no idea what that purpose was just made him strut all the harder. He was just glad to be out of that house and out of that hospital. People kept telling him to put on a brave face and keep optimistic, but it was hard to do so when those same people were looking at him as if he were already dead. He had received several cards from some of the people he had graduated with, whom Mary had apparently called to tell the good news, and they were all so incredibly depressing he would have preferred that nobody bothered. They all had printed messages inside them and a simple signature down the bottom, perhaps with the words 'best wishes' written as an afterthought. One of them even offered condolences to Mary, which seemed a bit premature. Mary had seen it and her tears had gone from pooling to flowing, and not even Joe's remark that 'something was rotten in the state of Hallmark' could cheer her up. So it was that Joe realised what his great sense of purpose required. To get the hell away from wherever he was. The joyous feeling of being on the move was short-lived, as the bus stop was only a hundred metres from the house. He hadn't caught a bus in years, but there appeared to be some sort of queue waiting patiently next to the sign, so he joined the end of it, clutching his briefcase to his chest. He was a child on his first day of school, and he didn't know what to expect.

It was crowded on the bus and Joe was forced to stand near the rear door, pushed up against the pole. There was not much room to move, but everybody seemed quite used to it. The man in front of him had obviously misheard the expression 'a man must stand on his own two feet', because he was quite happily standing on Joe's two feet instead. As Joe was wearing fifteen dollar imitation leather shoes and the man in question was wearing shin-high steel capped boots, it was fairly painful, so Joe tapped his shoulder politely.
'Sorry, you're just... on my feet.'
The man, who was excessively tall and quite muscular, looked down at his feet as if to gauge whether this information was accurate. Perhaps the sensory information from the nerves in his feet was still on its way to his brain and he wasn't even aware he was doing it. He shifted with a grunt and then turned back around. Joe decided to let the man's rudeness pass unremarked and instead looked out of the window. They were passing through the city centre, right near Hyde Park. It was a busy morning and there were already a lot of people on the streets. They flowed like a liquid, acknowledging each other only to avoid colliding. It was quite bizarre, and Joe started to observe certain individual flows of humanity. People tended to follow in the wake of the person in front of them, so there were distinctive streams winding through the mass. There was one such stream up ahead, near the corner of Oxford Street, where people coming from both directions were flowing around some kind of obstruction. As the bus passed, he craned his neck to see what it was. Kneeling on the ground, one shoe cast aside as if she had fallen, was a young woman dressed in a white blouse. It was stained red, and she was clutching at her mouth and screaming as a thick mass of blood poured from between her fingers and down her front. There were some objects on the ground in front of her that looked like small white cubes, and it was only when she opened her mouth and spat out a piece of pinkish flesh with three molar teeth imbedded in it that Joe realised they were her teeth. The crowd passed by her as she screamed for help, but she caught Joe's eye with such a look of terror and imploring that he turned away. He fumbled in his pocket for the pills. Placebos or not, they couldn't do any harm. He had noticed in the hospital that things had started to look a little strange. He had seen things, usually at night, but sometimes during the day, that people seemed oblivious to. Ever since the dream with Lucy, with those horrible demonic babies ripping apart their own mother, he found his mind kept being invaded by flashes of horror. Nothing too dramatic, just little things. This woman in the street was the worst so far. He placed the pills back in his pocket and closed his eyes.
'It's not real,' he whispered.
His mind went back to the message on the paper earlier that morning. Build a guillotine. When he opened his eyes, the people in the street were flowing past just as before, and the ones on the bus were all looking in any direction except at each other.

Joe sat in his office with both hands on the table, holding on to the desk to keep from flying away into the thoughts he couldn't control. He breathed deeply and lifted his hands. They had left oily prints of perspiration on the cheap wooden surface. There was a knock at the door and Joe breathed in again before answering.
'Come,' he attempted to say in the authoritative voice he reserved for students, but it came out sounding more like the whimper of a puppy.
The door opened and Harry entered the room with a nervous little smile on his face.
'So. Your tutorial should be starting,' he said.
'I'm aware of that, Harry. Did you really come in here to get on my back about punctuality again? After all that's happened?'
'No, of course not. I just thought you might be a little bit nervous, and I came to see how you were feeling.'
'Nervous? Why should I be nervous? What would make you think I was nervous about standing up in front of a few vacuous students?'
Harry glanced down at the still glistening handprints on the desk, and Joe followed his line of sight, but neither man said anything about it.
'I can still take the class you know,' Harry suggested, but Joe got to his feet and brushed aside his concerns.
'I'll be fine. Absolutely fucking fine.'
Harry knew that when somebody said they would be absolutely fucking fine then they were probably lying. The use of that particular adjective was a clear indicator, and you didn't need to be the Faculty Head of European Literature to work that out. There was nothing to be done though as Joe had already left the room. He attempted his purposeful strut from earlier in the morning but all of his thoughts were interrupted by the image of a woman, tearing at her gums as they fell from her mouth and her teeth splashed on the footpath like hailstones.

Gabriel Armaita tapped on the face of her watch as Joe entered the room in a gesture so conceited that Joe had to give her credit for doing it without laughing.
'You're late again, Mr Finch.'
'I am, aren't I? This is becoming something of a habit for me. Soon everybody will be referring to me as The Late Mr Finch.'
There was no reply from the girl, and only a slight hint of any kind of acknowledgement. In fact, Joe was unable to convince himself that there wasn't still some kind of glow coming from just behind her eyes, like a great power trying to get out. He tried not to think about it. Dr Pontius had suggested that the pressure of the tumour as it increased in size could cause certain abnormal thought patterns as well as hallucinations. Even though he knew the root cause of all of his nightmarish visions, he could take little comfort in that because the root cause itself was so nightmarish. His tutorial was all present and accounted for except for the mysterious Mohammed Asshad. John Smith and Richard Jones were sitting with pens poised to take notes and Tess and Leah, who barely seemed to have noticed his arrival, were having a disturbing conversation about what foods a guy could eat to make it taste better.
'Well I'm glad to see that things haven't changed in my brief absence,' commented Joe.
'Actually, Mr Tudor was quite capable of picking up where you left off. He certainly didn't turn up late to every tutorial.'
'No, Harry is definitely a punctual man. If I had to choose a single word to describe him, that would be it.'
'Mr Finch, we've already missed the first ten minutes, is it possible that we could...'
'You know, Gabriel, one day you're going to make some lucky man feel very, very trapped by the direction his life has taken.'
He looked her over calmly, and she stared back at him, neither of them willing to look away first. Her lips had thinned down to a slit across the front of her face, like the cut from a razor. Her eyes flashed a sort of righteous anger and Joe found himself flinching and looking away. Gabriel, happy in her victory, spoke once more.
'It's called transference, Mr Finch. You feel trapped in your life and you project those feelings onto others. I'd be surprised if your entire... episode was anything more than a psychosomatic response to your own depression. The whole thing stinks of a mid-life crisis,' she said flippantly, and when he looked back up, she was still staring at him.
'On that point at least I know you're wrong. A mid-life crisis would suggest that I'm half way through my life. This would more accurately be described as an end-life crisis.'
That shut her up. Her mouth opened slightly in surprise, then snapped shut again as she tried to gauge if he was serious or not. To Joe's surprise it was Tess who spoke first. He had assumed that she had absolutely no interest in anything that didn't involve promiscuous sex in the back of a panel van, but her eyes reflected concern.
'Are you okay, Mr Finch?' she said, which was quite possibly the longest sentence she had ever directed at him.
Joe thought back to the morning on the bus, the woman screaming in the river of people, the babies consuming their mother, and Gabriel, burning him with her eyes.
'No.'
'What's wrong with you?' Leah asked.
Joe looked over to the two boys, who were both furiously scribbling away at their pads, barely looking up.
'Pens down, boys. This won't be on the test. I have what my oncologist describes as quite a big tumour in my right temporal lobe. I've been given a maximum of five months to live.'
Now he had everyone's attention. The two boys had put their pens down, and the whole class was staring at him uncomfortably. He knew the feeling. What was there to say to somebody who was going to die? It was the same look he had seen on Mary's face. He had seen it on Harry's as well, and now he had five students looking at him in much the same way. He could feel his body shrinking under their gaze. In this case, it was not even pity. It was just a desire on their part to be anywhere else. Joe turned to the blackboard and picked up a piece of chalk, but quickly put it down again when he realised that he had absolutely nothing to write on the blackboard. He didn't even make a lesson plan. In truth, he couldn't even really recall what they had been studying a week ago.
'Well, we really should be getting on, it's fifteen minutes into the tutorial and...'
'He's lying.'
Joe turned around.
'What was that?'
'You're lying,' Gabriel said.
'Lying? Why would I lie about something like that?'
'That's something only you can tell us. But I don't believe a word of it. Why would a man who has just been given five months to live come back to work a week later to give a tutorial on James Joyce?'
Joyce! That's what they were studying, Joe thought, with the brief satisfaction of having scratched a mental itch. That faded quickly and left him with only Gabriel's question, which was actually an incredibly good one. Why would a man with five months to live come back to work? He had enough money to live out his last days in relative comfort, and still leave Mary with enough to get by on, and yet here he was standing in front of a group of students teaching them things they didn't really want to learn and he no longer placed any importance on. It didn't make sense. It was, in a word, crazy. Gabriel seemed to have done it again. As much as he hated to admit it, the girl was quite insightful.
'It seems, Gabriel, that you have a gift for analysing people's innermost thoughts,' Joe fumbled around theatrically in his briefcase. 'I just happen to have here a fragment of text written by James Joyce on the wall of a public lavatory in San Francisco during the late fourteenth century. Would you care to hear it and share your irritatingly accurate analysis with the class?'
'Mr Finch...'
But Joe was already reading the hastily scrawled limerick he had written on the bus to distract him from the horror outside.
'There once was a chicken with AIDS
Who used to get off on clichs
So he'd blow his fowl load
Whilst crossing the road
Screaming, It's not just eggs that get laid!'
Tess laughed and the two boys had again picked up their pens and were in the process of writing down the limerick, but Gabriel had crossed her arms in front of her and was looking at Joe, not now with annoyance, but with sadness. Or pity.
'I would suggest that the author of that is a deeply unhappy man, who no longer feels relevant and now finds he has to resort to vulgarity to get any sort of attention. And he doesn't care if it's good or bad.'
Joe began to clap his hands together enthusiastically, and held out his arm towards Gabriel as though she was a fellow actor at curtain call.
'Ladies and gentlemen, once again, Gabriel has hit the nail on the fucking head. That is spot on. She's two for two now. But you're not always correct. I am dying, Gabriel.'
'Then I ask you again, Mr Finch, what are you doing here?'
Joe shrugged.
'Because, Gabriel, sometimes even a duck needs a raincoat.'






8



Gavrilo Yama lifts the styrofoam cup to his lips as his eyes survey the darkened parking lot. There's a large stadium light at the far end, but where he's parked the car is hidden in shadow. The cup pauses as he notices Lucy looking at him, a smile playing across her lips.
'Did you poison my coffee while I was taking a piss?'
Lucy just continues grinning and Gavrilo curses and throws the cup out of the window. It hits with a hollow crack.
'You're so puerile,' he says and she laughs.
I stretch my legs and yawn in the back seat. We've been sitting here for at least forty five minutes staring at a building car park. It's a sort of corporate park, of the type that has huge garden surrounds that the employees never actually use. The sign, lit up on a concrete block and made of raised stainless steel letters says 'Portal Biosystems'. I don't bother to ask either on of them what it means. Gavrilo is still ignoring me as he always seems to, and Lucy has done little more than glance at me in the rear vision mirror.
'You know your problem, Lucy. You need some more friends your own age,' Gavrilo says.
'My own age? I believe my interests vary from other eight year olds.'
'Well maybe you should make an effort. You know, your mother...' Gavrilo's sentence ends in a short intake of breath and a groan as Lucy's hand whips out and grabs him by the testicles, her little fingers gripping so tightly that her knuckles turn white.
I have sympathy pains.
'Don't you ever mention my mother,' she spits the word mother as if it's a bad taste, and her eyes again meet mine in the mirror.
As with Gabriel, I look away first, unable to stand the gaze of someone seemingly so young and inexperienced who inexplicably knows so much more than me. Gavrilo gasps and then lashes out and slaps her across the jaw. She releases him, but slowly, and I can see that the blow barely affected her, although there is a little bit of blood on her lower lip. She licks it away and places her hands back in her lap.
'I love our little chats,' gasps Gavrilo, nursing himself, 'I hope you didn't want any siblings to play with in the future.'
No. I have a whole world to play with.'
'Sure, whatever. Look, there's movement,' Gavrilo says, still short of breath, as he points at the entrance to the dimly lit building in front of us.
Sure enough, the front door is opening. It's a huge sheet of tinted glass, twice as high as it needs to be, and a figure emerges, slipping out like a scared animal. He's an older man, wearing a tattered suit and clutching a briefcase under one arm. He's wearing a hat of the kind that may have been in fashion in the thirties, but hasn't been for quite some time.
'Let's go,' Gavrilo says, but Lucy grabs his arm.
'Wait. Let him get to his car. We don't need him running back inside.'
Gavrilo looks angry at being given orders, but he does as she suggests, and the scared little figure scurries across the car park like a mouse. The further he moves from the building, the more the darkness surrounds him, until soon my eyes can barely make him out as he stops next to a blue Mercedes. Its lights flash as he unlocks the doors and Gavrilo and Lucy both get out of the car. Gavrilo's oversized revolver flashes in the darkness as he pulls it out from under his coat. I scramble with the door handle and go after them, tripping once on the asphalt. It's only about twenty metres to the car where the man is standing, but he doesn't seem to notice them approach until Gavrilo sticks the gun into his ribs, and he lets out a short yell.
'Hello, Francis, remember me?'
Francis rubs his mouth, wiping a thin line of drool onto his fingers, and then onto his coat. Gavrilo shoves him roughly up against the car to keep him from moving, and he grunts as his body hits the door.
'Where is it? Where next?'
'I'm not fully briefed...'
Lucy reaches up and holds onto his hand gently, and he tries to jerk it away at the cold touch of her skin, but she holds him firmly.
'People talk, Francis. You must hear things. You must have seen things. Reports you maybe shouldn't have. I know you know. I can see through your lies, Francis.'
Francis swallows as I approach the car. He doesn't look at me. He's far too concerned with the gun in his ribs and the creature on his arm to pay me the slightest bit of attention.
'I'm not lying. I'm...'
He screams as Gavrilo twists his arm up behind him so that the fingers wiggle at the nape of his neck. The fingers claw helplessly, unable to grip anything. It looks like he's trying to tear something out of the top of his spine but he can't quite reach it.
'Where is it, Francis?' Lucy hisses, her tongue flicking between her lips and onto his hand.
He recoils from the wetness of the touch.
'They told me that was it, I swear,' he sobs, his arms still straining against the vice-like grip of the two of them.
Gavrilo brings his gun down heavily on the back of the old man's head, and he crumples up against the car, his hand sliding from Lucy's as he hits the floor. Francis scrambles on the asphalt with his fingers struggling to find something. He gets to his knees and starts to run away but in two quick strides Gavrilo has reached him and kicks him in the ribs.
'You don't want to do this. There are cameras out here. Theyll film the whole thing.'
Gavrilo reaches down and grabs him by the hair, holding his face close to his own, and speaking through clenched teeth.
'Where...is...it?'
Francis is coughing as the air is knocked from his lungs. Lucy comes over and reaches down, clasping her hand across his nose and mouth in the same grip, her knuckles turning white again with the exertion. Gavrilo proceeds to kick him again and again, his heavy boots making horrible cracking sounds on the man's ribs. Lucy looks up at me, acknowledging me directly for the first time.
'Why don't you have a go?' she says, gesturing to Gavrilo, who is revelling in the kicks he is landing on the old man's exposed body.
I shake my head.
'He's not your friend, this one. You wouldn't like him. He's not a good man.'
She releases her hand from his face, and he begins to cough and scream again, his lungs desperate to draw enough breath. Gavrilo stops kicking him and spits on him as he lies on the ground, his twisted hands clutching at his chest as if trying to physically pull more air in.
'Where is it, Francis?' Where's the next virus?'
'No more... they told me that was it... that was the last one... in Delhi... I swear...'
His voice is horrible to hear. It creaks and wheezes like a man twice his age.
'That's it? Are you sure? You say this, but if you're lying, Francis...'
Francis doesn't seem to hear him so Lucy scratches him across the face. An angry cat swiping at a toddler that's tormenting it.
'THAT'S IT! THAT'S ALL OF THEM!' he screams, clutching at his face.
'Wait a second. I'm getting Grey on the phone. Watch him,' Gavrilo says to Lucy, pulling his mobile from inside his coat.
A cigarette magically flicks up from his hand and into his mouth at the same time. He lights it and turns away from the man on the ground and wanders aimlessly in circles as the phone begins to ring. Lucy looks at me and then points at the man on the ground. Once again I notice that she has too many teeth.
'Go on. Kick him. Believe me, it makes you feel better. It's like kicking everything you hate about yourself.'
She offers him as food on a platter and I feel my resolve falter. There is a lot I hate about myself. I glance behind me, and see Gavrilo in conversation on the phone, his voice raised, but somehow the words are unintelligible to me despite that. It's not that I can't hear the words, its simply that I can't tell what they mean. Its like he's speaking a foreign language.
'Kick him. He's the one who's fucking your wife, Joe! He's the one who sits in the front row and reads your soul. He's the useless self-pitying hate that...'
As she speaks, my twin scars begin to pulse, like my blood is trying to leap out through these weak points. My hand seems to have a mind of its own, and the scar on my lower back feels ready to burst open and give birth to something truly horrendous. I scream in frustration and lash out, catching the man in the stomach. I feel my shoe connect to his pelvis and he howls and rolls over again onto his back.
'Just to shut you up!' I yell at Lucy and step back, observing my handiwork with no feeling of satisfaction at all.
He's none of the things she says. He's nothing but an old man, broken on the ground, and begging. Gavrilo comes back over and folds his phone closed. He flicks the cigarette onto the man and blows out the last of the smoke.
'Well?' asks Lucy.
Gavrilo nods.
'Apparently he's probably telling the truth. It's the last one. Grey was just being thorough. Wanted to make sure.'
'Wanted to waste our time. So what now?'
Gavrilo shrugs and takes his revolver out, firing a single round into Francis' head. His struggling ceases and his body collapses to the asphalt. I jump in surprise at the sound of the shot. It's the first time I've ever heard a gun in real life and I'm amazed by the noise of it. I had no idea that it would be so loud. Every other sound around me now sounds only half as loud as it was. There's a repeated echo as I see the dark stain begin to spread out from his head. It doesn't look like a very big hole. It's nothing much to look at, but there's so much blood, and Lucy rubs her foot in it. She's a child testing the waves at the beach and she steps away, her shoe leaving a print in the red sand. She's looking back towards the building and at first I can't see what she's staring at, but then I work it out. It's a closed circuit security camera, mounted on the upper right corner and it's pointing straight at us.
'We'd better go,' Gavrilo says, replacing his gun and walking towards the car.
Lucy holds up her hand and waves at the camera with no smile on her face, just a look of childish curiosity.
'Lucy!' yells Gavrilo from the window of the car.
'We're going to be famous,' whispers Lucy, turning and walking back towards her father, who has already started the engine.







9



Joe Finch had his first session with Dr Thomas Armaita at midday on a Tuesday. When hed left the house, Mary had been lying in front of the television with a glassy look on her face, watching a television special about obese people coming to terms with their self-image. It occurred to Joe that they would have a much easier time coming to terms with their self-image if they would just lose a substantial amount of weight first, and he said as much to Mary, but she barely even responded. It seemed that she was taking his death even harder than he was. The trip to the hospital involved a ride on the train towards the city, something that Joe usually tried to avoid. Sitting opposite him, in one of the four seaters was a young couple, no more than sixteen years old. Both were wearing school uniforms. Joe could tell they were a couple, at least in some loose adolescent sense of the word, because they were engaged in what could only be described as foreplay. The spotty-faced young man had his hand underneath the girl's blouse, and she in turn was massaging his crotch in a curiously mechanical fashion, as if she was trying to extract the last part of a tube of toothpaste. Joe tried to politely read his newspaper and ignore the spectacle but this became more and more difficult the longer it persisted. He glanced around the carriage for some kind of moral support from his fellow passengers, but nobody was paying any attention. Everybody was either reading newspapers, or staring out of the window. Soon enough, the young man tore the top few buttons from his companion's blouse and roughly pulled it over her head, although the feat was somehow accomplished without their lips ever parting.
'Excuse me?' Joe finally said, when it was clear that nobody else was going to speak.
They didn't appear to hear him, drunk as they both were on each other's pheromones. The young man deftly unhooked the girls bra from the back, with a skill that Joe didn't acquire himself until at least the age of twenty six, so Joe leant over and tapped him on the shoulder.
'Excuse me! Don't you think...'
But his voice trailed of as the girl began undoing the front of the boy's pants and to Joe's considerable distress began to slowly stroke him. Still there was no reaction from the rest of the carriage, so Joe got to his feet and pushed his way past the foreplay that was becoming increasingly more explicit. He threw his arms up in the air in disbelief and began to shout, so loudly that people would have no choice but to look at him, which they did.
'Don't any of you see this? What's the world coming to when a pair of teenagers can start copulating on public transport and nobody says a word?' he shouted, barely in control of his thoughts as the confusion and anger flowed from him.
There was not one sympathetic look from any of the passengers who were all staring at him. As he looked at them one by one they averted their eyes, in exactly the same way that Joe used to do when observing a crazy person who was causing a scene. He glanced behind him and noted that now the foreplay was over and the young lovers were engaged in frantic and sweaty sex. The train had reverted to silence and even more intense newspaper reading than before his outburst.
'What the fuck is going on?' Joe screamed, his voice cracking in genuine fear, but this time the other passengers ignored him completely and simply stared out the window, hoping he would get off the train soon. 
   
The public hospital did nothing to settle Joe's mood. His hands were shaking slightly as he thumbed through one of the ancient magazines that were strewn haphazardly across the cheap plywood coffee table in the waiting room of Armaita's office. It was on the upper floor of the hospital, several floors higher than where Joe had been stored during his processing by the medical machine, and the view from out of the window gave him a slight sense of vertigo. It was covered by a Venetian blind, which cast thin bands of light into the room, which was otherwise lit only by a single fluorescent. As much as he hated to admit it to himself, he was nervous. There was only one other person in the room, a secretary seated behind an equally cheap plywood desk, and she appeared intent on doing absolutely anything but attending to him. From the nametag on her left breast, Joe could see that her name was Diana. This shook him even more than the revelation in the magazine he was reading that some talentless pop star was possibly having sex with some talentless actor despite the fact that one of them was possibly already involved with some talentless heiress. He was trying to remember why the receptionist should be familiar to him at all when suddenly it struck him.
'I'm sorry,' he said, and Diana looked at him in such a way as to suggest that he should be sorry for interrupting her, 'but do you happen to know a man named Gavrilo Yama?'
Diana shook her head.
'I can't discuss patients with you,' she said coldly.
'I don't think he's a patient. Maybe just somebody you know personally?'
'I won't discuss my personal life with patients.'
Joe decided not to push the matter. The Diana from his dreams was a far older, far gigglier fool than this particular specimen, so he decided it was nothing more than coincidence. At that point the door to Armaita's office opened and an elderly man emerged, glancing suspiciously at Joe as he did so. He was closely followed by Armaita. He was not exactly as Joe had expected. He had been anticipating a man in a three piece suit with glasses and a small triangular beard and certainly somebody older than the man who looked at him now. Basically he had been expecting Sigmund Freud to walk through the door. This man was younger, taller, and far better looking than he had expected. In fact, he barely looked forty, and was dressed casually in a pale blue business shirt, with no jacket and no tie.
'I'll see you next week, Abraham,' Armaita said to the old man, who was still busy leering at Joe as he shuffled out of the door.
Armaita then turned his attention to Joe, who felt himself sitting up straighter under the younger man's gaze, much to his annoyance.
'Mr Finch? If you'd like to come through. Any messages, Diana?'
Diana shook her head, her lips pursed like she was sucking a lemon. She may have had no messages, but Joe had a message for her and it was a particular profane one. He decided not to voice it in front of his psychiatrist, and instead followed Armaita into the room in silence. The room was also not as he had expected. There was no leather upholstered couch to recline on and on the wall there were no framed diplomas. There was just a desk and two comfortable chairs, as well as a dreary watercolour painting of a pastoral landscape. There was, Joe noticed with a certain satisfaction, a wall of leather bound volumes with excessively long titles that fitted with his preconceptions nicely. Armaita sat down in the chair behind the desk and took up a notepad in his left hand as he motioned for Joe to sit opposite him. The psychiatrist regarded him with a slight smile, or perhaps it was just a natural upturning at the corner of his mouth. Either way, Joe found it instantly infuriating.
'My name is Thomas Armaita. You may call me Thomas if you wish.'
'So how does this work, Thomas?' Joe asked.
'There are no set rules here, Joe. We can talk about whatever you'd like to talk about, or if you'd prefer a more structured approach I can accommodate that as well. I don't believe in directing my patients to adhere to any rigid formats.'
'Well quite frankly I don't want to talk about anything. Id rather not be here at all.'
'And why do you think that is?'
'Because I don't believe you can help me.'
Armaita considered this, nodding in such a way that suggested he was considering this as a valid point, despite the fact that it was perfectly clear that he had already formulated a response from years of previous experience.
'Do you believe that you don't need help, or do you believe that I personally can't help you whilst perhaps some other psychiatrist could?'
'I don't know.'
'I'm sensing some resistance here, Joe.'
'Really? What I'm trying to transmit is contempt for the whole bogus notion of psychotherapy in general. I'll try harder.'
'Talking can help, Joe, Armaita says sympathetically.
'No, invasive surgery can help, replies Joe. Cutting my head open and ripping out this tumour can help. What are you going to do, reason with it?'
'Your emotions are more indicative of your physical state than you may think, Joe.'
'Can you please stop using my name at the end of every sentence? I'm well aware that I'm the person you're addressing. There's nobody else here.'
Armaita raised his arms defensively in front of him, but it was yet another of his carefully planned pieces of body language that reflected nothing of what he really thought. Joe was unable to suppress his own body language quite so expertly and he noticed that he had involuntarily folded his arms across his chest in a defensive manner. He put them back on the arms of his chair, but it was obvious that Armaita had noted this self-conscious correction. Joe gave Armaita a point on the tally he was keeping in his head. Armaita was unfortunately out in front by quite some way, due mainly to the fact that he had a magical smugness shield that Joe's insults were unable to penetrate.
'So what now, do we talk about my sex life and you tell me I'm attracted to my mother?'
'Do you want to talk about your sex life?'
'What is the obsession with psychiatrists and sex anyway?'
'You brought up the topic, J...' Armaita stopped himself from repeating Joe's name. 'So perhaps its something that's on your mind. I assume you have been talking to Dr Pontius about these things. He holds similar views to you, but the truth is that these days the old Freudian school of thought has been thoroughly discredited. That is not to say that the sexual life of a person cannot be a good indicator in certain cases.'
'In what cases?'
'Well there can be several ways of compartmentalising sexual desire. Some people repress feelings that they see as shameful, others displace the desire with an over-dependence on food as a source of pleasure, whilst some simply regard sexual intimacy as a kind of competition that needs to be won, rather than a mutual expression of affection between two consenting partners.'
'So presumably the testicles of an affected male patient are replaced by the repressticles, digesticles and contesticles, respectively?'
It had sounded funnier in his head, and when he said it, Armaita barely reacted. Reluctantly Joe chalked up another point for his opponent. In fact, Armaita's expression had become completely serious, and Joe had the horrible feeling that with his pitiful attempt at humour he had somehow given away more of himself than he wanted to. His suspicion was confirmed almost immediately by the next question.
'How is your sex life?' asked Armaita.
'My sex life? My sex life is deceased, Thomas.'
'For how long?'
'Three years. Approximately.'
'And why do you think that is?'
'Well the post mortem concluded natural causes but I suspect my wife of foul play.'
The questions were coming so fast he could barely think before answering them.
'What do you mean, foul play?'
Tell him it's none of his fucking business! Tell him to take his questions and shove them up his arse! Tell him anything except the truth.
'She's having an affair with a colleague of mine, Joe said with a sigh.
'Do you have any proof of this, or is it merely a suspicion on your part?'
'It's not just a suspicion. I can't prove it but I know it's true.'
'When did this start? When did you first know that it was true?'
'Recently.'
'How recently?'
Joe paused. He was answering the questions with so little hesitation that it scared him, but now he had reason to pause. How recently was a pertinent question and one that was sure to make him look crazy. The point was, despite the unfortunate timing of his realisation, he was not crazy. Not about this in any case. Mary was having an affair with Harry. That was an incontrovertible fact.
'You see, Thomas, I don't want to tell you because I know you're only going to attach some kind of significance to it if I do.'
'When did it start, Joe?'
'The day I had my stroke.'
Joe decided that there must be a word for what Armaita looked like after that revelation. Smug, a word that up until that point in their dialogue had been adequate, was no longer up to the task. Even throwing some adverbs in front of it didn't really explain the magnitude of the man's appearance. Joe settled on using the descriptor 'fuckwit' and leaving it at that. Of course it had occurred to him that his knowledge of the affair could be nothing more than a symptom of his stroke, or that the pressure his tumour was even now exerting was affecting his mental processes. But this was different. This wasn't the same as the woman losing her teeth, or the teenagers on the train, or even the implausible dream world. Those things he could recognise as being possibly nothing more than figments of his imagination. What he knew about Mary and Harry was something different from hallucinations or dreams. It was knowledge. The definition of knowledge implied that it was true, so therefore it was true. Mary and Harry were having an affair.
'That is significant, Joe.'
'It doesn't prove anything. It's circumstantial.'
'Let me ask you then, is there any physical impediment for the lack of sexual activity between you and your wife?'
'The only physical impediment is that we both became very physically unattractive as we grew older. I'm not interested in her and she's not interested in me, Joe said, as if that settled the matter, but it didnt.
'And do you resent her for this?' said Armaita.
'For this? No.'
The words slipped out of his mouth, tumbling along in the avalanche of things he shouldn't have told this stranger. The answer was immediate and inevitable.
'Then what do you resent her for?'
Joe got to his feet angrily, and for the briefest of seconds he felt like slapping Armaita across the face, but he didn't. He had allowed himself to become cocky. He had convinced himself that the man was not the same as his daughter and that he didn't contain that same horrible light of truth that had given him his affliction in the first place, but he had been wrong. Dr Armaita was a far subtler beast. His tactics were more subversive and less direct. He revealed himself slowly, so interminably slowly that it wasn't until the truth was free and floating around the room like mustard gas that Joe had even become aware of the extent of the damage he was doing to himself. By that stage it was too late. And like mustard gas, the effects of it would be felt for years to come. It almost made Joe glad that he didn't have years left. Armaita was looking at him, his hands clenching and unclenching against the armrest of his chair, and it took Joe a few seconds to realise that he was intimidated. He was standing over the man, glowering at him with what could only have been a manic expression on his face, and it was only with some effort that he managed to calm himself enough to sit back down in his chair.
'I don't want to talk about this. Can we talk about something else?'
Armaita seemed relieved, and Joe was gratified to see that not only was his something-beyond-smugness gone, but his regular gentle-enough-to-use-every-day smugness was still intact.
'Well what we're really here for is to talk about your condition, Joe, and how you're coming to terms with that, stated Armaita.
'What condition is that?'
'You've been told that you're going to die. That's not something that people deal with well.'
'That's simply one opinion. Medical science doesn't know everything, nor do psychiatrists.'
'I'm prepared to admit that the medical establishment is capable of making its share of mistakes, but I've spoken to Dr Pontius and he informed me that they took innumerable scans.'
'No, they took nine scans. Nine is a numeral, replied Joe.
Armaita was not put off.
'It's very important that you accept this thing. They can't give you an exact figure perhaps, and there are treatments, but your condition is terminal. You are going to die within a year, and the only way to ensure that you make the best of the time remaining to you is to accept that and act accordingly. If there is conflict with your wife then...'
Joe found the strength of will to tear himself free from Armaita's practiced sympathetic gaze at the mention of his wife. Had he really insinuated that he resented his wife? Nobody knew that! He had only just come to that realisation himself whilst sitting in the fictional lounge room of Evan and Ada. How could he have now laid himself so bare to this psychiatrist, who appeared to be not only non-fictional, but perhaps even hyper-real?
'That word tumour bothers you, Joe, and so it should, but it's not something we can hide from.'
'Well perhaps it's not a tumour at all. Maybe my head is pregnant. It was bound to happen eventually when people like you keep fucking with it.'
Armaita scribbled a note in his pad, and from the pen movements Joe guessed that it could be nothing more than a single straight line. Perhaps, like himself, Armaita was keeping a tally of who was winning their little game.
'Did Dr Pontius talk to you about the effect the tumour might have on impulse control?'
'He mentioned it, yes.'
'And have you noticed this in your own behaviour?'
'I'm more liable to say what I think. I don't really care what other people think, admitted Joe, rubbing his thumb on the top of his hand.
'Well can you accept this behavioural change as a symptom that fits Dr Pontius' diagnosis of a brain tumour? Does that make it any more apparent to you that he is also correct about the terminal nature of that brain tumour?'
'That's like asking if I accept that people are either right or wrong as a singular characteristic of their personality. In that case, no. The Pope believes that one plus one equals two, but he also believes that he's infallible and every decision he makes is God's will being carried out on earth. In that regard he's a complete sociopath.'
Armaita certainly agreed with that assessment. He disliked religion almost as much as he disliked being wrong, but perhaps it was expecting a little too much for Joe to self-diagnose himself so early on in his treatment, so Armaita changed the subject.
'Tell me this then, have you been having any strange dreams?'
Joe groaned audibly.
'Please don't tell me you also believe in dream analysis.'
'Not in the conventional sense certainly, but there is something to be said for dreams being a subconscious reflection of anxieties, said Armaita, somewhat defensively.
'Let me save you a bit of time and tell you that I am anxious about dying. You don't need to hear my dreams to figure that out.'
'Indulge me.'
It was with a very conscious effort of will that Joe was able to resist the temptation to reveal all about his vivid experiences with his dreams. He could almost feel the sweat beading on his brow as he spoke.
'Well there was one...'
Armaita nodded encouragingly.
'Well in one dream I was riding a motorcycle across the Atlantic with Marlene Dietrich and we kept getting attacked by killer whales dressed as Klan members.'
'Joe, it is hardly productive to...' began Armaita, but Joe interrupted him.
'In another I was a smug bastard in a pale blue business shirt who was getting massively overpaid for pointing out the blindingly obvious.'
Armaita placed his hands together again, but it was a self-conscious gesture, obvious in its intended effect, and less effective because of it.
'Perhaps we should leave it there. We've covered a lot of ground and I think you need some time to digest what we've said here, but I would still like to see you three times a week, said Armaita, but it sounded more like an order than a request.
'I would love to, Thomas, but I'm afraid I'm busy those three times a week. It's my grandmother's funeral.'
'Joe...'
'Yes, she was a very large woman and we're doing it in instalments. Three times a week for the next six months.'
'Joe, you're wife has expressed serious concerns to me about your well being. And... and her own.'
'What do you mean? What did she say to you?' demanded Joe.
Armaita looked him directly in the eye as he spoke with full confidence in his control over the situation.
'She's concerned that you may pose a threat to her.'
Joe took the news like a body blow. Firstly, that Mary could even conceive that he was capable of hurting her physically, and secondly that she would express that fear to a psychiatrist, was unbelievable. It was a betrayal that felt even worse than her affair with Harry. Emotional betrayal was always far more painful than the physical variety.
'But I haven't done anything!'
Armaita nodded.
'Yes, and let's keep it that way, shall we?'






10



Very few people in the world are blessed (or cursed) with the ability to alter anything substantial about their environment. Of course, there are microcosms of influence, but these are completely ineffectual in terms of creating systemic changes across the whole mass of humanity and what lies below them in the food chain. There are exceptions, however. Single individuals of such momentous will who, combined with fortunate timing and circumstance, are literally able to change the course of history single-handed. History is littered with such individuals, although they number but a tiny percent of the grand total of humans that have lived and died. As Joe sat in a coffee shop one idle Thursday morning, he tried to think of himself as one of those few beings of influence, despite all evidence to the contrary. Unfortunately, all he managed to do was to formulate a list of reasons why he wasn't.
1. He was a lecturer at the Finchwood Academy for Creative Arts and Dramatics Education, one of the least  respected institutions not only in the Sydney metropolitan area, but also the entire country.
2. He wasn't even the Faculty Head, as Mary was so fond of reminding him.
3. He had no children or living relatives of any significance to him, apart from his wife.
4. His wife was having an affair with his best friend.
5. He had an inoperable brain tumour that was likely to kill him in less than six months.
Those were the five main points that Joe had narrowed down his list of reasons to. The feeling certainly wasn't relieved by the steaming mug of warm diarrhoea that he was drinking which the menu, with an optimism he was unable to share, described as coffee. When the waiter, a bored looking man with a dirty shirt that was adorned with the name 'Charles' approached and asked if he wanted anything further, Joe studied the menu hastily.
'I'll have a grilled tomato sandwich and a glass of orange juice.'
Charles wrote down the order and disappeared without another word. Mary certainly hadn't improved over the last few days, and she spent the vast majority of her time lying around on the lounge watching television specials about men who thought their wives were ordinary bottles of household bleach, or women whose daughters were so 'out of control' that they occasionally said the word 'fuck'. As much as Joe tried to shake her from her malaise he found that he could not. It occurred to him that their roles should be reversed, as he was the one who was dying, but he never voiced that opinion. He glanced around the small cafe to try and reassure himself that all was well. The people seemed relatively normal. There was a policeman ordering a cup of coffee to take away, a pair of elderly women discussing who's grandchild was more disappointing and nothing like the children back in their day, and a table of about three couples who, apart from being rather overdressed for a cheap cafe in Glebe, where having a perfectly civil conversation over a roast dinner and a few glasses of wine. They were in fact very overdressed, now that Joe came to think about it, with the women wearing elegant backless ball gowns and the men wearing tuxedos. One was even wearing a monocle and a top hat, and sipping on his glass of wine with an exaggerated swirling of the liquid in his mouth. The fact that it was nine in the morning suggested that these people had been out at some kind of costume party and hadn't known when to call it a night. They didn't appear drunk, and they ate their food very delicately, so unlike a group of drunken people would after an entire night of boozing. Joe turned away from them, starting to feel a growing sense of dread. People in tuxedos were not even in the same category as spider babies and public intercourse, but they were still unsettling. Just as he returned his focus to the wall, Charles returned with his meal and placed it on the bench in front of him. Joe had chosen a bench facing a side wall, because Dr Pontius had suggested that he try not to 'over-stimulate' himself and cause another stroke. Life had a funny way of coming full circle. Forty years earlier he had been commanded not to over-stimulate himself as well, but in that case the advice came from the local priest, and the consequences were something more along the lines of blindness and hairy palms. The sandwich was mediocre and soggy and he ate it with little enjoyment. He glanced back over at the well-dressed group again and to his dismay, one of the women was squatting next to the table, her dress hitched up around her waist, whilst she urinated on the floor. Another of the group was amusing his friends by jamming a fork repeatedly into his hand that he had placed flat on the table. They were all laughing uproariously as his blood slowly began to seep into the paper tablecloth. Joe quickly added another item to his list.
6. He was clearly going completely insane.
Fleeing from the cafe, and leaving an unpaid bill which Charles seemed particularly unconcerned about, Joe emerged onto the street feeling his head spin. The vividness of his visions was so intense that it was hard to believe that they were nothing but the imaginings of his diseased brain. He reached into his pocket and pulled out the pill bottle that Pontius had given him. In the past few days he had stopped taking them completely, without telling his wife of course. Despite his protests, Mary insisted that they really were anti-psychotics and that his behaviour had improved markedly since the course began. He took two of them and then began to walk down the street carefully, placing one foot in front of the other with precision, to make sure that his feet were firmly planted on the ground, even if his head was in the clouds. His mind flitted back to the morning paper a week earlier and the message scrawled across the page in thick black ink.
BUILD A GUILLOTINE
The obvious question was why? A guillotine was designed with a very specific purpose; the decapitation of a human being. Joe continued his way down the street in a meandering sort of manner, but he was blind to everybody around. The search for truth, by Gabriel Armaita, had made a lie of him. It had revealed to him exactly how much of a fraud he had become. His facade of happiness had slipped away in an instant and triggered a rebellion in his brain; a grey mass that was killing him by living. So there was nothing else for it. He would build a guillotine.

The practicalities of building a guillotine weren't immediately obvious to Joe, but it occurred to him that the very first thing he should do was get a large amount of cash. Mary was the one who usually paid the bills when they arrived, and it would have been difficult to explain why he had spent several hundred dollars at a  lumber yard as he was intending on doing, so cash seemed the more obvious solution. He could then claim it had been spent on something innocuous, like cocaine and prostitutes, rather than the far more horrifying truth. There was a branch of his bank not too far down the street, and Joe made his way towards it, trying not to consider the implications of what he was doing in any particular detail as he was sure that the bubble of logic he had created would burst under the slightest bit of scrutiny. As he approached he could already see that there was some kind of disturbance outside the main doors. A group of young people had set up some tables and were distributing flyers to passers by, but one of them was engaged in a dispute with a slightly frazzled looking police officer. Most of the young people were wearing t-shirts depicting the hammer and sickle motif, or the famous print of Che Guevara that had become a badge of conformity to unite non-conformists across the globe. Joe put his head down as he walked by, determined not to get involved, but to his surprise and considerable annoyance, the young man arguing with the policeman called out his name.
'Hey, Mr Finch!'
He looked over at the man, and the stare was returned by the whole group of protesters. Running his eyes across their ranks he realised that he recognised at least half of them. They were students from Finchwood, largely philosophy and political science students. The one who had addressed him was not somebody he recognised however. It was a young man with a straggly beard and curly black hair which he held away from his face with a red headband.
'Do you know this gentleman?' the policeman asked him suspiciously.
'Sure he does. He's a lecturer at my university. Mr Finch. It's me, Mohammed Ashhad.'
The name was familiar of course. It was the only student who had never shown up for his tutorial, but Joe had never seen him before. The policeman stepped over to Joe's side and leaned in conspiratorially.
'In view of your connection to these individuals could I ask you to insist that they move along? They are violating the law by being here. This is an unlawful assembly.'
'Bullshit, pig! We have every right to be here. And you won't get any help from Mr Finch. Gabriel tells me you've become quite the rebel yourself these days.'
'Gabriel?' repeated Joe.
'Sure. Gabriel Armaita, my girlfriend. She's in your European Lit tutorial.'
Joe felt a thin layer of sweat form on his brow as he looked at Mohammed. He was a scraggly youth, middle eastern in appearance, and he was wearing the Che Guevara print shirt and torn jeans. He also had flat canvas shoes decorated with liquid paper and thick black marker. What was most surprising about him was that he was the exact opposite of the type of man he would assume Gabriel Armaita would be interested in. This fact in itself made him immediately suspicious of the whole scene. The policeman, incensed by the insult, had turned his attention back to Mohammed, pushing him lightly in the chest with his finger, but retreating when the other young communist party members rallied around in defence.
'If you do not disperse immediately, I will be forced to call for backup,' said the policeman, his voice faltering.
'Fuck you! This is freedom of expression. It's about time that the tyrannical machinery of corporate capitalism was made to take responsibility for its actions. This bank has invested in stripping the oil reserves from the rightful owners in Venezuela and Bolivia. They're the criminals, man, and if you think some pig in a Nazi uniform can silence us then you've underestimated our commitment to the truth.'
'Wait, wait. What's going on? Why are you here? Oil?' Joe interrupted, to the relief of the policeman who was at least twenty five years Joe's junior and clearly out of his depth.
'Not just oil. The whole fucking system needs dismantling. They've been stripping away at our rights for years now. It's not long until they start rounding people up and shooting them. The undesirables. Anyone who thinks differently from them. They just want us all to be happy little cogs in their fucking machinery of death and I'm not a cog, man! I am not a machine!'
'Don't you think that this is all a little melodramatic?'
'That's the whole point, man! They know they can get away with it because no one will believe it until it's too late. What they're doing is worse than Hitler, man, but nobody cares until it's happening on their own doorstep. Here, read this...'
Although what Mohammed said was true and nobody did care about the problems of the world until it affected them, Joe had a fundamental problem with anybody making comparisons to Hitler. In his opinion, as soon as somebody did that they lost any credibility they had, but he took the pamphlet that was offered to him anyway. It was on a yellow piece of paper, printed on university equipment (a fact Joe ascertained due mainly to the poor quality of the copy), and it listed in point form the same quasi-revolutionary rhetoric that Mohammed had just been spouting. The points were not bad ones, when facts were allowed to dominate, but the use of the word "man" in several of them detracted from the impact slightly and basically it read like schizophrenic rantings. Joe flipped it over and, cursing himself for falling for the same trick twice, dropped it to the ground. Written on the back, of course, was another message. It fluttered to the ground, taking its place next to Mohammed's foot, where the end of the message seemed to flow perfectly onto the thick black ink that was scribbled across his shoe.
LET DEAD MEN LIE WHERE DEAD MEN FALL
'Hey, are you okay?'
He felt Mohammed's hand on his shoulder, and the policeman's on the other side. He was feeling faint again, and through blurry eyes he could have sworn that he saw a man across the street, running at full speed from a pack of wolves. They snapped at the man's heels, avoiding the pedestrian crowd as they hunted their prey. Just as he tried to turn a corner, the leader of the pack pounced and then the figure was gone in a frenzy of wolves, who themselves were swallowed up by a surge of commuters crossing the road as the light went green.
'Sir, are you feeling okay?' said the policeman's voice, dragging Joe gratefully back to reality.
'I have to go inside. I need some money,' Joe said, breaking free from both of them and stumbling towards the bank.
He could hear voices from behind him, the young students yelling their displeasure at the world and funnelling it into his ears.
'Money's just the blood of innocents! You mark my words, Mr Finch. They'll be lining them up and shooting them and nobody will do a thing to stop it as long as the money keeps flowing. All they're interested in is profits. Whatever you do, don't sign anything in there. It's the machine! You have to wake up some time, Finch! What's it gonna take before you wake up?'

As Joe stood in line at the bank, he struggled not to notice that every time somebody made a deposit the money was taken from the tellers by an armed guard to a small rear door. Beyond that door he could see a huge grey furnace where sweaty men in singlets tossed the useless bills into the flames with shovels. The bank roared with delight before the door swung shut again leaving only the sound of telephones and cash drawers. When he finally reached the counter, forty five minutes later and dripping with sweat, he smiled politely at the teller.
'Hello sir, how may I help you?' said the woman in a floral-print blouse.
Joe glanced at the bank teller's name badge and was only mildly surprised to see that her name was Diana.
'I need to make a withdrawal.'
Diana nodded.
'Okay, have you filled out a withdrawal form?'
Of course Joe had done no such thing, but he didn't allow that minor detail to deter him.
'Yes,' he replied.
Diana nodded again, but when Joe made no move to give her the non-existent form she paused.
'Okay, no,' admitted Joe.
Diana looked at him curiously but then reached under the counter and pulled out a green form which she handed to him, along with a pen on a chain.
'You need to fill out your details on here before I can authorise a withdrawal. If I could just serve the gentleman behind you while you do so...'
Joe took the form and looked at it. The writing on it was absolutely incomprehensible. It looked like Arabic or something similar, and his fixed grin revealed his ignorance. The man behind him had stepped forward, but Joe pushed the form back to Diana.
'I'm afraid I never learnt to read. Could you do it for me?'
Diana looked moderately surprised, but her false grin soon mirrored his own, and she nodded.
'Okay. Do you have any identification?'
Joe reached into his pocket and pulled out his wallet, which contained his driver's licence and a library card. He handed her the licence and she took it and began to transfer the information for him.
'How much are you after today?'
'About two thousand dollars, I think.'
'Do you know your account number?'
Joe shook his head, delving into the depths of his memory to try and recall it, much to the annoyance of the customer that was waiting next to him with increasing impatience.
'How many digits is an account number?'
'Seven.'
Joe nodded as if this was helpful and then in a futile gesture he listed the digits one through seven. To his surprise, Diana nodded and wrote them down dutifully.
'What was that last one?' she asked.
'Seven.'
'And it was two thousand dollars?'
Joe nodded, amazed that she hadn't noticed his obvious deception. When she handed him the form to sign he noticed that she had done nothing but draw a stick figure picture of a man being set on fire by a policeman. Joe looked at the box and Mohammed's words came back to him. Whatever you do, don't sign anything.
'I can't...' he said, wishing he knew exactly why he couldn't.
Diana seemed a little taken aback.
'You have to sign, sir. It's the law,' she said, and pushed the form perceptibly closer to him.
Joe looked at the pen in his hand and then at the roaring furnace that was illuminated as the back door flew open again.
'Just sign it, mate. We're all waiting here,' said the impatient man behind him.
Joe looked again at the form and the picture of the policeman burning a suspect that Diana had drawn. In that same spirit, he drew a cartoon of a penis in the box designed for his signature. Diana took back the form and read over it once, before placing it into a small automatic shredding machine that sat on the desk next to her computer console.
'That's fine, Mr Grey. Are hundreds okay?'
Joe was too stunned to reply as she began to count out the bills, and when she handed them to him he took them reluctantly. It seemed like some sort of bad joke, but the bills in his hand felt real enough and when he counted them back, he did indeed have two thousand dollars in cash. The door behind Diana roared open again as the men in the furnace room continued to shovel notes into the fire. Joe stared at them, but they ignored him and carried on with their labours. Finally the man next to him tapped his shoulder.
'Are you finished yet?' he asked.
Joe shoved the bills into his pocket and nodded.
'Yes, that's fine, go ahead.'
With that he walked from the bank, expecting to be stopped at any time and told that there was some sort of horrible mistake, but nothing happened. When he got outside, the student demonstrators and the policeman were all gone and as far as he could tell, everything looked exactly as it should. Unfortunately, Joe was starting to think that his idea of how things should look might be drastically incorrect.







11



There is a different smell now. I don't like smells, they imply particles in the air. Minute particles of substances, not of my choosing, entering my body and infecting me. The Furies can dance among the particles, picking the gaps between their vile meandering because they have no tangible existence. They live and die on the whims of thought, and can be changed as such, like the Mule. The Vampire is not the same as the Instrument, however. She cannot be so controlled. She was unleashed. She was not born, unless her mother is me. She doesn't even know what she is, but unlike the rest of these zombies, bumping their lives against the thin membrane of death, she can learn. She is capable of becoming so much more. That is why she is of use to me. That is why she needs to eat so much of the lives of others simply to exist. That is why she scares me.

I have seen the Mule stand beside Him. I have seen the way that He trails the Mule's residuals, without knowing why. There is only one thing for it. I need to set the Furies loose. The world needs a saviour from this cycle of destruction, and only I can become what is needed, with the Vampire on my right and the Instrument on my left. A trinity. One being in three bodies.

I'm back in that waiting room. I know it the instant I look up from my chair in the corner. I don't know how long I've been sleeping, but I know before they enter who's about to walk through that door. Sure enough, Gavrilo flings the door wide open, wielding his phallic revolver in front of him and pointing it at Diana, who looks up with only mild surprise. Gavrilo spins the chamber and smiles.
'One in six, Diana!' he declares with gusto, as if it's the first time he's ever said it.
The gun clicks as Lucy enters the room after him. She smiles at me, so sweetly for a second I think she might actually be a little girl instead of the personification of hatred and fear. Funny how the mind forgets such fundamentals. Gavrilo, as usual, ignores me.
'Go on through, he's waiting for you. Lucy, would you like a chocolate?'
Lucy glances back at me as if she's sharing some kind of private joke, and then nods at the receptionist. Diana hands her a chocolate, which Lucy takes and gnaws at without any pleasure. Diana pats her on the head gently, and Lucy leaps back, almost hissing with rage. Diana withdraws her hand as if she's touched a hot stove.
'What are you doing?' screams Lucy with a voice that sounds like it comes from somewhere other than her.
Diana is completely taken aback by the reaction and throws her arms up in the air to demonstrate that she's no threat.
'Nothing. I was just...'
'You were just? You never touch me. Nobody touches me, you two dimensional cut-out of a person. You're not my mother.'
'Lucy, I'm sorry I was...'
'I will see you dead one day, and I will smile at the sight,' Lucy replies and follows her father into the chamber that I so dread.
Diana sits with her mouth open in shock and she looks so like that two dimensional cut-out, so expendable, that I know that Lucy will one day make good on her threat.

Here He is. I knew he would come. It's a sad fact that he must be here to witness my command, but if he were not, then none of it would be possible. My chamber exists within Him and without Him there would be nothing. The Furies stand before me, looking bored. If only they knew.
'So what is it now? I told you on the phone, we have the last one.'
'I don't like the telephone. It's unreliable. Phantoms in the air. I need to see you,' I croak.
The Instrument shrugs. He is humouring me.
'Okay, well here I am. We have the last one.'
'Are you sure?'
'The guy wasn't exactly the resilient type. I'm sure.'
'You give me your word? Trust is not something that comes easily.'
The Vampire lunges forward at the glass, her face full of rage and amusement. Hatred and hilarity. I feel myself closing in underneath her gaze, and although there is no way she can see me in the darkness, I know she has sensed my reaction. She is tuned in to the suffering of others. It is how she navigates the world.
'He's sure. Why are we here?'
I take some time to collect myself.
'I have another job for you. One that I think you'll find satisfying.'

I don't like the sound of his voice. His tone is hard to discern because his voice is more like a whisper of memory than an audible sound, but I have a sinking feeling in my stomach. Gavrilo looks bored, but Lucy is excited. She walks over to me and takes my hand again. I want to resist but I can't find the will as she leads me closer to the glass. I can sense him on the other side. That grey mass, barely a man, sickly, but somehow virulent and dangerous at the same time. I can feel a shudder rise up my spine at the proximity to him and the soft cold touch of Lucy's hand. Gavrilo looks on incredulously.
'Do you mind if He hears you?' Lucy says.
'Lucy, what the hell are you talking about?' Gavrilo says, stubbornly refusing to acknowledge my existence.
She doesn't answer him. Perhaps that is what the note means. Joe Finch does not exist. In this world, whatever it is, perhaps I really don't exist.
'He can hear it. I want you to kill the Mule.'
Gavrilo stiffens up at the word 'kill'.
'The Mule?'
'Meakes. I need you to kill him.'
'Evan Meakes? What did he do to piss you off?'
Lucy's grip on my hand is tightening. I can feel her nails digging into my flesh. It is a white hot pain, but I barely notice it.
'It is not a matter of anger or vengeance. It is simply a necessity,' breathes the voice beyond the glass.
Gavrilo shrugs.
'I have no problem with it. If you want to clean up some loose ends that's fine by me, but in that case I want more money.'
'Money is merely the blood of innocents and I have plenty of it. You will be compensated.'

The Instrument is a cog in the machine. He wants only money to sustain himself. But the Vampire has other motives. She doesn't just want to kill him, she wants to consume him. If it were possible, I would feel some remorse at what I am about to unleash, but these are not lives, they are merely characters, and they have played their part.
'You can't just kill them! They haven't done anything!'
It is the first time He has spoken to me. I can feel his eyes trying to make out my form through the glass. His voice sounds tinny through the intercom. It is not what I expected Him to sound like. What is the voice of God? A booming cry that cuts through all things and demands observance to its will? Or perhaps the voice of God is exactly the voice I just heard. A quiet, scared, whine from somebody who has no more sense of purpose than anything else. I decide it is time to address Him.
'You may be a God, but you are not yet omniscient. They haven't done anything yet. Let's keep it that way.'
He looks confused. Perhaps surprised, as if he has heard those words before. I don't know what to make of his expression. Maybe it is impossible to know the mind of God. From the look of the frail old man in front of me, he doesn't even know his own mind. To Him, his mind is a thing to fear and mistrust.

Did he just refer to me as a God? I don't feel like a God. I feel terrified. I tear myself free of Lucy's grasp, but I can feel that she allows me to go. If she wanted me to stay by her side, staring into that abyss where Mr Grey lives, then there would be nothing I could do about it. Gavrilo is watching his daughter with a comical confusion on his dense features. A fish with a bicycle.
'Okay, so when do we want this thing done?'
'The sooner the better,' comes the reply.
'Well I'll just have to check my schedule. I've got bridge with Lady Fontleberry at eight, and I simply have to drink a litre of scotch and fuck something by ten, but tomorrow, I'm wide open.'
'Wider than you think. Be careful, Instrument, He is watching you.'
'Yeah, yeah. I'm starting to think that you and Lucy are both out of your minds, but with the money you pay me, I'm prepared to put up with it. Just remember what you said.'
There is a long silence. I can feel tension building in the room, and this time, even Gavrilo seems to notice it. Despite all his bravado and inherent stupidity, he is not completely ignorant of what lies behind that glass. When Grey speaks again, his voice is louder than I have ever heard it before. It is audible. It echoes slightly on the bare walls of the chamber, and it makes Gavrilo flinch.
'Make him dead. Take the Vampire.'
Lucy puts a hand up to the glass.
'I'll grind his bones to make my bread,' she sings happily.
'Do so,' replies Mr Grey.
'Sure, sure. We'll cut him down and count the rings. Let's go, Lucy,' Gavrilo says.






12



In the gloom, Joe raised his head, as the third-person past tense kicked in again with a tangible jolt. He was slumped in a fold-up plastic chair, in a small room. For a moment he was uncertain of where he was, but it only took a few seconds for his memories to come flooding back. The shed in the backyard of the house he shared with Mary. He had come home late, and carried the pieces of wood he had bought at the hardware store up the side of the house, trying to maintain total silence. Mary was upstairs in bed, he could tell from the light, but he decided that she must have been asleep or else she would have come downstairs to confront him. Joe had then made a determined effort, over the next few hours, of building a viable frame for a guillotine. He had no plan, and even less skill, so the rickety structure that he had managed to erect before falling asleep exhausted in his chair looked quite sad in the gloom of the sixty watt bulb. It had a base with two diagonal support struts, and a flattened area to place the head of the unfortunate victim, but that was as far as he had gotten, and it didn't look like anything much. He prodded the structure with his toe, and it shook with a complaining creak. It was too late now. He still had plenty of wood remaining and, as far as he knew, four months or so of remaining life so it could wait until morning. He stood up and turned off the bulb, before stepping into the back garden and padlocking the door with a brand new padlock he had also purchased at the hardware store to ensure that only he had the key. As he was walking back across the small garden he tripped on the hose, which was still strewn across the lawn from several weeks earlier when he had been distracted from watering the garden by the arrival of Harry for his weekly dinner. He cursed out loud, and put a hand to his mouth too late. Mary appeared at the upstairs window of their bedroom and she lifted the window and peered down into the garden below.
'Joe?'
Joe froze, wondering if there was any possible way of hiding. When he decided there wasn't he called back cheerfully.
'Hi, Mary.'
'Joe! Where have you been? Ive been worried sick! I called the police but they told me that you had to be missing for forty eight hours before they could do anything...' her voice had started at relief but it passed through the stations of confusion, then fear and finally terminated at anger.
'Why didn't you call me? I'm your wife!'
Joe, who was fully aware that Mary was his wife, but didn't feel the rest of the neighbourhood needed to be informed of the fact, made to go into the house through the back door.
'Oh no you don't! You didn't even leave a note when you left. Why didn't you at least tell me where you were going?'
Joe felt it pointless to explain that the concept of writing a note was frightening to him in view of all the assorted notes that had come into his life during the past few weeks. Mary was a rational person, although highly strung, and she would almost certainly not understand the connection. Besides which, it would also involve revealing to her the full extent of his dementia and hallucinations, and that was not something he was prepared to do until it was absolutely necessary.
'And tell me, Joe? What is it you have been doing?'
'I've been...' his mind flashed through his catalogue of excuses, and despite knowing it was possibly the worst thing he could have said at that precise moment, he said it anyway. 'I've been out drinking heavily and paying women to fellate me. I hope you weren't waiting up.'
Mary screamed in frustration and pulled the window down with a thump that nearly made the glass shatter. For a second, Joe thought that he would be spending a night outside, but a few seconds later he could hear her footsteps coming down the stairs towards the back door. She flung it open.
'Get inside immediately. I will not have you making a scene.'
Joe, his head looking at the ground in front of him, trudged into the house.

Once inside, Mary's fury did not abate. If anything it intensified now that they were away from public scrutiny. Joe sat on the lounge in their living room, staring at a point several hundred metres behind Mary's head.
'We have to talk, this has gone far enough. You will tell me where you were tonight and you will tell me right now.'
The phrase "honesty is the best policy" never seemed more like a load of crap to Joe than it did right then. In general it was not true. If somebody asks how they look after spending an hour getting ready, the correct answer is "you look great", regardless of the truth of the matter. If somebody passes in the street and says "How are you?", the correct answer is "Fine, thank you", as opposed to telling them all about your latest               bout of gout or piles. Equally true, if your wife asks you what you've been doing, when you've spent a good part of the evening trying to build a guillotine because of a message scrawled by an unknown hand, the correct answer is...
'I don't remember,' said Joe.
Mary looked at him sceptically.
'What do you mean?'
Joe wrung his hands together nervously. He had never been very good at lying to his wife, and with such a frail lie, he was finding it more difficult than ever.
'I mean, I went out for a walk and then the next thing I remember is being in the back garden. I don't know how I got there.'
Mary's face softened slightly, just as Joe had hoped it would when he added a slight note of child-like confusion to his tone. It was a cynical and calculated ploy to win sympathy and Joe hated himself for resorting to it, but it worked. Mary placed a hand on the side of his face.
'Joe, have you been taking the medication Dr Pontius gave you?'
'Yes.'
'Has it been working? Have you had any other episodes?'
'No,' Joe lied, although he convinced himself that he was answering the first question truthfully and therefore it was not a lie at all.
'I don't know what to do, Joe. I think that maybe I'm going to need to get some help.'
'Help?'
'If you're starting to lose... I mean if you don't know where you are...'
Joe realised too late that he had overplayed his hand. The last thing he wanted was to be cooped up in the house all day with some kind of live-in nurse spoon feeding him and wiping his arse. The only thing to do now was to back-pedal.
'It's not so bad, Mary. Not yet. Pontius said that there might be side-effects from the pills. Loss of memory and so on, but it's nothing to worry about. He said that if it got too bad he could give me something else. Different medications affect people differently, he said. I'll go and see him and try something else, that's all.'
Mary nodded, but her form was becoming blurry.
'Have you been having any other problems? More hallucinations?'
Everything was becoming blurry, it wasn't just Mary. He felt himself drawing back away from the world and Mary's form retreated so far that she was soon nothing but a small pinprick of light. She was not alone, there was a galaxy of them, swirling around him with huge spiral arms that looked ready to embrace him but never came quite close enough. With a huge effort of will he dragged himself back to the living room that was in orbit around one of those stars. When he focused quite hard on Mary she seemed less blurred around the edges. She regained her form and he could see her imploring face waiting for an answer to her question. She had joined him in the centre of the universe for as long as he cared to hold her there, but he knew that in an instant he could release her and send her spinning end over end towards the periphery, a barely noticed pin prick of light consumed by the billions of others that surrounded him.
'No. No more hallucinations,' he said faintly.






13



New Zealand has launched a nuclear attack against the state of Victoria, destroying most of the inner suburbs of Melbourne, following a trade dispute between the two nations. Although the death toll is well over two million people, the New Zealand Prime Minister, Helen Clarke, today released a statement saying that she hoped that the dispute wouldn't interfere with the upcoming test match at the remains of the MCG.
Joe folded his paper and put in his lap. It was hard enough to read anything recently. It was frustrating because what he was reading clearly wasn't true, and yet on the one occasion when he had commented on it to a neighbour on the bus, they had responded as if the story was perfectly reasonable, which made Joe suspect that his neighbour was little more than another hallucination. Despite his deteriorating mental state, he seemed to have placated Mary enough for her to allow him to continue going to work. When he arrived and placed his briefcase on the table, there was a quiet knock at the door almost immediately. He knew who it was before he opened it and feigned surprise when he saw Harry standing there.
'Harry! Just the man I wanted to see!'
'Why?'
'So I could do this!'
Joe slammed the door in Harry's face with an incredible amount of delight. He felt a surge of adrenalin, or liberation. Sitting down behind his desk he opened the briefcase and looked through his notes for the upcoming tutorial. He had given several since beginning his work on the guillotine, and there were some occasions when it actually looked like people were paying attention. Gabriel complained still, and fixed him with her fiery gaze of truth, but even that was becoming easier to take, and Harry had taken several of his lectures and tutorials when he'd failed to turn up or called in sick. There was another tapping at the door, even quieter than the first time, but Joe didn't respond to it. Harry tapped again, this time entering without waiting for a response. He looked sheepish, but also slightly scared of how Joe might react to his presence. There was a lot of that these days, Joe had noticed. Normally handsome, right then Harry just looked old.
'Joe, we need to talk.'
'True, Harry, we do. It's what got civilisation where it is today. Fire, the wheel and language. Everything stemmed from those three discoveries. Well spotted, old chap. I guess that's why you're the Faculty Head!'
Confusion flickered across Harry's face momentarily.
'No, Joe, we need to talk about you.'
'I'm sure you and Mary can discuss my problems over a post-coital cigarette. Right now, as you're so fond of reminding me, I'm going to be late for a class.'
'Joe, please don't start this again. I know you've been avoiding me. We've barely spoken in a week, and I know it's because you think I'm having an affair with Mary, but what the hell do I have to do to convince you I'm not?'
'The only thing you could plausibly do is alter the fabric of reality so that you're not having an affair with Mary. You see, Harry, because you are, there is nothing else that's going to convince me.'
Harry threw up his hands in exasperation.
'I don't know what to say to you, Joe. I came in here because I wanted to warn you and all you've done is throw it back in my face with these ridiculous accusations. You're sick, Joe. You know you have a tumour, so why is it so hard for you to believe that I'm telling the truth? Mary said you've been having hallucinations, and denying it as well.'
'So when were you talking to Mary?'
Harry let out a cry, a sound of pure frustration, in such a distilled form that only one or two drops were required to flavour the whole person.
'I talk to her every few days, Joe. About you. I call her and ask if there's anything I can do to help out because were friends and I care about your welfare. You're on the edge right now, and I'm the only person who's trying to pull you back. There's been complaints about you. From your students.'
'From Gabriel Armaita...'
'It doesn't matter who from, and it's not just one person either. The point is, the Chancellor is starting to take them seriously. You need to be careful. Better still, you need to not be here. Take some time off. Go on a holiday with Mary. Something, before you lose everything.'
'In four months, I'll be dead, Harry. I lose everything no matter what.'
Harry went quiet. People always went quiet at the mention of death because it was still a taboo.
'Then you can have her all to yourself,' added Joe viciously.
Harry glared at him sadly, a hard thing to do, as sympathy and anger are not compatible emotions, but to Harry's credit he managed it. He glanced at his watch.
'Fine, Joe. I tried. I'm sorry you're dying, but that's the way it is. Don't make Mary suffer. You've got a tutorial to get to.'
'I appreciate your punctuality, Harry. Thank you.'
Harry turned to go and Joe sighed.
'Okay, look. Why don't you come out to dinner tonight? We haven't seen you in a while.'
Harry looked doubtful.
'Best behaviour. I promise. Bring a date if you've got one.'
Harry still looked doubtful but he nodded at the idea.
'I have a date.'
'I knew you would. What's this, the fifth girl this year?'
'Sixth,' replied Harry.
'Of course. Well, we'll see you at seven o'clock at Ganesh.'
'Indian again? You must really hate your bowels to punish them so much. But I'll be there.'

'Before you say anything, Gabriel, I would like to point out that I have three seconds before the tutorial is due to start, so if you would please stop looking at your watch, I would greatly appreciate it.'
Gabriel, the menacing light completely absent from her face for the time being, looked like nothing more than a bratty over-achiever. The rest of the class was in attendance as usual. John Smith and Richard Jones were looking at him blankly, their indifference compounded by Joe's indifference to them. Tess and Leah were chatting about a message on Leah's phone, and from the brief few words that Joe had picked up as he entered the room it was something about 'that stupid slut' and Leah being 'so totally over' somebody. They went quiet as he entered the room. All five students were staring at him quite serenely and they reminded him of nothing more than bored cows, chewing at the cuds of their immediate needs and waiting for the slaughterhouse.
'So where was Harry... Mr Tudor, up to?'
Joe looked expectantly at Gabriel, knowing that she would be the only one who would even think to offer a response.
'He's taken us through a lot more than you have. We've finished Joyce and moved on to Hesse.'
'Ah yes. A banal literary tour through the most famous and therefore best writers in history. "Steppenwolf", I presume?'
'We were discussing the rationale behind the Steppenwolf's actions. The fact that a man over the edge of sanity would still attempt to make a show of normality, despite the fact that it's perfectly clear he has lost his mind.'
Joe smiled at the comment and at Gabriel's challenging stare, but the rest of the students didn't seem to notice the true nature of the remark. They continued to chew their cuds as their eyes glazed over.
'Well thank you for that thinly veiled verbal assault, Gabriel. Does anybody have anything to add? Anybody at all? John?'
John's eyes widened momentarily in panic but he shook his head vigorously.
'You have nothing at all to add? You did read the book, didn't you, John?'
John transformed instantaneously from a cow in the field to a deer in the headlights which was a more lively expression than his wooden features seemed capable of.
'I did...' he stammered.
'Then may I ask you what your thoughts are?'
'My thoughts?'
'Yes, John, your thoughts. You must have had one or two in your life. I'm asking for an opinion. There's no wrong answer. Just tell me how you would interpret the text.'
'Interpret?' John echoed, hurriedly opening up his notebook and flicking through it, desperately searching for the combination of words that would make Joe and the three girls stop staring at him. He knew that there was something he could say that would divert attention, but Joe could see that he was incapable of working out what it was. Gabriel snorted derisively.
'Why are you picking on him, anyway? You haven't been here for the last three tutorials. What gives you the right to come in here and start demanding answers now?'
'This is my class, Gabriel. It's not my right, it's my job.'
'Well it shouldn't be. You have emotional trauma and Mr Tudor is more than capable of taking this class.'
'God! You are just like your father,' Joe said, recalling Harry's warning of complaints about him and feeling the bile rising in his throat.
'My father? What do you know about my father?'
'I know that he couldn't be more self-assured about his opinions if he found them carved in stone at the top of a mountain. So tell me, Gabriel, what are you trying to say about me?'
'I'm saying that you are no longer in charge of your faculties...'
'And Harry is in control of the faculty? Is that some sort of pun, Gabriel? Are you punning me you pun-filled little punt?' shouted Joe, so viciously that it surprised even him.
Gabriel gripped her desk tightly in alarm as Joe took an angry step towards her. John Smith simply looked happy to no longer be the centre of attention.
'Calm down, Mr Finch,' said Leah hesitantly.
'Don't tell me to calm down, Leah. I don't need some vacuous fashion-obsessed slut telling me to calm down.'
Leah looked stung for a moment but then she got a spark to her and pounced back.
'Fuck you!'
'That's the best you can do? For somebody who spends all her time talking I would have thought that you could come up with something better than that. Or are you not so verbose in your social life? That's understandable. I'm sure it's difficult to talk with a drunk stranger's cock in your mouth, but I expect a higher quality of profanity in this classroom. Have I taught you nothing at all?'
'Not recently...' muttered Gabriel under her breath, but it was Leah who still demanded attention.
'You know what? I'm glad you're going to die. You're a horrible person and you deserve everything that happens to you.'
Joe smiled.
'Thats better.'
John and Richard had begun to retreat into themselves at the start of the conflict, and now looked like turtles, their necks having been completely absorbed into their bodies. There was fear on both their faces, but Joe was having trouble telling which one was which. He glanced down at the class list on the desk to try and prompt some kind of memory, but his eye was caught by the sixth name on the list. The student that had never once shown up to a tutorial. Mohammed Ashhab.
'You think you're so...' Leah was ranting, but Joe didn't hear what she was saying.
Mohammed Ashhab. He looked back up to the class. Gabriel was writing ferociously on her notepad, presumably taking down every word he said as evidence for whatever tribunal she envisaged for the future, and Leah was still ranting at him with Tess throwing her own derogatory comments in at random intervals in support of her friend.
'Who's Mohammed Ashhab?' he said suddenly, cutting Leah off mid-sentence.
'What?'
'Mohammed Ashhab? He's supposed to be in this tutorial. Do any of you know him from another subject? He's been on the list since the start of the semester. Who is he?'
'I've never heard of him,' replied Leah, thrown off her stride by the random nature of the question.
'Gabriel? Who is he?'
Gabriel stopped writing and placed her pen down carefully in front of her, making sure it was parallel to the pad.
'I want you to know that I've been taking note of everything you've said...'
'I'm aware of that. Just tell me who Mohammed Ashhab is.'
'I've never heard of him. Perhaps he dropped out and never came here at all.'
She looked smug. Gabriel always looked so smug, like her father. When she looked at him now, the searing white light was beginning to dance around the centre of her pupils. It was growing slowly outwards as he watched.
'I can see through your lies, Gabriel! You know things. You must know. You've got the light! You know the truth. You told me about the tumour. I could still feel the truth that night. That's how I knew about Harry and Mary. I just knew...'
'The light?'
Joe advanced on her table, unable to tear his eyes away from hers. The light was growing stronger now. It completely filled her eyes and was beginning to leak across the soft line of her cheek. Joe swallowed his bile as he stared at her. She was beautiful.
'Tell me...' he pleaded, 'I need to know...'
'Mr Finch!'
Gabriel had stood up and was backing away from him, her hands crossed in front of her chest, holding her notepad close to her as a shield.
'What's your boyfriend's name?'
'My boyfriend?'
'What's his name? The student activist. I met him outside the bank. It's Mohammed, isn't it?
Gabriel was still backing away. The light of truth was fading from her eyes the more scared she became, and Joe desperately tried to keep it alight. It was like the embers of a fire, and if he could just give them enough fuel they would ignite again and give him all the answers. Such beautiful eyes.
'Tell me! Who is he? Why is he in my head?'
'I don't have a boyfriend. It would interfere with my studies!'
'That's not why you don't have a boyfriend...' muttered Leah, but Gabriel was too fixated on Joe to respond.
'Who was that boy outside the bank? Why did he say he was your boyfriend? Tell me, you bitch!'
Joe lunged forwards but felt himself grabbed from behind. Strong arms grabbed both of his shoulders. It was John Smith and Richard Jones. Something had finally stirred them from their deep academic slumber and they had grabbed him. Gabriel walked quickly from the room backwards, afraid to take her eyes off Joe in case he made another lunge at her.
'You're fucking crazy!' she screamed as she left, and then turned and fled down the corridor.
The bland boys still had their arms on either side of him, but Joe could feel the urge for truth disappearing. It had left the room with Gabriel, attached to her and trailing away, becoming thinner and thinner until it finally snapped and left him feeling empty.
'It's okay, boys. You can let go of me.'
They seemed uncertain, and looked to Tess and Leah for confirmation. Both of the girls stood up simultaneously and walked towards the door, fearfully defiant and with a terrified confidence. Leah stopped just before leaving.
'You know you're going to hell, right?'
'I'm already there, Leah, Joe replied.
Leah just shook her head, but he registered a brief moment of sympathy on Tess' face. A sad moment of pity for a crazy old man. The girls left the room and once the door was safely shut, the bland boys released him.
'Thanks, boys. I didn't realise either one of you had it in you, but you did a good thing. Now get out of here before my head explodes.'
It was the same feeling as the night before, when he had tried so hard to keep his focus on Mary, but had found it increasingly difficult to stop her from flying away towards the edge of the galaxy. The two boys were, like her, flung out of the door at speed and disappeared into the oblivion of bricks and mortar that made up Finchwood.

Joe wasn't sure how long he had been sitting with his head in his hands, but it felt like an eternity. Eventually the deafening silence in his head was broken by a tentative tapping at the door. At first he thought he'd imagined it, but then the door opened to reveal the Chancellor of Finchwood, Paul Torres. Paul was a small man, who still wore tweed suits for some unfathomable reason, and apparently still used generous amounts of gel to keep his hair in a perfect side part. Joe hadn't had too many dealings with the man since being hired. One of the main reasons hed allowed Harry to take the role of Faculty Head was to avoid contact with the Chancellor as much as possible. Paul looked at him nervously now, clutching a handful of papers in his hands. Paul had been scared of Joe since the first day he'd met him, but now he looked absolutely terrified.
'Joe, may I have a word?' he said softly, as if worried that Joe might try to bite his head off and drink his blood in an orgiastic ritual of death at any moment.
Joe nodded, rolling his hand in a magnanimous gesture to signify that Paul could enter the room.
'Are you feeling okay?'
'I've felt better. Listen, Paul, I know what you're going to say and I can assure you...'
'Actually, Joe,' interrupted the Chancellor, 'I'm not sure that you do. There's been some complaints against you.'
'That is what I thought you were going to say.'
Paul's cheeks flushed a bright red and he actually hiccupped. He had the look of a teenage boy asking out the girl across the street, despite being sixty four years old.
'There's a list here,' he said, offering a piece of paper to Joe, 'which details the complaints. Continued lateness, erratic behaviour, deviating from the set syllabus...'
Joe sat up, removing his hands from his face and ignoring to paper that was offered to him. There were red marks on his forehead from where his hands had been resting.
'Paul, you know Gabriel Armaita as well as I do. She's always been a difficult...'
'This is not just a problem student and you know it,' Paul said, looking intently at Joe to gauge his reaction, apparently worried that he might leap across the table and try and pull his spinal cord out through his chest.
'These complaints come from all five of the students in your European Literature tutorial, and today's incident is the worst of all. Attempted assault, verbal abuse. I mean, how am I supposed to take this?'
'With a grain of salt.'
'Two of your male students had to restrain you! I can't just ignore something like that. Now I realise your... situation and I know that it must be difficult, which is why I've made some allowances for you at Harry Tudor's request, but I really don't see how I can sweep this under the rug. This is a seat of learning.'
'Well a seat is inevitably filled by a variety of arses, which is exactly what has happened in this case. They're students, Paul. It's my word against theirs, Joe said.
'It's not that simple. There's talk of suing Finchwood. As the Chancellor, it is my duty to protect this institution from exactly this sort of bad press.'
'Suing? That's fine, Paul. Really. They can have a big fat lawgasm all over my face if they want but it doesn't change the fact that I've done nothing wrong. Who are you going to believe?'
Paul had a pained expression on his face, and he rubbed his hands together nervously. He glanced once more at the list of complaints and then placed it in front of Joe on the desk.
'In view of recent events, I have to side with the students,' he said, backing away almost imperceptibly as he said it.
Joe didn't say anything for a while and simply stared at the piece of paper. Everything on it was true, but what it didn't say was that he was provoked. Gabriel was not what she appeared to be. She was some kind of creature in disguise, sent to torment him. Somehow, Joe didn't think that explaining this to the Chancellor would help his case at all.
'Fine. What do you suggest?'
Paul had not expected the reaction. He had been ready for anger, a torrent of verbal abuse of the kind detailed in the complaint. This calm acceptance confused him. He felt like a naked man holding a newspaper on his front lawn just as he hears the front door slam shut.
'Well?' prompted Joe.
'Ahem. Well, I have some forms here that I need you to sign.'
'Right. And what are they?'
'They're... assurances. Just some legal stuff to assure the complainants that the matter has been dealt with. We need three copies. One for us, one for the lawyers and one for the complainants.'
Paul handed him the forms and Joe looked them over. It had some legal language book ending it, but it was, in effect, a notice of termination.
'You want me to resign?'
Paul shook his head.
'I'm afraid it's beyond that. I have to... that is to say... you're fired.'
Joe felt his heart skip a beat. He had been prepared for this, but it was still a shock to hear it coming from the tiny figure of Paul Torres.
'You need three copies of this? I'll tell you what, why don't you take these back to the complainants and tell them they can go fuck all three copies of their assurances. A mnage  triplicate.'
'Joe, it's out of my hands.'
Joe got to his feet.
'It's fine. You can fire me, but I am not going to sign those forms, so you can just forget about it. Now get out while I pack up my stuff.'
The Chancellor looked at him uncertainly.
'Get out!' screamed Joe, and Paul jumped back and then fled from the room, looking over his shoulder as he left, scared that Joe might fire a nail gun into his retreating rectum.
After he had gone, Joe calmly packed his notes back into his briefcase. It was only to be expected. He had gone too far. He had crossed the line and now he had paid the price with his job. It didn't matter that he had only told the truth. People didn't care about the truth. In fact, most people spent the majority of their lives trying to avoid it. They dug little bunkers to live in where the truth couldn't reach them. The truth that their government was corrupt and that human rights abuses were happening right under their noses. The truth that corporate culture was exploiting the poor to make the products that they purchased or that their children were selfish, worthless individuals. Most commonly of all they ignored the truth that they were unhappy.

That they were desperately, tragically, unhappy.






14



I don't really want to open my eyes, because I know exactly what I'm going to see and I don't know if I can handle it. There are noises, very familiar and yet only from the depths of memory. Noises I haven't heard or  wanted to hear in quite a long time. Eventually, I allow the lids to slide open and there in front of me is exactly what I was fearing the most. It's not my bedroom, but it looks the same. It's dark, but there's enough light to see by, coming from the open window and the early morning light outside. Evan grunts as he grinds away on top of Ada, whose breath is coming in short, panting gasps. I'm sitting in the chair at the end of the bed, which is strewn with their hastily removed clothing. Despite not planning to be here, I feel like a voyeur. I cough once to test the reaction. There isn't one, except for a slight increase in intensity.
'I love you, Evan,' whispers Ada between breaths.
Evan just grunts and carries on, like a terrier with a teddy bear. I get to my feet, trying to keep the noise to a minimum even though, as usual, they seem oblivious to my presence. Just as I reach the door I hear Ada climax with a throaty moan, and Evan follows almost immediately after, as if his own orgasm was dependent on hers. I stop, the door handle still in my hand, as Evan rolls over and they both lie side by side, sweaty and content.
'You know, I didn't want to be here. I'm not some sort of pervert.'
Ada snuggles up against him placing an arm lazily across his chest and starts to kiss his neck.
'That was nice,' she whispers.
'Uh huh.'
They lie there for a while, and although I want to leave I find that I can't. The bedroom looks so much like my own and the way that they're lying, as if there's nobody else in the world except for the two of them, reminds me of the first years of my marriage. That was back when we were actually in love and were naive enough to think that it would last forever. When we believed that love would be enough. I feel a strange sense of compassion for the two of them.
'Gavrilo Yama is going to kill you,' I say, willing one of them to hear me.
'Do you want a glass of water?' Ada says, sliding out from underneath the sheet.
'Uh,' replies Evan, and she touches his cheek with her hand before coming towards the door.
I'm momentarily distracted by the sight of a beautiful naked woman walking towards me and I don't get out of the way, so she stops just in front of me, as if she's forgotten something. It's exactly how Evan reacted when I tried the same thing with him.
'You know I'm here, don't you, Ada?' I say, trying not to stare at her breasts.
She looks at me, but she doesn't see me. Eventually she turns back to Evan.
'Are you hungry?' she asks him, and gets another affirmative grunt for her trouble.
'I feel like bacon,' she says, and reaches for a gown from the back of the door next to my head.
I'm grateful as she pulls it on, as it makes me feel less like a dirty old man, but I don't move out of the way.
'Ada. Gavrilo is going to kill Evan. Grey told him to do it. You have to get out of here.'
'What about eggs?' Ada says.
It's no use. I could stand here all day and she would simply come up with excuses for not leaving the room. She seems absolutely determined not to acknowledge me in any way, and I stand aside, defeated. She opens the door and walks out, without a care in the world and heads towards the kitchen. I decide that I should try Evan instead, and I go and sit next to him on the bed, where he has closed his eyes with his hands behind his head. Subtlety seems ineffective, so I lift up his head in one hand and slap him hard across the jaw with the other. His head buckles to the left from the force of the blow, but he only scratches his chin to deal with the slight irritation.
'Evan! You are going to die! Gavrilo is going to kill you with his ridiculously oversized gun. You have to listen to me!'
He begins to snore, so I punch him once in the stomach for my own gratification and follow Ada into the kitchen.

There's fat flying from the pan, and I can see now why she decided to put the gown on, as she is splattered with it. She's pushing the bacon around with a plastic spatula and singing to herself. It's an Irish folk song of some sort, and her voice is perfectly suited to it. She has a high, strong tone, with something distinctly sad in the timbre of the notes. It's one of the most beautiful things I've ever heard.
'Ada, shut up! I'm trying to sleep,' comes Evan's irritable voice from the bedroom.
Ada scowls, but she lowers her voice and sings under her breath. She cracks two eggs into the pan, and they sizzle and spit even more than the bacon.
'Can I ask you a question, Ada?'
I take her silence as a yes.
'Why did you marry that man? He doesn't seem to care about you. Does he ever tell you that he loves you?'
She continues to cook and I turn and walk back towards the living room, almost screaming in frustration. I can't see the point in my being here if I'm unable to affect anything. It's nothing but a cruel torture to be witness to things and have no control over them.
'He loves me,' she says.
I turn back to her, but she's still trying to flip the eggs without breaking the yolks, and she doesn't seem to have said anything at all.
'What did you say?'
She doesn't answer. I don't know why I expected any different.

I can hear Evan get up and stumble his way to the bathroom, so I decide to follow him instead. I'm getting desperate for attention now. The door is shut, but I open it to the delightful image of Evan, naked apart from his socks, sitting on the toilet with his head in his hands. He doesn't look up as I sit on the edge of the bathtub.
'How can I explain this in a way that you'll understand?'
Evan groans, and rubs his temples. He seems to have been drinking the night before, because I can smell the sickly smell of alcohol in his sweat.
'You are going to be killed. You need to get up right now and get out of here.'
Evan doesn't move, so I reach over him and flush the toilet. He shouts out as the icy water from the cistern invades him and he leaps to his feet.
'Jesus!' he shouts, and Ada comes rushing to the door of the bathroom.
'Evan, we may be married, but I don't think we're at the stage where you can take a shit with the door open. Let's preserve a little of the mystery, shall we?'
'Now that you're both here...' I say, and pick up the ceramic soap dish from the sink, hurling it as hard as I can at the mirror.
It splinters into a thousand pieces, and each of those pieces explodes into a thousand more, as they rain down from the wall and sprinkle the ground like snow. The frame of the mirror, a large wooden arrangement, wobbles on its hook and then it to falls to the floor, bouncing off the sink and splitting in half.
'That's seven years bad luck,' Ada says after they both sit looking at it for a while, neither one of them nearly as surprised as Id hoped they would be.
'Well I've only got four months left, so luck can talk to my estate,' I reply.

Evan and Ada sit eating their breakfast in silence, and I sit on the lounge. Lucy can see me, and Grey can see me, but nobody else can. What's the difference between those two and everybody else? It's making my head hurt to think about it, and for all I know there's no real answer. These are just dreams. They may be incredible lucid, and episodic for that matter, but dreams don't have to make sense. Trying to apply waking logic to dreams is a pointless exercise.
'What if I die? In here, I mean. I'm dreaming, so I can't really die.'
'It's good,' Evan says, cutting off another piece of bacon.
'Thanks.'
I stand up and walk over to the balcony, sliding the door open. It's a windy day and the gust blows some papers off the table where they're eating breakfast, but they don't bother to pick them up. Looking over the balcony I can see that the fall would probably be fatal, at least if I managed to land head first, so I clamber up onto the railing and brace my arms against the roof.
'I will do it,' I say, as they sit indifferently at their table.
Logically I know that I'm dreaming and therefore even if I throw myself from the balcony I will wake up in my bed, or in the shed and nothing bad will come of it. But trying to apply waking logic, as mentioned, is pointless. As far as I'm concerned I'm standing on a ledge, two storeys up and looking down at my own demise. My dreams over the past month have all seemed so much more real to me than anything that's happened while I'm awake that I find it hard to take the plunge.
'You know, I lost my job today and right now I'm more worried about a fictional character from my dreams trying to kill another fictional character from my dreams. And Evan, your sole reason for existence is probably nothing more than my subconscious trying to inform me that I'm a bad husband. Does that sound crazy to you?'
'Shut the door, sweet, there's a gust blowing in.'
'Huh,' Evan says, and in two steps, leans over and pulls the sliding door shut.
I almost feel like laughing. I know already that there's no way I'm going to jump to prove a point, because I'm not completely certain that I'm correct. The last thing I want is for reality to prove a point to me and have me die on the concrete below. I keep picturing the sound of impact, first an internal explosion of noise, reverberating through the skull and then bursting outwards. I imagine the sound becoming audible as it escapes through the fractured bone. It's simply the rational knowledge that I don't want to die but I feel like I've just lost a game of chicken with my own perceptions. I'm about to clamber down when I see a car pull up in the street below. I've been in that car before. I've sat in it. It has an aura of malevolence to it. It's too big, and too flashy. It's the automotive equivalent of the Magnum pistol that Gavrilo carries. The scar on my left hand begins to throb, trying to talk to me. The scar on my back joins in the chorus and I know exactly what they're trying to tell me.
'He's here,' I whisper.






15



Ganesh was a favourite restaurant of Joe's, or at least it was, back when things like that seemed important. It was small and cheap, and had replicas of sitars and tablas on the walls, as well as the obligatory framed picture of the Taj Mahal. It was its very shabbiness that Joe liked, and the fact that the food was genuinely spicy and not a watered down version for Westerners. Mary hadn't wanted to come, and to Joe's mind she seemed to come to this decision when he mentioned that Harry would be bringing a date, but he couldn't say for certain. Hed eventually talked her into it, although she seemed determined not to enjoy herself. She had dressed up nicely, far nicer than a restaurant like Ganesh warranted, and put on a small amount of makeup. She sat opposite him now, idly chewing on a piece of papad and sipping at her water.
'What time did you say?' she said finally, when the silence became too much to bear.
'Seven o'clock,' Joe replied.
It was six fifty eight by the clock on the wall. Mary reached across the table and straightened Joe's tie suddenly.
'What's the matter with you?'
'Well if Harry's bringing a date that we've never met then I want to make a good impression. Your tie was crooked,' she replied, although Joe could tell from her expression that she was far more worried about Joe's erratic behaviour than his tie.
He took another piece of papad and dipped it in the pickle, before again looking at the clock.
'Four seconds, three, two...'
Harry walked in the door as Joe mouthed the word "one" and Mary hit him across the arm.
'Best behaviour,' she whispered as Harry approached, with a young blonde trailing close behind him.
Joe's face broke into a broad grin when he saw the girl. She was a student, or at least she had been. She'd graduated the year before with honours, and one of her teachers had been Harry Tudor. Joe tried to recall her name. Susan something?
'Hi, Joe, Mary,' Harry said, kissing Mary on the cheek and shaking Joe's hand briefly. 'This is Anne.'
Anne, who was not called anything remotely similar to Susan raised her hand in a brief wave and smiled.
'Hi.'
Harry pulled her chair out for her and she sat down with a smile.
'You don't have to do that, Harry.'
'Of course I do. A beautiful woman should be waited on hand and foot.'
Joe snorted derisively and they both looked at him with distaste, as did Mary.
'Oh come on, Harry. Don't be so sleazy.'
'I'm not being sleazy,' he protested. 'I'm being chivalrous.'
'Well perhaps you are. You're handsome. Sleaziness only becomes chivalry if the person doing it is handsome. The ugly are always sleazy. I certainly couldn't get away with half the things you say.'
Harry seemed offended, and he looked to Anne for some kind of support, but she just nodded.
'He's right.'
Harry just sat down and raised his hands in a "don't blame me" sort of gesture.
'What can I say? We live in a superficial world.'
'I'm starting to think that might be true in a far more literal sense of the word than you imagine,' Joe replied.
Before anybody could ponder this, Joe turned his attentions to Anne. 
'I believe we've met before when you were a student at Finchwood.'
If Anne was embarrassed by this she showed no sign of it, but Mary's eyes widened at the revelation.
'Of course, Mr Finch.'
'Call me Joe.'
'Joe.'
'Well, we haven't ordered yet. I was thinking we could just order several dishes and share if that's okay with everyone. Do you like spicy food, Jane?'
'It's Anne, and, yes, I love spicy food.'
Mary forced a smile as Joe called over the waiter and ordered a variety of dishes. The waiter didn't even bother to write them down. He simply nodded and headed back towards the kitchen.
'So, what did you study at Finchwood, Anne?' Mary asked in her best politely-interested voice.
'Theatre and philosophy. But I also took a course in European Literature. That's how I met Harry.'
'Theatre? So do you want to be an actress?'
Anne nodded.
'Ideally yes. I've applied for NIDA, but what I really want to do is be in films. At some point I hope to go to Los Angeles and try and get an agent in Hollywood.'
Joe, who was sipping a glass of water as she said this, coughed as he suppressed a snorting laugh. Harry glared at him.
'I'm sorry, Catherine, I'm not making fun... It's just that you hear so much about people trying to make it in Hollywood and they end up being waitresses.'
The smile faded from Anne's face.
'It's Anne, and yes I am aware of that. The thing is, you need to know somebody, and I have a friend whose cousin knows a producer who works there.'
'Of course. What does he do?'
'It's mainly straight to DVD stuff, but I figure if I can make my mark there then bigger roles will follow. I'm not expecting to become a star overnight.'
'Straight to DVD? Are we talking about pornography, Margaret?'
'Joe!' exclaimed Harry and Mary simultaneously.
'My name is Anne, and, no, we are talking about feature films,' she replied tersely.
'Well I think it sounds marvellous. It must be nice to have such a sure idea of what you want to do at such a... young age,' said Mary.
Anne warmed up again and spent the next ten minutes chatting about the type of films she wanted to do and her favourite actors and actresses, none of which were remotely surprising. Joe didn't even feel the urge to make any further sarcastic comments, as the girl was too tedious to converse with. She occasionally touched Harry's arm when making a passing reference to him, but other than that the conversation was centred almost entirely on her. Joe had to admit that she was beautiful, but only in the modern glamour magazine sense of the word. A still photograph of her would have been beautiful, but in person she seemed unnatural. Her lips and cheeks had been injected with so many nerve toxins that she looked like she was having an allergic reaction to a bee sting. It was a huge relief when the food finally arrived, and Joe looked upon the table of naans, vindaloos and raitas with satisfaction. Not only was he about to enjoy his favourite food, but Anne had finally stopped talking. Everyone began to eat in silence, which is usually the sign of either a very good meal or very bad company. In this case it was both. Finally, once Joe had polished off the last of his bread, he decided that the time had come to tell his news.
'I don't know if you're aware of this, Harry, but Paul came to see me today.'
Harry shifted in his chair. He had obviously heard.
'Well I told you that he was fielding complaints.'
'Well he had a few more today, and the short version is, I was fired.'
Mary's fork dropped to the plate, and Harry's food paused halfway to his mouth as he waited for her reaction. Anne continued to eat.
'You were fired? What do you mean you were fired? What did you do?' Mary demanded.
'I was fired because I strayed from the syllabus.'
'Well to be fair, Joe, there was more to it than that,' said Harry.
'Well there was a bit more to it than that. I had to be physically restrained by two male students.'
'You what? I didn't hear about that.'
'Yes, Harry. I was trying to get a straight answer out of Gabriel Armaita and apparently I was a little too vigorous in my questioning.'
Mary placed her head in her hands, her distress plainly visible on her weary face.
'Oh Joe. What have you done?'
'I tried to warn you, Joe. I told you that Paul was having a hard time with these complaints and you go and do something stupid like that. Did you want this to happen?'
'I'm dead in four months anyway. I'd have had to retire soon regardless.'
'Exactly!' said Harry. 'My point exactly. You could have retired rather than forcing his hand. This way you've forfeited your pension. What's Mary going to do now?'
Mary still had her head in her hands, but Joe couldn't tell if she was crying or not. He had to assume that she was, as it was what she was liable to do in situations like this.
'I think I should...' Anne said.
'You stay right there, Bessie. It's fine.'
Anne shut her mouth and sat with her hands on her lap, like a schoolgirl who's just been told off, which is practically what she was. Mary looked up angrily. She was not crying.
'You were always so selfish, Joe. It was always about you.'
'About me? What about the baby, Mary? Do you remember that?'
'Oh Joe, don't,' pleaded Harry, but it was too late to take back what he had said, so he kept going.
'Do you remember what that was like? I didn't want to return to the house because I knew I'd just find you wallowing in self pity. I did everything for us then.'
'So what?' spat Mary with sudden venom, 'So what? You don't know what it was like. I wanted to have a baby so badly and to find out that I couldn't was devastating. I think I had every right to wallow in self pity, as you put it.'
'It wasn't just you! That's my point. It wasn't that you couldn't have a baby, it's that we couldn't have a baby. Do you think I didn't want a child?'
'I'm the one who was... incapable. You could have had a baby. There was nothing wrong with you. I know you resented me for that, so don't you dare deny it.'
Anne pushed her chair back.
'Sit down, Anne!' snapped Joe, and she did as she was told, perhaps because it was the first time he had used her correct name.
Harry didn't notice her. He was looking at Joe in disbelief.
'I didn't resent you for that, Mary. It wasn't an option for me to have a baby. You're my wife. I loved you. I said till death do us part and I meant it,' Joe continued.
'You loved me?'
'I love you. I meant to say, I love you.'
'Joe. This isn't helping anything. You're both under a lot of pressure at the moment and it's understandable that...' Harry's voice trailed away as Mary looked at him.
There were still no tears in her eyes, which was far more frightening than if she'd been bawling. Very calmly she wiped her mouth with her napkin and looked at Joe, silencing him with her demeanour.
'If you honestly believe that, Joe, then why did you say that this tumour is happening to you? If you die, then it happens to me as well. Don't you dare call me selfish when all you've been able to think about for the last month is yourself.'
Joe was about to speak again, but then he realised that there was nothing he could say to that. It was true, after all. One situation parallelled the other and in both cases, he had acted badly but to have it spelt out so plainly was horrifying. The room was beginning to lose focus again, and the three people around the table started to blend into their surroundings, so that they were not so much separate objects, but one large two-dimensional image, with none of the components any more significant than the others. Joe was aware that Harry was speaking again, but it was hard to make sense of what he was saying. Something about Dr Pontius...
'I know the surgery is dangerous, but Mary and I have been speaking to Dr Pontius and he's concluded that the pills are having little effect on the tumour. He's starting to suggest that maybe it would be better to have the surgery sooner rather than later.'
The room was spinning, or rather, it felt like Joe's head was revolving freely on his neck. He could see the other diners behind him, most of them quietly eavesdropping, and then Harry and Anne swung back into view, Harry looking earnestly sympathetic and Anne looking increasingly uncomfortable.
'Wait a minute, you've been talking to Dr Pontius? What have you got to do with anything?'
'I'm your friend, Joe...'
'I didn't want to go there alone. I couldn't face it, and you refused to even discuss it,' Mary said.
'Wait a minute. I don't need to have the surgery. There's another way. I've seen it.'
'Seen what?'
'I've seen the tumour. Mr Grey. I can get to him when I'm sleeping. You have to wait until I talk to him.'
As Mary's head slowly revolved past him, Joe could tell that she didn't believe a word he was saying. She had that same look on her face that Gabriel had had. She thought he was crazy, and if he was honest with himself, he knew that he probably was. As his head swivelled around again to the diners behind him, he recognised the people he had seen in the cafe several days earlier. A group of about six people, all dressed very formally. One was wearing a top hat and a monocle, and carving up a roast turkey whilst the others quaffed wine. As far as Joe was aware, Ganesh was not a restaurant that offered roast turkey. His head swivelled back around to Mary.
'Joe. Dr Armaita said that if he judges you mentally incompetent then we wouldn't need your permission. We could do the surgery anyway. But I don't want to do that.'
Mentally incompetent? Crazy sounded far better than that term. Crazy was less clinical and more accurate.
'It won't come to that, Joe. But you have to help us. You have to work with us on this,' Harry was saying.
One of the diners, a younger man in a tuxedo with a white woollen scarf hung around his neck suddenly seemed to choke on something. He grasped at his throat and began coughing violently, much to the indifference of the other diners. Harry slid into view again.
'It's not as dangerous as you think. Pontius said that whilst there is the possibility of complications, the chance of anything fatal is surprisingly low.'
'There could be paralysis...' Mary started to say, but Harry stopped her with a glance.
The choking man passed out face first onto his plate, and the man in the top hat laughingly pulled his limp body up onto the table, sending condiments and glasses flying. One of the women, the one who had urinated in the cafe, was in hysterics at the sight, and poured a glass of red wine down her throat, most of it running down her neck and onto her chest. When she was finished she threw the glass against the wall where it exploded.
'We're just saying, that you should think about it. It sounds bleak to say it, but there's nothing to lose and everything to gain.'
Anne was looking away towards the door and planning an escape, but she disappeared from view like a figure on a carousel as Joe's head continued to rotate. The man in the top hat had torn open the front of the unconscious man's shirt, and had taken to carving him up along with the turkey. He buried the fork in the chest, and began to slice huge, bloody slabs off the body. Joe felt his dinner rising up into his mouth as the man dished out the meat. The woman who had drunk the wine was now allowing one of the other men to pull down the front of her formal gown, and he was massaging her breasts with one hand, and drinking straight from the bottle of red wine with the other. He began to pour it onto her, as she accepted a lump of the raw flesh from the fork of the carver. She shoved it into her mouth, allowing the blood to run down her chin, and chewed it as the carver continued his work. Joe stumbled to his feet, bumping the table and spilling a glass of water as he did so, which Anne was quick to catch.

Outside, Joe pulled a packet of Acobapoc cigarettes from the inside of his jacket pocket. He had bought them that afternoon, as they were the cheapest brand he could find. He lit one and inhaled deeply, suppressing the need to cough. With that single drag the world came back into focus, and he was again standing on a street corner, in the city of Sydney, a living human male. One more drag and he was coughing, the macabre scene from inside the restaurant becoming little more than a fading memory, as in a dream. Soon after, the door swung open and it was Harry, looking sheepish.
'Hey Joe. Mind if I bum a fag?'
'Harry, what you do in the privacy of your own home is none of my business.'
'A cigarette, smart arse. Give me one.'
Joe handed over a cigarette and cupped his hand in front of the flame as Joe lit it. They both stood smoking in silence for a minute.
'That was pretty cruel,' Harry said finally.
'I know. I don't need you to tell me.'
They both smoked again for a bit longer, and Joe flicked his butt into the gutter, where it sizzled instantly in a small puddle that had gathered there from the rain of the previous day.
'I'm just saying, that's not like you. Not like you used to be. Have you given any thought to this surgery? Any thought at all?'
Joe laughed.
'Of course I have. I can barely sleep at night from thinking about it. Sometimes I just lie there for hours and imagine a circular saw eating into my skull.'
Harry was about to speak again, when the door to the restaurant swung open forcefully. Anne was standing there, her hands on her hips.
'Harry, I want you to call me a taxi,' she said.
'Fine, Margaret. You're a taxi. Now fuck off, grown-ups are talking,' Joe said.
Anne looked incensed, and then pulled her handbag up over her shoulder.
'Harry, don't call me again,' she said, and strode off down the street doing her best impression of a woman scorned.
Harry went to run after her, and called out her name a few times, but she didn't turn back, and he gave up the pursuit quickly. He threw down his own cigarette butt next to Joe's feet.
'Thanks for that, Joe. Thanks a lot.'
'Oh come on, Harry. What are you doing with a girl like that anyway? How old is she, twenty one?'
'She's twenty two.'
'She's a child. She was a student. Your student. You warned me about my behaviour getting me fired, and now I'm warning you.'
'I wasn't dating her when she was my student...'
'It isn't appropriate.'
'You're telling me something's inappropriate? That's a good one, Joe. Nice. But you're right, she's not for me. The sex was phenomenal, but I could barely stand to be in the same room as her if we had our clothes on.'
Joe didn't bother to respond, largely because the idea of Harry with his clothes off wasn't something he wanted taking up space in his brain. Harry reached into his pocket suddenly, and pulled out a small black box, covered with artificial leather.
'What's that?'
He handed it over.
'It's a retirement present. I was going to give it to you in there, but I don't suppose it matters now.'
Joe opened the box, and laughed when he saw the contents. It was a gold Rolex.
'A gold watch! You really thought hard about that one, didn't you?' he said.
'You're welcome,' replied Harry miserably.
Joe took it out and slipped it onto his wrist.
'Thank you, Harry. Seriously. It's fitting that you gave me a clich. My life is full of them these days. Is this a real Rolex?'
Harry's mood lifted slightly and he smirked.
'Are you kidding? Do you have any idea how much a Rolex costs? You know how much money we make.'
Joe couldn't help but laugh and Harry patted him on the shoulder and then pulled open the door with one hand.
'I'm going back in. Mary's been left sitting there alone,' Harry said, 'but I want you to promise me that you'll at least consider the surgery. For everyone's sake.'
He went back inside, leaving Joe to kick at the side of the footpath with his toe.

Later that night, after Mary had gone to bed, Joe crept out into the backyard to his shed. He worked for several hours into the morning, building the vertical poles that would form the tracks for the blade. This was the hardest part, to make a pair of tracks that were even and wouldn't catch. He sanded the grooves that he made with the roughest sandpaper he could find, but even after an hour or more of work, they still looked uneven. He managed to attach the uprights to the base and added the upper support, but the whole structure just looked flimsy. He pushed it with his shoulder, and the vertical poles leaned almost to a forty five degree angle. He wished that instead of cryptic messages, somebody had left him detailed guillotine blueprints, or perhaps even an Ikea guillotine kit and an Allen key. That would have been a lot more useful. He sat down in the corner and looked at what he was making. Despite the fragile nature of the structure, it was very clear what it was, and he knew that there was no way he could have the surgery at least until he'd finished this request. He had to see where this was leading, even if it was somewhere he didn't want to go.






16



I run down the stairs as fast as I can, and on the way up I pass Gavrilo and Lucy. Lucy smiles at me with her many teeth and holds out her hand, as has become her habit.
'Come with me and watch the fun!' she says.
Gavrilo is wearing his long leather coat and underneath it I can see the bulge of his revolver as he brushes past me on the carpeted stairs of the apartment building.
'What exactly did you do to your hand anyway? It looks like stigmata,' Lucy says, gesturing at the long jagged scar.
'Maybe I died for my sins,' I say, trying not to let her distract me from whatever it is I'm trying to do, whatever it is.
Lucy laughs and her blonde hair swishes around her shoulders as she throws back her head.
'Sometimes I think it would be a pity if you died. But not often.'
She pushes her thumbnail hard into the palm of my hand and I grimace and break away.
'There's one on the back of your neck as well,' she says as I run past her and Gavrilo to the top of the stairs where I slam the door to the apartment behind me and bolt it.
'Did you lock that door last night?' I hear Evan say to Ada from over by the balcony where they are still eating breakfast.
'I thought you did,' replies Ada, placing down her fork.
I reach up and feel my neck, and sure enough, Lucy is right. There is another raised scar, running the length of my neck. There is no pain with this one, which is why I didn't notice it, but it's yet another mystery. I can't help but wonder what I did to injure myself so severely in three different places.
There is a sharp knock at the door, three times in quick succession and Ada looks curiously at Evan and then gets up to answer it. She wraps her robe more tightly around herself and pushes past me to look through the spy hole. She pulls back her head and tries the other eye.
'Who is it? It's early,' Evan says, finishing off his tea.
'I don't know. I can't see anything,' Ada replies stepping back.
I put my own eye up to the hole and I can instantly tell that Lucy is covering it with her finger from the faint red light that shines through her blood vessels.
'Lucy! Let my peephole go!' I shout, desperate for Evan and Ada to realise the danger they are in, but all I hear is a faint, girlish giggling.
There is another loud authoritative knock on the door.
'Who is it?' calls out Ada, with a tinge of nervousness in her voice.
'This is Gavrilo Yama of the Excessive Violence Squad,' replies Gavrilo, and as he says it, the door explodes inwards, the wood cracking around the bolt and hitting Ada in the face.
She falls to the floor clutching her nose, and I can see a thin trickle of blood seeping out from between her fingers. Evan gets to his feet in surprise, but he is only wearing his boxer shorts and he looks far from intimidating as Gavrilo reaches underneath his coat and draws the revolver. Lucy is standing behind her father, her eyes sparkling. Her ears prick up at Ada's muffled moaning like Lassie hearing a child fall down a well. I move between Ada and Gavrilo, desperate to stop him but feeling completely powerless.
'Step aside, Mr Finch,' Lucy says politely, and Gavrilo turns to look at her.
'You talking to your imaginary friend again?'
'All friends are imaginary,' she replies.
Gavrilo enters the room, motioning for Lucy to close the mangled door behind them.
'What do you want?' Evan manages to stammer.
'Oh nothing much. Mr Grey has been so pleased with your recent courier work that he's decided to give you both a promotion.'
'It's a fabulous opportunity. This will be in all the papers,' Lucy adds.
Gavrilo flips open the chamber of his revolver and allows the bullets to fall into his palm. He then holds one up in front of him so that they can both clearly see it, and reloads it. Spinning the chamber he points the gun at Ada's head.
'One in six, Ada. Are you feeling lucky?'
Both Evan and I scream, and I turn my head away. Our screams drown out the clicking sound of an empty chamber. Lucy can barely contain her disappointment at the lack of splattered brains on the carpet. Evan rushes forwards but Gavrilo points the gun at him and he pauses.
'One in five, Evan.'
He pulls the trigger and this time both Ada and Evan let out a little cry of terror. The gun clicks again and Ada screams and then bursts into tears. Evan kneels down beside her and puts his arms around her, shielding her with his body.
'What's this all about? Whatever we did, I'm sure we can fix it,' pleads Evan as he examines the damage to Ada's nose.
It's slight, and already it has stopped bleeding, but there is clearly going to be a bruise. Gavrilo walks over to the table and places his revolver on it, surveying the empty plates.
'So this was your last meal,' he says. 'I hope it was a good one.'
'Bacon,' murmurs Ada.
I walk over to where Gavrilo is standing, whilst Lucy watches on in amusement. The others are still ignoring me but she seems fixated on what I'm doing, as well she should. I slide the gun to the edge of the table and remove the single bullet whilst Gavrilo is talking. He has his hands behind his back like an orator of old, pacing back and forth as he talks.
'There's a certain purity in death, don't you think? Life is so messy and uncertain. There are no definitive answers or actions and everything becomes just a matter of spin and faulty memory. But death! Death is pure. The way a person dies remains the same throughout the rest of time. It's a final, perfect moment that transcends the ambiguity of life.'
Lucy shakes her head with embarrassment as Gavrilo picks up the revolver again. He points it at the two, apparently aiming for Evan, who puts his hands in front of his face as if he means to catch the bullet.
'Um, Gavrilo?' she says.
'One in four... what? Interruptions. You know, that's what she was always doing. That's why she's dead, so I don't care if you don't like to hear it, because you are exactly like your mother!'
Lucy's eyes flash fire. There's a demonic glint to them, the opposite of the angelic light that shines from Gabriel. This is even stronger and brighter than truth; this is evil. Lucy just shrugs.
'Nothing.'
'Good. Okay, one in four,' Gavrilo says and pulls the trigger.
Evan and Ada scream again, but Lucy and I know better. She walks over to me and sits down cross-legged at my feet to watch the show.
'You two are lucky! I say lucky of course in a very narrowly defined sense. There are plenty of people luckier than you today, but in terms of just beating the odds you're doing very well. Of course, there's one thing you should always remember,' Gavrilo says. 'The house always wins. One in three.'
Lucy buries her head in her hands, and I think she may be laughing but I'm not entirely sure. The noise that she emits is low and growling and certainly not the kind of sound that normally indicates amusement. The revolver clicks, and even Gavrilo looks surprised this time. Just as he looks at the gun, Evan leaps to his feet, his pale, thin body, launching through the air towards Gavrilo with a scream of rage. Gavrilo looks up with plenty of time to spare and raises the butt of his huge revolver, smashing it down on Evan's approaching face. He crumples to the floor pathetically, like a puppet with its strings cut, and Ada places her hand over her mouth to suppress a scream. Gavrilo looks down on the figure at his feet and kicks him hard in the ribs.
'The survival instinct,' he begins, and Lucy groans at the tediousness of it all, 'is one of the strongest of all instincts. Stronger than sex, and certainly stronger than love. The thing you need to remember, my foolish little friend, is that it is based on survival of the fittest. You are not the top of this food chain. I am.'
'You are a fucking idiot,' Lucy whispers to herself, and I can't help but agree with her.
'One in two, children. Pray to whatever Gods will listen.'
The gun clicks once more and Gavrilo looks at it incredulously.
'This is absolutely unbelievable. I have never known anyone to make it right to the end...'
Lucy leaps to her feet with childlike enthusiasm and snatches the gun from his hand before he can stop her.
'You want to see something really amazing?' she says and aims the gun directly at his head.
'What are you doing?'
Click. Lucy throws the empty revolver back to him and he catches it with fumbling hands. He flicks open the barrel and looks inside. I can see the six empty chambers with sunlight pouring through them from the balcony window behind him. He checks the floor and the table and actually scratches his head, which is not something I've ever seen a confused person actually do before.
'Well where the hell is the bullet?' he says angrily, and Lucy points in my direction.
'He took it out while you were verbally masturbating.'
I hold up the bullet between my thumb and forefinger for all to see, and to my surprise, they all do. Evan and Ada look at me, their terror and confusion only heightened by my presence. Gavrilo is not so easily swayed. After a brief moment of bewilderment he takes a step towards me.
'And who the fuck are you?' he snarls, trying to snatch the bullet from my hand.
'I'm her imaginary friend,' I reply, and before either he or I know what is happening I thrust my head forwards and catch him on the bridge of the nose, knocking him to the floor.
He throws his hands to his face and they gush with blood, just as Ada's had done, but Gavrilo's flow is even more copious. Evan and Ada have gotten to their feet now and are backing towards the door. Both of them have bleeding noses too, but Gavrilo's is quite clearly broken. He lets out a torrent of abuse so foul that a pimp would blush, but he sounds muffled and nasal. He sounds like a man with a broken nose. Lucy looks at me and smiles but she makes no move towards me.
'Go downstairs. I'll be down there in a second,' I say to the terrified couple.
They both take one more glance around the room and then run away. I can hear their bare feet clattering down the stairs as I head into their bedroom. Lucy follows me in, standing coyly by the doorway and watching as I throw some random clothes and money into a briefcase, as well as a pair of shoes for each of them. Fortunately, Ada doesn't seem to be the kind of girl who balances herself on six inch spikes, so they both have sneakers.
'Where are you going to go?' Lucy says.
'Why would I tell you?' I say as I push past her, just as Gavrilo is using the table to get to his feet in the living room.
'Because I'll already know,' she replies.
I pause and look at her, and her eyes flash again. Her face is having trouble holding her true appearance at bay but I don't know if she's bluffing or not. I don't know what she is or what she wants, but there's no time to contemplate it now.
'Up north I suppose,' I lie.
Lucy stares at me placidly as Gavrilo reaches into his pocket and begins to reload the revolver.
'You're a dead man,' he says.
'Very possibly,' I reply and run from the room, hauling the suitcase behind me.






17



Armaita made a steeple with his hands, a cathedral vaulted monument to his own insightfulness, and rested his chin on it.
'Things have deteriorated.'
Joe didn't speak. He had seen Armaita often enough by now to know that it wasn't over yet. The man had showmanship, that was certain, and his pause was only for dramatic effect. Sure enough, he continued.
'Your wife called me yesterday and raised certain concerns. She says that you've stopped with the medication completely, some time ago in fact, and that you appear to have... given up hope.'
Joe shrugged.
'I never had hope. I've given up caring is more accurate. My problems don't amount to much on a larger scale.'
'You say this a lot, Joe. You seem to think that because there are people worse of than you in this world, that you don't deserve any better. Don't you see how destructive that is? There is always somebody worse off than you, that is a fact. There is always somebody worse off than them. I'm glad that you've accepted this, that is what we were aiming for, but there is a difference between accepting something and not caring about your own welfare.'
'Well, yes, there is. Accepting something means that you pretend you don't care any more as opposed to actually not caring.'
Armaita clucked like a chicken, which was supposed to indicate concern but didn't and Joe farted, quite surreptitiously. Although he didn't care what Armaita thought of him there were still certain social standards he adhered to.
'Mary asked me to sound you out on the idea of surgery. What do you think about that?'
'Well what do you think?'
'I'm not a surgeon, Joe, but it sounds like your best chance. It sounds like you at least have the chance of getting better.'
'Getting better? This morning, on the way here I saw fourteen people spontaneously combust from my window. Fourteen.'
'What do you mean, combust?' asked Armaita curiously.
'I mean they exploded. Or rather they disassembled violently into a sort of mist, leaving only their clothing lying in the street. Can you explain that?'
'Hallucinations. Brought on by the tumour.'
Joe considered this.
'Maybe. But maybe I've lost my mind already and even if the tumour doesn't kill me I'm going to end up living in a world of crazy that's no better than the death I'm supposed to be scared of.'
'Joe, I can't speak for the surgery, but I can tell you that you can get better mentally. There are people in this very building who were considered hopeless case not six months ago. In the upstairs ward there are nymphomaniacs, chronic depressives, sex offenders. Some of them could barely function around other people and had to be isolated, but now they've all come together and are actually going to put on a musical in the local community centre.'
'A musical? This is what I have to look forward to? Getting well enough to perform in a musical with some social misfits?'
Armaita unsteepled his hands from the cathedral formation and flipped them around to form some sort of frog. Or it could have been a bunny rabbit, Joe couldn't really make it out.
'No. You're far more functional than those people, Joe. It's simply an example of how much progress can be made...'
'So which musical is it? Is it a series of performances? You could have the nymphomaniacs doing Orgy and Bess and the chronic depressives could do Trs Misrables...'
'Joe, your need to denigrate everything is only a means of defending yourself against your own inability to deal with your problems...' started Armaita.
'The sex offenders could do Kiddie Fiddler on the Roof...'
'Joe, this gets us nowhere.'
Joe paused for a moment and then laughed. He had come to the realisation that the man sitting opposite him saw him as little more than an interesting case study. Perhaps somebody to write a paper on and submit to the monthly medical journal "Who Gives A Fuck?". But to him, Armaita was not just an aspiring psychiatrist. Although in person he seemed harmless enough, Joe knew that there was more to him than met the eye. Gabriel was his progeny, with her piercing eyes, and she had taken a part of him to make herself. There must have been answers somewhere in Armaita's head.
'Did you know I was fired?'
Armaita clucked again, but to Joe's disappointment, no egg rolled from his chair and cracked on the floor.
'I did.'
'Did my wife tell you that, or was it your daughter?'
Armaita looked rather uncomfortable all of a sudden, exactly the way a full grown psychiatrist might look if he was about to lay an egg, but again, Joe was disappointed.
'Gabriel?'
'Yes, Gabriel. You were aware that I taught her at Finchwood, I assume?'
Armaita weighed this information but didn't speak. He nodded very slightly.
'You are then also aware that I was fired based on a series of complaints she made against me, the latest of which including what she termed as threatening behaviour?'
'I was not aware that she was in your class until very recently. Our relationship is somewhat estranged,' said Armaita defensively.
'Nevertheless, do you not think that you being my psychiatrist is very unprofessional?'
Armaita hands were now joined only by the thumb, and they shook a little, so they appeared as a butterfly perched on a blade of grass. Joe had to concentrate hard to keep them situated on his wrists, and not flapping about the room randomly.
'Perhaps it was a little inappropriate, but I was unaware of this until three days ago, and now that you are no longer a teacher at that institution there is no longer a conflict of interest.'
Joe snorted.
'I attacked your daughter. At least that's what she's claiming. Why are you so keen to keep me here? Why don't you just refer me to somebody else?'
'Because I believe we've made real progress here and I think it would be a shame to waste that when I am perfectly capable of compartmentalising the different aspects of my life.'
Joe sat up very suddenly, and held up a hand to silence Armaita.
'Wait.'
He sniffed, long and deep.
'What is that?' he said.
Armaita looked at Joe, then around the room. He took a tentative sniff himself.
'I don't smell anything.'
'No, it's definitely there. It smells like, yes, I think it is. It smells like complete and utter bullshit. Tell me why you're keeping me on. Are you writing a paper on me?'
Armaita shook his head.
'No I'm not. Not at all.'
'So what is it then?'
He had replaced his hands into their steeple formation, and he tapped them against his chin, the fingers making a scraping sound on his beard as he did so. He finally placed his hands flat on the table as Joe had noticed him do several times before. It was as though the man knew a very convoluted form of sign language, but all he could use it to say was "I'm smarter than you". Finally he spoke.
'It's a book. You're one of the chapters in a book I'm writing. Don't worry, the names are all changed so nobody would be able to identify you.'
Joe smiled, and then laughed out loud.
'Hell, use my name if you like. Put my picture in as well if you want. Print my address, I don't really care. I just wanted to know.'
Joe did care. In fact he was absolutely furious, but there was no reason to let a psychiatrist, of all people, become aware of that.
'Listen, Joe, I shouldn't have said anything at all. It's quite unprofessional. I don't even have a publisher yet and besides that I'm not very comfortable talking about this.'
'Fine. Let's get back to talking about things that I'm uncomfortable with. What do you want to know?'
'Well, we mentioned in one of our earlier sessions that dreams can be a very revealing window into the psyche. Patients with brain trauma, or tumours, often have very vivid dreams.'
Joe looked around the room, at the dreary watercolour, at the desk, and at Armaita himself. Currently, at the height of concentration, all of those things were fairly tangible. The light coming in through the window hit the floor and cast shadows just as it should have. The leather of the chair beneath him felt real enough, and his hands clasping the wood of the armrests was definitely and undeniably there. He let himself relax for a second, ignoring Armaita's discomfort at his behaviour, and allowed it to slip. Sure enough, the armrests began to meld slightly with his hands, and the light from the window intensified and started to fill the room. The desk began to grow larger and larger, until it appeared that the figure at the far end of it was a hundred metres away or more. The world became vague and dreamlike. It was such a contrast to his actual dreams. They had a reality that was so much more real, and so much more true than anything he had experienced that it was hard to believe they were all in his head. After several minutes of contemplation, during which Armaita prompted him several more times from his great distance away, Joe finally made a decision. He snapped the world back into focus and proceeded to tell the doctor about his dreams. Right from the start, and omitting no details. His memories of the events in his dreams were clearer than the memories of what he had done that morning, so he didn't find it difficult. Armaita listened intently, sometimes taking notes in his scrawling handwriting, and sometimes just listening. When Joe had finished, Armaita sat back and put his hands on his head.
'So you felt no need to tell me any of this before?' he said finally.
'Not really. I don't see that you're in a better position to gauge their meaning than I am.'
'But I am, Joe. I'm a trained professional.'
Joe sat forward and put his elbows on his knees, steepling his hands in a mirror pose.
'Well let's see then,' said Joe. 'I assume you're going to tell me that all of these characters are simply representations of my own personality. Grey is the tumour, right? A faceless grey mass that terrifies me and yet seems to control every aspect of the world, whereas I am completely ineffectual. I assume that Ada is my caring nurturing side, Evan is my cynical angry side and Lucy is my desire to be a little girl again...'
'Actually I'm far more interested in the fact that the dreams are episodic in nature. You haven't had the same dream twice?'
Joe shook his head.
'And you said that Lucy is the only one of them that will talk to you?'
'Her and Grey, I suppose.'
'How real would you say these dreams feel? They're lucid, but are they vivid?'
'They feel as real as you and me sitting here right now but far less condescending.'
Armaita wrote down something else in his notebook, and Joe leaned forward across the desk when he was distracted. Just as Armaita looked up again, Joe snatched the book out of his grasp. The doctor looked stunned for a second but then stood up and rushed around the table to retrieve it. It was too late, Joe had already read what he wanted to and he threw it back on the desk with a scornful look.
'You shouldn't have done that.'
'I just wanted to know what you really thought. Do you honestly believe that I have possible psychosis and that my dreams may be indicative of some deep-seated childhood trauma?'
'Those are merely possible...'
'Because I can tell you, I don't think my childhood is of any significance at all. It's nothing but a series of happy little postcards, sent to me long ago and only recently arrived. I mean, is it really just as simple as saying that Evan and Ada are just a reflection of my own dissatisfaction with my marriage, and that Gavrilo is the tumour trying to kill me? Or Evan, who represents me? What is Lucy then, in your opinion?'
'Lucy? She might be the child...'
'Oh right, the child we never had. Of course, I should have worked that one out for myself.'
Armaita sat back in his chair and shrugged.
'You know, Joe. It might not mean anything. Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.'
Joe sat back in his chair and shrugged as well, as it seemed to be what was in fashion.
'Well true. But sometimes it means you secretly want to suck a great big cock. It's a bit convenient to pick and choose the bits you want to make significant and say the rest is all random. You brought up this pseudo-scientific quackery. Why?'
Armaita seemed reluctant to answer, and he used his long-winded sign language to tell Joe before finally deciding to use words.
'I'm reluctant to answer that.'
'I'm reluctant to die but we don't always get to do what we want. Why?'
'Your wife mentioned to me that she's noticed your sleep has been very disturbed. That you talk, or sometimes scream in your sleep and that you rarely appear rested when you wake up. She said sometimes it seemed like you were having another seizure.'
'Well that's true enough,' admitted Joe.
'She also said that you mentioned to her in a restaurant that you didn't want to go through with the surgery because you thought you could get to the tumour another way. While you were sleeping. She said you mentioned this Mr Grey.'
Joe was silent for a moment. He'd forgotten that he'd mentioned that to Mary. It was one of those moments of madness that seemed to creep up on him so often recently and leave little trace in his memory. Like the confrontation with Gabriel. They were things he knew of, but they somehow forced themselves away towards the back of his mind. The back of his mind where a tumour was steadily growing.
'I just don't want you to make your decisions based upon... delusions. However real these dreams may feel to you, they are nothing but dreams. They may reflect anxieties, but they are not real. You're inventing this as a way of avoiding surgery. Your mind simply doesn't want to face facts and so you've come up with an alternative. But Joe, it's not real, and however much you would like to believe that you can think your way around this problem, it is a physical problem in the real world, and it's something you have to face.'
Joe was still quiet. It was becoming increasingly clear to him that his life was slipping out of his control. It seemed that everybody around him was conspiring to make his decisions for him. Mary and Harry, Armaita and Pontius, they all knew more about what was going on than he did. It shocked him that he had become so detached as not to notice the mechanisms of deceit that were grinding him down day after day.
'I'm not getting the surgery,' he whispered.
Armaita grimaced and wrote something down in his pad, holding it close to his chest because he was afraid that Joe might again try and snatch it from him. He looked like a man in a prison cafeteria.
'You are aware that I can judge you mentally incapable of making that decision.'
'Yes, I'm sure. And you don't want to do that, right? You want to help me and make me see that it's the right choice?'
'More or less.'
Joe stood up and turned to leave the room. Armaita did not stand up, but he did call out to him. Joe didn't stop and went out into reception, where the younger receptionist, Diana, was looking at him strangely. The intercom was on, and Joe could hear Armaita's voice coming through it. It was wheezy and faint through the tinny speaker. It was little more than static reluctantly forming itself into words.
'Joe. Where are you going?'
Diana obliged and held down the button for Joe to speak.
'The way I figure it, the more I talk to you, the more reason you have for finding me mentally incompetent. I'm cutting my losses.'
The speaker wheezed as Diana removed her finger from the button, her eyes never straying from Joe's face.
'It doesn't work like that. You need to come back in here and sit down. If I chose to, I could sign the papers right now and it would be accepted. We need to work together on this. I am not an adversary.'
Joe nodded for Diana to press the button again.
'And I am not just some character in a book.'
'You said that you didn't care about that...'
He walked out of the room without waiting for Armaita to finish. From the hallway he could here the tinny sounds of the intercom but then he heard Diana's voice, indifferently saying that the patient was gone. Joe took out his mobile phone and called Harry, but there was no response. He still had an appointment to see Dr Pontius immediately after his session, but that was half an hour away. He already knew what it would involve. An urging to get the surgery now, and veiled threats of being forced to if he didn't comply. He called Harry's office phone instead but got no response except for the annoying automated message service.
'This is Harry Tudor, Faculty Head of European Literature for Finchwood Academy. I'm afraid I'm having sex with Joe's wife at the moment but if you'd like to leave a message after the beep I'll get right back to you.'
'What did you say?' Joe said incredulously after the beep. 'Harry! I know you're there! Stop talking to my psychiatrist. It's none of your business if I die!'
Joe threw his phone onto the ground and was about to stamp on it in a fury of righteous anger, but then he realised it was actually a fairly useful gadget to have, and not exactly cheap, so he picked it up and made sure that it was still working after its short trip to the floor. It was, although the signal was weaker than American beer, so he slipped it into his pocket and ran down the hallway towards the lifts. Pontius would have to wait.






18



On the way home, Joe tried to ignore the sight of a street sweeping machine, pushing mounds of aborted babies into the gutter. It was difficult, but he managed it. Harder was when the man opposite him liquefied and splashed his shoes, leaving only a damp suit and a gold filling. Joe doggedly read his newspaper even as a shark swam around Martin Place near the bus stop and scooped pigeons out of the air with its gaping jaws. His mind was focused on only one thing. Harry was having sex with his wife right now. If he could catch them in the act then perhaps everything he had thought up to this point was true. They both denied the affair so vehemently and told him that it was simply the delusions of his infected mind, but that didn't mean it wasn't true. What perfect cover for them both to carry on with reckless abandon, and then to simply blame it all on delusion. Eventually the bus pulled up at his stop, and Joe put down his newspaper and stepped out onto the street. His house was only a short walk away, and he moved quickly. He stopped short when he came across a black Mazda with the personalised numberplate "FACHEAD". It was Harry's car. Joe put his face up to the window and shielded his eyes from the sun with his hands. There wasn't much to see, just a file on the front passenger seat and what looked like an open condom wrapper on the floor. Joe looked around the street to make sure he was alone and then picked up a small rock and put a hole in the window. No alarm sounded and nobody emerged from their house, so he reached inside and took out the folder. He flipped it open and saw that most of it was nothing more than a lesson plan for the following day. Nothing too exciting at all, until right towards the end when a few loose pages slipped out, none of which had been held in place by the small metal bull clip. Joe picked them up off the ground and threw the rest of the folder back inside the car. They were legal documents of some sort although they appeared to be photocopies. Joe could tell this because the stamp across them that said "Do Not Copy" had not copied particularly well. He laughed when he read the first one. It was the initial complaint that Gabriel had made to Paul Torres. He skimmed through it. There was nothing particularly new. Words stuck out such as "unprofessional" and "unproductive" as well as "unctuous" and for some reason "undeniable", "unacceptable", "undulating" and, for some reason, "unicorn". Joe threw the paper back into the car on top of the folder. It was difficult to read anything these days, with his focus so prone to wandering off into the infinite. The next page was from the two girls, and one of them had idiotically signed with a smiley face inside the letter e. It was more about how he was "so totally rude" and "like, he's just lost it or something". It occurred to Joe that if he had perhaps been a better teacher then the two girls may have been able to form coherent sentences, but it was a long shot in any case. Somebody walked past at that moment, a young man, perhaps even a teenager, wearing a black hoody and smoking a cigarette. He almost stopped when he saw Joe standing next to a broken window with a pile of documents in his hand, but Joe growled slightly and let out a little yap like an angry dog. The teenager threw his cigarette to the ground and stomped it out, moving away without saying a single word. The next page was from the bland boys, who had also decided to write their complaint as a pair. It was filled with words like "possibly" and "slightly" and terms like "perhaps it would be better" and "difficult time dealing with". It was the most tentative and innocuous complaint letter ever written, and it was clearly only done after Gabriel had coerced them into it. Neither one had the initiative or the inclination to rock the boat, but with the boat already ready to capsize, Gabriel must have only had to give them a small amount of encouragement to push it right over. That page missed the window and fluttered down onto the ground and Joe was holding in his hand the final page. He had assumed that it would be the same paper that Paul had shown him, indicating his termination of employment, but it wasn't. It was another complaint. The bottom was signed 'Harry Tudor'. He felt the wind knocked out of him and as he began to read and it only got worse. It was diplomatic, there was no doubt about that, but it also said in no uncertain terms that as the Faculty Head of European Literature, it was Harry's opinion that Joe be suspended immediately from duty. The worst part of the whole paper was the date. It was two weeks old. Two weeks before his actual termination, Harry had been pushing for it. To his credit he had been suggesting full pension benefits, but it was still a betrayal. He flipped over the page and, inevitably, there was a message scrawled across the back of the paper in thick black ink.
IF YOU LOSE YOUR HEAD WHEN ALL AROUND ARE KEEPING THEIRS THEN YOU'LL LIE IN BED NO MORE
It wasn't really plausible to think that Harry had written all those messages, but the thought did flash through Joe's mind briefly. He threw the note to the ground, just as somebody was finally emerging from their house. It was an old man, and he was still wearing slippers and a dressing gown despite it being late in the afternoon. He stood on the front step, with one hand on the door, ready to go back inside quickly, or at least as quickly as an artificial hip and severe gout would allow him to.
'I've called the police,' he said shakily, his voice little more than a breath.
'Good, you should probably call an ambulance too, I'm not sure exactly how I'm going to react,' Joe said, as he walked the three doors up the road towards his house. On the way up the front path he kicked over a garden gnome, neatly decapitating it and snapping off its fishing pole.

It had seemed like a fairly good idea at the time, but once Joe was actually halfway up the drainpipe, the idea was losing its appeal. He'd crept around to the back of the house, hoping to make his way in through the bedroom window without leaving either of them any time to make excuses, or the bed for that matter. The bedroom window was open but there was no noise that he could hear coming from within. Joe struggled up to the top and placed his hand on the gutter, wincing at the noise it made and sweating profusely. His arms strained as he hauled himself up onto the small awning of roof tiles that led across to the window, and as he grasped at one, it slipped and fell to the concrete below, smashing into multiple pieces like a mirror. Now there was a sound from the bedroom, a kind of gasp and a brief thump as if something had fallen to the floor. Joe hauled himself to his feet and stumbled across the roof to the window, sticking his head in like a curious Labrador. Mary was in bed, the covers pulled up over her naked torso, with the television remote in her hand. The television had only just come on, and it appeared to be a special about cheating spouses caught on tape. Mary looked flustered and surprised, because she was.
'Joe!' she exclaimed. 'I wasn't expecting you home so early.'
'I'll bet you fucking weren't!' replied Joe, easing himself in through the window and landing heavily on the carpeted floor of the bedroom.
'What are you doing climbing in the window?'
Joe paused, placing his hand on the sill and trying to catch his breath. He raised a finger to indicate that she should wait a moment, which she dutifully did.
'A more pertinent question is what are you doing in bed naked in the afternoon?' he said once his heartbeat had slowed sufficiently.
Mary glanced around the room nervously and then attempted to shrug nonchalantly. The gesture was so exaggerated in its purposeful lack of exaggeration that it looked ridiculous.
'I've been depressed, Joe. Sometimes I can't even be bothered getting up.'
'I know the feeling. I'll just hang my coat and maybe I'll join you.'
He took off his coat and walked over to the cupboard, ignoring Mary's yelp of protest as he did so. Opening the door he saw the thing he most wanted to and most dreaded seeing. Harry Tudor was completely naked, and from the looks of it he'd only had a few seconds to find a hiding place because he still had a fairly impressive erection.
'Hi, Harry,' Joe said, hanging his coat on his friend's member, which was rapidly becoming flaccid, before closing the door again.
Mary's face had become white, and she'd sat up in bed. She couldn't stop staring at the cupboard door, even as she spoke.
'I'm so sorry, Joe. I know this must come as something of a shock...'
'Actually, this is the least surprising thing that's happened to me in quite some time.'
The door fell open, and Harry emerged, holding Joe's coat across his waist to hide his shame. He looked absolutely defeated.
'So, how long?' Joe said to Mary.
Mary paused, mulling over the question despite its very specific nature.
'What do you want me to say?'
'Well I'm not asking for his measurements, Mary! How long as this been going on?'
There was another pause, and then Mary's eyes glassed over and she began to cry.
'Joe it's been so hard recently, that...'
'How long?'
Mary was too distraught to answer, and she placed her hand over her mouth to stop whatever words were screaming at the gates, from escaping. Many seconds passed before she spoke.
'Three years.'
'So when you say it's been hard recently you're talking more in a geological sense then? Three years!?!' Joe exclaimed-question-marked-exclaimed.
Then something curious happened. He hadn't expected it, and he couldn't explain it, but Joe laughed out loud. At first it was just a slight chuckle, but then it came faster and harder, and suddenly he could not stop himself. He was laughing almost hysterically, but there was no humour to it at all. It was the laugh of a man who has just seen his expensive sports car crushed through a series of highly improbably but undeniably comical coincidences. However Harry and Mary had expected him to react, this was not it. They both stared at him, waiting for him to stop and sharing scared looks over his head when he didn't. Finally he stood up, wiping his eyes and walked from the room, clapping Harry across the shoulder so hard that he flinched.
'Three years,' he repeated, chuckling, and made his way downstairs.

By the time the adulterous duo had managed to get themselves clothed and emotionally stable enough to come downstairs after him, Joe had already made three cups of coffee. He was sitting at the table, sipping thoughtfully on his and staring at the basket of pinecones in the centre of the table. Mary entered first, her face wet from where she had splashed water on it.
'You know, I never told you this before, but I hate these pinecones. I think they're tacky and they look like they belong in some kind of home furnishings catalogue. You know the ones; filled with the kind of things that people buy when they don't know what else to do with their time or money. The kind of things that if you actually put them in your house you may as well just get "emotionally unfulfilled" tattooed on your forehead. Although now, come to think of it, that makes sense...'
'Joe. You don't understand. Please let me try and explain.'
Joe sipped his coffee and shook his head congenially.
'No wait, please let me try and explain. Let's see how well I do. When we first got married, you admired me for my stability, combined with a slight dreamer quality. You knew that I could provide for you but at the same time I could surprise you occasionally. As the years progressed things only got better, but then, when we discovered that we could never have children, everything changed. Even after supposedly recovering from that particular shock it became clear that things had been as good as they were ever likely to get and anything left between us could only be a decline. From that point on, the things I used to do which you once found endearing, became annoying. The things that provided you with the stability you married me for became boring, and my own stagnation removed the dreamer quality entirely from my personality. We stopped having regular sex, which had, previous to that been more of a habit or a chore than anything else anyway. Being a woman, with a womans desires, you could not be satisfied with this situation, and so turned to someone who reminded you of me as I once was. Harry, having a similar but better job with more responsibility whilst still retaining a certain schoolboy charm, became that someone. He was the simplest, because he was closest at hand, as it's difficult for a middle-aged married woman to get out and meet eligible men. This was combined with the fact that Harry is a bachelor and so the guilt would only come from betraying me and you would not be troubled by betraying Harrys spouse also. You were never too bothered by Harry's girlfriends before that because you knew that there was nothing much to it and he would always come back to you. You didn't feel the need to have him all to yourself because you felt that would be hypocritical whilst you were still married to me. Then, when I went, what Im sure you would colourfully describe as, "stark raving bonkers", you two found comfort in each others arms more than ever. You needed someone to help you cope with dealing with me, and Harry was the obvious choice. The bond became very close indeed and you fell in love, rather than just having a mutually comforting physical relationship. It became something deeper. So despite the fact that this started long before my illness, I have nobody to blame but myself for being so distant with you for all these years. You always felt like I blamed you for not being able to get pregnant, and if I had just been a bit more understanding about what you were going through then this never would have happened. Do I understand? Is my comprehension of the situation satisfactory or is there something you would like to add?'
Mary had not tried to interrupt him and had even sat down during the speech. She looked at the coffee Joe had made for her and took a sip.
'No,' she said quietly. 'That pretty much covers everything.'
Harry was still standing in the doorway, scared to fully commit to entering the room, but when Joe noticed him there he gestured for him to come and sit down. Harry looked to Mary for confirmation, and she nodded. Even when he did enter, he came in very tentatively with his hands raised slightly in front of him to show that he wasn't a threat, or possibly to protect himself from physical attack. He even sat down on the edge of his seat in a way that Hollywood blockbusters so rarely make people do, despite their promises. Joe gestured to the steaming mug on the table in front of him.
'Have some coffee.'
Harry looked at the mug warily.
'Don't worry. I haven't poisoned your coffee. You're as bad as Gavrilo.'
'Who's Gavrilo?' Harry managed to say, taking a sip.
Joe shrugged.
'He's a career criminal. Assassinations and beatings. Hired muscle really.'
Joe noticed the look they gave each other, but he also noted that neither one of them questioned the comment any further. It appeared that he really was in the driver's seat.
'So why did you do it, Harry? I know why Mary did it, but why you?'
Harry gaped like a fish, and Joe had the desperate urge to stick him in a bucket of water or at the very least, gut and scale him with a fillet knife. He eventually lowered his head and stared at the table.
'I just... I don't know. I guess I wanted what you had. Something real. I got so sick of just having empty sex with this constant stream of younger women that I had nothing in common with.'
'Yes, that must have been hell for you. My sympathies.'
Harry looked up sadly.
'I'm sorry. I used to come around just to see Mary sometimes if you were working late. Nothing happened at first. Sex wasn't the motive for me coming round, it really wasn't, but I should have known that  my baser instincts would take over. I never meant for it to go so far.'
Joe nodded wisely, like a serene Buddha, and finished off his coffee with a satisfied gulp.
'So is that why you bought me this watch? Some kind of guilt gift?' he said, shaking his wrist to illustrate the point.
'No. I bought that as a present. I never meant for any of this, Joe.'
'Maybe so. I'll tell you what I think, though. The only outdated instinctive behaviour amongst humans thats more destructive than sex is war. In the long run, they both bring about nothing but suffering and a mess that needs to be cleaned up. But at least when a war finishes the entire world has changed. When sex is finished, the only thing thats changed are the bed sheets. But you didn't just declare sex on my wife, Harry, you also declared war on me. You changed my sheets and my world.'
Joe waited to see what kind of reaction his comment would have but it was not exactly as he had hoped. Joe reviewed what he had said in his mind and had to admit that the meaning had somehow been lost in the journey between his brain and his mouth. Their bemusement was heaping up against him now in huge drifts and he struggled to shovel it out of the way.
'Harry, you recommended to Chancellor Torres that I be fired. That is an act of betrayal far greater than this.'
Mary looked stung for a second, and then lashed out and slapped Joe across the face. It connected with a solid thwack, as if there was a sound engineer hiding nearby.
'How can you say that? And what did you do, Harry?' she said, suddenly realising that now she was angry with both men.
'It was for your own good. I was trying to save your pension. Paul had come to me several times telling me that if I couldn't keep you in line he would fire you. I thought that adding my own concerns to the complaints might allow you to leave gracefully.'
'You could have stood up for me,'
'I couldn't!' protested Harry. 'I could not save your job. There was nothing I could do. You were and are incapable of teaching any more. Nothing I said would change that. I came to you repeatedly suggesting you take a leave of absence and you refused. I told you that very day, the morning of that class where you got fired. I was trying to help you, and you refused to let me. I wanted what was best for you, but you wouldn't let me.'
Joe sat back in his chair, regarding Harry coolly. Mary seemed mollified by the answer and was looking at Joe expectantly.
'Well, that may well be true and it sounds quite reasonable, so thank you for that. But you still slept with my wife!'
'I thought that wasn't much of a betrayal,' Mary said sulkily.
Joe suddenly realised that although just moments before he had been in what he liked to term the driver's seat, he had somehow put himself back on the defensive. There were very few people in the world who could take a situation like walking in on an adulterous spouse and somehow still end up being the one in trouble.
'You weren't trying to help me, anyway. Nobody is selfless. Nobody does anything for anybody else.'
'That's not true, Joe.'
'Yes it is. Everyone is base in nature, and if some of them manage to pull themselves out of the shit and act respectably it's only because they want to feel selfless. That desire is selfish in itself. If it didn't feel so damn good to think of yourself as being selfless then nobody would do it!'
They gave each other the "what the hell" look again, so Joe decided to let it slide. If he could lose his head whilst all around were keeping theirs...
'Then I'll lie in bed no more. I made my bed, it lies in me...' he whispered, ignoring the fact that the "what the hell" look had intensified by a factor of three.
'The search for truth makes lies of us all. Let dead men lie where dead men fall. Try and remember his childhood? How can he? Joe Finch does not exist.'
'Joe? Are you feeling okay? You're starting to scare me,' Mary said, trotting out the same phrase she had used so often in recent times.
As her hand touched his own he realised that he was shaking wildly. He tried to keep his hand from moving but it refused to obey. Before he allowed himself to slip out of the moment, Joe struggled to his feet.
'Joe? Where are you going? We need to talk about this.'
Joe shook his head and waved his hand over them in a perverted sort of blessing.
'You're both forgiven. Harry, I need to borrow your car.'
Harry shook his head.
'I don't think that's a good idea, Joe. You're not looking very well. Perhaps we should take you to the hospital again.'
'I'm never feeling well. I can't last more than an hour or so without the world slipping away. It happens every time.'
Joe reached into his coat pocket and pulled out the bottle of pills that Pontius had given him.
'You should take one, Joe. They were working,' Mary said, but Joe threw the pills at the kitchen bench where the lid came off and scattered the floor with a delicate layer of placebos.
'What about localised radiation treatments? They might do the trick as well!' Joe said, still fumbling for something in his pocket as he stuck his head in the open door of the microwave.
It refused to turn on with the door open, a ridiculous safety feature that was all too typical of the nanny state in Australia, so Joe gave up. He finally managed to get a cigarette out of his pocket and put it in his mouth and lit it. Mary still managed to be surprised at this, in spite of everything else.
'You smoke?'
'Sure. Not so many people do these days. We're a dying breed. Emphysema mainly, but frankly I'm not too worried about it.'
He exhaled deeply and felt the world coming back. Acobapoc cigarettes; they worked a thousand times better than any of Pontius' pills or Armaita's psychobabble. Perhaps because they bought him one step closer to death. Joe took another long drag and then noticed that Mary and Harry had both stood up. Harry had his arm across Mary's shoulder in an infuriatingly intimate way as they both edged towards him cautiously. There was at that moment a fortuitous knock on the front door which made everybody turn and look at it. There was another brief knock and Joe finally went to the door and opened it. Standing there were two men in black trousers and white shirts, wearing name badges. One said 'Elder Schofield' and the other said 'Elder Poe'. They were both rather clean cut looking men of no more than twenty five, with crew cuts and blond hair and square jaws. Joe looked at them expectantly.
'Hello, sir. We're from the Church of Latter Day Saints and I was wondering if you'd like to let Jesus into your home.'
Joe glanced back at Harry and Mary, who were now subconsciously touching fingertips for comfort. He felt his calm starting to crack.
'Now's not a very good time. But fuck it, I'll go have a beer with him. Where is he, waiting in the car?'
Joe made to leave the house, placing an arm around each of the Mormon's shoulders.
'Joe, I don't think you should be going anywhere right now...' Harry said, but as soon as his hand connected with Joe's shoulder something snapped.
A switch went off in Joe's brain with that tactile contact. Before that, Harry had just been a part of a picture. A horrible melodrama that was playing out in front of him, but with the touch of his hand on Joe's shoulder, suddenly he was more than that. The hand that rested on Joe's shoulder was the same hand that had caressed his wife. It was the same hand that had held her cheek as he kissed her and it was the same hand that had shaken his politely almost every week when he arrived for dinner for the last three years. It was too much, and Joe pushed him aside and stormed into the kitchen. He tore open the top drawer and pulled out a large, wooden-handled kitchen knife. He spun around, brandishing it with a white-knuckled fist. Mary screamed and the two Mormons shuffled backwards.
'You two stay right where you are,' he hissed, and they paused awkwardly against the door frame.
'Joe, put the knife down, you don't know what you're doing.'
'True enough,' Joe said and lunged towards Harry, who placed himself in front of Mary for protection.
'Don't hurt me!' he screamed and Joe paused, looking at his friend cowering in front of his terrified wife and the knife in his hand.
Then, he felt ashamed for the terror he was putting them through. But he didn't really give a shit about the Mormons. Only God can do that.
'Well I have to hurt someone!' he screamed and looked around the room wildly, before spying his own hand as if it was exactly what he'd been looking for.
What better way to punish himself for all the evil he had done in his life? As Lucy had said, it looked like a stigmata, so perhaps that's exactly what it was.
'You're Jehovah's Witnesses, right?' he said to the two men cowering in the doorway.
Elder Schofield was white with fear, although his cheeks were flushed and sweaty.
'Yes, sir,' he managed to stutter with a trembling lower lip.
'Good. Then witness this.'
Joe took the knife and plunged it into and through the skin, feeling it skitter off bone as it passed by. A trail of blood instantly hit the linoleum of the floor and a sharp pain went surging up his arm and hit his heart, before exploding out to the rest of his body with intense white heat.
'Jesus Christ!' he screamed in agony, but if Jesus was waiting in the car he certainly wasn't coming to help.
The two Mormons took this as their cue to leave and both ran from the house, leaving a scattering of "Watchtower" magazines in their wake. The flyscreen was left swinging, and the wind outside banged it against the outer wall of the house. Mary had stopped screaming and passed out, and Harry was supporting her but staring at Joe in horror. Joe looked at the knife in his hand, hissing and swearing as if the short staccato sounds were dispersing the pain that consumed him.
'You have to leave it in,' suggested Harry, but Joe was long beyond the realm of helpful hints and suggestions, and he reached down and grasped the handle, wrenching it free.
'Oh my God!' he screamed again as the bleeding intensified from the now open wound that smiled at him with its fleshy lips.
Harry looked as white as a sheet, and he allowed Mary to drop to the floor gently, completely comatose.
'Will you look at all that blood?' Joe said, feeling the colour draining from his cheeks as it flowed onto the floor.
Joe finally found the presence of mind to grab a tea-towel from the little wooden hook beneath the duck in the raincoat and he wrapped it around his hand, tightening the knot with his teeth. Harry was still looking on, but the only movement he made was a slight trembling.
'You know, Harry, I think this vindicates me. Everybody said I was crazy, but here you are having an affair with my wife.'
Harry pointed at the bloodied floor with his trembling hand, his eyes never leaving Joe's.
'You just stabbed yourself in the hand, Joe. You are crazy. You need help.'
Joe looked at his wound again. The pain had subsided curiously quickly, although he could still feel it. He found that it hurt more when he looked about it, and that when he was concentrating on Harry he could almost forget it was there. This sensation went against his entire knowledge of knife wounds which, granted, was relatively meagre. What it did was vindicate his idea that reality only existed if he focused on it. The same force that sent people blurry at the edges and flying off into the cosmos of perception was allowing his pain to trail away around him, like the rings of a planet, too far away to affect him. He decided not to tell Harry this, because it seemed a fairly complicated concept that he would have trouble grasping. Besides which, there was the sound of a police siren in the distance.
'I guess I'm going for a walk,' Joe said, and before Harry could stop him he was halfway down the lawn, just passing the fallen garden gnome, with the door slamming shut behind him.






19



We didn't go north as I'd told Lucy of course, and instead, we go only as far as a hotel in King's Cross called the Valhalla. It's a run-down sort of place, with uneven steps leading up to a door that was once red, but is now chipped and faded. When we open the door, a fat man in a singlet looks over at us with complete disinterest.
'We need a room,' says Evan.
The man nods and wipes a greasy hand on his singlet before opening a book in front of him. On the counter is a black piece of plastic that says "Tony Shapiro - Manager". It seems a bit of a strange affectation when I notice that the sign on the wall behind him advertises rooms rates by the hour.
'Number ten is free,' he says. 'How long do you want?'
He looks at all three of us as he says this, and there is obviously some kind of bizarre idea in his head that we have an orgy planned.
'We need the whole night,' Ada says, and he grins lasciviously.
'Right. Let's say sixteen hours. I can do that for a hundred and twenty bucks.'
Evan curses, but digs into his wallet. We could have stayed somewhere much nicer for that price, but it's too dangerous to go bargain hunting. Tony looks us over again, and then pauses on me. He frowns as he examines my features more closely and I frown back at him.
'Do I know you?' he says.
'I doubt it,' I reply.
He continues to look at me, and I can almost hear the cogs in his clockwork brain ticking away as he tries to recall me. Eventually he just shrugs and checks his watch.
'Right, it's five now, so you've got until nine tomorrow.'
'Fine,' says Ada and she takes the key from him, heading up the stairs without waiting for us.
Tony grins at Evan.
'She's eager, huh?'
'That's my wife you're talking about,' he says angrily before following her.
'Hey, whatever you say, buddy! Everybody comes here with their wives.'
Tony's watch is a gold Rolex and I lean in to look at it. It's exactly like the one that Harry gave me outside Ganesh's but when I look down at my own wrist I am not wearing a watch. Tony notices me admiring it and holds it up for me to see.
'Nice, huh? That's real gold. Customer's appreciate a bit of class.'
I don't answer him, but follow the couple up the stairs with a strange sense of foreboding.

Ada is sitting on the bed, flicking idly through twenty five channels of shit, and Evan has gone to take a shower. Although she acknowledges me, she only seems to do so if I draw attention to myself. It's as if I'm still not entirely real to her, and they both seem to have taken my appearance incredibly calmly. Not one of them questioned for a second whether they should wait for me when they were fleeing, and neither of them have since asked me who I am or what exactly I'm doing here. I examine the scar on my hand again where the knife went in. I can see it now, the jagged shape of the blade entering and exiting, and the puckered skin on the back of my hand that's slightly raised. It doesn't look like I ever got stitches for it either, as it has healed very badly and there's no tell-tale train tracks. It doesn't explain the scar on my back however, or the one on my neck, but thinking of the guillotine I have a horrible suspicion of how that one occurred. I try not to think about it and instead focus on the bizarre stains that seem to cover one corner of the room. In front of the bathroom door there is a large dark brown patch and the walls near the door and inside the bathroom are also scarred by this horrible brownish tinge. Random splatter marks, distinct but faded, abound. I walk over to the nightstand, where what looks like a handprint in the same colour stains the wood, right next to a deep burn mark where somebody has put out a cigarette. Ada doesn't pay me much attention, apart from to glance over when I cough, but she is quickly distracted by the television again. Even the sheets are spotted with brown, so it looks as if they haven't been replaced in quite a few years. Evan walks through the open bathroom door where he has been having a shower, wearing a once-white towel around his waist. It too is stained, and it appears that it was probably used to clean up after whatever horrible accident occurred in this room.
'There's no hot water left,' he says, removing his towel and throwing it onto the bed.
'Evan, a bit of modesty,' I suggest, and he just turns and looks at me as he starts to pull on his boxer shorts.
'You could have taken your own room,' he replies.
I'm not sure that this is true at all. When we arrived, I tried to wander away from the two of them to check the road and make sure that nobody was following us, but it didn't seem to work. There wasn't anything physical stopping me from doing so, but there was something mental. A sort of block that made me incapable of straying too far away from them. The dream wants me to see what's going on. I wait until Evan is dressed and then he stretches himself out on the bed and throws his hands behind his head.
'What are you watching?' he asks Ada.
'It's a special about men who dress as women and the women who dress as men who love them,' she replies.
'Yes,' I say. 'I'm sure they're all struggling to come to terms with their self-image, but don't you think there's something more important we could be doing?'
They both look at me benignly, or bovinely. They look like my students. Like cows in a field, turning to watch as a truck drives past. I sit down in the chair and place my hands on the armrests, although I quickly take them off again when I find it sticky with mystery brownness.
'Gavrilo just tried to kill you both. We've gotten away this time, but he's going to come back. He's not going to stop until at least Evan is dead.'
'Me? Why me?' Evan whines.
'I don't know why. But Grey ordered it and Gavrilo will do it.'
Evan remains lying down, but Ada sits on the edge of the bed and stares at me.
'Why kill just Evan? We're both working for him. Why not both of us?'
'I'm sure he will kill both of you, but the order was just for Evan. It's Evan that Grey wants to be rid of.'
'But...'
'Wait a minute. How did you both get involved in this sort of thing anyway? What the hell are you doing transporting bio-weapons for?'
They look at each other, and then shrug.
'I dunno,' says Evan.
'What do you mean you don't know?'
'Well Gavrilo approached us in the train station one day and we just sort of agreed to do it.' Ada says.
'Why did you agree?'
She puts her hand to her forehead, trying to quell some sort of migraine.
'I wish I knew the answer to that question but I honestly don't. Just a month ago I was a kindergarten teacher.'
This is certainly news to me. Ada seems exactly the type of woman who would be a kindergarten teacher. I'm not exactly sure what kind of person an international bio-weapons smuggler should be, but I doubt that I've ever met one. Evan doesn't really seem the type either. He's far too cowardly and possibly a bit stupid.
'What were you before all this?' I ask him, but he looks a bit embarrassed.
He looks to Ada, who answers for him.
'Evan was unemployed at the time. I was supporting him until he finished his arts degree, but there were several opportunities...'
'Okay, so Evan was a dole bludger, and you were a kindergarten teacher. Now let me ask you this question. Don't you think it's a little bit strange that somebody would approach two people in a train station of that description and offer them a chance to be smugglers?'
If either of them found it strange they showed no sign of it. Evan seemed particularly unconcerned by the concept.
'I think it's a little strange that there's an old man sitting in our hotel room who appeared out of thin air and is asking us questions, but you don't hear me going on about it.'
I sigh and get to my feet. It's difficult to be rational in such a surreal situation. I pace back and forth in front of them with my hands clasped behind my back in a suitably subdued style and then clear my throat once for effect. Their eyes follow me, largely because I'm blocking their view of the television.
'Consider this. You were not smugglers at all. You were in fact just drug mules. You were expendable and not part of the operation at all.'
I'm disappointed by their reaction. A gasp would have been nice, but they both just nod in agreement, and look at each other to confirm that this is in fact exactly what they were. I raise a finger to silence them as I have another point to make.
'Then consider this. The mule is a vehicle.'
This seems to silence them, but only because they clearly have absolutely no idea what I'm talking about.
'What does that mean?' Ada finally asks me, which is unfortunate because I have absolutely no idea what it means either.
I was hoping that they could offer some sort of insight into this particular message but they seem as bewildered by it as I am. I decide to use a different tactic.
'Tell me exactly how you met Gavrilo Yama.'
Ada shrugs.
'There's not much to tell. We were drunk, I can tell you that much.'
'Well not that drunk,' argues Evan.
'We'd just been out in the city celebrating because I'd been offered a permanent position at the Lindfield Institute of Early Schooling. That's just a fancy name for a kindergarten, hardly more than a day-care centre really, but before that I'd been working as a temp. The money was really good. It's where rich people send their children so they don't have to raise them themselves. Money had been getting pretty tight for a while there and Evan was having trouble finding a part-time job that fitted in with his classes.'
I laugh and Evan glares at me. He knew as well as I did that he hadn't once even tried to find a job because that was the exact same excuse I used on Mary when she supported me as I went through Teacher's College. Ada seems unperturbed so I let her live on in blissful ignorance of her folly and she continues the story.
'Anyway, we'd gone out and gotten really drunk on Oxford street, and we ended up having to get a train home from St James. I remember that Evan was absolutely falling over drunk because he'd been drinking Tequila Sunrises all night.'
'I wasn't that drunk,' he argues, but she dismisses this with a wave of her hand.
'Tequila Sunrises, huh?' I say.
'They were two for one! It was happy hour.'
'Anyway,' continues Ada with some annoyance, 'I was trying to get him into the station but he kept slipping on the stairs, and then when we got in there I couldn't even find the platform straight away, because I was pretty drunk myself. We were wandering back and forth but kept ending up next to this same newsagent somehow because every time I had to pick Evan up off the tiles I forgot which direction we'd come from.'
'I wasn't that drunk!'
'You were, sweet. You threw up when I finally got us to the platform. Remember?'
Evan doesn't argue the point, but he clearly doesn't remember it either. When I was his age I had been much the same. I would drink until there was no point in drinking any more, but then of course I would drink some more anyway. It was something I grew out of the older I got. There seemed very little point spending half my life drinking so much that I couldn't remember it and the other half (the half that I could remember) feeling so bad that I 'd swear never to do it again. Most of my memories from that period of my life are hangovers, with only a few vague recollections of the fun that preceded them.
'So Evan fell over again on the platform, and his head was just over the yellow line and a train was coming. It wasn't going to hit him or anything, but I tried to move him a bit or get him up or something when I saw her.'
'Who did you see?'
'Lucy. That little girl of his. The one who...'
'The terrifying one?'
Ada nods, and a chill runs up her spine that makes her head jerk slightly. A physical sensation seems to inhabit the very mention of Lucy's name. I can understand the feeling, and my hand tingles where she pressed her nail into my scar.
'She said that her father wanted to speak to us and that we could make a lot of money. Gavrilo was sitting over on one of the benches watching us. Straight away I didn't like him. He had this look on his face that I just couldn't stand, but we went over anyway and he started telling us about Grey and what we would be doing, right there in front of everybody.'
'Yeah,' Evan says. 'It was weird. He was talking about all this illegal stuff quite loudly and anybody could have been listening. At first I just thought he was crazy, but he gave us this briefcase and an address.'
'A briefcase filled with money?'
'No, a briefcase filled with custard. Of course filled with money! Twenty five thousand dollars it turned out to be.'
'But why did you take it? I mean, Ada had just gotten her new job. You were going to be okay for money and this guy was clearly insane. Why didn't you just say no thanks and get out of there?'
To my surprise, Ada reaches out and takes Evan's hand, and squeezes it. They both seem to be a little lost for words so I give them a moment. Ada finally speaks just when I think they don't have an answer to give.
'It was Lucy. That... girl. She was just staring at us the whole time with this little smile on her face and I could feel myself, I don't know, slipping? As if she was drawing something out of me with those eyes of hers. Drawing out the will to resist. I didn't want to take it. I knew it was ridiculous but for some reason we both just agreed. It was like being hypnotised. It felt like a dream.'
'Or a nightmare. They had us go to Beirut, Los Angeles, Cape Town and finally Delhi,' says Evan.
'I know about Delhi. I was there.'
They both look at me shocked.
'You were there? Where were you? Were you sent to watch us?'
I shrugged. It was a good question.
'Apparently so, but I wasn't sent there by Grey. I don't know why I was there any better than I know why I'm here now. You two shouldn't even be talking to me,' I say as I wander back towards the chair. 'I mean, most people would be terrified by my mere presence here, or at the very least curious about where I came from, but you two seem totally calm about the whole thing.'
They've both stopped listening. As soon as I moved away from in front of the television their eyes were drawn back to it. They're both now watching an infomercial about an exercise machine that lets you "melt those pounds away" but unless it's referring to melting away English currency in five easy payments then it's clearly a scam. I get up irritably and switch off the television and their attention focuses back on me again.
'I saw you getting that catheter,' I say, and it has the desired effect.
Evan winces at the memory, and I must say that I get a slightly unpleasant sensation in that area myself.
'Why would you bring that up? I'm sure I still have a piece of it in there, actually, Ada, because the other day...'
'Do you think Gavrilo will catch us?' Ada says nervously.
'I don't know. It's best not to think about some things.'
'Like catheters,' Evan says, squirming on the bed.
'Just get some sleep. I'll be here when you wake up.'
Evan looks at me oddly.
'So do you sleep?'
I nod.
'I'm asleep right now, as far as I know. Probably having a seizure. My wife says they're becoming quite frequent. Get some rest.'
They settle into bed unselfconsciously and Evan places his arm around Ada after a few minutes of fussing around, and then they both lie still. I turn off the light and reach into my pocket, hoping against hope to find a packet of Acobapoc in there. To my absolute delight I find the same one I currently have in real life. I can tell because the corner of the cardboard is ripped so, apparently, you can take it with you. I pull one out with my teeth and open the door quietly so as not to disturb them, but I fall back in surprise as a thin little hand comes through and grabs my wrist. Its grip is tight and it's located below a pair of eyes that sit above some teeth which in turn are located on the head of the body that's grasping me. That's exactly how my thought processes work as I see Lucy in the doorway, her hand grasping mine and her eyes ablaze with malevolent joy. Her mouth is twisting with excitement and rage and her teeth are jostling for position to leap forth and bite me. She screams then, the words forming out of the horrible inhuman cacophony that emerges from her tiny throat.
'I CAN SEE THROUGH YOUR LIES!'
She releases me then and as she runs away from the door she seems to fade to mist before my eyes, mingling with the night air. It's silent again, and Evan and Ada are still sleeping, but Gavrilo's scout has done her job. The Furies know where we are.






20



Joe had been walking for hours. It was well after dark and as the sun had slipped down behind the buildings of the inner city he felt a chill come over him. His hand was still wrapped up, but the makeshift bandage had long ago been soaked through. Apart from some slight light-headedness he barely noticed it. The pain of the wound was actually relieving in some ways. It felt like an anchor, with the sharpness of the sensation dragging on the bottom of the ocean that he found himself in. He had felt like he was doing little more than treading water over the last few weeks, and now that he had pushed everybody away he was likely to float out to sea. The pain of a knife through the hand was sufficient to keep in position.
'These maritime metaphors do not hold up to scrutiny,' he muttered irritably, just as the rain began to fall.
It was light, just a fine mist really, but it was enough to lower his mood even further. It was hard to process anything. He fluctuated wildly between extremes, sometimes enraging himself with the thought of the betrayal of his wife, and sometimes completely indifferent. Somewhere in the middle of these extremes he felt guilty. He knew that everything that had happened was basically his fault. No, it wasn't! It was Grey's fault. It was this thing inside him that destroyed everything it touched. Joe had simply walked to the edge of the cliff, but Grey had pushed him over. As he walked up Oxford Street, he began to look around him, taking in things as he hadn't done in hours. He didn't even remember coming this way, but now he was amidst the nightlife, which was just starting to get messy. Down one alley, a young girl in a glittery dress was throwing up whilst her friend held back her hair. She groaned and turned to glance at him as he walked past, and for a second he was shocked to see that it was Leah. The other girl turned too, and it was Tess, her face looking at him with a glazed expression, one eye more closed than the other, drooping in a hideous caricature of her normal face. Within seconds Leah was throwing up again and Tess' attention went back to keeping her bottle-blonde hair from getting sprayed with semi-digested sushi. Joe walked by quickly, not trusting his own eyes enough to be sure if they were really there or if they were just figments of his imagination, sent to taunt him in his darkest hour. He could feel beads of sweat dripping down his forehead, but each drop was accompanied by pain. It wasn't merely sweat; it was some part of his essence. Something that made him what he was slipping away. It rolled from his body and into the gutter before being swept away and mingling with the essence of everything else. It was all the same stuff after all. Matter and energy. In this state of mind he barely noticed where he was walking and it wasn't long before he was through the busier section and heading down a side street towards Kings Cross. He could hear raised voices and sure enough, just up ahead was a large group of people standing around and shouting abuse. Joe approached cautiously and when he rounded the corner he could see that there was a garbage truck parked there, its orange hazard lights flashing and casting a strobe over the assembled people. There were three men in dirty overalls and each of them had an M-16 rifle slung over their shoulder. As he pushed further forwards, Joe could see that there were at least seven men lined up against the wall, all with their hands on their heads and their legs slightly spread. At least half of them were black, and two of them looked middle-eastern, perhaps Jewish.
'What's going on?' Joe asked an elderly man next to him, who was spitting in the direction of the prisoners as the garbage men frisked them, taking their wallets and watches and putting them into a large sack.
'Something that should have happened a long time ago. They're lining up all the niggers and kikes,' he said venomously, spitting again.
Joe looked about him in disbelief, and only then was he able to make out the words that were being hurled in the direction of the prisoners. Every racist term he had ever heard, and a few he hadn't, was issuing forth from the mouths of those ordinary looking people. One young man on the end of the line of prisoners was yelling back at them, but his voice was nearly drowned out by the constant barrage of abuse. It was a young man with curly black hair, held back from his face with a red headband.
'You fascist pigs! When the revolution comes, your whole bourgeois system is gonna collapse. All your money and your investments won't count for shit any more.'
'Go back to Russia!' screamed the old man next to Joe, sending another parcel of his seemingly limitless supplies of saliva into the young man's face.
It was Mohammed Ashhab. Gabriel's boyfriend. A man who didn't exist.
'Mohammed?' called out Joe, more out of surprise than anything else.
Mohammed's eyes sought him out in the gloom. When he found him, he didn't seem surprised.
'You went into the bank, didn't you?' he said accusingly.
The old man next to Joe looked at him suspiciously.
'Do you know this filthy Arab?'
Before Joe could answer, a little boy who was standing next to his mother and holding her hand turned back to face them.
'My Daddy says they should line up the faggots first,' he said.
The old man rustled his hair with a gnarled hand.
'Don't worry, sonny, they'll get them all. Won't you boys?'
One of the garbagemen, who was trying to tear a wedding ring off a prisoner's finger with little success shrugged.
'So far we got orders for faggots, kikes, niggers, and a-rabs. Just came through this morning.'
'About time! What about the Abos?' said someone near the back of the group.
'Yeah! Send 'em back where they came from,' shouted another, causing Mohammed to start yelling at him.
'You'll see. You've all got blood on your hands. You can never wash that off!' then he turned back to Joe. 'You went into the bank. You oiled the machine, man, and this is what happens. I told you, those corporations run on the blood of innocents. They'll keep killing us as long as there's money to be made. All they're interested in is prophets and you've got blood on your hands too, Finch. You signed it, didn't you? In the bank?'
Joe shook his head.
'No! I didn't. I drew a picture of a penis in the box instead!'
'It doesn't matter what you did. You made your mark. That's all that matters. You signed away control, and now we've got this.'
'Shut up, you!' snarled the garbageman, and drove his rifle butt into Mohammed's jaw, sending his head twisting with a horrible thumping sound and a little cheer from the crowd.
Joe rushed forward and stepped between the garbageman and Mohammed. He checked that the boy was okay, but he was insensible, and slid down the wall to a seated position with his head lolling against his shoulder. Joe turned back on the crowd fiercely, who were now all looking at him angrily.
'What's wrong with you all? You can't just round people up like this. What about human rights? Everybody has the right to a fair trial? Freedom of religion? Don't any of you remember that stuff?'
'I sure remember it. It's hard to forget,' said the garbageman. 'Do you know my daughter brought home a coon to dinner one night. She said he was her boyfriend of all things, and he just sat there eating my food like it was nothing! I remember all right. Now step aside and let me do my job, sir.'
He said the word "sir" to rhyme with "cunt". Joe was pushed aside by the much larger man, and he fell into the side of the truck. It was then that he noticed the smell. In fact, the sound came first. It was a sort of low buzzing noise that had always been in the background but somehow unnoticed. Then came the smell. A smell of meat left in the sun for too long. Joe's head turned slowly but inevitably towards the back of the truck and he peered over the rim. Inside, just as he had feared, was a pile of bodies. They were all different in their skin colour, their clothing and their ages but they all had one thing in common. They were all soaked with the same coloured blood and their chests were all riddled with bullets. Joe put a hand to his mouth as the sight and the smell and the sound all came together at once. He felt weak at the knees and he turned back to the garbagemen, who had finished looting the prisoners for valuables and had formed a three-man firing squad, to the delighted hoots of the crowd.
'Wait!' screamed Joe, finding a new reserve of strength in him as he rushed forward to try and pull the gun from the hands of the leader.
'Hey, what the hell is your problem, anyway?' said the old man from the crowd.
'They're killing people in the streets! How can you just stand by and let this happen?'
'They're not people. Not like us, anyway. They're selfish and full of hate. They're money hungry too, well the Jews are, anyway. They're only out for themselves,' argued the mother of the little boy.
'Yeah they got some crazy ideas about God, too. Stuff that makes no sense,' said somebody else towards the back.
'Yeah, and they hate our freedom,' added the old man, completely without irony.
Joe had been pushed back against the truck by the garbageman, who this time held his head down in some sort of stranglehold. It was hard to talk but he managed to gasp out the words.
'That sounds exactly like us! We're all as bad as each other. We're all exactly the same!'
The garbageman tightened his grip around Joe's neck, and Joe felt his air starting to give out.
'You know what? That sounds a hell of a lot like commie talk to me. You're not a red, are you?'
'I'm a lecturer in literature,' protested Joe.
'An academic? So you are a commie! All academics do is talk about the great things that other people have done without ever taking any action themselves. You're even worse than this lot.'
The crowd started to yell at that, chanting "commie" repeatedly and laughing. Joe couldn't even get enough air to argue.
'Line him up with the others!' shouted someone, but the garbageman just sighed.
'I would love to, believe me, I would. Trouble is, the red tape, see? We haven't got orders for commies yet. If I was to so much as give this stinking red a black eye I'd get reprimanded. You wait though, the legislation will come through. Next week they'd give me a medal for doing what would lose me my job this week!'
'Bloody bureaucracy, huh?' said the old man.
'Tell me about it. You should see how many forms you have to fill out just to prove someone's a faggot. I mean it's easy enough with darkies and so on, you can tell just by looking, but some of these guys...'
'Yeah, some poofs can be pretty discreet,' agreed the man.
All of a sudden Joe felt the grip on his neck relax as the garbageman released him. Joe placed his arm against the truck, gasping for air. Each breath felt so sweet he could hardly take them in fast enough. He was in danger of hyperventilating, and he almost did when he heard Mohammed's voice again. To his surprise, it was not directed at the garbagemen, but at him.
'I warned you! You're all high and mighty now that's it happening, but it's too late. I warned you and you didn't listen. What is the greater moral crime? To delight in causing pain and suffering like these men or to cause it with complete indifference as you do?'
Mohammed fell silent then, not because he had finished what he wanted to say but because the three garbagemen turned on him, throwing him back to the ground and laying into his groin with their enormous steel-capped boots. Their faces were contorted with a rage that only men who hate themselves can feel for another.
Joe stood paralysed with fear as he watched, unable to move. Mohammed was staring straight at him with an agonised expression, despite the blows that rained down on him from above like wrathful Greek deities playing soccer with his frail, fleshy footballs.
'You will once again become the destroyer of worlds, Finch, and when you do you will not care!' he managed to shout, just as a boot connected with his face, sending most of his front teeth flying in a cloud of red mist.
Joe turned and ran then, feeling cowardly and ashamed, but totally overwhelmed by terror. He glanced back once as he ran down the street with the shouts of the crowd echoing in his ears. Just as he turned, one of the garbagemen raised his rifle and fired at the line of men, who were still standing against the wall, like extras in a movie. They did nothing to defend themselves as the bullets tore through them and they crumpled to the ground. It wasn't heroic and it wasn't meaningful. They simply fell down in heaps, like sacks of potatoes. A second later, just as Joe rounded the corner he heard a single shot and he knew that Mohammed Ashhab, whoever he was, had also been executed. Still he ran, past lines of parked Mercedes and four-wheel drives that were spotlessly clean. As he stumbled into a car, it seemed to explode from the inside, and a spray of glass tore across his face, sending an instant splattering of shaving-cut sized nicks across his neck and cheeks. He stepped back, feeling the blood begin to trickle from him and mingle with the sweat. All of it was part of his essence and all of it was trailing away to finally rejoin the world. On top of the car, which was now horribly distorted from its original design specifications, was a naked man. He was spread-eagled across the top of the roof and he was very, very dead. The blood was already seeping down the channels of bent metal and into the street, to mingle with Joe's own. Joe's hand began to throb harder and he tore the tea towel from it and threw it to the ground. The huge puckered lips of the scar seemed to speak to him, although it was a whisper so soft he couldn't hear what it was saying. With a trembling hand he reached out and put his palm on the face of the dead man. He was real. His body was warm and his eyes were open, as was a large portion of the back of his head. Joe flicked closed his lids with two fingers, feeling wild with panic, and yet unable to move or even make a sound. Just as he pulled his hand away another car on the other side of the road exploded with noise and the roof buckled, setting off the car alarm. Another naked body, this time a woman, although it was hard to be certain. Joe stumbled across to the middle of the street to get a closer look, but it was clear even from that distance that nothing could be done. She was also very, very dead. Then, another, to his right, sending more splintering glass, but he barely had time to look before another fell behind him, this time hitting the bonnet and bouncing out onto the road, limp and lifeless. Joe looked up at the sky above. For a moment there was nothing at all, just the empty sky and the sounds of the car alarms and barking dogs, but a tiny dot soon caught Joe's eye. It was far off and indistinct, but it seemed to be getting larger. Then he saw another, and then two more. Like a picture coming into focus, he slowly realised that the sky was full of them. He already knew what they were despite being unable to make out the shapes, and within a few seconds it was confirmed as the naked bodies began to slam into the street all around him. They were of all sizes, ages and races, much as the people in the garbage truck had been. They hit the ground and the cars along the street in either direction in their hundreds as Joe stood in the middle of the street paralysed as he watched them fall. Miraculously, in spite of the fact that there were so many, not one of them came close to hitting him. It was as if he couldn't be harmed; a duck with a raincoat. Joe could see the faces falling around him as a grotesque series of individual frames, punctuated by the sickening crunch of bones and flesh. Their faces were full of silent anguish and torment. It was an inner sorrow that couldn't be expressed in words and couldn't be talked away by a psychiatrist or even a friend. It was too deep. It was a fundamental flaw in the nature of being, not a medical condition or a state of mind. Joe still couldn't move. His feet felt like they were burrowing into the ground with fleshy roots, searching for the sweat and blood that had seeped away into the street. From a ground floor doorway, two women emerged, laughing as if in the middle of a humorous story. They paused when they saw the street lined with the bodies of the dead and the cacophony of car alarms that drew them down, like sirens calling people to the rocky streets below. One of the women's faces was twisted with dismay at the sight.
'Oh no, it's raining again. And I'm wearing suede,' she said.
The other shrugged and reached into her handbag, pulling out a small travel umbrella, which she popped up soundlessly.
'Oh, Susan. Always prepared. Come on, we'll miss the overture if we don't hurry,' said the woman, and they linked arms and rushed down the street, squealing with exaggerated dismay as a random spray of blood hit them.
'Hold it more this way! I'm not under it when you hold it like that...' Joe heard her say as they disappeared around the corner in the direction of the Opera House.
As the note said;
LET DEAD MEN LIE WHERE DEAD MEN FALL
The rain showed no sign of letting up, so Joe made a mad dash for cover.

That had not felt like an hallucination. Nothing so visceral had yet happened. He had seen things. The woman with her teeth falling from her mouth, the man being chased by wolves, the school children on the train, and even the diners eating their companion. All of those things had been nothing more than visions. They hadn't been real. They were a result of his brain tumour, and they frequently disappeared as fast as they arrived. This was different. Joe paused outside a shop window, trying to see his neck in the reflection. Sure enough there were several red marks where the garbageman's fingers had closed around his throat. He could still feel it and it was difficult to swallow. He had felt the truck and smelt the stench of bodies rising from it, and he hadn't felt the disconnection that normally came with such sights. When he felt his hand on the dead man's face, and when his fingers had closed the lids of his eyes, he knew for sure that it was real. The feeling of the man's eyeballs rolling underneath his skin could not be a mental forgery. There was too much detail to the thing. There was too much tactile information for his mind to have simply made it up. As well, his face and neck were speckled with tiny cuts from where the glass had hit him. He lifted his neck up to better see it in the reflection, tilting his head back as he did so. The cuts were real. Mary and Harry had been having an affair. That was real as well. Everything was real.
'Hey, handsome. Can't stop admiring yourself?' said a voice from behind him, so close that it made him jump.
The voice laughed and placed a warm hand on his shoulder.
'Sorry. Didn't mean to startle you.'
Joe turned around, fearing what he would see, but all that stood behind him was a woman in her forties. She was pleasant-looking in a motherly sense of the word, but her face was caked with a layer of make-up so thick and in such garish colours that the effect was diminished somewhat. She had a lime green boob tube on, underneath a denim jacket, and a skirt so short you could see her cervix. Beneath this was a pair of fishnet stockings and bright red stilettos.
'Can I ask you a question?' Joe said, relieved to see something so relatively normal.
'Sure thing.'
'Are you now, or have you ever been, a prostitute?'
The woman smiled broadly, which was a fairly positive reaction considering the bluntness of the question.
'Honey, I'm a card-carrying member and a member-carrying card. But don't worry, that's all I'm carrying.'
The clarification was fairly redundant. If Joe was ever required to describe a prostitute to somebody who'd never seen one, there was a fair chance that he would describe the woman standing in front of him.
'So, are you looking for a girlfriend?' she said, taking a drag on a menthol cigarette and blowing the smoke to the side in what she probably thought was a seductive manner.
'Not really,' replied Joe shakily.
'Well how about some meaningless sex then?'
'You mean there's some other kind?'
The prostitute laughed and shook her head, throwing the butt of her cigarette to the ground and grinding it out expertly on the heel of her stiletto.
'Ooh! Somebody hurt you bad,' she said and Joe shrugged.
'I think I gave as good as I got. But I did just find out that my wife is having an affair with my best friend.'
'Your best friend? Well that's part of your problem. You should stop ranking your friends after you leave primary school.'
Joe reached into his coat to take out a cigarette of his own, and the prostitute looked at the pack approvingly.
'Acobapoc, huh? Cheap and dirty, right? Is that how you like it?'
Joe lit one behind his hand, ignoring the not-so-subtle attempt at flirting.
'Fine. My wife is having an affair with my only friend,' he said, amending his earlier statement.
'But I gather you don't like him very much?'
'Okay. My wife is having an affair with a man that I know quite well.'
'Well if he was having an affair with your wife then maybe you don't know him as well as you think you do,' she said, taking the cigarette from his hand and taking a drag herself.
Joe looked at her with disbelief, but she burst out laughing, causing the smoke to come out of her nose and setting off a brief fit of coughing.
'Sorry,' she said. 'I'm just winding you up. My name's Judith by the way.'
Judith reached out her hand to shake his and he reluctantly took it.
'Joe.'
She looked at him, still with a slight smile on her lips, and Joe couldn't help but like her. He knew that this was just some kind of trick of the trade, and that it was all an act, but there was something very comforting about her voice and her attitude. She seemed un-judgmental.
'Judith,' said Joe jokingly. 'Do you believe in love at first sight?'
She laughed again. She laughed easily and without inhibition. She laughed the way Mary used to before the doctor told her she would never have a child.
'Honey, I don't believe in love, full stop. Now do you want to fuck or not?'
Joe looked around the street behind her. They were in King's Cross, where prostitutes were a common sight, and of the few people passing, nobody gave them a second glance.
'Don't worry about what they think. Do you want to come with me?' said Judith, taking his chin in her hand and gently forcing him to look at her painted face.
Joe winced at where her hand touched one of the cuts from the glass. He thought about Harry, hiding in his cupboard amidst his outdated suits, with his well-above-average erection pointing at him accusingly as he'd opened the door. He thought about Mary, reproaching him for his behaviour for years before he'd even become sick. How she would tell him off for making an improper comment at some interminable dinner party that they so infrequently attended. All that time, she had been doing something far more improper than he ever had. He was unbalanced, but he had never been unfaithful.
'So how about it?' said Judith again, leaning in to kiss him on the cheek softly, apparently oblivious to the flecks of blood there.
Most of all, he thought about the garbage truck filled with bodies and the rain of suicides, dying together but still completely alone. He never wanted to see anything like that again, and Judith felt like another anchor; like the wound on his hand. So Joe made a decision. Or a decision was made for him.
'Sure. Let's go.'
Judith smiled and linked her arm around his. They passed two more garbage trucks on their way through the bright neon lights of The Cross, but Judith merely glanced at their human cargo sadly and commented,
'It's a pity. I guess we should have seen it coming, though.'
They pushed through crowded streets, and soon enough they stopped outside a run-down hotel. A set of uneven steps led up to a chipped and faded door that had once been painted red, many years before. The sign said 'Valhalla' in black letters on the drooping awning.
'I've been here before,' Joe murmured.
'Me too,' said Judith, leading him up the steps and opening the door with her free hand.
The lobby was small and lit by a single, dim bulb. A fat man in a singlet sat in a small booth behind a wire mesh. On the counter was a sign saying "Tony Shapiro  Manager". He smiled when he saw Judith, but Joe felt a shiver run up his spine. Something bad was happening, but he didn't know what it was.
'Hey, Jude. Waddya need?' he said, his words slurring into one.
'Hey, Tony. Is number ten free?'
Tony nodded and swivelled in his chair to take the key from the hook. He passed it to her through a small rectangular hole on the counter.
'For you, sweetheart, anything.'
She took the key and paused, looking at Joe expectantly. It took him a moment to realise what was going on and then he understood. He reached for his wallet and laid out some bills on the counter, which Tony took, his eyes filled with amusement.
'Do you want some whisky?' Judith asked Joe.
Joe thought for only a second before nodding. He would need something. Tony reached under the counter and pulled out a bottle of amber liquid in a plain glass bottle.
'Whatever you need. It's another twenty.'
Joe took another note from his wallet and slid it across the counter. He took the bottle and then allowed Judith to lead him up the stairs, which creaked in protest at their passing. Whilst she unlocked the door, Joe unscrewed the bottle and took a swig. It was pure poison, and it rolled down his throat like a lava flow. It was essence, running through the fibres of his body and replenishing what he had lost. He offered the bottle to Judith, just as she opened the door but she shook her head.
'I never touch the stuff,' she said, so Joe took another generous swig himself.
'All right. Slow down, tiger. You've got work to do.'

Joe rolled over and took a drag on his cigarette, looking at the almost empty bottle of whisky on the side table. He had not lit it to enhance the post-coital moment, rather he had not bothered to put it out once the proceedings had started and by the time they were finished he still had half of it left.
'That was magnificent,' said Judith, in what should have been an Oscar-winning performance.
'It was nothing,' Joe replied nihilistically, searching for an ashtray on the side table.
He found one and stubbed the cigarette out on the pseudo-wood finish next to it.
'You know, this room was a lot filthier the last time I saw it. There were these strange brown stains everywhere.'
'Well you must have been in a different room. They all look alike,' replied Judith.
Joe grunted and then got to his feet before stumbling towards the bathroom.
'Where are you going?' asked Judith.
'I have to go to the bathroom very badly,' Joe replied and proceeded to do just that as he stood unsteadily in front of the porcelain and urinated down the front of his legs in a drunken stupour.
In fact, he had gone to the bathroom so badly that he probably would have been better off just staying in bed and wetting himself. At least that way it would have been a single wet patch and not the broad, all-over coverage that he managed as he swayed back and forth in front of the toilet.
'Are you feeling okay?' Judith asked from the bed, a certain note of anxiety in her voice.
'Not really. My entire life feels like it's been in preparation for something that never happened. Grey referred to me as God once, but I couldn't feel more mortal...'
Joe never heard Judith's response because at that instant his vision began to darken and he crashed to the floor in a heap.






21



Judith sat anxiously on the bed, looking at her watch occasionally, but otherwise staring at the nearly empty bottle of whisky on the side table. Presently, there was a brief tap at the door and she stood up and opened it. Standing on the other side was a thin, pale man with dark black hair that was plastered to his forehead with gel. He had on a black jacket and was carrying a small medical bag in his left hand and an esky in the other. He nodded curtly and entered without waiting to be asked.
'Roman, it's... it's good to see you,' said Judith.
Roman placed his bag down on the bed and stuck his head in the bathroom door.
'There's a bin of ice out there, could you drag it in please, before somebody sees it,' he said as he observed the inert form of Joe Finch on the bathroom floor.
Judith did as she was told, although the small garbage bin was too heavy for her to lift and she had to drag it across the floor with both hands, leaving a trail of moisture on the carpet. Roman glanced at the bottle of whisky and raised an eyebrow.
'He drank that much of it? There was enough horse tranquilliser in there to...'
'To tranquillise a horse?' suggested Judith.
'Exactly. Why did you let him drink so much? We don't want him dying on us, that's more trouble than it's worth.'
'I didn't let him. He was depressed. Before I knew what was happening he'd already drunk most of it.'
'Well, we'll soon see.'
Judith rubbed her hands together and bit her lip.
'Actually, I think he might be pretty messed up. He was muttering something about being God just before he passed out.'
'God, you say?'
Roman looked down at Joe, with his naked legs covered in urine as he lay on the floor completely exposed.
'Well if he's God I hope you used a condom. You don't want him to give you a burning bush or something.'
Not even Roman laughed at his own joke, and Judith certainly didn't feel the need to either. He walked into the bathroom and reached down, placing his hands on Joe's lower back and moving them back and forth.
'He's quite old, unfortunately, but I think I'll take the left kidney today,' said Roman, as if selecting a sandwich in a delicatessen.
'Okay. But what about...' Judith began, but Roman cut her off with a sigh.
'Of course, it always comes down to the bottom line. You'll have to assist me of course, but first...'
Roman came back into the bedroom and clicked open the medical bag. He reached inside, rooting around near the bottom until he pulled out a large velvet covered box. He handed it to Judith, who took it uncertainly.
'What's this?'
'There's no cash yet. That's worth more than your usual rate anyway.'
Judith opened the box and frowned at the contents. It was a necklace. It was quite a beautiful one, and it was fairly weighty, with silver links in the shape of serpents biting their own tails. She took it out and tried to scratch one of the links, but she couldn't.
'Believe me, it's real silver. Solid, not plate.'
Judith dropped the box onto the bed and crossed her arms in front of her.
'Well that's great, Roman. What the hell am I supposed to do with a necklace? I need cash, not jewellery.'
Roman took the box again and lifted out the necklace, holding it up to the dim bulb so that Judith could see it better.
'Look at this. There are thirty separate solid silver links here. Do you understand? Solid silver. It's worth over six thousand dollars. You're only supposed to be getting four.'
'Yeah, but where did you get it?'
'An associate,' replied Roman, somewhat sheepishly.
A wolf in sheepish clothing, thought Judith.
'So it's stolen of course. What am I supposed to do with a stolen necklace, Roman? Carry it into the pawn shop and wait to be arrested?'
'It's an investment. Keep it for a few years and then sell it once nobody's looking for it anymore.'
Roman began looking through his medical bag as if this settled the matter. He pulled out some swabs and a scalpel, as well as a few surgical clamps that were slightly rusty with age. When he looked up, Judith was still looking at him angrily and holding the necklace.
'Fine. You keep the necklace and you get an extra two grand on the next one, okay? Jesus Christ, Judith, this one's got to be over fifty anyway. You're getting a great deal here. Now help me out with this, would you? Grab that esky.'
Judith sighed, but she put the necklace back in the velvet box and tucked it into her handbag, before following Roman into the bathroom with the esky, which was also filled with ice. Roman was laying Joe flat on his stomach on the floor, with his arms by his sides and his head resting on a small pillow he had made from a towel.
'What the hell happened to this guy? Look at his hand!' Roman said, holding up Joe's hand so that Judith could see it.
She looked at the fresh pink wound, so large and moist that she couldn't believe she didn't notice it before. Roman tilted Joe's head up as well.
'And his face. He's covered in all these tiny cuts. I can't believe you would take a guy like this as a client. He's bleeding everywhere. It's very unhygienic.'
Judith was still looking at Joe's injured hand with its accusing mouth, and like Joe before her, she sensed that it wanted to tell her something. Roman was unconcerned by such metaphysical nonsense and he took his scalpel and casually made an incision down Joe's back. It was far from straight, although he was careful to only cut through the dermis. Blood immediately began to flow from the wound in vast quantities, leaking down the sides of the body and onto the tiled floor.
'Swab! Swab!' said Roman impatiently as Judith stared transfixed at the wound.
She fumbled around the pile of equipment that Roman had brought and found a thick medical swab. She began to dab it at the wound, soaking up most of the blood, but it was still flowing. Roman picked up his retractors and pulled back the skin, clamping it to create a fairly large exposed area. Although Judith had seen the sight many times, it always made her skin crawl. She looked away as Roman made his next incision through the fat layer, which was thick and yellow and the texture of cottage cheese. She swabbed at the wound whenever he withdrew his scalpel, but she tried not to look at it.
'Replace that swab. It's done.'
'Okay.'
She threw it behind her where it landed on the carpet outside the door of the bathroom with a wet sound and then grabbed a new one, trying to staunch the ever-increasing blood flow.
'You know, I was thinking,' said Roman as he retracted the outer layers to expose Joe's organs, 'that we could get something to eat after this. My treat of course. You could... you could wear that necklace if you like.'
Judith looked at the small, pale man in front of her, who had paused in his work and was looking at her with a slightly hopeful expression, like a puppy at the dinner table waiting to be fed. She felt like hitting him with a rolled up newspaper.
'Roman, I think it's best that we keep our relationship professional. No complications.'
Roman's face betrayed his hurt, but not for long. Soon enough he was at work with his clamps, starting to detach the kidney, which was a dark brown colour, from the cavity wall.
'No problems. Of course, your profession is, well you know, sex, so technically we could still have sex and it would be a professional relationship...'
'No, Roman. Okay, just no.'
Roman didn't look up again, but he hacked at Joe's kidney with a newfound vehemence. This man on the floor had done what he was not allowed to, and it infuriated him. Unfortunately his infuriation did not make him a better surgeon and suddenly there was a spray of blood, which flew from the wound and sprayed the bathroom with red.
'Oh shit, Roman, what the hell did you do?'
Roman was reaching into the wound with his hands now, trying to find the source of the flow, but the blood was still coming out at a rapid rate.
'I don't know!' he cried. 'I must have nicked something!'
He grabbed one of the clamps from the ground and dug it inside, clamping over the offending area. The blood flow lessened and then stopped, but the bathroom was a mess. The walls were speckled with blood and the carpet outside the bathroom door was soaked through.
'How much blood can a man lose?'
'Well there's about five litres of blood in an average man.'
'Well I count three on the floor already. Get that thing out of him and let's close him up,' Judith said, pulling the esky over and wiping some of Joe's blood from her forehead before it ran into her eyes.
Roman, whose hands were trembling now, simply reached in and tore the organ out in his fist, plopping it into the ice-filled esky. Judith closed it and sealed the lid as Roman began to sew up Joe's back, starting with the nicked artery. He worked quickly and clumsily, returning each layer and sewing it shut with all the care of a mother putting patches on some hand-me-downs. When he had finally finished, there was a long jagged scar, almost ten inches long, down Joe's lower back. The whole thing had taken him less than fifteen minutes.
'There's still a lot of blood seeping through there,' Judith pointed out, but Roman just scowled and snatched the swab from her to wipe it away.
He stood up and went back into the room, sitting down on the bed for a second and placing his hand on the bedside table, where it left a large bloody handprint. He was breathing heavily and he didn't move for a few minutes. The whole night had been a disaster, and worst of all, he probably wouldn't be able to sell such a botched kidney anyway. Even if it had been a perfect job, it wasn't in very good condition.
'Come on, I want to get out of here,' said Judith, trying to drag the bin of ice into the bathroom.
Roman got to his feet and helped her, and between the two of them they managed to pour the contents into the bathtub. Then, with a great deal of grunting and moaning, they lifted Joe in after it. It was hard to hold onto him because his arms and legs were slippery with blood, and he was still dripping onto the floor as they lifted him over. The ice underneath him began to stain immediately. Roman looked around the bathroom, noting the absolute mess he had made, and he picked up the towel and quickly tried to clean it up. He wiped up most of the blood, or at least directed it towards the drain. He washed out the towel twice, but the walls were still flecked with blood and there was nothing at all they could do about the carpet. There was a thick stain there, almost the size of a man, and it squelched when they stood on it.
'It'll have to do,' Roman said, observing their handiwork.
Judith looked doubtful.
'Do you think he'll live?' she asked.
'I don't know. What do I look like, a doctor?'
'Fine, leave him the note. I'm going downstairs,' she said, and she strolled out of the room without looking back, glad to be away from the scene of the crime.
Roman pulled a slip of paper from out of his pocket and placed it on the sink next to Joe. Joe's whole body was white, and starting to turn a horrible purple colour at the extremities.
'You had her didn't you, you prick? You had her and I'll bet you didn't even care. Just another whore to you, right?' muttered Roman, spitting on him as he left the bathroom.
He collected up his things and then, seeing Joe's clothes in a heap at the end of the bed, decided to take them with him too, bundling them into the now-empty ice bin.
'If I were you, I wouldn't wake up,' he called back to his comatose victim.






22



Joe wandered casually across the ice shelf, swinging his cane and doffing his top hat to the penguins that waved to him as he passed. He had dressed in a tuxedo, to better fit in with his avian friends, although the sea lions seemed to take it as something of a snub because they began to bang their flippers on the ground when he approached, sending loud shockwaves reverberating through the ice. Rhythmically they pounded, hundreds upon hundreds of them until the ice began to crack...
Joe jerked into consciousness, and instantly regretted it, as he felt a horrible tearing sensation at his back and then a burst of pain so severe that he cried out in agony. Next door, somebody was enjoying himself. A woman was screaming with pleasure, either real or simply for the man's reassurance, as the bed pounded rhythmically against the thin walls of the Valhalla. Joe tried to halt his screaming, but the agony was unbearable and he reached around to feel the source of it. His wounded hand touched his wounded back and he could feel nothing but pain, running from his missing kidney and through his arm and on again like an electrical circuit. Then he noticed something else. He was cold. He was incredibly cold. As his senses came back to him, forcing through the discomfort, he realised where he was. In a bathtub. Filled with ice. In a hotel. He got to his feet, which was hard work, and he slipped several times and fell back into the icy water, screaming each time. Nobody came to see what the problem was, as there were people screaming all over the hotel. It was that kind of place. He finally managed to haul himself out of the icy water and support himself on the sink, where he stood shivering, his arms around him in an embrace. He was about to reach for the towel, but it was sopping with blood and dripping onto the floor, and looking back into the icy water, it was red also. His nipples would have been capable of cutting diamond at that point, but he suddenly noticed a folded sheet of paper on the edge of the sink and he fumbled for it, desperate for some kind of explanation for his current predicament. He unfolded it with trembling hands and began to read.

To whom it may concern,
			You have just undergone an operation to remove one of your kidneys, which will be used to improve the life of somebody greatly in need. You are able to function with only one kidney, although you should speak to a health professional in regards to certain limitations on your lifestyle that this may bring about. It is also suggested that you report to a hospital immediately, as you may find you have lost a large amount of blood and require further medical assistance. If you have any further questions then you can call this toll free number whereupon a recorded message will advise you to go fuck yourself. Men who perpetuate the cycle of prostitution deserve no better.

Joe's bloodstained hand trailed to his side and he allowed the letter to drop to the floor. It fluttered down and stuck to the blood and water that was pooled there. He suddenly felt an almost overwhelming surge of embarrassment. To be involved in such a clichd urban legend! Here it was again, yet another clich to go with his gold watch and his failing marriage. The shame of it was too much, and Joe knew that there was no way he could possibly walk into an emergency room and tell them such a story. He turned around to examine his injury in the mirror, which was speckled with dots of blood that he could only presume were his own. He wiped them aside, smearing them across the alternate world behind the glass, and looked at his back. It was a clumsy job. For the length of the scar there were only ten stitches, but the wound required at least thirty. The edges were white and purple and if he moved then a slight discharge of blood came forth from between the cotton. He winced with the pain and then regarded his own pallid face. He was as white as the sheets on the bed, which were actually a slight yellowish colour, but already he was feeling better. The wound was the same as the one on his hand. It hurt more when he was looking at it than when he wasn't, so he determined not to look at it. He went back into the hotel room, feeling something squelch under his feet outside the bathroom door. Red liquid oozed up between his toes like sand on the beach but he ignored it and sat down on the bed, looking for his clothes. They had been at the end of the bed where he had thrown them, not so much in a fit of passion, but in a fit of drunken indifference. Wherever they had been, they were there no longer. He sat for a few moments contemplating what to do. He could have called Mary or Harry and had them come and get him, but that would have been too much to bear, and besides, they would have forced him to go to a hospital. Instead he simply clapped his hands together and stood up. There was nothing else for it. He walked to the door and opened it, walking casually down the hallway in the hope that if he didn't draw attention to it then nobody would notice the fact that he was completely naked. As he got to the bottom of the stairs, Tony looked up at him. He ran his eyes up and down his body and looked slightly disgusted.
'Don't look at me in such a disapproving manner. Places that rent their rooms by the hour have no right to take the moral high ground,' Joe said and walked to the front door, placing his hand on its chipped red finish.
'Wait a second. You only paid for an hour. You've been in there for three. You owe me sixty bucks,' said Tony.
Joe turned back to him, still shivering from the cold, and with a fresh trickle of blood running down his back. He patted his thighs theatrically.
'You know what, Tony? I seem to have left my wallet in my other birthday suit, so I'm going to have to catch you next time.'
Tony shook his head, his amusement gone.
'Well what do you want me to do?' Joe said, trying to appear menacing, or at least as menacing as a naked man on a cold night could be.
Tony shrugged in such a way to indicate that it was not his problem. Joe looked to his wrist, where his new watch was. That explained that he thought, sighing as he slipped it off and placed it on the counter. Tony picked it up and looked at it, turning it over in his huge hairy hands. Finally he nodded and Joe turned to go, but something stopped him and he turned back.
'Listen, Tony, I don't wish to sound insecure or anything but I noticed a few sly downward glances from you before. I'd just like to point out that I recently woke up in a bathtub filled with ice. This,' he gestured at himself, 'is not representative.'
'Sure thing, boss.'
Joe reached through the small rectangular hole and pulled out a towel from the stack that was sitting on the counter. He wrapped it around himself, loincloth style as Tony watched.
'Fine, take it. This is a Rolex,' said Tony and he dismissed Joe with a wave of his hand.

It was cold outside, but Joe barely noticed it. He walked the streets barefoot, wearing nothing but his improvised loincloth, and with no clear idea of where he was going. Most people didn't even look at him, although some seemed to be purposefully averting their eyes. The streets were filled with the sound of distant screaming as the garbagemen prowled the streets looking for new prey. Joe saw a few trucks go past, but he didn't feel the urge to run, and they ignored him. With the sounds of gunshots ringing in his ears he eventually found himself walking through the Botanical Gardens, along the harbour-side path. There was nobody else in the gardens at all, late as it was, although many of the grassy areas were strewn with empty bottles and rubbish. On top of a small incline, overlooking the Opera House, he saw a huge tree. Its trunk was several metres thick with soaring branches that created a sort of natural ceiling, they were so dense. He felt somehow compelled to go to it, and he made his way up the wet grass. It was rough, and obviously quite old, but its root system was so welcoming. They formed many natural alcoves that almost looked designed to be sat in. There was a small plaque nearby, and he glanced at it. It said 'Sri Maha Bodhi - Latin name: ficus religioso' and the brief description underneath said that it had been grown from a cutting from a tree in Sri Lanka. Whatever it was, it was the best he had, and he nestled down amongst the roots and lay back, wincing as his stitches scraped on the bark. Things had certainly changed. He had thought that nothing worse could happen to him than the death sentence handed down by Dr Pontius, but it seemed that they could. He had lost his wife, his best friend, his job, his kidney, his mind, and in a few months he would lose his life as well. It didn't seem fair for a single man to lose so much so quickly, when just over a month ago he had been happily contemplating what he would be doing with his retirement. He had been hoping to retire early, maybe even at sixty if he was lucky. He still had the urge to travel, but that was not going to happen now. Pontius had informed him that no airline would take him because he was at risk of dropping dead during the flight due to his condition. His whole life he had been nowhere. India had seemed like the start of such an exciting new world, and it had ended up being his last hurrah before the monotony of life set in. How was it possible that the days could seem so interminably long and yet the years passed by like nothing at all? Then he remembered the one thing he did have. Sitting in his shed at home, was his guillotine. It didn't seem to matter at that moment who had written the message. The only thing that was important was that they had been right. It was the answer to all of his problems...
'Hey! What the fuck are you doing underneath my tree?' barked a voice, and Joe's eyes snapped open.
Standing in front of him was a wild-eyed man with unkempt hair and a huge beard that was probably an ecosystem unto itself. He was wearing clothes that were little more than rags, hanging from him like the skin of a mummified Egyptian.
'What?'
'This tree. It's mine. Everybody knows that. Everybody knows that this is Sid's tree. I've been here twenty years. Nobody gets to sit under Sid's tree without Sid's permission.'
'Well, Sid,' said Joe wearily. 'Can I please sit underneath your tree?'
'No. Fuck off!'
Joe shook his head, feeling the pain between his hand and his back fighting it out for supremacy across the battlefield of his synapses.
'Listen, Sid. I've recently discovered I have a tumour in my right temporal lobe and have four months to live. On top of that, tonight somebody stole my kidney, so if I could just sit here for a while...'
'Your kidney?' barked Sid. 'Why didn't you say? Any victim of the Medicare conspiracy is welcome to sit under Sid's tree.'
'The Medicare conspiracy?'
'Sure! You know. They've been at it for years. They've been extracting venom from red-belly black snakes and putting it into laundry powder, you know. For years they've been doing this and nobody said nothing. But I knew. Old Sid here was too smart for them. I don't use their laundry powder. That's when I found this tree. That's why I'm here.'
Joe's brow wrinkled as he tried to understand the concept, but he found that he couldn't manage it in his present state.
'Why would they do that?' he finally asked.
'Don't you get it? Join the dots. You wash your sheets in that stuff and then when you're sleeping at night it seeps into your system. It poisons you, see? They've been doing it for years. People get sick and they don't know why, so they go to the hospital and the doctors tell them they've got kidney failure. Then they take them out. They've got thousands of them.'
'Kidneys? What do they do with them?'
'Do with them?' Sid said feeling his logic starting to collapse around him. 'Well I don't know. They keep them in a big warehouse somewhere or something. I don't know. Why you asking me? Who sent you here anyway?'
The man was clearly a schizophrenic and ordinarily Joe would have felt sorry for him. He was generally fairly concerned with those people in the world who were worse off than him. It was a source of comfort to think that things could be worse, but at the moment he was actually struggling to see how things could be much worse.
'Of course, I don't eat their food either. That stuff they package. It's got microchips in it. They sit in your stomach. You can't digest silicon, so it just stays there and then they can track you. All the food you buy has it. Even fruit and vegetables they sell. That's why I don't eat nothing that hasn't fallen off the tree and I seen it with me own eyes. That's the only way you can be sure. They haven't worked out a way to get 'em to grow straight out of the tree yet. You haven't been eating their food have you?'
'I had a sandwich yesterday. From the convenience store.'
Sid's eyes suddenly filled with fear, and he lunged forward and grabbed Joe by the arm. As he tried to jostle him to his feet, Joe felt a tearing in his back again and screamed in rage so loudly that Sid jumped back.
'They've already got to you, haven't they?' he said fearfully.
Joe rubbed his back and his fingers came away wet with blood.
'I don't need this right now,' he said through teeth clenched in pain, 'Even when I'm sleeping I can't get any rest from this attack.'
Sid cocked his head like a curious cocker-spaniel hearing a tin being opened.
'Sleeping, you say? So you've been to the Underworld?'
'The Underworld?'
Sid leaned closer in a conspiratorial manner, and took Joe by the forearm with his filthy digits.
'The Underworld. I go there. Doctors said it was delusion, but I know it's not.'
Joe's interest was piqued now, despite the nature of the speaker, and he found himself prompting Sid to keep talking. Sid did so delightedly, as it had been many years since people had done anything but make their excuses and try to get away from him.
'It's just like here, see, only different. There's people there just like us, but it's all, you know, it's all in a different place. It's here but it's not here. It's underneath this world, but it's just as real. More than real.'
'This is the Underworld? So what's the point of it? What is it?'
'It's the next life!' declared Sid. 'These bodies of ours, they're nothing but vehicles. They're not what we are. We can come back and get it right. Eventually, we can get it right.'
'You're talking about reincarnation.'
'Sure, whatever you want to call it. But we have to find a way out. It don't just happen. You need to be sick to find the cure. Them that aren't sick, they don't go.'
Joe had seen enough televised specials about the Dalai Llama to have heard at least the ruminants of such a theory before, but it was difficult to give it credence in this situation. After all, Sid was clearly insane, and was unlikely to be able to provide any kind of evidence of his claim. Still, as the note had not-very-clearly stated;
THE MULE IS A VEHICLE
So the Meakes' were Grey's mules, smuggling in his viruses (which made people sick), and the mule was a vehicle. Joe decided to try a little experiment to see if Sid's opinion had any validity at all, or if this particular idea just happened to overlap with his own insane delusions. Sid seemed pretty capable of ranting at length on any subject, and it was just possible that Joe had somehow put the idea in his head.
'Sid, what do you think of books?'
Sid shook his head, running his fingers over his beard in some distress at the mention of the word.
'No, no, no,' he muttered. 'Don't borrow books from the library, you hear? They pass through so many hands. The publishers are just making them so that the government can spread diseases more easily. Any book by Stephen King, you rent it, and a few days later you've got scurvy. Barbara Cartland is for herpes, and Salman Rushdie they use for leukaemia. It's an experiment, see. They been doing it for years.'
Joe sighed and was embarrassed at having been drawn in for even a second by this pitiful specimen. He detached Sid's blackened fingers from his arm, gently but firmly. It appeared that they were both crazy, but Sid was just at a much more advanced stage. It was only to be expected; he'd been doing it a lot longer. It did clarify one thing. His hallucinations were becoming more real. He could not only see them, he could also feel them and talk to them. It was only a matter of time before he truly believed them, as Sid did. Joe had no wish to degenerate to that kind of a level and, with a heavy heart, he made a decision.
'Sid, I've spent the last month going crazy myself, so I'm really not concerned with somebody else's delusions. I hope you're happy here under your tree, but I think it's time I took some action.'
Sid nodded vigorously.
'Yeah, yeah that's good. You go away and take some action. Go away and do that. What you gonna do?'
'I've built a guillotine in my back shed. I think now is the appropriate time for the revolution to begin,' Joe replied, and he left Sid to continue nodding, his head perched on a spring made out of crazy.
'Gabriel Garcia Marquez gives you AIDS!' he shouted after Joe who ignored him, so Sid nestled back amongst the roots of his tree, muttering.

It's quite difficult for a man wearing nothing but a towel and with multiple open wounds to hail a taxi, which was something that Joe discovered the hard way. After several failed attempts, he decided that he had no choice but to walk, and it took him almost two hours to find his way back home. His feet were sore and bleeding by the time he arrived from walking over asphalt and concrete, but when he finally saw his house he felt a sense of immense relief. It faded quickly, because out the front was a police car. It was empty, but there was no doubt in Joe's mind where its occupants were. He hurried quickly up a side street and then down the street parallel to his own. Counting down the numbers, he decided he had found the house that lay directly behind his own. The front room was lit, but the curtains were drawn, so he very quietly made his way across the lawn, cursing as he tripped over a plastic flamingo that was decorating the grass. As he got to his feet, throwing the offending bird aside, he saw somebody peeking through the curtain so he made a dash up towards the side of the house.
'There's someone on the lawn...' he heard a frightened woman's voice say as he ran, but he kept going and soon he was in the back yard, looking at the fence that divided their two properties.
Just as he got to it, he heard the back door open.
'Hey you! What are you doing? I'm calling the police!'
Joe hoisted himself up and turned back to look at the dark mass that stood in the lit doorway.
'No thanks, I've already got some,' he said and threw himself over, landing awkwardly and rolling on the grass, stifling a yelp of pain.
The key to the shed was hidden underneath a brick in the flowerbed, and he retrieved it quickly and unlocked the shed. He was about to go in, but something stopped him. The light was on in his bedroom, and through the drawn curtain Joe could see the silhouette of at least three people upstairs. He decided to go inside. The back door was unlocked, and he pulled it open slowly, wincing as it creaked. For some reason, he just needed to see the house again one last time and he went in, peering around the doorway to the kitchen where the light was still on. There was nobody there except the picture of the duck and the basket of pinecones. On the bench next to the telephone was a thick black marker and the pad of paper for taking messages. Joe stepped gingerly towards them and picked them up. What was there to say at this point? No matter what he wrote, there would be no way that he could truly make anybody understand why he was doing what he was doing. In the end he scrawled a short note.
MARY. GONE TO HELL. I HAVE BORROWED YOUR HANDBASKET.
As he looked at the writing he was struck by the similarity to the anonymous notes he had been receiving. He had checked his writing against it before, but what was written in front of him now was something else. The advice he had been getting had all come from him. He had known all along what had to happen. He picked up the basket of pinecones and crept back towards the back door, but as he passed the stairs, the floorboard beneath him creaked.
'Joe?' said Mary's voice from upstairs.
There was no time to think and Joe simply ran, leaping out of the back door and spilling pinecones on the wet lawn as he rushed towards the shed. He glanced back once and standing in the doorway of the house was the unambiguous silhouette of a policeman.
'Mr Finch? Stay where you are,' he said authoritatively.
Joe considered the suggestion, but ultimately decided against it and kept going.
He reached the door of the shed and opened it as the policeman came barrelling across the lawn towards him.
'Mr Finch! I'm not going to hurt you! I just need to ask you a few questions,' he said, drawing his nightstick as he approached.
Joe slammed the door shut behind him and bolted it, just as the bulk of the man hit the shed and the whole structure shook.
'Fine, ask away,' he called through the wood.
The guillotine was as he had left it, a shaking, fragile structure, but it was missing one vital ingredient. Underneath an old car cover, Joe pulled out a metal toolbox and opened it. Nestled inside was a lawnmower blade that he had weighted with some heavy iron weights from an exercise machine he had bought years before and never used. It was a crude blade, and quite dull, but it would have to do. He had intended to sharpen it before putting it in position, but the policeman was now ramming the door with his shoulder so violently that the wood was starting to splinter. Joe put it on the workbench and then carefully placed the now-empty basket at the base of the machine in the perfect position to catch his head.
'Joe! Please come out. We only want to help you!'
It was Mary's voice, and the sound of it gave him pause for a second. She sounded so desperate and scared, but when the next blow to the door tore loose one of the screws from the bolt he was triggered back into action. He climbed up on the fragile base of the machine and fitted the blade into its grooves. It moved quite easily, because he had made them far too large and there was a lot of sideways motion as it slid up and down. He then took the rope that he had prepared and tied it on, gripping it tightly as he clambered back down. With a deep sigh, he knelt down and put his head in position, with his wounded hand holding the rope that in turn held his fate. With impeccable timing the door burst open and the policeman fell inside and onto the ground, his eyes swivelling up to look at the contraption in front of him. Mary rushed in immediately after him.
'What the...' began the policeman but his voice trailed away.
'Joe? What is that thing? It looks like...' her voice in turn trailed away.
'It's not very good I know. I never was much of a carpenter, Mary,' said Joe, his hand trembling as he held the rope.
His neck was resting on the base, still red from where the garbageman had choked him and the sweat and blood were oozing slowly from his body. Mary had her hand over her mouth, which was a perfect circle of horror but the policeman was more responsive and had gotten to his feet. He put his arms out in front of him as he edged forwards.
'Now, Mr Finch. Let's not do anything stupid.'
'Well it's a bit late for that, isn't it? I've done every other stupid thing, so this is all I've got left. Mary could you keep an eye out for the Scarlet Pimpernel? I'd like this to go off without a hitch.'
Mary couldn't speak and she could hardly see with so many tears in her eyes as the policeman inched ever closer. Joe's trembling hand suddenly stopped trembling as the weight of the blade became nothing. He had made his decision. He would not become like Sid, muttering and alone, and he released the rope. The blade trundled down its track picking up speed as both the policeman and Mary screamed and then, to Joe's surprise, it found its mark.

At the point of impact he could have sworn that he heard a child laughing.






23



I'm awake. After all these years of slumber I'm finally awake. The biting pain of the blade fades quickly as it jerks me from the dream and I sit up suddenly. I reach up and touch the scar on my neck, faded now, and years old. For a few seconds I'm not quite sure where I am, but the memories come flooding back quickly. Joe Finch, lost and alone, is clinging to a branch as the flood rages around him but it is too strong and he is washed downstream to mix with the rest of them. He was right of course, his essence was draining away, but it was his need to replenish it that was incorrect. It always happens that way. Every time they cling on, not realising that what awaits them is not oblivion, but salvation. I have lived and died more times than I can count, and every time I become something more. Joe Finch may be dead, but he is not forgotten. Right now, there is work to do. Lucy is looking at me curiously as she sits on the edge of the lounge in Grey's reception. It's only natural that I should wake up here, but now I am the one who is in control. Lucy, once so terrifying to me, is now an object of pity. I will save her, and all the rest of them. Everyone will be spared except for Grey.
'Lucy,' I say, sitting up. 'Can you still see through me?'
'I can,' she replies, but she seems confused.
'Do you know who I am, Lucy?'
She thinks about it, and then shakes her head.
'Not any more...'
Diana is looking at us now, and at me in particular. She can feel there is something wrong, but she doesn't know what it is. It amuses me to think that I was once so confused as well.
'Do you know what you are?' I ask her, and she again shakes her head.
'You're a vehicle, Lucy. Grey is trying to use you as his vehicle. He has no form, and he intends to use you to enter the Underworld.'
'What do you mean, use me?'
'I mean he will take possession of not only your body, but also your personality and your mind. He will be the passenger, and when he is finished he will abandon you and take another.'
Sid was right of course, the Underworld is more real than the dream we were living in. It's far newer and has not yet begun to fade. I know what Grey is as well. He is a tumour, but not just of the brain, he is a tumour of the mind. I have been reborn so many times that some part of me has become disconnected. Some of the personalities I inhabited refused to let go, and they dwelt together, trying to conceal themselves from me. They poisoned the world in which I lived and twisted it. Like all tumours, all they could conjure was death. Grey twisted things and tried to confuse Joe long enough to kill my new vehicle. But it's too late now. I am awake, and it is Judgement Day for Grey.
'Lucy, you like to kill, don't you?'
At this her mouth curls up into a smile, those teeth shining in her face like points of fire.
'Well it's time for Grey to die. He tried to consume you, but now it's your turn. Tell me, what is the thing that Grey fears most of all?'
Lucy thinks about it as Diana watches on.
'You.'
I laugh in spite of myself, for I had no idea that he had been so honest with his Vampire. Perhaps he wasn't. He created something he couldn't control. He moulded Lucy out of gelem and then he lost control of her. She wasn't meant for this world and she could see right through it. She could stroll back and forth between the Overworld and the Underworld at a whim, which is more power than he ever had. The best he could do was manifest himself in Joe Finch's mind.
'Lucy, honey, are you okay?' says Diana from over at the desk, and I turn my eyes towards her.
She can see the light from behind my lids, the light of Armaita, and it awes her into silence, just as Joe was awed by Gabriel.
'Ignore her, Lucy. She is nothing. She is two-dimensional and interchangeable. Soon she will be dead. It is infection that Grey fears the most, next to me. He collects viruses because he knows that death is the only way to cross, but they terrify him. He is as fragile as the skull he inhabits, and the mere suggestion would be enough. Do you understand what I'm saying?'
She may understand or she may not. Motive doesn't seem to concern her.
'How do I kill him?' she says, her eyes lighting up at the thought of death.
'That is what I'm telling you, Lucy. Use your imagination, or better still, use his.'

Something has shifted. I can feel a shift in pressure. There is more matter in the universe than there used to be. The darkness is lifting from my tomb, and I can feel myself becoming exposed, but it is not yet time. The door opens and the Vampire enters. Gavrilo is not with her.
'There is footage of you, Vampire, killing the geneticist.'
She runs a finger around a strand of hair near her face, as if wringing the blood out of it.
'Do I look pretty?' she asks.
I do not answer. There is no point. The pressure is even higher now as the door opens again and standing behind her is not the Instrument as I expected. It is Him. Not Joe Finch, but Him.
'You're awake,' I say, my voice falling flatly to the floor in front of him and forming a puddle of despair at his feet.
'I'm awake,' he replies.
The Vampire is looking at me with a strange expression. It is one that I have seen before, but I have never been at the receiving end. The most apt term to describe it would be 'bloodlust'. I have a sickening feeling deep inside of me, and I can feel my form slipping away. The Vampire looms larger in the glass, her eyes sparkling like corpses and her teeth as bright as ash.
'What is it you want?' I manage to say, although I know all too well what the answer will be.
She is no longer my Vampire. She is His now. Everything is His and I have failed.
'Can you feel them? Perhaps they are too small.' she says.
I pause mid-thought, my terror giving way to confusion. There is only one sound in my tomb. The air is circulating from a hole in the roof. I look down at my arm and the tube that runs away into the wall. The giver of life, but it scares me still. The Vampire is looking at it also.
'What have you done?'
She shrugs, but with it her body expands as she sucks some of the life from me through the glass. I can see it passing, and it leaves condensation in the shape of a skull. It smiles at me and drips away to the floor in an instant.
'You were so careful, but not careful enough.'
Suddenly I feel Him behind me. He is inside my tomb. He places an arm on my shoulder and it sears me with the heat of it.
'The virus? Can you feel it?' He says in my ear, whispering so close that it reverberates.
Lucy is pressed up against the glass, straining to see, and I reach down and tear the tube from my arm, letting an arcing trail of liquid spray the glass where she stands. She laughs, a sound like a scream, shattered into a hundred staccato notes.
'It's too late,' she says as His hand grips my other shoulder.
'We can see through your lies,' He says.

Gavrilo Yama took a sip of his coffee and almost instantly spat it out again. The coffee machine in Grey's building was a hit and miss affair, although it was all too frequently miss in Gavrilo's opinion. He threw the entire cup into the bin as he emerged from the lift and strolled across the carpeted floor of the fifth floor. Lucy was still waiting in reception, and he certainly didn't feel like incurring another one of her moods, or worse still, a penknife in the knee as she had once done when he had killed a man in Reno just to watch him die, and not invited her along. She was temperamental, just as her mother had been. But she was smarter too. She had inherited something of the cunning that he felt he was blessed with, and a thousand times the enthusiasm. He reached into his pocket and pulled out his revolver as he approached the office door, placing a single bullet in the chamber as he had done so many times before. Somehow he never tired of it, although Lucy had tried to convince him it was puerile. He entered the room with a kick to the door, brandishing the gun and pointing it at Diana. She looked up in alarm at first but when she saw who it was she shook her head.
'Mr Yama, you really have to stop doing this. Security saw you on the camera the other day and it took me twenty minutes to convince them it was just a joke.'
Gavrilo shook his head.
'It's no joke, Diana. The Huntress becomes the hunted!'
At this, Diana did smile. Diana's smile widened even further as he pulled the trigger. In fact it widened by quite a few centimetres and also went backwards at just under the speed of sound, coming to rest squelchingly on the wall behind her along with large portions of her skull. Diana was not feeling lucky, it seemed. Her body slumped forwards, seeping with wasted life, and then slid slowly off her Swedish design house chair and onto the floor. The smell of gunpowder wafted into Gavrilo's nostrils as he stood holding the gun in front of him. Gavrilo was not a poet, nor did he have any sense of the grandiose.
'Holy fucking shit,' he said.

I fall to the floor. I can feel them consuming me from within, eating me alive as I squirm, just as I had sought to do to Him. He stands over me, his face blank, but his eyes glowing with fury.
'You sought to steal fire from the Gods, Grey, and now you are being punished for it.'
I would ask for forgiveness, but this is not the God to grant it. There is only oblivion, not just for me, but for all that he has created. He is omnipotent, but I am now nothing more than omnimpotent. All powerless. I turn my head over to look at the Vampire, even as my neck melts away beneath it and it falls to the floor, cut off from its support. She is growing bigger, so much so that she fills the window with a thousand eyes and teeth that eat themselves. A thousand mouths all screaming the same thing.
'I am NOT a vehicle!'
She knows what she was designed for. It's dangerous for anybody to see their place. For the Vampire, for me, even for Him.
'Why do you think your vehicle manifested as this Vampire, Grey? I can tell you. It's because that is what you are. You are nothing but a parasite, tearing yourself from what we both once were. That is why you failed, and were always destined to fail.'
I try to turn back to him, but I can't. There's nothing left of me. I have drained from the skull of his dead Joe Finch and now there is nowhere for me to go. He has forsaken me.
'You killed Mohammed. He was mine but you corrupted him and made him fight against me as well. He was conflicted, but in the end his duty was to me. And when he tried to wake me you sent your men of garbage to destroy him. You climbed into Joe's brain and tried to eat him alive, and in his name I do the same to you.'
'The Furies. They are still unleashed,' I say in the darkness, but He doesn't answer me.
There is no more light, not even from Him, and I have lost all form. I have become nothing but essence, mingling with the matter and energy of His thought. And I can hear the Vampire. I can hear a child laughing.

'The next time we meet, we will not have a common goal,' Lucy says as we both stare at the dead man, a void where a person should have been.
'I look forward to it,' I reply as she walks from Grey's room, amused that she thinks it possible to threaten me.
As she comes out, Gavrilo is trying to come in, his face white and panicked in a way she has never seen before. She can smell the powder and she glances behind him at the desk where Diana is normally seated. Gavrilo glances past her through the open door at the glass and the darkness beyond. Then they both look at each other for a moment as an understanding is transmitted between them without words.
'We'd better go,' says Gavrilo.
'Yes.'
Gavrilo rushes ahead but Lucy pauses as she passes Diana's desk and looks around to examine the mess her father has made. Just as she promised, she sees Diana dead and she smiles at the sight.






24



Blink. The monitor is beeping again. I'm back. I can feel somebody moving me around and I blink again in time with the machine. It's a nurse, and she appears to be trying to turn me on my side. She's busily singing to herself the latest song by generic R&B artist <insert name here> and doesn't notice me at first, but when she does she lets out a little shriek.
'Mr Finch?' she says hesitantly, her arms still up by the side of her head where she'd put them in her comical surprise.
'Carol Baker, thirty two, unmarried?' I ask in reply and she puts a hand to her mouth and backs away from the bed.
'I'm going to get... I have to go and get Doctor Pontius,' she says, rushing from the room as the blood drains from her face.
I'm in the hospital, yet again. They've put me in the same bed as before. I look out of the doorway onto the hall where I first saw Lucy walk past. What filled me with terror at the time instils a sort of nostalgia in me now. My snoring neighbour is long gone, and I invent a story for his life. I make it a happy one, giving him a wife and triplets as well as a nice house in the country. I lie there, as there really is very little else for me to do and I would certainly be interested in seeing what Pontius has to say. My neck has very restricted movement and when I reach up to find out why I discover that I'm wearing a plastic neck brace. I tear it off and throw it to the floor, where it hits with an audible splitting noise. My neck is bandaged as well, and when I reach up to touch it I can feel that there are stitches all along the back. I laugh out loud.
'Well, Joe. It appears you weren't much of a carpenter, just like you said. Still, you certainly managed to wake me up.'
The bandage around my neck is quite tight, and I'm sure it would be difficult to breath if a plastic tube sticking out of my throat wasn't performing that function for me. This I tear out with a flourish, just as Dr Pontius enters the room. When he sees what I'm doing he rushes towards the bed, calling for the nurse.
'Mr Finch, now you need that to live, yes?' he says, picking it up from the floor and attempting to place it back into my throat quite forcefully.
I keep him away from me with equal force and he eventually stops trying once he notices that I am not, in fact, suffocating.
'Remarkable,' he mutters to himself.
'It certainly is,' I reply, quite surprised at how frail my voice sounds.
The nurse, who has returned to the room, is standing beside him looking at me fearfully. She whispers something in his ear that I'm not supposed to hear, but can catch quite easily.
'He knew my name, and age. He told me when he woke up.'
Pontius looks at her thoughtfully and then back at me, and with his usual tactlessness answers her whilst looking at me.
'Yes well, the coma patient can sometimes be fully aware of surroundings, yes? So I can assume that he has heard you speak of these things in his presence and they have registered.'
'But he knew I wasn't married as well,' she insists.
Again Pontius continues looking at me as he answers, scratching his chin now with the end of a pen that he has extracted from his pocket to write on my chart.
'Well you must have spoken to somebody about that while you were turning him. It's really not so uncommon.'
The answer is simple of course. I don't know anything about this woman, but she is clearly only an extra and of no real importance. Therefore her back story has never been written. Therefore I am free to write it as I choose, and she is forced to accept it as truth. I look at the nurse and smile politely.
'I also know that when you were fourteen years old you took some peanut butter from the fridge and let the family dog...'
She screams and runs from the room, leaving Pontius to look after her with a bemused expression on his face that quickly turns into a puzzled one, and then a quizzical one, before finally settling on a curious one. On anybody else, they would all look much the same, but Pontius has a gift for subtlety in facial expression that he lacks in his speech.
'So, Mr Finch, may I call you Joe?'
I nod, although neither name is appropriate any more.
'So, Joe, you are awake at last. You have had a good sleep, yes?'
'I suppose I did. How long was I gone for?'
Pontius looks behind him and then back at me, apparently worried that the answer will alarm me.
'You have been in a coma for three days.'
'Three days. Fine. Let me ask you this? Why am I not decapitated? I was pretty much counting on the guillotine killing me outright and frankly my continued existence here could prove to be a pain in the neck.'
Pontius laughs and points at me with an index finger to indicate that I am the one who has made the joke he is laughing at. It is a trifle unnecessary as there is nobody else in the room with us.
'Yes, very good, very good. Well there is something of a funny story, well not funny of course in the strict sense of the word, but certainly an oddity. Your design was perhaps not too well thought out, and well fortunately for you, your skills as a carpenter are rather, how should I say this...'
'Quickly,' I suggest.
'Well let me just say that the mechanism stalled and although you did receive a very serious injury, the police officer at the scene was able to stabilise you until the ambulance arrived. You are very, very lucky, Mr Finch.'
'Did it not occur to you, Dr Pontius, that as I was the one who placed my head on the block and released the blade that I therefore wished for decapitation? In that case, surely I should be considered unlucky.'
Pontius writes something on the chart but doesn't take his eyes off me as he does it. He seems a little uncomfortable with the comment.
'Well, ahem, yes. That is perhaps a question more for Dr Armaita than for myself. My duty now is a difficult one, although there are good and bad sides.'
'I'll take the good news,' I reply, certain that neither piece of news will be a problem in any way.
'Well, whilst you were unconscious, your wife signed the consent forms for you to have surgery,' he began and I put my hand up to the side of my head, just above my right ear. Sure enough, my fingertips encountered nothing but soft, smooth skin and yet another scar to add to my growing collection.
'You were deemed to be mentally incapable of making the decision in view of your... attempt, and so we were legally able to perform the surgery.'
I shrug. This news, just as I suspected, is of a type totally irrelevant to me. Joe Finch would have cared but I do not. Pontius pauses, and I can tell he thinks he is about to say something of a delicate nature. I wish I could somehow convince him to just tell me these things that don't matter.
'There was a surprise when we performed the surgery. I am at a loss to explain this to you, Mr Finch, in light of the fact that we did innumerable scans...'
'You did nine scans.'
'In light of the fact that we did nine scans I cannot be certain how this has occurred, but the fact of the matter is that the tumour is, well, the tumour was not there.'
I sense his disappointment at my total lack of reaction and I try to explain it to him in the simplest terms that I can.
'I know. I convinced Lucy to kill Mr Grey psychosomatically and consequently his manifestation as a tumour was ended.'
Although those are pretty much the simplest terms I can use to describe what happened, Pontius is clearly far from convinced. Not only is he not convinced by the explanation but it is equally clear that he has no idea what I'm talking about.
'Never mind. If you're worried about the hospital or being sued or anything of that nature, then I can assure you I have no intention of doing so. Even if I did want to, the legal proceedings would take months and the universe is likely to end in the next two days, so there would be no point.'
It was a comment designed to put his mind at ease, but it doesn't seem to. He writes something else down on my chart and then places it on the end of the bed. He takes off his glasses, which had been such a part of his general persona that I hadn't even noticed he was wearing them until he removed them. He wipes them on his tie.
'I'm afraid, there were certain complications during the surgery. The news is good of course, you have no tumour! This is a thing to celebrate, naturally, however it occurred. But during your surgery you had a seizure, yes? An epileptic seizure, which we were unable to suppress. In fact, during the three days of your coma, you have had no less than twenty five such seizures, and we are unable to treat them in any way so far.'
I didn't expect him to say that, but it doesn't really matter. I have nothing against seizures in particular.
'Although you have had these before, the great number of seizures would indicate to us that you have developed temporal lobe epilepsy. It is a normally treatable condition, although it can be debilitating.'
'Well I'm sure I can live with that,' I reply, and make to get out of bed, but to my surprise, Pontius leans forward and places his hand on my chest.
'There is another piece of bad news, I'm afraid. When the blade hit your neck, it partially severed your spinal cord. Whilst you have limited use of your arms you may find that they lack strength. More importantly, yes, is the fact that you have no mobility of the legs. I'm afraid that you will never walk again, Mr Finch. There is simply too much damage.'
I sigh at this news, and Pontius actually takes a hold of my hand in sympathy, a strange gesture, but I can't help but like him for it. Still, as touching as it may be, it's as irrelevant as everything else and I throw the sheet off of my body and swing my legs over the side of the bed.
'I'm just going to the bathroom, but I really appreciate you telling me,' I say, and then stand up and walk towards the door of the room.
Pontius watches me with amazement, but then suddenly comes to his senses and rushes after me.
'You must get back into bed immediately, Mr Finch!' he cries. 'You're breaking the laws of medical science!'
I can hear him coming up behind me, and I have seen enough hospital dramas to know what to do. The first day of arrival in hospital, it's important to go up to the first doctor you see and hit him with a chair. That way the other doctors respect you. So that is what I do. I pick up the surprisingly heavy visitor's chair next to the empty bed by the door and as Pontius approaches I spin around and hit him across the head with it. He crumples to the floor in a heap and the chair falls down with a clang beside him.
'I'm sorry about that,' I reply, 'but I really don't have time for this. Armageddon is only two shopping days away.'
Just outside the door, only a few metres away, are two unrealistically large wardsmen. They see me, and then they see Pontius lying on the ground in front of me. I hold my hands over Pontius, palms facing downwards, and close my eyes.
'Physician, heal thyself!'
To my annoyance, Pontius does not move. If anything he gets even more still, as if even his atoms have slowed in their vibration just to mock me. It appears that here, in this world, I am as omnimpotent as Grey.
'Oh well,' I say to the wardsmen. 'One of you better do it then,'
I make a dash for it and before too long they are both rushing towards me as if I'm a fox and they're a pair of overly excited hunting dogs with huge muscles and ill-fitting uniforms. I make a valiant effort to escape, but I'm tackled to the floor in a way that would certainly not be in the procedural manual in regards to moving a patient with a spinal cord injury. I struggle in vain, but they are simply too strong, and despite the fact that I am fully aware that neither of them truly exists, they still manage to haul me back towards my room. It appears that whilst my mind has been released from Joe Finch, I am still very much trapped in the prison of his body.






25



Armaita rubs his eyes with his forefingers as he looks at me from across the table. I am not sitting in my usual chair, but rather in a wheelchair with restraints, as I am now considered one of the dangerous patients and "prone to bouts of violence". I feel no such thing as I stare at the psychiatrist, but it is a reasonable precaution from their point of view so I allow it. He sighs melodramatically, but it's part of his act. It is a gesture designed to make me feel that he truly cares about and is sad to see that things have come to this.
'Joe, Joe, Joe. What am I going to do with you?' he says.
'Thomas, Thomas, Thomas,' I reply. 'Your decisions are irrelevant now. You can do whatever you wish.'
'You've hit rock bottom, Joe. The one benefit of that, I suppose, is that now we can start again with a fresh foundation. There's nowhere else to go but up. You are, of course, aware of what has happened?'
'More than you could understand,' I reply.
Armaita nods as if this makes sense to him, even though it doesn't.
'In view of your recent behaviour, I had no choice but to give my recommendation that in my opinion you are not of sound mind. Your wife has had you committed, Joe.'
I did not know that. I had thought I was being restrained because of the small matter that I knocked the Head Oncologist unconscious with a chair, but apparently my imprisonment was decided before I even woke up.
'There may be a problem with that, Thomas. I'm afraid of commitment. Just ask my high school girlfriend.'
'This is no joking matter. I didn't sign that paper lightly, and I can assure you that it hurt me to do it, but I really had no choice. You inflicted harm upon yourself with a kitchen knife, you were covered in numerous small cuts and bruises, and you attempted suicide with a homemade guillotine. You also appear to have been choked quite severely at some point. There's also the small matter of your kidney.'
I laugh at the mention of it, just picturing their surprise when they saw the jagged scar down my back. If my kidney was anything other than metaphysical, I might lament its absence, but it's of no concern now.
'What happened to you, Joe? Where did you go that night?'
'I went for a walk. I'd just discovered Harry in bed with my wife and I wasn't feeling in the mood for their company.'
'Do you remember where you went?' he asks me.
'Of course. I went to King's Cross. It's a dangerous place at night. On the way, I was accosted by one of Grey's death squads. That's where I was choked. They were after Mohammed, but I got in the way.'
Armaita scrawls a note in his pad, but for all I know he could be writing his shopping list. It takes him a little while and I wait patiently while he does it, running my eyes across the bookcase behind him and stretching my hands out and then back into fists to keep the blood flowing despite the tight restraints.
'Mohammed?' he finally says.
I nod.
'Mohammed Ashhab. I should have realised that he was working both sides of the fence. He's meant to be working for me, but he was also trying to help Grey. Not his fault of course, just part of the corruption that Grey brought upon the world.'
'This is Mr Grey, the man from your dreams who lives behind the glass,' Armaita says, looking down at his pad.
'Very good. I guess there is some point to you taking those notes after all. Yes, Mohammed is supposed to arrive to help wake me up, being the only one who can speak directly to me. Everyone else could only speak to Joe Finch. But with Grey's influence, he was tainted. He helped and hindered me. I should have realised of course, as Ashhab means grey in Arabic. Unfortunately, Joe Finch didn't know Arabic.'
'What do you mean, Joe Finch didn't know?'
I've got his interest now, but it's still in the detached clinical sense. I haven't reached him on any kind of personal level yet. He waits for me continue without prompting and I oblige him. While I'm stuck here there's no harm in passing the time.
'It's all coming to an end. It will take about two days. That's a rough estimate.'
'What is?' he asks.
'This world. This universe. All of it. There will be no survivors except for me. In fact, there never was anybody except for me. I created this world and I've created a new one underneath it.'
'A new world?'
'An Underworld. To replace this one.'
Armaita nods knowingly when I say this, and I'm quite sure I know what his theory will be. He will say that after my "suicide attempt" I am having trouble dealing with the implications and have invented a fantasy world with which to justify it.
'So this is about your condition. I can only begin to understand the thought processes that went on there, Joe, but you have to understand something. You tried to commit suicide. That is an incredibly rash act, and now that you've survived perhaps the impetus that drove you to it is not quite as strong any more. Your mind is trying to work out some way to integrate it into your sense of self. It's a natural reaction, but we need to face this thing, rather than give in to delusion.'
More or less, his answer was as I predicted so I nod as if accepting his words, but then I pull out my ace, the question to which he will have no answer.
'So where is the tumour?'
He looks down at his notes, perhaps hoping that the answer is written there.
'How am I able to walk when I'm supposed to be a paraplegic?' I add.
There is a fairly long pause, longer than most, as Armaita considers this.
'I don't know. I really don't know. There were obviously mistakes made, but there can still be no doubt that you have a brain injury. You've been experiencing seizures, and Dr Pontius informs me that it is his opinion that you have temporal lobe epilepsy.'
'Yes I've heard. But frankly I think my explanation holds up better than his. None of this is real, except for me. Everything that exists is nothing more than a product of my own mind. When Joe Finch died, and he did die, I was returned to the forefront. I have lived thousands of lifetimes, Thomas. I can remember them all.'
Not surprisingly, Armaita is sceptical. I don't blame him, but this is not the time for soft words. It's not every day that a man meets his maker.
'What are you telling me, Joe?'
'Im telling you,' I say, as succinctly as possible 'that I am God.'
Another long pause. Longer than the previous one. Finally he speaks again.
'I see. I wonder if I need to point out to you how that sounds. For one thing, dont you think its incredibly arrogant to assume that you are the centre of the universe?
'Only if youre not.
'But what do you think is more likely? That youre God and everything is just a figment of your imagination or that youve become mentally unstable as a result of a medical condition?
'Likely doesn't come into it. I am God.'
Armaita writes something else down in his book, and unfortunately, strapped as I am to a wheelchair, I am unable to tear the book from his hands and see what it is as I did before. The restraints in fact, are starting to dig into my wrists and I consider asking him to loosen them, although I know exactly what he will say. He sighs as he looks back up at me.
'None of this strikes you as just a little bit ridiculous?' he asks.
'Of course it does. But the truth often is.'
'No it isn't, Joe...' he begins, but I stop him.
'Joe Finch is dead.'
'Okay. So what should I call you?'
'My name is Legion, for we are many. A tad melodramatic perhaps, but it is oddly appropriate. All these past lives dwell within me now, and will do so until I take a new vehicle.'
Armaita stands up suddenly, and turns to the bookcase behind him. He starts to run his finger over the spines of leather-bound books that he has probably never read until he comes to a small one on the end. He places it on the desk and opens it up somewhere in the middle, licking his fingertip as he moves through the pages. Finally he finds what he is looking for, just as I am about to lose all interest in the proceedings.
'Here. The Gerasene Demons. My name is Legion for we are many, a passage from the Bible. Do you know what it's about?'
I do, of course. I know what everything's about.
'The Gerasene Demons are a multitude of demons that inhabited a single body and need to be cast out and thrown back into the pits of hell,' Armaita tells me unnecessarily.
'So? What do you suggest? A better diet and regular exorcise?'
Armaita closes the book with a thud and slides it to the side of the table.
'I simply think that that is an odd analogy for a psychiatric patient to use, unless you subconsciously know that these demons are nothing more than a symptom of your illness and need to be cast out.'
'It was just an expression,' I argue, for argument's sake.
Armaita shakes his head and wags his finger at me, once again releasing a slight cluck of excitement. The bloodhound has found a trail.
'No, I don't believe that it is. I've been speaking to Dr Pontius quite a bit about your condition. Now assuming you do have temporal lobe epilepsy, and it seems increasingly likely that you do, there's something you should know about it.'
'Just a few days ago Dr Pontius was convinced I had a malignant brain tumour. Only yesterday he was convinced I would never walk again. His opinion is hardly gospel.'
Armaita accepts this point, but still attempts to hammer his own home. Perhaps he believes it will make his book more exciting.
'Temporal lobe epilepsy affects an area of the brain which has long been known to deal with religious experiences. There have been tests done on nuns and priests, compared with control samples of less religious people or atheists.'
Armaita is the classic example of an atheist of the worst kind. A fundamentalist atheist, prepared to embark on an unholy war to wipe out the faith of others with his unfaltering logic. Even sitting opposite God and talking to him doesn't seem to convince him otherwise. He can't be saved.
'Furthermore,' he continues, 'there have been many documented cases of people suffering from the same condition as you who have suddenly become intensely religious. Some even believed themselves to have had visitations from Angels and the like. These are clearly delusions, but their root source is in the right temporal lobe, just above the ear, where your tumour was thought to be. Now whatever the problem is, there is a definite convergence with those cases and your own.'
'I don't follow.'
'You've just claimed to be God! You were depressed, Joe... whatever you wish to be called, you were depressed to the point of suicide. You used to talk to me quite frequently about how your problems couldn't compare with the suffering of others in the world. You said that people were dying every day and nobody did anything to prevent it.'
I try and raise my wrist, but the leather restraint stops me. It's beginning to become quite painful. I'm starting to cramp.
'Is there any chance we could loosen these restraints?'
Armaita ignores me and continues to preach his diagnosis, willing into existence the advance from a publisher that he seems sure this will bring.
'You were concerned about the suffering in the world so you invented a way to solve it. You convinced yourself that those people didn't really exist. You were given a death sentence by Dr Pontius and you convinced yourself that you were God so that you wouldn't have to face it. Isn't that obvious to you? Can't you see the logic in what I'm saying?'
Unfortunately, I do see the logic in what he's saying. In fact, as far as explanations go, I think it's quite a reasonable one. The only problem is that it's not the correct one. I don't really know any other way to explain it to him so I just nod as if to agree with him. He smiles.
'Good. Now back to this kidney. What happened?'
'Oh, you're still on about that? Well I went to a prostitute called Judith and she drugged me and stole my kidney. Presumably for sale on the black market. That's what the note said.'
'The note?' asks Armaita.
'They left me a note when I woke up in the bathtub filled with ice.'
'That's not what really happened though, is it? That story is an urban legend, it's been around for a long time, but it's no more than that. What really happened?'
'That's what happened. Do you doubt me, Thomas?'
He looks me square in the eye, perhaps hoping to see a glimmer of sarcasm. In the month that Joe's been coming to see Thomas Armaita he has given him very little reason to trust him at his word. His contempt for psychiatry in general and Armaita in particular was never really hidden. I am not Joe any longer, but I still hold a similar view, and Joe is still a part of me. He seems to have a stronger hold over my personality than the thousands of others when I'm in the Overworld. Perhaps he has the home ground advantage. Finally, after a while, Armaita seems to accept that I'm telling the truth.
'I believe that you believe it. That's enough, but I'm not certain we'll ever know what really happened that night.'
'I know for a fact that you won't. I already do.'
Armaita looks at me smugly.
'So tell me, Joe. If you're all powerful, why is it that you let two wardsmen strap you to a wheelchair? If you truly are the creator of the universe, why is it that you're sitting in my office talking to me? Perhaps you should think about that.'
I have thought about that, at length.
'I have thought about that, and I don't know the answer. In the Underworld I can manipulate things as I see fit. But here, in Joe Finch's body, I seem to be powerless. It's never happened before. I'm meant to be dead and gone in this world and reborn in the next. Grey's appearance altered things.'
'So in this Underworld of yours, which you can only access by sleeping, you are all powerful, but here you have no power, and therefore no proof of your claims? Doesn't that strike you as a little bit convenient?' he says, almost triumphantly.
'No it doesn't. It strikes me as incredibly inconvenient,' I reply, struggling against my restraints to demonstrate what I mean.
'What I mean is, you're fitting your story to the facts when the facts don't fit to your story. If we can find enough of these logic gaps then I believe that we may yet be able to save you.'
'Save me. From being crazy, you mean?'
Armaita shakes his head, chastising me.
'No. You know I don't like the word crazy, Joe,' he says.
'And I don't like the word prolapse,' I reply. 'But if somebody has six inches of intestines sticking out of their anus then there's no other word for it, right? You think I'm crazy.'
'No I don't. The word crazy implies judgement of some kind and I don't believe that anyone has the right to judge somebody's way of looking at the world. What I am here to do is rectify thoughts that lead to harm, either to yourself or to others.'
The word rectify leads me to the word prolapse again in an internal word association game that I can't help playing.
'I am not in the business of altering the thoughts of an individual to some arbitrary norm. There is no such norm, but there is a basic congruence of ideas that allow somebody to live a productive life. That's what I'm aiming for,' continues Armaita soothingly.
He sounds like he's just read me the brochure for a health spa. The kind that promotes vitality and general well being and is actually then filled with lobotomised imbeciles and electroshock therapy rooms. It's too polished to be true. Armaita is nothing but a creation of my mind in any case, and given my poor opinion of psychiatrists, he is bound to be a particularly poor example.
'I also don't like the word synergy. As far as I can tell it doesn't actually mean anything,' I reply, and his eager expression evaporates.
'I think we've had enough for today. You've certainly given me a lot to think about, Joe, and I hope I returned the favour. I want you to be well again, whether you believe that or not.'
He presses a button on the intercom and calls for the two wardsmen in wolves clothing.
'And I am your God, Thomas, whether you believe that or not. And as a test of your faith, I command you to take your only daughter, Gabriel, and offer her as a sacrifice to me.'
The door opens and the two wardsmen come in, looking angrier than cats in a sack. One of them takes the handles of my wheelchair roughly and spins me around to face the door.
'Yes I've heard that story as well, Joe. And at the last minute God stops me, after I have proved the extent of my faith.'
I turn my head back, frowning.
'What? No. Why would I stop you? Stab the bitch.'
Armaita does not smile as I am wheeled from his office and back to my room.






26



As I switch on the light, Evan moans and sits up, rubbing one of his eyes with a knuckle. He looks at me, standing by the door.
'What? What do you want now?' he says irritably, just as Ada begins to stir.
'We have to go. The Furies are coming.'
Ada is awake now as well, her hair flattened on one side as she also sits up.
'What?'
'Lucy knows you're here, therefore so does Gavrilo. We don't have much time,' I say calmly, something which Evan picks up on immediately.
'What? Well you don't seem too concerned about it.'
'I'm not. They can't hurt you, but you have to come with me now.'
They both seem uncertain, but soon enough they're on their feet and starting to get dressed. I look around the room, especially at the brown patch outside the bathroom door. It seems so recent that Joe was here with Judith, but the stain on the carpet looks years old. It's dried into a sort of crust. I poke my head into the bathroom, where splatter marks adorn the walls like bad art, dried into that same sickening brown. A part of Joe's essence, now nothing more than decor.
'Quickly.'
They're both dressed, but Lucy is pulling on a pair of sneakers with no socks. She stands up smartly, like a soldier ready for inspection.
'So where are we going?' she asks.
'We're going to where this all started. Back to where it should have begun before Grey polluted everything with his cancer.'
I lead them from the room and we trot down the stairs in single file. At the bottom, behind a wire mesh, sits  the fat figure of Tony. He glances up disinterested as we pass, but then pauses and looks at his watch. Joe's watch.
'You've still got another five hours. You don't get no refunds for leaving early, you know,' he says.
We're about to leave anyway when I stop and walk over to the booth. Tony is reading a newspaper that seems solely devoted to nudity and alien abductions and he looks at me nervously as I approach. I stare at him. Not just at his body, but at his mind.
'What? Waddya looking at?' he says, folding his paper aggressively, but with eyes so fearful they look ready to burst.
'Hold out your left hand, Tony.'
'What? No. Hold out your own hand, freak.'
'What are you doing? You said we had to go!' Evan says from the red door, which he is holding open with his foot.
'Hold out your left hand, Tony,' I repeat.
He's starting to sweat. He can see that my eyes are not quite human, but he's not sure what they are. With an incremental slowness, he extends his left arm towards the small hole in the booth.
'I believe this is mine,' I say, and I unclip the watch from his wrist and slide it onto my own in a single movement. 'It's not a real Rolex, by the way.'
He seems paralysed and he just looks at me as I follow Evan and Ada out of the door and onto the streets of King's Cross.
'Who are you?' he calls after me, once I have moved far enough away to break the spell.
I turn and smile at him. He knows who I am. With that, I follow the Meakes out onto the street and we leave the Valhalla behind.

The streets are crowded, it seems like it must be a Friday or Saturday night. It's hard for me to tell. My time spent in the Underworld is so fleeting that whilst over a month has passed in the Overworld, only a few days have passed here. We move through the crowds, with me leading the way, and Evan and Ada trail in my wake. People part before us as I approach. None of them is aware that they're doing it, but there is a definite path forming for us and soon we are away from the noisy crowds of the Cross and heading down a dark alleyway towards Hyde Park. I am fully aware of what happens when one goes down a dark alleyway, in fact I'm counting on it, but it is at this point that Ada chooses to discuss things.
'Wait. Stop. Will you tell us where the hell we are going?'
She grabs my arm and forces me to stop. She looks scared and confused, but angry as well. She reminds me of Mary and I put my hand on hers comfortingly.
'You have to trust me, Ada.'
Unlike most of the people in the Underworld, Ada does not seem so easily soothed. It's one of the reasons I like her. Most of them are nothing but mindless automatons, here only for window dressing to make the world seem less dark. Ada, being closer to the source, is a fully formed personality.
'It's not possible for me to explain myself to you. I can tell you that Grey is dead.'
'Grey is dead? How?'
I shrug.
'He was never really alive in the first place. He never had a true form. He was nothing more than an idea, and ideas are easily forgotten. But before he died he unleashed the Furies on you, and they will not rest until you are dead. They cannot be called off and they cannot be bargained with. The only thing that can stop them is me.'
They're both looking at me strangely now, possibly because I'm talking pseudo-mythological bullshit, or possibly because I have a piece of spinach stuck in my teeth. Either way, I'm not really getting through to them.
'Why are we listening to you anyway? You're nothing but a narrative device,' argues Evan.
I shake my head.
'Oh no, Evan. I am so much more than that. I'm the beginning and the end. I'm the substance and the form. I'm the way and the light. I'm the question and the answer.'
'Well I'm the sick and the tired of your bull and your shit,' Ada snaps. 'Why do you insist on talking riddles all the time when all I'm asking for is a straight answer? We don't know who or what you are. Why should we follow you anywhere?'

Gavrilo pulled the car to a halt on the curb just outside the hotel. He looks up at the red door at the top of its crooked stairs. Rotten teeth beneath a blind eye.
'This is it?'
Lucy nodded, but Gavrilo was in bad mood.
'Well don't think this makes up for it. You know, Lucy, of all the employers of mine that you've killed, this one annoys me the most.'
Lucy looks at him caustically.
'Well of all the mothers you've killed, killing my mother annoyed me the most,' she replied.
Gavrilo thought about this for a moment and then seemed to decide that it was a fair point.
'We'll call it even, shall we? Here, just wait a second,' he said, jumping out and starting out across the street.
'Where are you going?' Lucy called out after him.
'I'm just getting a ham and cheese bagel. I don't know how long this is going to take and I haven't eaten today.'
He walked into the convenience store, lit with fifteen fluorescent lights that seemed designed solely to highlight flaws in people's skin. There was a teenager behind the counter, who was particularly unfortunate to be standing underneath those particular lights. Gavrilo waved at him dismissively as he strutted past.
'Hey, get me a bagel, would you? You got a toilet?'
The teenager pointed to the back of the store, barely looking up from his magazine that was declaring that some unknown young actor was the new slightly-better-known young actor. Engrossed as he was, he half-heartedly took some greasy tongs and tried to fish a bagel out of the countertop bacteria corral. Gavrilo pushed the door open, strutting in with his usual affected swagger, but cursing as his suede shoes sluiced through the urine of fifty different men.
'Doesn't anyone know how to aim?' he said, stepping gingerly towards the urinal.
As it turned out, his aim was quite precise, as one would expect from a mercenary killer and when he emerged from the bathroom, his bagel was sitting on the counter, working hard on making its white paper bag transparent with grease. The teenager looked up as he approached.
'That's three fifty,' he said.
Gavrilo picked it up without slowing down.
'Well my shoes cost three hundred dollars, so we'll call it even, shall we?'
As the automated door of the shop trundled open the teenager came around from behind the counter at a run.
'You can't just...' he began, but Gavrilo was in no mood.
He pulled out his pistol and swung around, firing instantly. The bullet sped past the teenager and exploded into a pyramid of soup tins, knocking them down like skittles. The teenager had dropped to floor at the sound of the gun and lay there shivering as Gavrilo left the store.
'Get a mop to that bathroom, you little pus factory.'
Outside, people had heard the shot and began to scream as Gavrilo strode out, gun in one hand, savoury bagel in the other. Lucy, who had been watching from the car, was shaking her head in disbelief.
'You can't do anything right, can you?' she said wearily as he came up alongside the open window.
Gavrilo held up a shoe, which was dark with urine, as if this was all the explanation that was necessary. Lucy got out of the car, ignoring the people who were either fleeing in terror, or backing away from the man with the gun, who by now was halfway through what was turning out to be the worst gastronomical decision of his life. As Lucy hopped eagerly up the steps, two at a time, he threw it in the gutter and spat out what was in his mouth.
'Three fifty!' he muttered, as he followed her up.

Tony was not having a good night. He had just received a phone call from the local police department telling him that he was to report to the station "at his next earliest convenience" in regards to a body found in a nearby alley with his hotel's card in its pocket. Tony had replied that as far as talking to a bunch of pigs was concerned, no time was particularly convenient. This in turn had led to a demand that he report to the station the following morning at nine sharp, with the implied threat that two officers would be giving him a good working over with telephone directories before his interview began. Soon after, some psychopath with eyes of dancing fire had stolen his watch. Then, not five minutes later, a man in a long leather jacket kicked his door in and pointed an oversized revolver at his head.
'Where are they?' demanded Gavrilo, now angrier and hungrier than ever.
'Who?'
'The couple and the old man,' said a voice that sounded like the distant buzzing of a hornet's nest.
Tony looked over the counter and saw a sweet little girl looking up at him, smiling.
'The crazy old man? Got a big scar on his hand that kind of looks like a vagina?'
Lucy nodded.
'That sounds like the one.'
Tony shrugged, trying to appear calm as the dark black eye of the gun barrel followed his head.
'They just left. Seemed in a bit of a hurry.'
'Which direction?'
'I dunno. Into the fucking street. I didn't have my compass handy, so sue me.'
It was a trait of Tony's to antagonise those people that he really shouldn't. It was a trait of Gavrilo's that he shot people who antagonised him. Lucy, who knew both of these facts, had already worked out the equation in her head and she was delighted when her answer proved to be correct and Tony's bad day ended abruptly. She clapped her hands together but Gavrilo wasn't so amused.
'Just a moment ago you were telling me off for firing my gun.'
Lucy shrugged.
'Just a moment ago, you missed.'
'Fine. Well they can't have gone far. They're probably sticking to back streets.'
'I know where they're going,' Lucy replied. 'I can feel Him.'

'Why should we follow you anywhere?' Ada snaps, and I point behind her.
Lucy and Gavrilo have just come around the corner and they seem as surprised to see us as Ada and Evan are to see them.
'Stop!' Gavrilo yells, somewhat optimistically.
We don't stop. We begin to run and I can hear them behind us, breathing down our necks like a creepy homeless man on a crowded train.
'Keep going,' I say to Evan. 'Follow this road straight to the park. I'll meet you there.'
Evan's eyes bulge with fear when he realises I'm abandoning them, but he's too scared to stop or argue and I slow down as they pull ahead of me. I wait a moment and then fall into step with Gavrilo.
'You again,' he says, 'I don't suppose there's any point in shooting you, is there?'
I shrug, a hard thing to do whilst jogging but, being God, I manage it without much difficulty.
'If it'll make you feel better,' I reply, but he just spits on the ground and keeps running.
Lucy is slower, and I drop back to talk to her as well. She smiles at me in her disconcerting way.
'I told you we would not be on the same side,' she says.
'Lucy, we are on the same side. You just don't know it yet.'
'I will kill your vehicle.'
I shake my head.
'No you won't. If you do that then I can't cross. This world can't exist without me. You damn yourself to oblivion if my vehicle dies.'
She's breathing heavily now. The effort of running is starting to show on her face and finally she slows to a fast walk.
'Better to reign in hell than serve in heaven,' she says, watching her father as he tears away from us after the Meakes.
I pity her, this twisted child. What Grey did to her was horrific, but there's no reasoning with her now. My words to her are as redundant as putting the phrase "I speak fluent French" in a French phrase book. Instead, I decide to be at the park, and so I am, just as Ada and Evan arrive.
'Where were you?' says Ada, red-faced and panting for breath.
I point to the station entrance, a sandstone set of stairs leading down underneath the park. A sign, "St James", is illuminated above it.
'Down there. Now,' I say, but Evan protests.
'We can't go down there. We'll be trapped. There's nowhere to go.'
I look back up the street and in the distance we can all see Gavrilo running at full speed; a vision of murderous terror. I know that if I appeal to Ada, Evan will follow.
'Trust me, Ada,' I say.
She looks at me once, but I can tell she doesn't. After a moment's hesitation she flees down the stairs anyway.
It is not trust that drives her, but fear. It doesn't matter. Methods are made redundant when the result is the same.
'Go,' I say to Evan, and he glances back at Gavrilo and then follows her.







27



I have been moved to a private room, one with a window that overlooks the freeway and smells of disinfectant and old flowers. Dr Pontius insisted that I be restrained to my bed at all times with leather straps, unless the wardsmen were nearby. Pontius rarely enters the room without them now, and they hover behind him impatiently, snapping at each other and just waiting for the word to attack. In fact, he has become a very regular visitor, performing tests of dexterity and reaction times, as well as subjecting me to even more scans in an attempt to discover not only why the original MRI has been proven incorrect, but also to answer the riddle of how I am able to walk. It seems to have become something of an obsession, but the man's bedside manner, which was already abysmal, has declined even further. He's tentative and silent usually, and I submit to his demands without speaking. I am nothing more than a curiosity to him. A question without an answer. The door opens as I lie in my prison, awaiting the final dream that will end this containment, and I expect to see Pontius again, but instead Mary enters. I haven't seen her since my failed decapitation, and she looks pale and thin. She seems almost as shocked by my own appearance, but she manages to raise a little smile.
'Hello, Joe,' she says, walking gingerly over towards me.
She takes my hand in hers, recoiling when she sees the leather restraints, but pretending she hasn't noticed them.
'Mary.'
She seems to want to say something, but the words won't form. Her mouth opens and closes but no sound comes out and after a few seconds of this I have to break the silence.
'Have they told you?'
A thousand thoughts cross her mind at once, and she's obviously trying to work out what I'm referring to. I assume she's been told everything that I've said and done since I've been here as she's clearly taken an interest. Private rooms aren't free, and Mary must have been sorting out the bills behind the scenes.
'They said that you have epilepsy. They told me you had another seizure last night. Quite a bad one.'
'Yes, that's what they seem to think. Of course, they're trying to put a round peg in a square hole. There's no medical term for what I am.'
She swallows heavily, taking her hand away from mine and sitting down in the uncomfortable chair next to the bed that was apparently designed to encourage short visits. Apart from that, it also does a fair job at rendering oncologists unconscious.
'I spoke to Dr Armaita...' she begins.
'He told you that I'm delusional. That I have a God complex and delusions of grandeur, most likely as a result of post traumatic stress from what he probably termed a suicide attempt?'
Her mouth falls open again, and then closes.
'Mary, I realise that it must be very hard for you to believe this, but I am actually God. Not the God, but a God.'
'That's not hard for me to accept, Joe. It's impossible for me to accept. You're sick, Joe.'
'I killed Grey, Mary. I killed Grey and the tumour disappeared. I rose up and walked when they said it was impossible. What more proof do you need?'
'A lot!' she says loudly. 'I need a lot more proof than that. All of your delusions are nothing new. Thousands of mental patients have claimed the same thing before you. I know it must all seem very real to you, but it's not. None of it is. We're not just figments of your imagination.'
There's no point arguing with her. People are designed to cling to their perceptions of the world they inhabit because if they didn't then they couldn't function. I can't complain about that because it was me who designed them that way. Mary can no more accept that she's nothing more than a construct of my mind than I can accept that I'm mentally unbalanced. We're both looking at the same thing, but from completely different angles.
'I need to tell you something,' I say finally.
She nods warily.
'There's a reason we could never have children. It wasn't your fault. It's me. I cannot have offspring. The world is my offspring. It had nothing to do with biology, Mary. It was an immaculate misconception.'
She's looking at me with a glassy sheen forming across her eyeballs. I know that this is a touchy subject for her, but I had hoped that this revelation would bring some form of relief to her. It doesn't.
'Of all the things to bring up now. Of all the things. Sometimes, Joe, you can be a real bastard, you know that?' she says, sniffing.
'Well, I may be a bastard...'
'But?'
'But nothing. I'm conceding the point. I may be a bastard. The lives I've lived are all culminating towards something better. A more pure existence. Perhaps I'll do better in the next life.'
'There's no next life!' she suddenly screams, and her abrupt loss of control makes me twitch against my restraints. 'This is the only life you get, Joe. This is it, Right here and now, so don't let it end this way. Don't just give up and fade away. I deserve more than that.'
Perhaps she does deserve more than that, but I only created the universe, not the rules. There's nothing I can do to change the fact that I'm moving on and she isn't. I try to change the subject, which is a tough thing to do because it's a pretty big point of interest for Mary at the moment.
'Is Harry waiting outside?'
That does it. From the guilty look on her face I know that he is.
'Well send him in. I want to see him.'
'He's just been helping me get through this. If I bring him in here, you have to promise me that you'll be calm.'
I agree, and she quite reluctantly goes to the door and calls for Harry to come in. He enters, as nervous as I've ever seen him, and approaches the bed with a smile that's glued to his head with pure willpower.
'Hi, Joe,' he says.
I smile, hopefully in a reassuring way, but the first thing his eyes are drawn to is my restraints.
'I knocked Dr Pontius unconscious with a chair,' I explain.
'Yes, I heard.'
'I lost your watch too. But I get it back later. When I'm dreaming, I have it back.'
He nods politely, obviously not interested in the watch. Even I have to admit that that makes me sound crazy. I feel some sympathy for Sid underneath his tree. As far as he's concerned, he's sane and everybody else isn't. I know how he feels. He's certainly got the right idea, but he's only glimpsed the tip of an iceberg that goes deeper than he could imagine. He won't survive any better than the rest of them when I'm gone.
'I wanted you both here so I could say goodbye. The next time I got to sleep, I won't be waking up again,' I say.
Harry looks alarmed.
'What do you mean? Dr Pontius said that the tumour was gone, and that this epilepsy was treatable...'
'It's not epilepsy, Harry. There's no point explaining it to you, but just trust me. This is the last time we'll see each other. You two should spend your remaining time together. Once I'm gone, well, that's it.'
'What do you mean?' he says again.
'Don't encourage him, Harry. Dr Armaita said we should challenge his statements,' Mary whispers loudly.
I try to raise my hand to shake Harry's but then realise that I can't because it's strapped to the bed. Harry sees my effort and shakes it awkwardly where it is.
'I just want you both to know, I don't bear either of you any bad feelings. Everything that happened was designed to wake me up. You were just playing your part in the end game. You never had free will, so therefore neither of you have done anything wrong. The responsibility for right and wrong rests solely on my shoulders.'
Mary looks about ready to walk out. She's been putting up with a lot of this sort of talk, and I can hardly blame her. From her perspective, it's pretty annoying. If she was real, I probably would have loved her.
'I've made so many mistakes, Mary, but as it turns out, most of them were on purpose.'
'You built a guillotine in our shed, Joe. You stabbed yourself in the hand with a kitchen knife. Those aren't mistakes, they're symptoms.'
'Just say goodbye to me. Please. Both of you.'
They both look at each other, and it makes me smile to see their complicity in humouring me. If only they knew. If only they could know.
'Fine. Goodbye, Joe.'
'Goodbye, Mary.'
Harry shuffles uncomfortably behind her, with one hand on the back of the chair and the other flapping like a flag at half-mast.
'Goodbye, Joe,' he finally says.
'Goodbye, Harry.'
Harry walks out of the room slowly, shuffling, and looking older than he is, but Mary just shakes her head at the absurdity of it all.
'I'll come by again on Wednesday, Joe. I'll bring you some magazines,' she says as she leaves the room, and I can tell that she really believes it.
That's good. Belief is important, no matter how overwhelming the evidence to the contrary.

'Only one more sleep till Armageddon,' I say, to provoke him.
He's changed the painting on his wall. It used to be a dreary watercolour of a pastoral landscape, obviously painted by an amateur, perhaps Armaita himself. Now there's a framed photograph of an ancient temple, somewhere in India. I know this, because I've been there before. In fact, I'm fairly certain that one of the distant figures climbing up the impractically narrow stairs, is me.
'Let's just take this at face value,' he says. 'You're suggesting that everything in the world is no more than a product of your mind. If we extrapolate that then every idea must be your own, no matter who expressed it.'
He's trying to trap me, but I agree with him. I enjoy playing Devil's advocate.
'It was Descartes who said that, and I'm paraphrasing, it was impossible to trust one's own perceptions. He found it hard to differentiate the reality between being awake and his dream state. A demon could have been tricking his perceptions, he believed.'
'So I've heard. He was right of course, well, I was right. It's possible that Descartes is an invention of my subconscious trying to tell me that I'm God.'
Armaita looks pleased that I've taken the bait, and he springs his trap with a sort of childish glee.
'But you also invented Nietzsche, who said that God was dead.'
'I am dead. I've died thousands of times.'
'So you also believe in reincarnation?'
I laugh.
'Of course. I'm repeatedly living proof of it.'
He scratches his chin, annoyed that his perfect little bubble of logic has burst on my thorny indifference. He's dealing in semantics and I'm dealing in truth and there can only be one winner in that contest. Valiantly, he rallies his troops and tries again.
'How do you explain the variance in religious ideologies then? Most of them disagree with each other quite emphatically, and yet if they all stem from you then you're contradicting yourself.'
My hands clench and then unclench. The restraints are looser this time, but only slightly, and I still find it hard to think with them on.
'Everything is just a facet of my personality, Thomas. Humans are a mess of contradictions anyway.'
'So let's just work through this logically. What facet of your personality is Islam?'
I decide to play his game, but it's like a father playing football with his five year old son. The son only wins if the father lets him.
'I suppose Islam is my need for a strong father figure.'
'Okay,' he says. 'What about Hinduism?'
'Hinduism? Loneliness. I invented thousands of new Gods to keep me company.'
He doesn't seem particularly convinced, but he pushes on regardless.
'Catholicism?'
'Oh that one's easy. It's the part of me that knows I've been a very naughty boy and need to be punished.'
The problem with Armaita's reasoning is that he thinks everything is directly related to me. It isn't. The world is not made out of the ideas I believe are correct, it's made out of everything of which I can possibly conceive. When people ask, why does God do bad things to good people, the correct answer is "because he can" followed closely by "God doesn't give a shit about good people". Armaita can't grasp the magnitude of what I've created and so he wants to boil it down to its base elements and prove to me that I'm wrong.
'Fundamentalism. Of all types,' he suggests.
'I'm a stubborn bastard who thinks everything I say is right. Surely even you can agree with that one.'
I smile, and despite himself he chuckles before going right back into his pointless crusade.
'Judaism?'
'I don't like lobster or pork and I don't find foreskins aesthetically pleasing.'
'Scientology, Raelians? Mormonism?'
I recall the Mormons that came to my house on the day of the incident with a smile.
'Well that just shows that I have a sense of humour.'
'Buddhism?'
Buddhism. That's an interesting one. Despite the mysticism surrounding it, it's basically a search for meaning without resorting to total understanding. It's an endlessly recurring cycle of betterment, with the only goal being the creation of a better individual, not just a reward for paying lip service to an invisible man in the sky. I can see why he saved that one until last.
'Buddhism suggests that I know that I've fucked up and I want another chance.'
He can hardly contain his excitement at my comment. For him, it's the equivalent of a confession.
'Well, that's the crux of it, isn't it, Joe? You made a mess of things, and now you want to wipe the slate clean.  It's a nice idea, but it's not reality. I'm giving you a chance to fix things though. If you can accept what I'm saying to you then you can still have the chance to start again.'
I shake my head angrily. The restraints feel like they're getting tighter. Armaita thinks he's getting to me with his words, but he's not. I'm just frustrated to still be here. I should be gone already. I don't want to be here anymore. Armaita can sense my discomfort.
'Have you heard of Occam's Razor?' he says, 'It states that the simplest explanation is usually the correct one. So I put it to you again, Joe. What is more likely? That you are God and everybody else in the world is wrong, or that everybody else in the world is right, and you are sick?'
'Have you heard of Quantum Theory, Thomas?' I say, my voice nearly a growl. 'It's so complex and unintuitive that no matter how many times you explain it to somebody they just don't get it!'
I'm shouting now, and it bothers me that I've allowed this non-entity to get such a reaction from me but there's nothing to be done. If they'd just remove the restraints then I would feel a lot calmer, and not so much like a caged animal. They have no right to do this to me. I created them, and now they've turned on me, like a golem.
'You seem to treat psychoanalysis as some sort of university debating club where your goal is to score as many points as possible against your patients. Well listen to me now, Thomas. The next time I sleep, I will cross over permanently to the Underworld. Once I'm gone, this world will no longer have coherence and within hours it will start to break down. The universe will compact into a singularity, not of matter, but of thought. There will be nothing left, not the puppets of consciousness that dance as I yank their strings, nor even the flimsy facade of physics. My vehicle may remain, but my mind will transcend and leave no trace of itself. Perhaps then, even an incurable sceptic like you will have to admit the truth.'
I can't tell if he's pleased or upset by my reaction. My face is red with exertion and I'm breathing heavily. It's embarrassing in fact, and I try to remain calm. I have to keep telling myself that he doesn't exist, but every time I look up he's still right there, staring at me with a mixture of pity and clinical interest.
'So billions of people will die, just so you can live on. If you really believed this, I mean deep down, then surely you'd be more concerned about such a tragedy.'
'The death of one man is a tragedy. The death of billions is a statistic,' I say breathlessly.
'Stalin said that. You got that from him.'
'Maybe,' I concede. 'But as we've already established, he got it from me first.'
Armaita smiles knowingly and then closes the pad and presses a button on his intercom. The wardsmen enter almost immediately from their posts just outside his door.
'You're getting agitated, Joe. We'll leave it at that today and pick it up again tomorrow.'
I shake my head vehemently. In the Underworld I have so much control, but here I seem ruled by the emotions of Joe Finch's body. I'll be glad to leave this vehicle once and for all.
'Haven't you been listening? There is no tomorrow.'
Armaita steeples his hands and rests his chin on them, a habit I'll also be glad never to see again.
'A lot of people claim to know the date of the end of the world, Joe. They've always been proven wrong.'
The wardsmen start to wheel me out again, but as usual I'm unable to let Armaita get away with the last word.
'True enough. But the day somebody is finally right, there'll be nobody left to know of it. That day is tomorrow.'
The wardsman bumps the wheelchair into the doorframe as we're leaving and he has to pull it back and try again, somewhat lessening the dramatic effect of my exit.






28



St James station is approached by a long tunnel, tiled in blue and white, and our footsteps echo as we run through it. It seems empty, and there's nothing but the sound of our breathing and our heavy footsteps. The tunnel seems longer than it should, but that makes sense. We're not just moving spatially, we're moving temporally, and moving temporally takes time. Ada is beginning to tire and I can see she's about ready to stop altogether, but at that moment we hear an echo from beyond, bouncing down the corridor towards us. It's Gavrilo, cursing as he stumbles, but his footsteps recover and he grows louder and louder. Ada finds a new reserve, tapping into the vapours of her fear, and begins to run again until finally we burst out onto the platform. Evan is close behind her but he stops as he emerges. Ada's mouth opens in horror, and he follows suit as they see the crowd of people on the platform. There are a lot of them, standing around and casually waiting for the train. Some of them are mid-conversation on mobile phones, whilst others are talking to each other. One woman is in the midst of a sneeze, her face distorted and her eyes closed, the wrinkles around her forehead and nose all coming together in a single point between her eyes. There is a boy, no more than six years old, sitting on the ground and crying. His eyes are red and his mouth is opened in the affected bawl that only occurs when there are adults around to comfort him. All of these people are frozen in a single moment and their bodies are rigid and lifeless, their expressions not even twitching. That is not why Evan and Ada have stopped in horror. The reason they have stopped is that every single one of them is staring directly at them, regardless of their facial expression or age. Their eyes are focused directly on the Meakes' as they move slowly onto the platform, conveniently forgetting about Gavrilo approaching from behind. As the couple walk down the platform, with Evan hugging his wife closely to him as they shuffle, the heads of their spectators swivel with them, the eyes fixed firmly on the couple. Ada closes her own eyes and buries her head in Evan's chest, but he seems unable to look away, as a woman in the early stages of a yawn peers at him from her half-closed lids with her head tilted back. Her eyes seem trapped in the statuesque body, but they are alert and alive, whilst the body itself is nothing more than a prop.
'What the hell is this?' Evan finally stammers, his fear of Gavrilo and his gun completely replaced by the crowded platform that awaits his next move.
There is complete silence, not so much as a distant rumble of a train in another tunnel. There is no sound at all now, not even Gavrilo's thunderous footsteps as he approaches.
'Don't you recognise it? You've been here before. You've been now before,' I say, my voice echoing in the enclosed space of the station.
Ada opens her eyes, and lifts her head from her husband's chest, peering out at the world fearfully. Most of the people are dressed to go out, as if they have just come from the pubs and clubs that litter the area like confetti. A man with a cigarette, the smoke frozen in the air around him and the burning tip a singular orange glow, stares back at her.
'I recognise that man,' she says, pointing at him.
'I don't,' Evan says.
'It's the night we met Gavrilo. I remember it now. That man smoking a cigarette, I remember thinking that you're not allowed to smoke down here and people were glaring at him. You were drunk, so drunk you probably don't remember, but I do.'
She looks to me for confirmation and I give it to her.
'It's the moment when Grey first spread his poison into the Underworld,' I say.
Evan doesn't know what to think, but he's trying to remember, and his brow furrows as he tries to recollect the hazy events of that evening. Too late. On cue, Gavrilo enters stage left, emerging from the tunnel next to me. He runs in panting, but then stops when the crowd all snap to attention, their heads jerking around to stare at the new arrival. He freezes to the spot, ignoring the Meakes' and me as he takes it all in. His revolver is still in his hand, but his finger has slipped from the trigger.
'Here he is. A man who needs no introduction, not because he's beloved, but because nobody cares,' I say, and with some effort he looks at me, confusion storming the battlements of his face and overrunning the defenders of his calm.
'What...'
He walks slowly up the platform, pointing his gun at the figures as if he's afraid one of them will suddenly leap upon him, but they do nothing but observe. It's all they can do. Evan and Ada begin to slowly back away from him, but he seems completely oblivious to their presence, caught in the headlights of a hundred unblinking eyes. Ada stumbles, her shoes making a scraping noise on the concrete platform, and he is jerked out of his trance by the sound. He points his gun at them quickly and they both jump.
'I've been here,' he mutters to himself. 'I've been here before.'
I come up slowly behind him, although from the tunnel I can hear the pitter-patter of tiny feet. Lucy is coming.
'You have a job to do,' I say, and Gavrilo looks down at the gun in his hand, remembering that he's holding it, and nods.
He lifts it and points it at the couple. When he begins to speak again, it sounds like a rehearsed monologue, which in many ways it is. Everything happens as it should, and this is no exception. Grey was a fool to think otherwise.
'It's interesting,' he says, 'that we should end up here. In this station; St James. Do you know who St James was?' he says, but his words are faltering.
Neither one of them answers, and just shake their heads dutifully.
'St James, son of Alphaes, was one of the apostles. Do you know what he was the patron saint of?'
Again, they both just shake their heads, neither one taking their eyes from his weapon as it wobbles in his hand.
'He's the patron saint of dying people. It seems somehow fitting, wouldn't you say?'
The tiny footsteps stop and Lucy appears in the tunnel entrance. She looks at the people with supreme disinterest.
'He's also the patron saint of pharmacists and hat-makers,' she adds, and Gavrilo turns around, annoyed now, completely forgetting the surreal nature of his situation.
'Well, yes he is, but I wasn't going to mention that.'
'You shouldn't mention anything. If you spent less time shooting your mouth and more time shooting your gun then they would have been dead yesterday.'
Gavrilo nods and turns back to the couple.
'Right,' he says, but I stride towards him now and spin him around with one hand whilst grasping his throat with the other.
His eyes bulge and he tries to get me to release my grip, dropping his gun to the platform with a hollow sound. He can't talk, although he's trying to, but I force him backwards and ignore his ineffectual attempts to hurt me. The crowd watches us also, swivelling their frozen heads as I push him towards a bench against the wall and force him down into it. He's starting to turn purple but I don't lessen the power, and bring my other hand up to close around his neck. I can feel both of my thumbs on his windpipe, pinching it closed as my nails dig into the flesh. Lucy comes running over to the bench where Gavrilo is now seated as I loom over him. His eyes dart around, fixing on her, and he tries to croak for help, but her eyes are blazing with the thrill of the kill. She moves her face close to his, watching with fascination as a vein on his temple swells against his purple skin. Then she begins to laugh, rejoicing in the death as she has so many times before. But this one is sweeter. This is somebody she knows, and it only makes it all the more exciting.
'I didn't think you had it in you, old man,' she says to me, but I ignore her.
'Lucy,' Gavrilo spits. 'Save me!'
Lucy shakes her head.
'There is nothing to save,' she replies gleefully, and kisses him on the cheek.
My own eyes are shining with the light of truth, and Gavrilo can't look away. He falls towards them, blinded by the now-certain knowledge of what's happening to him. Lucy continues to laugh and laugh, and the crowd simply watches us with detached interest. He manages one more gasp but I squeeze it out of him and feel a crack beneath my thumbs. Something is broken, but I can fix it. I hold his neck for a few more seconds and suddenly a train rushes through the platform without stopping. The noise breaks the oppressive silence and I hear Ada scream with terror as she watches it pass. Every passenger is staring at us, their frozen faces turned from their newspapers and their phones as they watch Gavrilo die. The train is soon gone, and he slumps down in the chair, completely broken. I release my hands, pulling my thumbs from the indentations in his throat just as a thunderous roar again echoes through the platform. This time it is not a train, and Ada screams again, far more blood curdling than the last.
'Evan!' she screams and I turn around to see him lying on the ground in a thick pool of blood that leaks from his head into a pool that is uncannily similar in shape to the sub-continent of India.
Lucy is standing in front of them, holding Gavrilo's gun with a theatrical puff of smoke rolling from the barrel. Ada is still screaming and she kneels down and cradles Evan's head in her lap, smearing herself with his blood, but his head just lolls uselessly to the side. He's dead.
'You monster! What do you want from us?' she screams at Lucy, who is smiling serenely before she looks at me.
I walk towards her, letting Gavrilo's head roll back onto the bench and I take the gun from her. She gives it up without resistance, but runs her finger over the scar on my hand as I take it.
'I told you I would kill your vehicle,' she says with some satisfaction.
I throw the pistol onto the tracks, just as another train screams through the station and I can hear it knocked away as the first carriage hits it, tossing it deep into the tunnel beyond the platform.
'Yes, you did,' I reply and pat her on the head calmly.
She squirms away from my grasp and hisses at me, but I ignore her. It's all bluster now. Ada is sobbing uncontrollably, running her hand across Evan's forehead, which is now caked with blood and the red fingerprints of his wife. I kneel down next to her and place a hand on her shoulder, and she looks up at me. She looks so broken and distraught that I feel a twinge of guilt for allowing her to see this. In a moment, none of it will matter, but the memory of her pain will linger in an after-image. Nothing can truly be erased.
'He's dead,' she sobs, her grief forcing her to state the obvious.
'It's okay, Ada. Everything will be okay. I'm going to save you. All of you,' I add, glancing back at Lucy who is watching us from afar.
'Not any more,' Lucy says. 'Now we're all damned to oblivion. I welcome it. Do you know what he was going to do to Evan?'
Ada looks at her, hatred and curiosity, diluted by tears. Then she looks back at me with a wordless question.
'He was going to possess him. He was going to use your husband as a vehicle for himself, and then leave the hollow shell behind when he was finished with it, just like he did to Joe Finch. Just like he's done a thousand times before.'
I ignore her and reach into my pocket, pulling out a clear plastic container. I hold it out to Ada who looks at it without seeing it.
'Do you recognise this?' I say and she forces herself to focus.
It's a catheter bag. The one we smuggled back from India.'
 I take two syringes out of my pocket also and jab them both through the thick plastic simultaneously.
'What are you doing?' she says. 'That's anthrax!'
I pull back the plungers and the syringes fill with the yellowy liquid as Lucy watches me, her smile starting to fade to a frown.
'Grey was a fool, Lucy. So are you. The vehicle is not consumed by the host. The host becomes the vehicle. Joe Finch was still Joe Finch. I just came along for the ride, but everything he did was his own decision. I'm a silent partner.'
Lucy's face is now growing very confused and she steps even closer to see what I'm doing with the two syringes, which I now hold in my right hand.
'Do you trust me, Ada?' I say.
She looks down at Evan's sightless eyes as they rest in her lap, and sobs again.
'No.'
It can't be helped. I take one of the syringes and stick it into her neck, pushing the plunger down with my thumb. Ada's hand automatically goes up to protect herself, but it's too late. The syringe is empty. I let it drop to the floor of the station. Ada falls backwards like she's been stung, and she's almost too shocked to speak, but she manages to get out one sentence.
'You astral-travelling motherfucker!' she says, still clasping her neck with her hand.
'Trust me, Ada.'
Lucy picks up the empty syringe and then glances at Ada, who has started to turn incredibly pale. She looks like she's about to faint.
'Grey was wrong. He knew that the viruses were the physical manifestation of the entrance points and he knew that the mule was a vehicle. But Evan was not my vehicle, Lucy. Ada is.'
I take the remaining syringe and put it into my own neck, pushing down the plunger as Lucy rushes forward and tries to stop me. She screams in frustration as the empty syringe slips from my hand and to the ground.
'You could never have stopped me. Everything has already happened.'
Lucy screams in anger, but I can barely hear her. I slump to the ground. I can feel the drug in my blood as it pulses through me and soon my thoughts begin to fade. The knowledge of who I am and what I am grows fuzzy around the edges. Just as Joe Finch lost his grip on his lesser reality, I am losing mine on the greater one. Ada is slowly getting to her feet and I can see her vision overlayed with mine. All I want to do is get Evan home and put him to bed. I have to start work at the Lindfield Institute of Early Schooling and I still have a lot of preparation to do...

Ada Meakes laughed despite herself as Evan's hands slipped from her grasp again. He was lying on his back mumbling, and he was too heavy for her to lift. Just next to his head, to the disgust of the other passengers, was a pool of vomit that was uncannily similar in shape to the sub-continent of India.
'Come on, stud. Too many Tequila Sunrise's for you I think.'
He sat up under his own power and finally allowed Ada to haul him to his feet. She grunted with the effort and then laughed again, slightly disgusted, and trying to ignore the smell of alcohol that pervaded his breath.
'I love you,' he slurred drunkenly and she patted his arm, not wanting to kiss his vomit-stained lips.
'I know, sweet. I love you too.'
Ada looked around the platform and suddenly felt very embarrassed. Everybody was watching them, some with an expression of contempt, and others just amused by the show. Ada forced a little wave to one particularly stern man who was smoking a cigarette and looking at them quite coolly, but he didn't wave back.
'I think we're making a spectacle of ourselves,' Ada said, giggling and burying her face in Evan's chest.
He almost fell over just from the contact, but he managed to right himself.
'Well let them watch,' he said loudly. 'We have good reason to celebrate. You're finally a real teacher! And I met this guy who said he might be able to get me involved in a new business venture that...'
Ada patted his arm affectionately, but cut him off. She had heard it all before.
'Sounds good. You can tell me all about it tomorrow.'
Her eyes were drawn to a little girl who was standing near the edge of the platform, staring at them. She was a pretty thing, fair-haired and blue eyed. Ada smiled at her.
'Hi there. What's your name?' she said.
'Lucy,' replied the little girl shyly.
'Are you lost, Lucy?'
Lucy shook her head and pointed to a bench near the wall. A young man in a long leather coat with dark hair and bushy black eyebrows was watching her attentively from where he sat on one of the benches.
'No. That's my Daddy over there.'
The young man smiled at Ada and then spoke to Lucy.
'Not too close to the edge, baby. Come back over here. It's dangerous.'
Lucy nodded and looked back at Ada.
'I have to go,' she said.
Ada nodded.
'Okay. It was nice to meet you, Lucy.'
Lucy ran back over to her father who put his arm around her affectionately as the tunnel rumbled. A train burst into the station slowing down with a squeal of its brakes, but Evan seemed to have passed out on her shoulder. He was even snoring as the carriage doors opened and Ada shook him awake.
'Okay. Let's get you to bed, mister,' she said, and they stumbled inside followed by a flood of people.
The announcement sounded to stand clear of the doors and they slid shut. Then with a jerk, the train started up again and pulled out of the station and into the tunnel beyond, soon disappearing from sight.






29



The phone had been ringing loudly for about thirty seconds before Thomas Armaita was unable to continue incorporating it into his dream and was woken up by it.
'What time is it?' asked his wife blearily, and he glanced at the digital clock on the side table.
'Three.'
'Well who's calling at three in the morning? I have to go to work tomorrow.'
Thomas grunted and put his slippers onto his feet. Just then the ringing stopped, and he almost decided to leave it and get back into bed when he heard Gabriel's voice out in the corridor. He sighed and opened the door to the bedroom. Gabriel was standing in the hallway in an oversized t-shirt, squinting in the light and talking into the phone.
'Well yes, he's here. It's three in the morning. Of course he's here. We're all here doing what people always do at three in the morning. We're sleeping.'
'Who is it?' asked Thomas.
'Well if you're so sorry about it then why did you call at three in the morning?' continued Gabriel, no doubt berating one of his staff members at the hospital.
There was no one else it could be at this time.
'Give me the phone, Gabriel,' he said wearily.
'He's a psychiatrist, not a surgeon. What is it that can't possibly wait until morning?'
Thomas reached across and grabbed the handset, but Gabriel wouldn't release it.
'Give me the phone, Gabriel,' he demanded, and she finally relented and let him tear it from her grasp.
She folded her arms in front of her chest and glared at him.
'You know, I have a European Lit lecture at nine tomorrow morning. Why don't you get another phone line and keep one in your room if people are going to be calling at all hours,' she said, storming back to her room and slamming the door behind her.
Thomas shook his head in disbelief at the impossibility of talking reasonably to his own daughter and then lifted the handset to his ear.
'Thomas Armaita. Who's speaking please?' he said.
'Dr Armaita, I'm really terribly sorry to call you at this hour, but I spoke to Dr Pontius and he assured me that you would want to know as soon as possible...'
'It's fine, Martin, really,' Thomas said, recognising the voice of the night receptionist at the hospital.
'Well it's just that one of your patients, a Mr Joe Finch...'
'What about him?'
'He's had another seizure. A particularly severe one.'
'Well that's certainly bad news, but Dr Pontius should be able to handle that.'
He could hear Martin's hesitation on the other end of the line, and he suddenly remembered the last thing that Joe had said to him.
'I'm afraid not. He's dead, Dr Armaita.'

Thomas pulled into the car park and was annoyed to find that his own spot was taken by someone else. It was probably a member of the night staff who thought they could get away with it. He cursed and pulled his car into a handicap spot by the entrance, hoping that he could also get away with it at this time in the morning. He got out of his car, tucking in his shirt as he walked quickly towards the building. He had dressed quickly and in his haste had forgotten to put on a belt, so his trousers sat a little lower than was comfortable. When he reached reception, Martin just pointed and he kept going past him without even saying hello. Soon he was at the door to Joe's private room, which was wide open. Pontius turned when he saw him. He was leaning over the body and inspecting its pupils with a torch.
'Dr Armaita. I'm glad you came, yes?' he said.
Joe was lying in the bed as he always was. He looked a little pale, but other than that it was hard to see any difference. His wrists were still bound by the leather restraints.
'Well I think we can take these off now. He always hated having to wear them,' Thomas said, allowing a certain amount of remorse to enter his voice.
'Yes, of course, yes,' replied Pontius, and the two men took an arm each and released Joe from his restraints.
His arms fell limply by his sides.
'He's still warm,' commented Thomas, and Pontius nodded excitedly.
'Yes, exactly. That's the thing. He's still got a heartbeat and we don't even have him on life support.'
'He's still got a heartbeat?'
'Absolutely. But we're seeing no brain activity of any kind. His pupils are unresponsive, but he's breathing unaided. It's really quite extraordinary.'
Thomas went to the end of the bed and picked up the chart. It had noted on it the times of his various seizures over the last few days, as well as the time the nurse first noted his lack of responsiveness, apparently when she came in to check on him immediately following his seizure. Sure enough he had no brain activity.
'So he's brain-dead?'
Pontius nodded.
'Yes, completely. No high level functions whatsoever. The question, of course, is why? An epileptic seizure cannot be the cause of this, surely. Besides which, all other bodily functions seem completely unaffected. It's as if his mind just...'
'Transcended,' whispered Thomas.
Pontius looked at him curiously at his choice of words and shook his head.
'Well, no. I was going to say shut down. In light of this, I'm not even convinced that what we're dealing with here is temporal lobe epilepsy.'
Thomas looked at him with surprise and placed the chart back on the end of the bed.
'You're not? Well that's not good. You've already misdiagnosed him once. What if his wife decides that your incompetence contributed to the death? I would keep that to yourself, if I was you.'
Pontius looked annoyed at the word incompetent and he folded his arms across his chest, just as Gabriel had done earlier. It was almost comical, to see a grown man on the verge of a tantrum.
'It was not misdiagnosis on my part, Dr Armaita. I think the problem is that what we're dealing with here is something that has not yet been defined. The problem is I was trying to fit it into a category when no such category exists, yes? We could be looking at a completely new condition. Just think about it. I could have discovered something wholly unique. I was thinking that perhaps I should call it Pontius Syndrome. I was considering Pontius-Armaita Syndrome in view of the fact that it seems accompanied by a psychological aspect, but I'm not so sure you deserve such an honour now.'
Pontius was still sulking, but Thomas was looking at him incredulously. He seemed completely indifferent to the fact that a patient under his care had died.
'How can you think about naming it when he's only been dead an hour? This is a man's life we're talking about, not your ticket to getting your name in some medical journal.'
Pontius shrugged.
'It's both.'
Thomas took one last look at Joe. He looked peaceful in his sleep, breathing shallowly and regularly. His mouth even looked like it had the remnants of a smile, and Thomas comforted himself with the fact that he didn't seem to have suffered too much. He looked contemptuously at Dr Pontius and then turned on his heel and walked from the room. He was meant to be at work in a few hours anyway, so there didn't seem to be much point in going home. He instead stopped by the coffee machine and placed a dollar into the slot. As the cup slowly filled he thought about the day before and what Joe had said to him. Something about his vehicle remaining but his mind leaving with no trace. What else had he said? Something ridiculous about the universe compacting into a singularity once he was gone. It was nonsense of course, but as Thomas took the cup from the machine and had a sip he felt a sense of unease slowly beginning to settle on him. Despite his natural scepticism and common sense he couldn't quite rid himself of the irrational fear that, at some point today, the universe would come to an end.

