
THE PRISONER AND THE SUN
BOOK I: ESCAPE

by 
Brad Magnarella

Published by Possum Creek Books
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2011 Brad Magnarella

Discover other titles by Brad Magnarella at Smashwords.com
Escape (The Prisoner and the Sun #1)
Lights and Shadows (The Prisoner and the Sun #2)
Final Passage (The Prisoner and the Sun #3)

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.




Chapter 1


On the same evening that Iliff turned sixteen, the guards announced a newcomer to the cellblock. Iliff hurried to his cell door, pressed his cheek to the iron bars, and strained his eyes toward the swinging, swelling lights that approached from the far end of the stone corridor. The other prisoners on the block did the same.
Before long the escorting guards lumbered into Iliffs view. Between them, scarcely visible, shuffled an old man. He was slight and sagging, save for two shocks of white hair that stood to points above his ears and quivered near the guards lanterns. He kept his head bowed. A wave of whispers followed his progress. The guards led him to the cell opposite Iliffs. Once shut inside, the old man felt his way to the cot in the rear where he sat, small and still.
Who is he? Iliff whispered.
They say he cant do the work of his old block, Yuri whispered back.
When Iliff turned his head, he could just make out the taped fingers hooking past the bars of the adjoining cell. Yuri was his longtime neighbor and closest friend, though Iliff had never seen his face. Their work duties started at different times and sent them in opposite directions.
Well, whats he doing here? Iliff asked.
I dont know. The fingers turned up. Probably being held until something opens up in the block for the aged and infirm.
Iliff watched the old man, who had not stirred since his arrival. He could at least deal himself some playing cards to pass the time.
Yuri murmured his agreement.
Of course, he might not have any cards, Iliff whispered after a moments thought. Or maybe they got left behind when he was transferred.
Iliff decided then to offer him his own cards at the next opportunity. And though it was his only set, the idea cheered Iliff. In the short time he had stood watching the old man, he had come to feel sympathy for him and, from this, a certain fondness as well.

* * *

The next day the old man was assigned to Iliffs work group, a repair crew responsible for mending fissures in the stone walls of the cellblocks and along the prison corridors. Each of the men had particular duties. Five men prepared the mortar, one for each of its components: sand, gravel, clay, limestone, and water. The proportions had to be exact, and each man had become expert in dumping, sifting, and pouring just the right amounts into the mortar box. The mixer, a giant red-faced man, stirred the ingredients with a long-handled spade and, when not scooping mortar onto boards, scraped it back and forth to keep it from hardening. Five more men, of which Iliff was one, sealed the fissures, pressing the mortar deep into the stone with their trowels. A twelfth man weaved his way through the work site, ferrying boards of mortar to the trowelers and empty boards back to the mixer. Another man, the tallest on the crew, managed a dozen-odd lanterns, placing them on curved wooden stands near the work and repositioning the lanterns and stands as the work progressed. The last three men were charged with scouring the repaired fissures with metal wool until the dried mortar blended with the stone it sealed.
Because the old man could not be expected to perform any of these integral duties, he was ordered to sweep the work site. On his first morning he tapped and scratched the bristles of the broom across the stone floor, though to little effect. The rest of the group paid him no heed. Iliff looked up from his work from time to time to find the old man tottering along the shadowy edges of the work site, almost invisible but for the spires of white hair that lifted and fell in slow time to the strokes of the broom.
Iliff approached the old man during a work break. He had set his broom down and was sitting apart from the rest of the group, his head bowed low. Iliff squatted before him.
Excuse me, sir, Iliff said. I noticed youve no cards in your cell. If youd like a set, youre welcome to mine. Theyre a good way to pass the time.
Iliff took the cards from his gray prison trousers and held them out. The old man lifted his head and looked at the cards without expression. Was he addle-minded? Iliff wondered. Yuri had said so. But in the next moment his dim eyes shimmered. He reached for the cards with shaking fingers, his wan expression stretching and lifting to reveal a few pebbly teeth.
Very kind, young master, very kind, he said, bobbing his head. Your sacrifice will be your greatest reward, I assure you.

* * *

In the days that followed a peculiar change came over the old man. The day after receiving Iliffs gift, he swept the floor with surprising energy, sending dust into the air and bits of stone ricocheting off the walls. He swept with glee, his pebbly smile of the day before appearing and reappearing throughout the morning. This continued into the second day. On the third day he began to whistle and shuffle his feet between broom strokes, as if trying to recall the steps to some long-forgotten jig. By the sixth day the old man was capering about with his broom, neglecting to sweep the floor at all. He also began to sing in a high wavering voice that grated on the ears.
The work group was no longer amused by his antics. They met one afternoon after the old man had retired to his cell.
Hes an old fool and hes distracting to our work
He cant stay
He needs to be reported
Reported? thought Iliff in alarm. Ever since he could remember, he had heard stories of prisoners being reported for disobedience and then disappearing in the middle of the night, never to be seen or heard from again. The stories terrified him.
Please, friends, Iliff spoke out. Hes a harmless old man. A threat to no one. And besides, hell be transferred out shortly. Everything will soon return to the way it was.
But the following day the old man was giddier than ever. He twirled his broom and passed it between his legs and up behind him. He pulled at his ears and made a tooting sound with his long nose. While spinning over to where the men were preparing mortar, he bumped the man pouring the water. Extra water spilled into the mortar box. The other four men hurried to add their solid ingredients, but the proportions were off and the mortar ran like curdled milk. The old man backpedaled and collided with the man ferrying the mortarboards. What remained of the good mortar fell to the floor. The old man bounced to his feet but stumbled sideways into a lantern stand, breaking two of the lanterns. He rebounded off the stand somehow but fell into another and broke three more lanterns.
The corridor dimmed and the trowelers stopped troweling; the sanders ceased sanding. Iliff could not remember a time when the work had come to so sudden and complete a standstill.
Look! cried the burly mixer, who was also the leader of the work group. The old fools ruined the mortar and done havoc to our work site. The fissures here are deep and many. Hurry now, hurry! If we clean up now and fetch more lanterns, we may still finish the job before noon meal.
The mixer seized Iliffs arm inside his giant fist. You took up for him, so now hes your responsibility. If you dont want him reported, youll see to it that he stops this foolishness and returns to sweeping.
Iliff found the old man sitting cross-legged against a wall just beyond the work site.
I know why you have come, he said. Fear not. I promise to return to my quiet sweeping.
Yes, Iliff said, you must return to your sweeping.
There is a condition, however. The old man raised his eyes. You must first sit and listen to my story. His expression betrayed nothing of the giddiness that had possessed his flailing limbs just moments before. His gaze was calm, his expression almost thoughtful.
Iliff looked down the corridor to where the others had begun straightening up the work site. He guessed it would be some time before the mortar could be reconstituted and the lanterns replaced. The others would probably be grateful to him for keeping the old fellow occupied and out of the way.
He hesitated, then took a seat.




Chapter 2


Very good, young master, very good. The old man rubbed his palms against his knees and inhaled deeply. His gaze seemed to retreat to somewhere behind his large pupils. Your mixer is correct, he said. Dangerous things, these fissures, dangerous things indeed. Especially the deeper ones. If theyre not patched up quickly, theyll run farther, open wider. Tsk, tsk.
I worked on a repair crew in my youth, he continued. Filled the fissures using the trowel, same as you do now. We were a special group, assigned only to the most damning cases. Stone walls riddled with fractures, corridors on the brink of collapse. The old man chuckled and shook his head.
There was another young troweler in our group. Salvatore. He was a dear, dear friend, was Salvatore. We were very dear to each otherwe looked quite a lot like the other, too. Because Salvatore and I were the smallest, we were often sent inside the deepest crevices. There we would begin the repair work at the very back, only emerging after every nook and space had been filled.
Iliff had never heard of fissures so large they had to be crawled inside to repair. He doubted that such things existed but found himself becoming absorbed in the tale nonetheless.
Salvatore and I spent entire days crouched in those spaces, often with only a couple of small candles for light. It was hard to set up lanterns in there, you see. Sometimes we had to go without light. But we talked as we worked. We told each other stories to take our minds off the darkness. We pretended there were other places besides the prison, other worlds.
One day we were assigned to a site high in the prison. Up and up we went, one winding staircase after another. Took us the better part of the morning to get there. But we arrived finally at a long room with a high vaulted ceiling, like this. The old man cupped his wrinkled hands together, palms down. Stone pillars stood along the walls, six pair of themhere and here, in rows. At the far end of the room, steps led up to a large dais. Id never seen any place like it. Neither had Salvatore.
Neither had Iliff. The prison he knew, though vast, had only dim cellblocks, plain corridors, and the straight staircases that connected them. Once again, he doubted the old mans memory.
It was apparent the room hadnt been used in quite a time. Centuries, perhaps. The work site was in the area of the dais. Huge crevices had opened on the wall there, some of the deepest wed encountered. Salvatore climbed to the topmost crevice with his trowel and board. I entered the crevice just beneath his.
We had no more than begun our work when I felt the stone begin to move. I wriggled out of the crevice and tumbled to the ground just as the wall lurched forward. The largest crevices fell in like giant mouths closing. Clomp, clomp! I looked about for Salvatore. I cried out, Salvatore! Salvatore! But there was no answer. The others told me that he had not made it out.
Iliff was leaning forward now.
We scrambled up the wall. Using the long handles of our tools as levers and some stones as wedges, we managed to create a space large enough for me to squeeze inside. Deep, deep in the crevice, I found my friend, crushed and cold. But as I pressed my head to his, I heard him mouthing words. What brilliance, he was saying. What brilliance is this? I cannot tell you my joy, young master. Still he breathed! Still he lived!
But when Salvatore returned from the infirmary some months later, he was not the same person. The old man frowned. No, not the same person at all. He no longer wanted to trowel, for one. It wasnt out of fear. He hadnt the least concern about climbing inside the creviceshe was eager for it, in fact. But once inside, instead of sealing the crevice, he could be heard chipping the stone with his trowel blade. Chink, chink, chink!
This upset us all, as you can imagine. The others in the group asked that I speak to him, to see if I could bring him to his senses. I joined him in his crevice one day.
You have changed, Salvatore, I told him.
Yes, he said.
Tell me, Salvatore, why do you now chip at the stone with your trowel?
Salvatore stopped chipping. He grabbed my arm and pulled me close to him.
If I tell you, he whispered, do you promise not to breathe a word to anyone? I promised him. All right, friend, I will tell you. When the crevice collapsed and I became trapped, I saw the most wonderful thing.
Salvatore told me that he had been thrust deep inside the crevice and pinned. A large stone pressed against his chest, choking off his breath. He could no longer see the mouth of the crevice. In the pitch black, he gave himself up for dead. But then the space around him shifted, and a chink opened at the end of a cleft in the stone overhead. At first all he could see through it were gray wispy forms drifting past. They distracted him. Salvatore watched the drifting forms and soon forgot his plight. Eventually the forms broke apart and a field of rich blue emerged, more profound than anything he had ever seen. It soothed him. Salvatore watched the field of blue and soon forgot his pain.
After a time, the blue paled and a soft glow began to show in the small opening overhead. It was not amber like lamp light, or angry like firelight. No, no. It was a white light, very pure, and purer with each moment. It soon filled the small space in which Salvatore was trapped. It warmed him outside and in, filled him with a wonder he had never known. Salvatore soon forgot all else.
But when Salvatore tried to look straight at it, the light blinded him. He squeezed his eyes shut.
What is this brilliance? Salvatore asked aloud.
The stone walls trembled and a voice sounded from nowhere and everywhere. I am the Sun, it said. I am eternal. I am immanent in all things. All life, all experience comes from me.
How do I see you? Salvatore asked.
First you must seek me. Then you must come to know my nature. And finally may you see me.
Where do I seek you? Salvatore asked.
Beyond your walls.
But I cannot go beyond these walls, Salvatore cried. I am a prisoner here.
Are you? the voice asked.
Just then, our efforts to widen the crevice shifted the stones around him. In an instant the light vanished. The voice went silent. Cold and darkness swept over Salvatore, and his crushing pain returned.
And now, Salvatore told me, I can think of nothing else. Nothing but how I may be able to escape beyond these walls and end my suffering here. How I may be able to find and look upon this boundless Sun, to learn at last where I come fromwhere we all come from.
Naturally, I doubted his story. A world beyond the prison? What would you have thought! But because I cherished my dear Salvatore, I kept my promise and spoke nothing of what he had told me. He stayed on with our repair crew but was made a lantern bearer. After his reassignment he would beg me to let him slip inside the deepest crevices before I began sealing them. Ever was he searching for a way out.
One day, a year after the accident, he leapt inside the crevice where I was working. His eyes were larger than Id ever seen them.
Ive found it, he whispered. Ive found it!
Found what? I asked.
A way out, a way out!
Salvatore then revealed that he had discovered a room on the lowest level of the prison where the stones were deeply cloven. At the back of a certain five-pointed crevice, he had discovered a dirt wall. A dirt wall! Salvatore said. Dont you see? The way to freedom is but a shrews hole. Salvatore then became solemn. I am leaving tonight, he said. I cannot remain here another day. I want you to come with me.
The thought frightened me. Leave? I said. But what about my duties, my routines? They are all I know.
Iliff found himself nodding his head.
Yes, Salvatore told me. And that is the problem. Our routines here are all we have ever known. But they are meaningless and we are captives to them. There are far greater things beyond these walls. There is a Sun. A Sun waiting to be sought out and known and seen. My friend, we have told each other many stories in these crevices about other places, other worlds. Now at last we might experience them! My dear friend, you must come with me.
But the more he insisted, the more fearful I became, and the more excuses I found. All right, Salvatore said at last. I have prepared an extra bag for you, regardless. I will place it behind the large stone in the farthest corner of the room. The room is distant but easily found. You must but follow the staircases down until you can go down no more. I leave tonight, at midnight.
And with that Salvatore embraced me and said farewell.
The old man stopped speaking and closed his eyes.
Was he reported? Iliff asked. Was he caught?
The old mans eyes startled open. Mm? Oh, no, young master, no. He made it out. He smiled faintly. Ah, I missed my dear Salvatore, missed him greatly. The crevices were far lonelier spaces without him. I would recall the stories we used to tell each other. I thought several times of joining him, but then would only cling to my routines more closely. Then one day I discovered I was an old man. He chuckled and patted his white hair.
Did you ever see him again?
Yes, the old man said. In a dream. Many, many years after his departure. He was standing on a high place, looking down on me. I cannot tell you my joy. Salvatore! I called up to him. He smiled. Greetings my dear friend, he said. My journey has been long and difficult. It has carried me through deep, dark places and over lands strange and wonderful. But all of that is behind me. I can now see the Sun. I know who I am and where I come from. And now I am free. Come, my friend. It is never too late to go beyond your walls. I will await you here. And that was all.
The dream was at once extraordinary and familiar to Iliff. He felt that if he could just sit still with it for a moment
Aha! the old man exclaimed. It appears your crew is ready to resume its work. Come, young master. He labored to his feet and went to retrieve his broom.
Iliff hurried after him. Tell me, sir, he said. Why were you so eager to share your story?
Why, to warn you of the crevices, of course.
And with that the old man leaned over his broom and tottered back to the work site.

* * *

That afternoon a bed became available in the block for the aged and infirm. By the time Iliff returned to his cell, the one opposite his was open, its interior cleaned out.




Chapter 3


In the weeks following the old mans departure, a deep discontent fell over Iliff. The prison corridors seemed darker, the stone walls closer. His routines felt stale and empty, his work tiresome. And without his playing cards to occupy him at days end, he had nothing to do but sit in his cell and turn over the old mans story in his mind.
Yuri? he whispered late one night.
Hm?
That story
It was just a tale.
But how do we know?
Because none of those things are possible, Yuri whispered. I told you.
Iliff walked to his cell door and grasped the bars. Except for the see-sawing breaths of the prisoners around him, the silence of the cellblock was absolute. The guards did not even patrol at this hour.
But what if there is something beyond these walls?
There isnt.
Some other world?
No.
Iliff heard his friend get up from his cot and make his way to the door. When he spoke again his voice was very close.
He was just an old man, Iliff. An addle-minded old man. His story is nothing to be losing sleep over.
Iliff stared out at the dark, at the empty cell he could not see.
Theres a reason he is where he is now, Yuri added.
Yes, Iliff said. I know.

* * *

Some days later, the mixer confronted Iliff during a work break. His face was redder than usual. For the past two weeks youve been slow with the trowel, he barked. You keep the porter waiting and hold up the sanders. The men around me grumble that theyre idle with their ingredients while Im working harder than ever to keep the mortar from turning to rock. What about it?
IIm sorry. Iliff fingered his trowel blade. Its just that Ive been feeling poorly these past days. I promise to trowel more quickly.
Yes, we must all work with greater urgency. There are more and deeper fissures cropping up every day. If we dont stay on top of them, this place will fall in on our heads. Now come, come, back to work. He clapped Iliff on the shoulder, nearly knocking him to the floor, then hurried to round up the others.
Iliff had noticed the new fissures, of course. They had begun to spread shortly after the old mans departure, tearing along corridors and blooming inside of cellblocks. And where they had once been only a trowels blade deep, sometimes two, the new variety were deeper by three to four times. Longer and longer extensions had to be built onto the wooden handles of the trowels.
Iliff stepped up his work as promised, but still the fissures spread. The problem became so great that the men were forced to work more hours. Rest breaks were cut short. Evening duty stretched until lights out and sometimes beyond. Morning call sounded earlier. The size of the repair crew doubled, then tripled. The efficient system under which the men had once labored now gasped and groaned as more and more bodies crowded the work spaces.
One day Iliffs group was sent to a distant corridor. The men arrived in their largest numbers yet, their supply carts piled high. Iliff looked up at the walls in terror and awe. The mixer summoned the men to gather around him.
Weve not seen fissures like these, he said. Theyre the broadest and deepest so far.
The men shifted and grumbled.
But do not despair, he said, his voice climbing. Well seal them just the same. Listen to me! We are no longer mere pourers and mixers, sanders and trowelers, porters and lantern-bearers. Our work remains our sacred duty, yes, but the stakes are higher now. Listen! An unseen Enemy threatens us. It is this Enemy that splits the stone and tears the walls asunder.
Iliff started. Angry murmurs rose around him.
Thats right, the mixer cried. We must become like soldiers of a regiment. We must wield our tools like weapons. Our labor will be hard and our fight unrelenting. The murmurs became shouts. Men brandished their tools overhead. This is a battle of wills. Never shall we draw back or battle with weak arms. Watch the man beside you, dont let him falter. Dont let him say that he is too tired or the effort futile. For should one man fall, the battle will become desperate indeed. There may be no getting it back. But I tell you, together we are mightier than this foe! Together we shall overcome and triumph at last! All stone will be sealed and all walls made solid, and they will endure in this way forever and ever!
The eruption of cheers and jangles overcame Iliff until he was raising his voice with the others, pumping his trowel overhead.
Listen! the mixer called. To begin were going to need four men, the smallest among us, to crawl inside and begin the repair work at the rear. Its dark, perilous work, but necessary. For the deeper the crevice, the greater the Enemys advantage. Now, a show of hands! Whos up to it?
Iliffs hand was among the first to fly up. His heart raced as the mixer looked over each of them. All right, the mixer said. You, you, you, and you. He pointed to Iliff last. Good man, Iliff. And courage to you all.
Iliff scaled the wall and entered the topmost crevice. A porter handed up his trowel and mortarboard. The space was too narrow for a lantern, and because Iliff had not thought to ask for a candle, he made do with what little light seeped in from the corridor. He flattened himself and shimmied to the rear of the narrowing space, pushing his trowel and mortarboard ahead. Once there, he pressed the tip of his blade into the darkest recess. Solid. He peeked toward the entrance, then turned again to the recess. He tapped the stone. Chink, chink, chink. With each sound, a guilty thrill ran through him.
At last he scraped a quantity of mortar from the board and went to work with his trowel.

* * *

In his cot that night Iliff could not sleep. He lay with his taped fingers behind his head, his eyes opened wide to the dark. He could not recall a day when so much had happened: rumors of an unseen Enemy, the mixers call to arms, the responding cries of the workers. But it was the crevices that excited him most. Crevices large enough to crawl inside.
Yuri, he called.
Hm?
The old man, he was telling the truth about the crevices.
So?
So, if he was telling the truth about that, more of his story could be true. Iliffs mind spun with the possibilities. Think of it, Yuri. Maybe there was a Salvatore. Maybe he did find a way out of the prison. He might even have made it all the way to the Sun and looked upon it.
Nonsense, Yuri murmured.
What do you mean, nonsense? Iliff felt his cheeks starting to burn. You said his story was just a tale. Not just parts of it, but all of it. And now it turns out that some of it was true after a
Shh, youre talking too loud.
Iliff said nothing for several moments. He had never become angry with his friend like this before.
Its just that Im beginning to wonder about things, Iliff whispered.
What things?
Havent you ever wondered where we come from?
No. We come from here.
But how did we get here?
You dont get to a place youve always been.
Yes, but how do you know weve always been here? Iliff asked.
What do you mean?
Our memories only go back so far. And then theres just nothing.
Right, Yuri whispered. Nothing.

* * *

In the weeks that followed, the battle for the walls ground to a stalemate. The crew would repair one section of wall only to return the following day to find a neighboring section succumbing to still larger crevices. New prisoners appeared among the work crew. The mixers speeches became louder and more ominous.
We are laboring hard, he shouted one morning. We are giving it everything we have, and still the walls split. Still they threaten to topple around us. Watch your fellows more closely then ever. There is still the Enemy, yes, but now I fear treachery. Im certain of it! Sweat flecked from his red face and rained from his pumping, pummeling fists. Do your duty, I say! Root out this conspirator! Root him out and show him to me!
Iliff scrambled up to his crevice, determined to work as hard as he could so as not to be mistaken for a conspirator.
He pushed his trowel and board inside the crevice but paused to look over the other workers. There were so many of them now. Most had been brought in from other cellblocks and were strangers to him. He watched them labor, almost on top of one another, their faces dark, their eyes shifting and fearful. Did none of them question the walls? he wondered. Did none of them question the prison and how they had come to be here?
Iliff entered the crevice and took up his trowel. But his arms felt listless, his hands weak. And as the day wore on, even the smallest amounts of mortar came to feel like the largest blocks of stone. Finally, when the act of lifting his trowel became too muchand he was certain that no one was close enough to hearhe shook the mortar from his blade, wedged it inside the very rear of the crevice, and pressed and pried until a small piece of stone clinked away.
Startled, Iliff groped in the dark for the cold shard and covered it with his hands. It was only after several moments that he realized his heart was pumping more vigorously than ever before.

* * *

Some nights later, Iliff awoke with a gasp. In his dream the stone walls of his cell had been edging in on him, closer and closer, until he could no longer move. In another few seconds he would have been crushed. He lay back on his cot, panting and damp with sweat. He was about to get up and light a candle when he heard Yuri clear his throat in the next cell.
Are you awake? Iliff whispered.
Mm
Would would it be so bad to allow the walls to fail?
Fail? There was a long silence. How could you even ask such a thing?
But why?
Why what?
Why would it be bad?
Because the walls protect. If we allow them to fail, theres no telling what might become of us.
But we dont know.
What are you talking about?
We dont know what would happen.
Youre a troweler, Iliff. Your only concern should be how to maintain this place.
I cant.
What?
Yuris cot creaked, as if he were moving to sit up.
I cant do it anymore, Iliff whispered.
You have to, Yuri insisted. Its your duty. Now more than ever.
Iliff had no response.
Go back to sleep and see how you feel in the morning.
It wont help.
Please, Iliff, youre saying very dangerous things.

* * *

Iliff was right. He did not feel any different the next morning, or the many mornings that followed. In fact, it became harder for him to rise at first call, harder to merge with the mass of marching and chanting prisoners, harder to labor, harder to seal the crevices. He was convinced now that there was a world beyond the walls, one that the prison, with its stone blocks and routines and tales of unseen Enemies and conspirators, was trying to keep hidden. For indeed, thought Iliff, those were the tales. The old mans story was the truth. The idea that he was being made to labor behind the concealment of this truth angered him, and he began each workday by secretly hacking out a piece of stone from the crevice he was assigned to. It was a harmless, hopeless act on the face of it, but it invigorated him like nothing else.
Then one day it happened.
A porter poked his head into the crevice at the same moment that the piece of stone Iliff had been working on broke away.
You forgot your mortar the porter started to say.
Iliff tried to hide the stone as he turned toward the opening, but the porter had already seen it. His thin mouth gaped and his face began to blanch. Iliff felt the blood drain from his own face.
Nno, Iliff stammered, Im just preparing the surface
But the porter was already outside the crevice, already scuttling down the wall. Iliff hurried to the opening. He watched the man drop into the corridor and then dart his way through the crush of workers to where the mixer leaned into his long-handled spade. Iliff retreated into the shadows. After a moment, he peeked out to see the porter standing at the mixers shoulder, making jabbing motions with his hand, his Adams apple leaping up and down.
When at last the porter left his side, the mixer turned and stared at Iliffs crevice. He formed no expression with his red face and made no gesture with his large hands, which unnerved Iliff far more than if he had done either.




Chapter 4


Late that night, after all the other prisoners in the cellblock had fallen asleep, Iliff rose from his bed and dressed in the dark. His fingers trembled as they pushed the buttons through his prison shirt and pulled the laces on his work shoes.
He went to his cell door and listened into the corridor. Nothing. He struck a match and touched it to his candle, cupping his hand around the sudden flare. He moved the small light around the top of his cell door. The bolt appeared on the second pass. It was the one the guards always pulled to let him out. Iliff extended his arm between the bars and tested it. To his surprise, it turned and slid down without a catch. The door eased open on its hinges.
Iliff stood and examined the bolt, marveling that something so simple could have held him, or any of them, for so long. For the briefest moment he forgot his fear. But then he stepped out into the towering darkness, and the great weight of what he was about to do fell over him. He turned back to his cell. From the outside, it looked almost inviting. There were his cot and his table, just inside the brown reach of his light, his personals by the washbasin.
Someone hissed his name.
Iliff started and jerked the candle to his chest, nearly extinguishing it. But the voice was familiar, and when he turned and the flame swelled again, he saw taped fingers holding the bars of the adjoining cell.
What are you doing? Yuri whispered.
For half an instant Iliff considered slipping away. He had not wanted anyone to know what he was planning. But it was Yuri, after all. Iliff sidled over until he was almost before him, his hand back around the flame.
Im going, he whispered.
Going where?
Iliff glanced all around before speaking. He said there was a room at the bottom of the prison. A room with a five-pointed crevice and a dirt wall.
Who?
The old man.
The old? Iliff, this is madness! Im begging you, get back inside your cell and close the door. Do it before someone sees you.
Beyond the bars, Iliff could just make out the dim contours of his friendhead craned, eyes bearing glints of the concealed light.
I cant.
Please, Iliff.
You tell me to forget the story, but it wont go away. All day and all night its there. I cant perform my duties. I cant sleep. I cant do anything but wonderhe lowered his whispered voice even furtherabout the places beyond the prison.
But it was just a tale, Iliff.
I have to find out.
A tale.
I have to find out.
Iliff
Look, if theres no such room then Ill know. Ill know it was just a tale. Ill know that the prison is all there is. Ill come back and labor as I did before. Then then perhaps everything will return to the way it was.
You could be reported.
Im in more danger of being reported if I stay, Iliff whispered. The mixer suspects me of treachery. He looked down the dark corridor.
Yuri stood silent for several moments. He adjusted his grip on the bars. Lets pretend you do find the room, he whispered at last. What will you do then? Huh?
Iliff thought he heard a small catch in his friends voice. He reached forward until his fingers touched those clinging to the bar.
Come with me, Iliff whispered.
The hands fell and dropped inside the deep shadow of the cell.
Yuri?
Please. His voice sounded far away. Dont do this.
I have to.
Iliff lingered a moment longer, but when his friend did not reappear or speak again, he began to move off, past the hundreds of cells and the somnolent forms inside.

* * *

It took Iliff a long time to reach the corridor that joined all the cellblocks in the wing. At the end of the corridor he peered down a broad staircase. A narrow cart ramp split its center. He was not sure how far away the room with the five-pointed crevice might be.
You must but follow the staircases down until you can go down no more.
Iliff began his descent, his footfalls echoing like the pointed thuds of a childs heartbeats. The first staircase ended at a vast corridor, just like the one he had been on. He imagined cellblocks stretching off in each direction where hundreds more prisoners would be sleeping in their close-stacked cells. He hid his candle and listened for several moments. He reasoned that the guards would be like the ones on his own level and not patrol at this late hour. And why would they? The prisoners had no notion of anywhere other than the prison, no desires other than to carry out their duties. Even were they to have an inkling of something more, their fear of being reported by their fellows would quickly snuff it out.
Hearing nothing, Iliff crept across the corridor and started down the next staircase.

* * *

The sameness of the corridors and stairs went on for many levels. But after a time the staircases began to change. They became narrower. And where they had once run straight, they now shifted in odd places. Some even twisted back on themselves. The corridors changed too. They no longer seemed to join cellblocks and were smaller, less organized.
Iliff had never been this deep in the prison. The spaces were humid, the stone walls glossy with moisture. A metallic tang bit the stale air. Deeper and deeper he descended. The stairs became whimsical, spiraling affairs, the corridors labyrinthine. He was having a harder time finding the stairwells and several times was forced to retrace his steps. He discovered some in dark corners and others along obscure passages. One he found half-hidden behind a crumbling wall.
At last he arrived inside a deep corridor littered with stones. He searched and searched, pushing his light into every conceivable space, but there were no more passageways, no more staircases. He had come to the bottom of the prison, it seemed, and there was nothing.
Iliff wound throughout the corridor once more and then dropped onto the bottommost step of the last stairwell. His candle was more than half gone. He dripped some wax onto the stone near his feet and pressed the candlestick into it so it stood. As he watched the small flame hover in the vast darkness, he thought of the old mans story. Month after restless month of his wondering and imagining and, at last, believing. Believing. It seemed impossible now that it could not be true, that there was not another world beyond the walls, that there was just the prison. The only world he had ever known.
He remembered then what he had promised Yuri and clamped his eyelids shut. How could he go back to that cell? How could he go back to that impossible labor? Just the thought of trudging back up all those
He jerked around, his stomach on fire. He looked up the dark stairwell. He had been so intent on getting here, on finding the room, that he had not thought to leave anything to find his way back by. He stood and held onto the wall. The humid air felt stifling suddenly. How many levels had he come down? How many stairways? He tried to remember. There had been so many.
Then a thought even more dreadful occurred to him. Morning call would come and he would be missing from his cell. There was already the porters testimony from the day before, now this would seal it. He would be called out as a conspirator. Reported. Disappeared. Never to be seen or heard from again.
Iliff was looking desperately about when something caught his eye. He glanced down and was surprised to see a small creature ambling over the stone floor. Iliff went and crouched over it. The prison had a few small creaturesrodents mostlybut nothing like this, nothing dark and shining. He picked up the candle and followed the creatures course. He counted six rigid legs and a large set of mandibles that held something round. Iliff stooped until his eyes were almost on level with it. The creature was carrying a damp clump of earth.
Iliff sprang to his feet and hurried to the wall from where the creature had come. He held the candle aloft. The flame flickered then steadied to reveal, high in the variegated stone, a five-pointed crevice.
Ha! Iliff called out, his sound echoing throughout the corridor.
He braced the end of the candle between his teeth and pulled himself up until he could peer inside. The space was large enough for a person his size and extended into darkness. Crumbs of earth littered its floor. Iliff was preparing to enter when he remembered another part of the old mans story.
He dropped and ran to the opposite end of what he now realized was no corridor, but an enormous oblong room. A large stone sat in one corner, one he had passed several times in his search. He leapt onto it and held his candle to look behind. Down near the floor, half-buried in rubble, was a bag.
Heart drumming, Iliff lifted it out. He set it on the stone and brushed the dust from it. The bag was large and made of burlap with a length of rope to put ones head and arm through. Iliff undid the twine that cinched its neck closed. Inside he found a set of prison clothes, a trowel, several candles, matches, a skin for water, and a package of dried food.
Iliff slung the bag over his shoulder and felt it settle stiffly against his back. He imagined for a moment that he was not Iliff, but Salvatore, Seeker of the Sun. The thought made him dizzy.
He returned to the crevice and held up the candle and counted the points again to be sure. But now the opening looked less like a crevice and more like a gaping mouth. He was considering this new, ominous image when from many levels above, there came a sound. Iliff tilted his head and held his breath. He had never heard a sound like it before: distant rumbling. He touched the wall. The trembling beneath his hand was subtle but building.
He became alarmed. Were the walls failing in his absence? Was the prison collapsing?
The rumbling swelled, then emerged from the stairwell in a pounding echo, coming nearer, all the time coming nearer. And now the sound was close enough for Iliff to recognize.
Footfalls.
Iliff leapt and grabbed the edge of the crevice. He kicked and kicked against the wall, but the toes of his shoes slipped against the slick stone and he could not raise himself. He hung for a moment before trying again, but it was no good.
The footfalls resounded like drums.
Iliff sobbed once, a choked, awful noise, then dropped to the floor. A large stone stood nearby, and he ran over and crouched with his back to it. He pressed with his legs until the stone ground into reluctant motion. He drove it along the wall, one trembling step after another. The pounding grew louder and more terrible. When he thought he had the stone in position, he stole a look toward the stairwell.
Descending, flickering firelight.
Mouth desiccated, body bristling, Iliff climbed onto the stone and almost wept to see that he had not misjudged. The crevice was right above him.
He leapt and pulled himself inside to his waist, then shoved and wriggled until his feet were inside as well. He took the candle from his mouth and shook it out. Behind him the first footfalls poured inside the room and spread along its length. And now came the brusque sounds of guards.
Iliff pulled himself along as quickly and quietly as he could, his heart hammering the stone beneath him. The floor of the crevice rose and fell. The guards' voices and footfalls multiplied and converged outside the mouth of the crevice. And then there came a simmering silence.
Suddenly: Iliff!
The guards voice boomed a second time. And a third.
Iliff did not stop, did not look back. The tolling of his name propelled him forward. He pulled and kicked deeper into the crevice. And then his fingers plunged into wet earth and the crevice ended. The earthen surface sloped upward, and he felt his way forward until he encountered a stone ceiling. He felt to each side, only to discover more stone. He tore at the earth with his hands and cast it behind him. But beyond the first, loose layer, the earth was compacted and hard, almost as unyielding as the stone that surrounded it.
Iliff! We know youre here!
Iliff writhed around and, wiping dirt and sweat from his eyes, peered down the tunnel. Far away, outside the mouth, he saw an angry dance of lights. Then a shadow leapt over everything.
Iliff backed himself as close to the dirt wall as he could. He opened the burlap bag and felt inside for the old trowel. By the time he found it, light flickered from the mouth of the crevice.
Someone was inside.
Iliff held the trowel before him. Clenching the muscles of his jaw, he aimed the blade down the tunnel. But when he imagined it stabbing into flesh, his resolve faltered. He would not be able to do it. His chest convulsed around another sob.
But before he could come undone or give himself up, he turned and thrust the trowel into the wall. A spade-full of earth tumbled around him. He drove the trowel again, this time more forcefully. And then again. On his fourth thrust, his arm plunged forward to the shoulder. Gasping with urgency, Iliff punched out a hole and squirmed his way into an earthen tunnel beyond. When he turned to seal the way behind him, he saw that the flame had come to within several feet. A voice called out in a whisper.
Iliff?
Iliff paused. He could see tape on the persons fingers.
Yuri?
Yes, its me.
Dont come any closer. Iliff squinted into the light.
Im here to talk to you. The light edged closer.
Stop, I said!
The candle light fluttered, then hovered in place. Yuris face remained beyond its yellow glow.
Whats this all about?
I had to, Iliff.
Had to what? And then Iliff knew. His face burned. You?
Yes, but listen to me.
You reported me.
Yes, but
Curse you.
Listen to me
Curse you!
Well, what about you? Yuri cried. You talked of the walls failing. Wished for it. You didnt care what became of this place or the rest of us. His tone softened. What was I supposed to do?
Iliff knelt in silence before the hole in the earthen wall. They were just thoughts, he whispered.
And that was dangerous enough. But they didnt stay thoughts.
Iliff tried to peer past his friend to where the distant murmurs of the guards thrummed and echoed.
Theyre here to disappear me.
Yes, but its not what you think, Yuri said. Theyre going to move you to another cellblock, one more remote and better guarded. His light drew nearer as he spoke. Ive arranged to be transferred with you. That was my condition for revealing your whereabouts.
You trust them?
The prison needs you, Iliff. Youre a troweler. Youre what holds this place together.
Iliff thought about this. And if I dont want to do it anymore?
Its what you are, Yuri said. What else would you do?
Iliff closed his eyes. His friend, his lifelong friend. How had it come to this? When he opened his eyes, he gave a startled shout. Large eyes peered at him from beneath thick, boyish brows and dark locks of hair. Iliff regarded the face as he drew back, its familiar soft angles, its cleft chin. The features suspended themselves before him as if reflected in the mirror above his washbasin.
Iliff tried to speak, but could not. Yuri parted his lips, but nothing emerged. For several moments they did nothing but stare into the others eyes. When Yuris candle trembled, Iliff became aware of the glistening earth around him. It was warm and pulsing, urging him from the stone, urging him onward.
IIm sorry, Iliff whispered at last.
He fought tears as he pushed armfuls of earth up into the opening, sealing the hole, shutting away his friends image.
Only after he had scurried away a good distance did he pull a candle from his bag and light it. The flame illuminated the earthen walls where darkness stretched ahead and behind. He listened. His choked breathing was the only sound now. He wondered how much farther he had to go.
He began to crawl forward again, but the floor crumbled beneath his hand. Suddenly the whole floor was giving way. He released the candle and scrambled to grab hold of something, but there was nothing.
In the blackness, Iliff fell a great distance.




Chapter 5


When Iliff awoke, he could not be sure his eyes were open, so dark was his space. It was a full moment before he realized that he was lying on his back. He inhaled rich, moist air. The earth beneath him pressed and cooled his skin. And with this he discovered that he was clad only in his prison trousers. He lifted a hand to his body. A damp square of cloth covered his abdomen, secured by a binding.
With dull limbs, Iiff sat up. His head swam and, beneath the cloth, his stomach throbbed. As his legs dropped to the floor, he found that the mound of earth on which he had been lying was held within a frame.
He stood with effort and groped his way along the woven frame to a wall. Before long, his hands made out a small alcove. There was a vessel of water on its sill and, beside it, what felt like smooth stones. Iliff lifted the vessel to his parched lips and drank. The cool water dispelled some of the fever from his thoughts, but he still could not remember where he was or how he had come to be here.
Farther along the wall he came to a mat on the floor, and upon the mat was a bag. He felt a folded shirt beside it. He opened the bag and searched through it with his hand. He had just encountered some candles when something made him stop and turn. The space was opaque but there was something breathing. Something moving. The darkness swelled and shimmered.
Iliff crouched closer to the wall.
Do not be afraid, came a voice.
A soft light emerged, as if from beneath deep water, illuminating the entrance of the pod-shaped room. At the lights center stood a figure. She was slight with chestnut hair tied crown-like at her brow. The rest of her hair fell in gentle tresses over a mist-covered gown. Her face was fair, her skin luminous. She held a small kettle and cloth. She looked on him with green eyes, her expression betraying nothing, except perhaps the mildest curiosity.
Iliff became sensitive to his bare chest and gray trousers. He lowered his gaze. Im a prisoner, he mumbled. Not worthy of your attention.
As she approached him, the light swelled around her. It pushed into the delicate earthen walls where it settled and brightened the small room. Come, she said. Let me change your poultice.
He submitted to her voice and her gentle glow. He lay back on the bed and watched her work, watched her eyes move over him. She was a woman. He had heard of them, of course, but never seen one. He marveled at her form, her poise. He breathed her soft aroma. He could not tell her age. At times she appeared youthful, at others more mature. She lifted off the old poultice with agile fingers. He could see the gouge in his stomach, but it looked to be healing. He wondered how long he had been here.
You fell a long way, she said, as if hearing his thoughts. You landed in my dwelling. That was nine days ago. She crushed some roots with a mortar and pestle on the alcoves sill and poured steaming water from the kettle. She added a handful of red earth.
Iliff felt panic rising up in him, felt it perforating their strange seclusion.
IIm sorryI must go now, he stammered. I must return to my cell. I was never supposed to leave and now Ive been away for nine days. He could think only of the struggle for the stone walls being waged somewhere above them, of the crevices proliferating in his absence. In his minds eye he saw the severe face of the mixer. Im surely ruined, he groaned.
You are not yet healed. And you are far from your cell.
She scraped the ginger-colored mixture into the center of the cloth and folded the rest of the cloth around it. She placed the fresh poultice on the wound and then, helping him sit up, bound it to him with a thin roll of fabric. Whether from her touch or the incipient action of the poultice, which smoldered pleasantly inside his wound, Iliff began to feel calm. His preoccupation with the prison faded. And now he began to recall his escape, his flight down the earthen tunnel, the horrible, helpless sensation of falling.
Who are you? he asked, struggling to keep his eyes open.
I am called Adramina. She looked at the vessel on the sill. I will bring you more water.
I will wait.
But no sooner than she had left the room, he was sleeping again, like a small child.

* * *

Adramina came each morning to tend to Iliff. She changed his poultice, filled the clay vessel on his sill with clean, cool water, and brought him food on a wood tray: tender shoots, white roots and mushroom. In the evenings she set up a large basin of water for bathing.
One evening, after she had set the water beside his bed and was turning to leave, he called to her. As her large luminous eyes trained on him, he felt at once wonderful and weak.
Why do you tend to me? he asked her.
I care for all those just emerged.
Emerged?
Yes, those going from their former world to the one beyond.
Iliff thought for a moment. Salvatore. Did you ever care for a man named Salvatore?
She nodded.
Iliff sat up in the bed. What was he like?
He was young. Brimming with questions.
Iliff thought of the old man and how his childhood friend had made it out, after all. He started to laugh but then realized that a lifetime had passed since then.
How old are you?
She smiled. I am beyond years.
Where do you come from?
Like you, I am from the Sun, she said. But I am also of the Earth. Like you.
How can we be from both?
Her green eyes lingered on his. How indeed, she said at last.

* * *

One morning Adramina removed the bandage to reveal fresh pink skin. She pressed her hand to his abdomen.
Your wound is healed, she said. You no longer require the poultice, but you will need more time to regain your strength.
Iliff nodded.
You have a decision before you. Her eyes darkened. One that will require careful thought. You are no longer in the prison, but neither are you in the world out there. You must choose. If you wish to go forward, I will help you. If you wish to return, I can make it seem to the others that you never left.
Iliff looked up, startled. He had not given any thought to leaving. He assumed he would remain here, with her.
But be warned, she continued. If you choose to go forward, it must be to the Sun. It will seem the longest, most perilous road, yes, but all others lead to despair. Indeed, you would wish for your prison again.
Iliff looked beyond her.
No, Iliff, this place is not a choice. She tilted her head and stroked his hair. But so long as you are here, you will be my cherished guest. You may visit any room in my dwelling with a door that bids your passage. You are not to enter the others, least of all my private chambers. There are things here you are not ready to see, rooms from which you would never return. Do you understand?
Iliff could barely bring himself to nod, so heavy was his disappointment.
Without warning, she clutched his forehead. Iliff looked to her face, which was suddenly narrow and intense. Something stirred in the recesses of her expanding eyes. In the next instant, Iliff felt his brow releasing, felt the gloom that clouded his mind becoming thin, wafting away. His thoughts became fewer and clearer. As she removed her hand, her mien was gentle once more.
There, she whispered. She stood to leave. I will return when you have made your decision.

* * *

Several days later Iliff set out to explore Adraminas dwelling. Though the earthen abode was large, he found most of the colored doors closed to him. The remaining rooms opened one onto the other, like beads on a string. They formed a long, looping hallway where roots ran in and out of the walls and beige sands carpeted the floors. As he walked, Iliff considered his choices.
He had given little thought to the prison since arriving here. Now he pictured Yuri standing behind the bars of his cell door, calling to him in whispers, calling him back to the familiar walls and routines. For a moment Iliff allowed the phantom entreaties of his old friend to move him. But they could not hold him. He remembered his suffocating discontent in those final months, his joy at discovering the five-pointed crevice. He remembered Yuris betrayal.
The prison was no longer a choice for him, not even if Adramina did have the power to make it seem he had never left.
He ran his hand along the roots in the walls, pushed his toes through the sand. His legs had firmed and strengthened in the last days, and he imagined them now carrying him to the Sun. Long, she had called the journey. Perilous. He repeated these words to himself, and the more he did, the more they frightened him. After all, the world out there was foreign to him, the ways unknown. Anything could befall him. Injury. Illness. Death, even.
Iliff had nearly completed his walk, and was no nearer a decision, when he came upon a green door. Something in its color and contours told him it was the door to Adraminas room. He raised his candle to the wooden frame and felt its smooth, slender curve.
He had not seen her since the morning she had come to remove the poultice for the final time. The only evidence of her presence were the trays of food she left him, the fresh water, the basin and towel for bathing, the tea in the evening. Sometimes he thought he could hear her moving in a nearby room, but by the time he got there, the air would be still, the space empty.
Iliff moved his hand to the door handle, his fingers curling around the braided roots. But he did not test the door. And after several moments he sighed and made his way back to his room.

* * *

Days and weeks passed and still Adramina remained elusive. Iliff feigned sleep so he might catch her delivering his tray. But after hearing nothing, he would open his eyes to find a fresh arrangement of food on the sill and the clay vessel brimming with water. In the evenings he splashed his bathwater with his hands, then rushed to the room where she prepared his tea, but the clay cup would already be out, steam rising from its mouth.
He tried similar deceptions but with no more success.
I cannot stand this, he cried one evening. It has been many weeks and I can think of nothing else. So what if I enter her room? What harm is there if it is only to look upon her?
With that he strode to the green door. As he eased it open, a rich, mysterious smell enveloped him.
rooms from which you would never return.
He paused before stepping inside. The room was cavernous, the ceiling and walls obscured by their very depths. He held up his candle and advanced one step, then another, glancing back to the door each time.
It seemed a long time before his light fell on a bed of elaborately woven roots. There he found Adramina sleeping.
He held the candle to her perfect face. His gaze beheld the gentle tresses that framed it, that descended to swathe the smooth skin of her body. It was almost too much. He wanted so badly to lean in and inhale her fragrance, to slide his hand beneath the verge of her hair and hold her soft cheek. But he did not dare to disturb her. He stood at her bedside and watched her sleep, until his candle was nearly out.
When Iliff returned the following night, he was surprised to find thin lines etching the corners of her eyes and settling into her brow. He followed them to the verges of her face where her hair now appeared straighter than before. It lay limp and without luster along the angles of her body.
By the next night the lines had proliferated and deepened into creases. The brittle hair exposed a contracting figure. As he moved the candle over her, the light showed mottled skin and knotted joints.
On the final night he found only a withered form. Her breath came and went in dry scrapes.
Adramina? he whispered several times. He shook her gently, but her eyes remained closed.
He wanted to help her but he did not know how. He lowered himself to her bedside and found one of her fragile hands to hold inside his own. He took the water vessel from her nightstand and tipped it to her lips, but the water only ran down her neck. He sat looking over her decrepit body. It reminded him of the prison with its torn and crumbling walls. And in the next moment Iliff was overcome by the frailty of everything, and he began to weep. He continued to hold her hand, even as he shuddered over her. Did nothing last? he wanted to know. And if not, what was the hope of anything?
Then he remembered a part of the old mans story that had not seemed significant to him during the telling. Slowly Iliff straightened. He went over the old mans words many times in his mind. It was only much later that he folded Adraminas hands over her chest, touched his lips to her wispy brow, and retired from her room.




Chapter 6


The following morning Adramina entered his room, carrying a vessel of fresh water. She appeared as luminous as on the morning he had first seen her. Her green eyes glimmered over him. You have made your decision? she said.
Yes, Iliff replied, hiding his amazement.
She set the clay vessel on the sill and picked up the empty one. You will tell me this evening?
I will tell you this evening.
He watched her turn, watched the soft tresses of hair flow around her movement. He breathed her lingering fragrance. Her resurrection was as mysterious to him as it was complete.
That evening he heard Adramina calling to him. He followed the song of her voice along the hall to one of the rooms that had been closed to him. Stepping beyond the door, he found her sitting where the roots in the wall had spun themselves into an elegant chair. She nodded to a woven mat on the floor, illuminated by her soft light. All else lay dark. Iliff thought he could hear water trickling into a pool somewhere.
You have made your decision.
Yes, Iliff said, taking his seat on the mat. I will venture into the world out there. I will seek the Sun.
Very good, she said. Many are called, but few hear the call. Even fewer heed it. Her eyes grew large. But the way is not for the weary or the weak. Neither is it for the whimsical who, distracted by this fancy and that, exhaust their energies. No. Those who seek the Sun must be steadfast and strong.
Iliffs gaze faltered.
Adramina smiled down on him. Ever lurking is your doubt, Iliff, she said. But think how far you have come already. You left your cell while those around you slept. You cleaved stone. You moved earth. Had I not thought you capable, I would not have taken you in. I would have returned you to your prison, and there you would have awakened, in darkness and in pain.
But how am I to go?
Your path is up, she said. Ever up. For that is where the Sun is seen. Only by this path can you come to know the Suns nature. But you must walk as if on a gossamer thread. No more so than at the outset, for miserable creatures abound. Some of them you will recognize and avoid, but others will appear attractive and beckon to you with sweet tongues and crooked fingers. Still others will seem pitiable, and you will think it heartless to ignore their pleas. But do not be fooled, Iliff! Many a Seeker has stepped from the path saying, Only for a moment, only for this or that, only to become lost, never to regain the pathnay, never even to seek it. Such is the power of the lower creatures, those who want only for themselves. They will be your first test.
Iliff became fearful. Am I to do this alone?
You will have companions, she said. Some will be Seekers like you, and you will go together so long as your paths are common. Others will be Guides, though you must discern the true from the false. But, too, there will be times when you will have to journey alone.
What about you? Cant you come with me?
She shook her head. The journey must be your own, Iliff. I cannot make it for you. But should you become truly lost, should your trouble appear dire, think on me, and I will assist you as I can. But only three times may you call on me. For only three times will I answer.
Iliff nodded, relieved to have her help at least. He was about to ask her about the tests when she smiled and spoke.
The tests are your path. Already have I told you of the lower creatures. Already have I pointed to your doubting mind. The other tests you cannot yet understand, though it will do no harm to name some of them. She fell silent for a moment, her eyes closed. You will confront shadow and light. Neither is what it will first seem, no, and yet both are as they are. You must come to see this. Greater will become the lands and waters out there, but greater too the guardians that keep them. To get beyond them will demand much of you. And then there is your final test. Her green eyes glinted as she opened them. To look upon the Sun. To perish at last.
Iliff felt his stomach draw in. Perish? he whispered.
Yes, but do not fear. For the path, if it be true, will demand many deaths of you. Look on yourself, Iliff. See that you are still here. Yet I tell you that you have passed through death already. She leaned toward him. You could not have made it to this place otherwise.
Iliff became faint. I am dead?
As you knew yourself, yes. You once gave a stranger a gift. Do you remember? That is when the seed germinated. It took root when you listened to his story. The roots drank of your curiosity and fascination. They spread. They split the stone around you. But your death was not consummated until you left the prison and sealed the way behind you. She looked on him intently. Someone tried to stop you?
Yes, my old friend. Yuri. Saying his name, Iliff realized how much he missed him. He was afraid for me, I think. Afraid for the prison.
That was you, Iliff.
Me?
You act startled, but when you looked on his face, who did you see? You saw yourself, did you not?
Iliff closed his eyes and shook his head. But a part of him had known, the same part that had screamed silently when he buried his friends imagehis own image.
It sounds harsh. But I could also have said that the path, if it be true, will demand many births of you. And that to look upon the Sun is to be born at last. Open your eyes, look at yourself again. Gone is Iliff of the prison, yes. But here sits Iliff who is beyond the prison. As the world you know becomes greater, so too must you. At times this will require you to shed off old forms, at others, to join with new ones. I say again, it is the only way you could have arrived here. It is the only way you will advance in your journey.
Iliff suddenly felt lonelier than he ever had.
Salvatore had to leave his prison self as well, and it was no less difficult for him. It troubled him greatly. She was quiet for a moment. It might interest you to know that you met Salvatores prison self.
Iliff opened his eyes.
He was your stranger, she said.
Iliff thought of the sagging old man with the spires of white hair.
These deaths I speak of are our own, Iliff, not theirs. They will continue to exist. And though we leave them behind, our journey can transform them as well. It was just such a transformation that moved the old man to share Salvatores tale with you.
Iliff tried to make sense of this, but his confusion only excited his fears and the result was sudden anger.
But you said I could go back, he cried. You said it was my choice.
And so it remains. After all, there can be lessons in going back. Her voice became hard. Just as there can be lessons in going into forbidden rooms.
Iliff had dropped his gaze but now started up. He found her looming over him. Her green eyes seemed to blaze and darken at once, casting a shadow over the room. The air quivered and quaked. He tried to back up, to turn away, but something held him. Adraminas eyes continued to expand and deepen until she no longer looked like a woman, but something beautiful and fearsome, something that could destroy him with a gesture.
You were very foolish to enter my room and look on me. The voice shook inside his head. You cannot look on things for which you are not prepared. I told you this. Had I not sensed your presence, not altered my form, the sight of me would have consumed you.
Im sorry, he whispered.
The eyes that held him became the many doors of her dwelling. Most of them were closed, but some were ajar, and all of them shone and trembled in their frames. Iliff feared that they were going to come flying open at once and overcome him. But at the last instant, Adraminas eyes relented. The air around her stilled, and she diminished into her woven chair. Soft light returned to their space
Tell me now, Iliff, she said, her voice strangely calm. Tell me what you saw in my room.
Iliff struggled for a moment to find his words. II saw you dying, he said. He peeked up, relieved to find that her face remained passive. And then I saw that everything around me was dying and falling apart.
This saddened you.
He nodded, recalling the withered texture of her hand, the deep aching in his chest.
But you did not remain sad.
No He thought for a moment. I remembered the old mans story. I remembered the Sun telling Salvatore that it was eternal, that it was the source of all things. I understood then that if I journeyed to the Sun, that if I were able to get there and look upon it, I need never fear death or ruin again. He glanced back up at her. It was this thought that comforted me.
What is the Sun to you?
I cant see its light. I cant hear its voice. And yet in that moment last night, it was as if I had known it once. And having known it, I could not help but seek it again. It was as if there was no other choice for me.
And this remains your decision?
It does.
Even after everything I have told you. Everything you have seen.
Yes.
Adramina descended from her seat and knelt before him. That is good, Iliff. She wrapped her slender hands over his. Light beamed from her face. Go now and prepare your bag. Rest well this night, for tomorrow I will show you the way to the world out there. The way home.




Chapter 7


The next morning Adramina led Iliff through her dwelling to a closed door that he did not remember from his walks. The door was round and gray. When she opened it, he was surprised to see light beyond, faint though it was. It dabbed through a space near the ceiling where roots wound around one another to form an opening. Below the space, roots arced from the earthen wall like the steps of a ladder.
There is the way out, she said. Follow the roots and the path of least darkness. Do not stray. The tunnels beyond are many. Seekers have been known to become lost in them.
Iliff nodded.
I have prepared food for you and filled your skin with water. You will also find clothes inside better suited to your travels.
Iliff had felt the extra weight in his bag. He looked through it now and discovered the additions. The clothes were tied into a neat bundle. Among them were earth-colored trousers, white tunics, stockings, a green sleeveless jacket, and a long burgundy cloak. Dark boots lay folded at the bottom of the pack.
That is not all, she said. She took his hand and placed there a cloth pouch with a drawstring. Iliff opened the pouch to find an S-shaped piece of black metal, a shard of white flint, and tinder fungus. The conditions must be so, she said, but upon giving spark, it can illuminate even the darkest places.
Iliff placed the tinder pouch in his pocket. Im sorry I have nothing to give in return.
Her eyes fell to his bag. The handle of the trowel jutted from the opening. It served you well once, she said. But it is a tool you no longer need.
Oh, that. He felt suddenly protective of the trowel and pushed it deeper into the bag. Yes, yes, Ill toss it as soon as Im out.
Her green eyes lingered on the bag before rising to meet Iliffs eyes.
Your light is dim. It needs air to breathe. She placed her hand on his cheek. Remember this.
I will, Iliff said. And I thank you. For everything.
Adramina touched her lips to his other cheek and retreated from the room. Her light slipped from the earthen walls. Iliff watched until she was far down the hallway and the darkness had closed behind her. He sighed and lifted Salvatores bag over his back. The dim opening awaited him. He nodded to himself once, twice, and then climbed the roots and pulled himself through.

* * *

The passage was large enough for Iliff to stand. Dark forms twisted along its length. He waited for his eyes to adjust to the meager light. But rather than illuminate the passage, the light only seemed to draw enough color from the walls to make the darkness murky rather than absolute. He debated whether to light a candle before deciding to go without one. Hoisting his bag higher on his back, he reached for a root along the wall and took his first careful steps.
The passageway went up at a slight grade. It soon joined another root-lined passage which doubled back but continued upward. Iliff picked up his pace and, before long, came to a place where the passageway opened and divided into three.
Though he could make out roots in the rightmost passage, he stepped inside the others anyway, just to be certain. From their dark, desolate vantages he was glad to see the dim light of his present course. But a queer feeling came over him, as if he should not be in these other passages and yet should be in them. He hastened back to the rightmost passage.
Similar junctions followed, and at every one Iliff held to the way with the roots. Up and up went his course, and it seemed to him that the light was gaining a bit of strength, pushing out more of the gloom.
About midday Iliff arrived at another junction, this one with two passageways forward: one dim with roots, the other opaque and rock-strewn. There was a stone between them, and Iliff thought it a good place to sit and rest. He pulled out the water skin and some of the food Adramina had packed for him. He sat facing the mouth of the dark tunnel and looked into it as he ate. He wondered about all of the tunnels he was bypassing. Did they lead to other worlds as well?
He was just replacing the water skin when from beyond the mouth of the dark tunnel, there came a distinct sound. Iliff stilled his breath. Yes, there it was again! Crack. Crack. Crack. The sound of stones being struck.
Iliff stood and walked a few paces into the passageway. He pulled a candle from his bag and lit it. The tunnel was steep, its walls riddled with black stones. What would someone be doing down here? he wondered. He looked back to the opening, to the stone he had been sitting on.
The cracking sounded again. Sharper this time.
When he spun toward it, the same disquieting feeling came over him as in the other dark tunnels. He considered what Adramina had said about Seekers going astray. Perhaps this was just such a Seeker, he thought suddenly, a lost Seeker signaling for help. He felt compelled to find out. But underlying his sense of dutyindeed, leaping beneath itwas his hope that the excursion would lead him to a fellow Seeker. Then he would not have to journey into the world out there alone.
It was in this spirit that Iliff descended into the black tunnel. He did not believe he would have to go far to discover the source of the sound, for already the cracking was reverberating around him.
Crack! Crack! Crack!
But the acoustics of the tunnels deceived him. Every time he thought the source to be just around the next bend, the cracks would echo from still farther down. The walls became steeper and rockier, the junctions more tangled. Recalling the mistake he had made in the prison, Iliff took special care to drip candle wax every time he changed course.
Eventually he arrived at a steep bend illuminated from beyond by violent red light. When the sound erupted again, it felt to Iliff as if it were right on top of him, hammering the insides of his ears.
CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!
Iliff blew out his candle and pressed his body to the floor. He inched forward, peering around the bend. At first he saw only a large torch spewing fire and black smoke against the far wall. But just beyond the light of the torch, there stood something else. A man. Though barely discernible, a shadow among shadows, he was easily the largest person Iliff had ever beheld. He stood taller than the mixer by several heads and was perhaps twice his breadth.
Huffing, the man lifted a large pick-axe and drove it into the wall before him. Sparks leapt. Stones split and tumbled to his feet. The man stooped and pawed through them. He tossed a few into a nearby cart and then hitched his trousers, lifted his axe, and swung it into the crumbling wall again.
CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!
Iliff crept closer, but in doing so his pack shifted from his back and scraped against the stone. The tunnel amplified the harsh sound. Iliff stiffened, one hand poised above the floor.
There came a deep rumble then, like a question. The man turned and lumbered toward the torch. He peered past the light, and instantly Iliff saw his mistake. For what the light revealed was not a man, but a creature, a gruesome creature whose face showed as a wide jutting mouth. Iliff searched for its eyes but found none. There was only a pair of depressions beneath a short, punched-out brow and a tangle of black hair. Everything about the creature spoke of crudeness and hunger. It craned its head forward and sniffed the air.
Iliff shrank back. The creature now stood full in the torchlight. Clad in gray trousers, its body showed pale and craggy, its skin pocked with boils. A savage reek assaulted Iliffs nostrils.
He watched the creature from his crouch, willing it to give up, to go back to its work. The creature sniffed the air again, then grabbed the torch and swung it here and there. Iliff withdrew beyond the whooshing illuminations. At last the creature grunted and ground the torch into the wall. Cinders scattered. The tunnel went black.
Iliff retreated around the bend on all fours. He could hear the creatures breaths, severe and serrated, but could not tell whether they pursued. He pushed away the stone floor with his hands and knees, wishing with all his might he was back in the root-lined tunnel, far away from this monstrosity. But rather than finding his wish fulfilled, Iliff thudded into a wall. There erupted a horrible Aha!
Iliff stood to run, the sound of pounding footfalls fell upon him. In the next moment the creature seized him and slammed him over its stinking back. Iliff shrieked and kicked, but the creature only clenched him more tightly, its fingers like stone manacles. It turned and broke into a shambling run.
No! Iliff screamed. Let me go!
Iliffs panicked thoughts raced round and round before seizing on the trowel in his bag. The metal blade. He managed to jerk an arm free and reach behind. He felt his way inside the bag, the bulk of which was above the creatures grip, and dug his hand past the bundle of clothes. He pushed aside the skin of water, the food, and at last touched the trowels wooden handle.
But before he could work his grip over it, their space broke open into red light. Cracking and clanging sounded all around them. Without warning, the creature dumped Iliff to the ground. The impact forced his hand from the bag and the wind from his lungs.

Iliff struggled to sit up. He was in the middle of a large junction of tunnels propped by scaffolding. Dozens of creatures labored nearby. With their massive jaws, squat brows, and violent tangles of hair, they were nearly identical to the creature that had carried him hereonly larger. They towered inside the tunnels, many of them stooping to avoid the ceiling.
Still struggling for air, Iliff watched helplessly as the creatures nudged one another and turned. The sounds of labor fell away. Several of them dropped their pick-axes and giant hammers as they stumbled toward him. Iliff backpedaled on his hands and feet until he was against the nearest wall. The creatures crammed around him and smothered him with foul, fogging breath.
I found him sneaking about, his captor called from behind the others. Probably a thief.
The creatures grunted and nodded. One leaned in so close that Iliff could see strings of meat between its jagged teeth. What have we here? it rumbled.
The creature shot its hand forward and Iliff squinted and covered his head. In the next instant his bag was wrenched from his back.
Shouts erupted and when Iliff peeked between his forearms, he saw the other creatures leaping and grabbing for the bag. Back and forth it went. Finally, one of them got a hold of it long enough to turn out its contents. The rest of the creatures collapsed over the spoils, and a thundering commotion ensued. Iliff listened to his food and water being devoured. At last, the mass of creatures broke apart, leaving the bag and the rest of its contents scattered over the floor. Iliff exhaled, faint with relief.
What should I do with him? his captor shouted at their backs.
Iliff crawled to his things and pushed them back inside the bag. He put the trowel at the top, though its blade appeared puny to him now.
The Boss, one of them called. Hell know what to do.
Iliff stood and eased the bag over his shoulder. The rest of the creatures returned to their clamorous work. Only his captor remained, looking at the ground. It pulled at its trousers and scratched its jaw. Iliff backed up a couple of steps, then dashed for the dark end of the tunnel. But the creature snapped to and in four giant steps caught up to Iliff and hoisted him up and over its back.
Oh, no you dont, it said. Were not done with you yet.
The creature began to run with him again. Though the trowel was within Iliffs reach, he did not go for it. Even if he managed to free himself, he thought, he had no idea where he was, and these creatures seemed to be everywhere besides.
He cursed himself for leaving the path, for failing to heed Adraminas warning. Suddenly, in the midst of the jouncing, he recalled his appeals: Three times may you call on me. His chest swelled. He opened his mouth to speak Adraminas name, but exhaled his air instead.
How was he going to explain himself? How was he going to explain his willful departure from the path so soon after starting out? He decided to wait. Perhaps the worst was behind him. Perhaps he could still figure his way out of this.
The creature carried him through tunnels and more dark tunnels. Some of them were commotions of industry and shouting, others still and silent as tombs. After a time the creature began to bound up what felt like a steep staircase. The creatures back heaved beneath him, its breath hitching every time it inhaled.
Stop! called a coarse voice from in front of them.
Iliffs captor stepped onto a wide torch-lit landing. Iliff could now see the top of the staircase they had come up by. To either side hewn stones fell into deepest darkness.
Whats your business with the Boss?
The creature shook Iliff. Found him sneaking around my work site. The others said I should bring him here. In case he were a thief.
A thief, huh? Hot air snuffed over Iliff. Wait here, Ill see if I can get you an audience.
Iliff heard what sounded like a large stone being scraped across the floor, first one way and then another. He tried peering around his captor, but its back was too broad. After several moments the scraping sounded again.
Yeah, the voice said. The Boss wants to see what youve plucked up there. Hurry in, before he changes his mind.
The creature carried Iliff past a stone door and into a small room. There, a second creature showed them into a much larger room. Light glowed from gold lanterns on either side of the door. Iliffs captor hesitated, then lurched ahead, its footfalls softening to dull thuds. Iliff watched a gold rug extend behind them, farther and farther back. More lanterns lined the way, but beyond these, the room was dark.
Ah, so this is the little mouse? The voice that rose before them was high and clear, almost jovial. But he didnt get the cheese he was after, hmm? All right then, all right, lets have a look.
The creature set Iliff on his feet and spun him around.
Iliff steadied himself and peered to the far end of the room where, in a large gold chair, sat a little man with a round head and a round body. Plates of food crowded the table before him. Piles of treasure and trophies filled the spaces around him. The man tossed a fat bone to one side and gulped from a jeweled goblet. He wiped his mouth with the lapel of his robe.
I found him sneaking
I know, I know, the man said, I was told. Go now! Leave me alone with him. Wait in the other room until I call for you.
The creature skulked away. The man turned to Iliff and squinted. He tilted his balding head to one side, then the other. Iliff stood there, an appeal to Adramina on the tip of his tongue.
Well, what have you to say for yourself? the man asked finally. Or cant the mouse speak?
I am not a mouse, Iliff said indignantly. Or a thief. I am a traveler who has lost his wayan easy thing to do in these confounding tunnels. I took a wrong turn and ended up here. Im sorry if I have in any way disturbed you or your work.
The round man sat up and narrowed his eyes. What do you know of my work?
Nothing, in fact, Iliff said. He sensed that he would have to tread carefully. It was only apparent to me that work was being done. I would of course be interested in learning more about what you doyou seem a learned and accomplished manbut I dont want to disturb you any more than I already have. And anyway, I have to get back to where I was going.
And where was that? The man settled back into the cushions of his throne.
Outside. To the world out there.
Out there? The round man burst into laughter. Good heavens! What would ever possess you to want to go out there? Its uncivilized, a wilderness. Out there? He waved his hand. Youd live like a savage.
Iliff felt his face becoming hot, but said nothing.
Well, the man said, you seem honest enough about what brought you here. But I cant go on your word entirely. Ill tell you what, you agree to work for me for thirty days, and Ill consider your trespass into my mine forgiven. Ill even reward you for your labor, give you something to start out on. What do you say?
Iliff was preparing to decline the offer when he caught the mans eyes flicking to either side of the room. Off to his right, Iliff heard something smack its lips. And then he could see them in his periphery.
I agree, Iliff said suddenly. I will work for you. But I expect to be treated well. And at thirty days I expect to be shown back to the tunnel where I was captured. And not a day later.
Yes, yes, the round man sang. Splendid!
He made a subtle gesture with his hand, and the creatures that had crept forward returned to the shadows along the walls. He called for the creature that had captured him and directed it to show Iliff to a guest room. The creature did not hoist him over its back this time. Instead, it turned and grumbled for him to follow.
And in this way Iliff found himself a prisoner once more.




Chapter 8


Iliffs room was not the dank cell he feared it would be. Nor was it where the other creatures were barracked, as he had also feared. It was a proper living space, small but comfortable. It held a bed, a lantern, rugs, shelves for his belongings, and a stout wooden door with a bolt on the inside. Given the days misfortunes, Iliff felt more than fortunate to be retiring to a bed in a secure roomand to be doing so in one piece.
As he settled beneath the covers, he thought of the root-lined passageways winding on in his absence. He thought of the thirty days to come. He hoped that the labor would not prove too trying or terrible. But more than anything, he hoped the term would pass quickly.
His head swam with weariness. He listened to his deepening breaths. Now his breaths were thick and hitching. No. Not his breaths. They were coming from beyond the door.
Iliff pressed himself up. Now what could that creature still want with him? He had assumed that upon showing him to the room, it had returned to whatever dark place it had come from. But there it remained, out in the passageway. Iliff listened, but could not tell that it was doing anything besides standing there. He remained vigilant for a time, but his weariness returned. Before long he was being carried into dreams of dark passages and still darker worlds.

* * *

The following morning Iliff was awakened by knocking. He turned up his lantern in time to see a tray of food being pushed beneath his door. The tray was full of meats, cooked eggs, and thick slices of bread. Iliff finished the meal, though it was heavier than what he was accustomed to. He had nearly finished the coffee when the door shook with more knocking.
Iliff opened the door to see the hewn chest of his captor. The creature stooped and tucked its chin. By its haggard look, Iliff guessed that it had stood sentry by his door all night.
The Boss wants that I should take you to your work now.
Of course, Iliff said. Give me a moment and Ill be right out.
Iliff dressed in his old prison attire. He had decided not to wear the clothes Adramina had packed for him until he completed his sentence. He had to prove himself worthy of them. He took the bundle of clothes from his bag and set it on the shelf. He hung the tinder pouch beside it.
All right, Iliff said, opening the door. Im yours.
The creature headed off through a series of tunnels, torch in hand. Iliff had to jog to keep up with it. At last they came to a lantern-lit room with a long workbench and a cart. The creature dragged out a stool for Iliff.
Youre to polish, it said. You know how?
Iliff did. He had cleaned and polished many trowel blades in the prison.
The creature pulled the tarp off the cart, exposing a hoard of gold cups and chalices. They were finely crafted but lacked the rich luster of the treasures in the round mans room. The creature seized a handful and set them on the workbench. It pointed to a drawer where Iliff found burnishing cloths and brushes and a stack of polish tins.
Iliff chose a cup from the pile and set to work, coating it in the white polish. Minutes later, when he had at last rubbed and brushed the cup clean, he could hardly believe its transformation. He held it up and turned it. The surface was so clear that the lanterns gleamed in a perfect ring around its outside. He brought the cup closer to admire the golds deep color.
Iliff had all but forgotten the creature when its grotesque head appeared in the cups reflection right behind his own. It plucked the cup away, looked it over, and then set it on the far end of the workbench.
Thats good, it grunted. Keep going.
The creature lumbered outside the room.
By midafternoon Iliff had worked through most of the cart. Handsome cups and chalices lined half of his workbench. He still regretted being captured, of course, but at least the work wasnt something dreadful. He wasnt being made to swing a giant pick-axe, or cart heavy stones, or hold a metal wedge while one of those creatures pounded on it. No, his work was quiet and safe. In fact, the more he polished, the more he found himself enjoying it.
He focused on the chalice he had just finished and imagined it on the shelf in his room. He imagined two of them there, then two more, and then rows and rows of them, solid and gleaming.
Iliff caught himself.
Youve already strayed from the path, he thought. If youre not careful, youll become like the ones Adramina warned you of. The ones who stop seeking.
With that, Iliff rubbed his thumb inside one of the tins of polish and pressed it to the side of the workbench. There, he thought. Thats one. When the prints numbered thirty, his obligation to the round man would be fulfilled. He would leave and rejoin his path.
Iliff finished the remaining pieces and called to the creature.

* * *

The next morning, and every morning that followed, Iliff returned with the creature to a fresh cartful of unpolished treasures. When the work was done, and he had wrapped the finished pieces in sacking and placed them back in the cart, Iliff would add another white print to the lengthening row on the side of the workbench.
He tried to see the gold cups and chalices as nothing more than the means to his release. He tried to contemplate the Sun, or what he imagined the Sun to be. But in his bed each night, he could think only of the pieces themselves, their deep luster and the weight of them in his hands.

* * *

On the day Iliff made his thirtieth print, the creature told him that he would be dining with the round man that evening. Iliff had neither seen nor heard from him since their first meeting and was beginning to worry that he had forgotten about their agreement. Now, as the creature led him up the steep stairs and past the two guarded doors, Iliff worried that he would try to change the terms of their agreement, or even deny his release outright. Iliffs pulse trembled as he walked the length of the gold carpet.
Well, hello there! the round man said from his large chair. Thin hairs ran over his pate in glistening lines. So very nice to see you again. Come, come, have a seat.
The table before him was crammed with meats, candles, and tall carafes of a dark-red drink.
Yes, sit, sit, theres a good lad, he said. How are you, my friend? I trust that you have been sleeping well, eating well, hmm? Excellent! You look well. Yes, yes, you look just lovely.
He poured the drink into Iliffs goblet until it nearly spilled over.
A toast, he said. To the polisher!
Iliff braced while the round man swung his goblet against his, splashing the table. The round man laughed. Iliff, who had never tasted wine, grimaced as the first sip bit into his tongue. Seeing this, the round man laughed even harder. He pushed slabs of meat onto Iliffs plate.
Eat, eat! he said. Its better with food.
Iliff did as he said. And, indeed, as the meal progressed, the less his palate protested. The wine even began to taste pleasant. He smiled and laughed with the round man, who, in the course of things, introduced himself as Euclid. It soon dawned on Iliff that Euclid was the first man he had met since the prison. He began to feel glad for his company, and by the fourth cup of wine, Iliff considered him, if not a friend, then a friendly companion. They ate and talked and drank late into the night.
At last Euclid called for two creatures from the side of the room to clear the table. But leave the wine, he ordered. The creatures did as they were told, carrying stacks of dripping plates and platters into a back room.
Trolls, Euclid said, looking after them. Stupid creatures, but stupidly loyal. Theyll work night and day for a simple trinket, however tainted. I tell you, theyll do anything for a bit of gold. He took a long drink from his goblet and sighed. My, how they love their gold.
Iliff thought of his own troll and how it continued to go with him wherever he went.
But where was I? Euclid said. Ah, yes, we were speaking of your journey a bit ago, to the world out there. Ive always wondered what possesses a person to want to go out there. Perhaps you can enlighten me, hmm?
The world out there Iliff smiled. Yes, that was where he was going. Tomorrow.
He decided to tell him about Salvatore, the Sun, his quest. It would feel so good, so good to share. And who knew? he thought. Maybe he could convince Euclid to come with him, to be a companion on his quest.
It all started withwith this old man...
Iliff wavered to his feet, surprised when the room began to spin. He laughed and held to his chair a moment before continuing. Euclid looked on with pinched eyes. But as the minutes passed, Iliff noticed his hosts attention drifting from his story. He began to finger a gold thread on one of his cushions. Iliff was just getting to the part about Salvatores escape when Euclid let out a long moaning sigh.
I cannot listen to any more of this nonsense, he said.
Nonsense?
Its superstition and its beneath us. Why, you sound like one of the trolls, with their silly fear of water demons and fire demons and blah, blah, blah. Tell me, what proof do you have of any of this? An old mans word is all?
Iliff opened his mouth but could get nothing past the sudden catch in his throat.
I see, Euclid said. Yet youre willing to rush headlong into a wilderness about which you have no knowledge and even less preparation. Bah! I curse the imbecile who filled your head with these tales. He should be flogged. Iliffs lips trembled. He felt for his chair and began to lower himself. Im not angry with you, my friend. Its just that youre clearly a young man of talents. Here now, give us a moment.
Euclid called to one of the trolls and in harsh whispers directed it to the pile of treasure against the near wall. The troll pulled out a gold chalice and set it on the table.
Iliff straightened. He looked from the chalice to Euclid.
Youve done exceptional work, he said. I promised to reward you for your labor and so I shall. Your term is complete. If you insist on leaving and going to the world out there, this will help you. It has considerable value, gold. What is it you desire? Food, lodging, protection? It will get you these and more. It will bolster alliances and divide your enemies. Build kingdoms and tear them down. Why, it has the power even to move water and earth. You didnt know this? Yes, a wonderful thing, gold.
Iliff moved the chalice to his lap.
If it is freedom you seek, gold is essential, he went on. If your way is ever up as you say, then why waste time wandering about when you can contract to have the tallest tower built? Or perhaps a machine that flies? I have heard of such things. Yes, your journey could be a cinch.
Iliff had not thought he would need anything more than what Adramina had given him, but now he wondered.
Euclid watched Iliff with cool eyes.
I have a proposal, he said suddenly. Continue to work for me, and I will continue to reward you in gold. What you have there is valuable, yes. But imagine the worth were it doubled, quadrupled, increased twenty or two-hundred fold, hmm? You would never have to worry or want for anything.
Iliff struggled to gather his thoughts, but he could not seem to hold them in one place for very long.
What what are your terms? He had to concentrate on each word.
Ah, yes, my terms, Euclid said. You would pledge to work three more months for me, just like you have this last month. That would get you another treasure. If you chose to continue, you would agree to six more months, whereupon your reward would be two more treasures. A year beyond that would earn you four more treasures. Do you see how this works? As your commitments double, so will your treasures. Two years for eight more treasures, fours years for sixteen more, and so on, and so forth.
His words slid and prodded.
I assure you, he continued, how long you remain and how much you accumulate is your decision and yours alone. But as you can see, my friend, the rewards are potentially infinite. He drew out this last word. You must only do good work and complete each term.
Iliff knew that he should take the night at least to consider the offer. But he was worried that Euclid might take back the offer, or forget that he had ever made it in the first place.
He looked at the chalice in his lap and imagined another beside it.
Yes, he heard himself saying. Three more months.
Very good, Euclid cried. Here, here, another toast. To the polisher, yes! And to eternal wealth! The two clashed their goblets together and drained them at once.
Iliff drew his sleeve across his mouth and laughed. Euclid craned his round head and hollered to the trolls to bring more wine.




Chapter 9


The next morning Iliff felt dreadful. It was as if the sanders from his former crew had worked through the night, scouring the inside of his head. He lit the lantern but kept it covered. His breakfast had arrived while he slept and was now cold, but it didnt matter; he had no appetite. He sipped the tepid coffee and tried to piece together the rest of the night.
There had been more wine, yes. And there was the jostling that must have been the troll carrying him back to his room. But how had he gotten into bed? And what had become of
The chalice!
He jumped up and jerked the cover from the lantern. He jabbed the light around the room. He found the chalice, at last, on the topmost shelf, safe. He lifted it down and turned it around a few times. He looked closely at its surface. Yes, just as solid and splendid as on the night before.
The troll must have put it there, he thought. Now there was a good fellow.
He set the chalice back on the shelf and turned it just so. His gaze fell to the shelf below, where the clothes Adramina had given him sat in a bundle. He looked at these and at the tinder pouch that hung beside it.
I havent forgotten you, he said. Just one more trophy. One more and our success will be that much more assured.
He put on his prison clothes and waited for the troll.

* * *

But Iliff did not stop with just one more trophy. When the three months ended, he chose to stay for another six months. Then at six months, and with two more trophies on his shelf, he decided to remain for another year and another four trophies. He then pledged two more years to Euclid.
The pattern was always the same. Near the end of each term, Euclid would invite Iliff to feast and drink with him. In celebration of the polisher, he would say. The best these mines have seen! And though Iliff would go with the intention of collecting his trophies and rejoining his quest, Euclid made it hard. He would tell him stories of gold, and the freedom it could buy, and the power it could wield, and how essential it was for anything he could ever want or need. By the end of the night, Iliff would find himself nodding his head and laughing and deciding that yes, yes, more was better, if he was going to have any real success out there.
The gold treasures, eight of them now, filled his shelves. There was the chalice, an ornate plate, a crown embedded with red and white jewels, a helmet and matching shield, a small gold chest, an urn, and a scepter. After rewarding Iliff with his second treasure, Euclid had bidden Iliff to select his own treasures from among the vast piles.
Go on, he said. Any ones you wish. Funny how certain ones call you to them, hmm?
But as Iliffs treasures multiplied, so too did his worries. Did others know about them? Desire them? What if he returned one day to find them all gone? What would become of his quest then?
Though Euclid had a second bolt put on Iliffs door at his request, and then a third, they did not seem enough. All day while he polished, Iliff thought of nothing but getting back to his room. But even when he was in his bed, his trophies safe on the shelf beside him, he worried over how better to guard them. The worries smoldered inside his chest and burned his face. They made it hard for him to breathe sometimes. And if he slept at all, the worries would needle him awake long before his breakfast arrived and the troll came for him.

* * *

One day close to the end of Iliffs two-year term, the troll was late in knocking. Iliff called through the door: Troll?for this is what he had taken to calling him. He had also decided that the creature was young and male, though he could not be entirely sure of either. He listened for Trolls breaths, but heard nothing. He slid out the bolts and peeked through the doorway. The tunnel stood dark and empty. Iliff could not remember a time since his arrival in the mines that Troll had not been near.
Where are you, you big sap? he cried. You know I like to get going early so I can get back here early.
By the time he saw torchlight approaching, his irritation had burst into red flames. He was preparing to let it fly when he heard wet snuffling. Now what could this be? he thought. When Troll rose into view above him, his head was lowered and turned away.

Is something the matter? Iliff asked.
Troll snuffled again but said nothing, which in itself did not surprise Iliff. He rarely spoke. But sorrow? He had never known Troll to show even the least sentiment. He had not believed his kind capable.
All right, then, Iliff said. Well, lets be off. Were late enough as it is.
Troll was silent on their journey, and Iliffs mind soon fell back into its own worries. He had just arrived at his work bench and begun to polish the first cup when he heard more snuffling from Troll. And then there erupted a series of what sounded like muffled cries. Iliff cast down his cloth and strode to the doorway. He would never get any work done if this kept up.
What are His voice faltered. Troll was squatting against the tunnel wall, his face pressed into the crook of one of his massive arms. Iliff moved nearer. He reached for Trolls shoulder, but hesitated and withdrew.
Is is there anything I can do for you? he asked.
No. Troll kept his face hidden. Go back to work.
Are you sure?
The tangle of black hair shook in a nod.
I wont tell anyone, if thats what youre afraid of. He waited for a response. Oh, come now! Weve been with the other for nearly four years. Theres barely been a moment, day or night, when you havent been but a few steps away. I even hear you breathing in my sleep. Surely you can trust me as Ive come to trust you. Now tell me, whatevers the matter?
Iliff waited longer this time. Well, if you dont want to talk, thats your business. But do try and keep it down.
Wait, came Trolls voice from behind him. Please wait.
Iliff turned to see Trolls damp face lift from his arm and tilt toward him. His eyes had never appeared to Iliff as anything more than structural depressions beneath a protruding brow, all space and shadow. But now, at the bottoms of those depressions, Iliff was amazed to see the light of the nearest lantern glisten off a pair of small yellow pupils. Troll blinked them repeatedly, and suddenly Iliff felt an intense sympathy for the creature.
Yes, Iliff said. Im here.
Just sit awhile with me. Troll scooted down to make space.
Iliff glanced back to the workbench where his first cup of the day sat half-polished.
It doesnt have to be for long.
Yes, Iliff said, all right.
Troll had grown since their first encounter, and when Iliff sat, his head only came as high as Trolls jutting ribs. For a long while neither spoke. Troll sniffed and jammed a knuckle into each eye. Slowly, his breathing calmed. He extended his legs until his feet pressed into the wall opposite them. Trolls toenails were as large as spades and appeared capable of gouging holes in the black stone were he only to flex them. At last Troll sighed.
Im miserable, he said.
We all get down. It will pass, whatever it is.
Troll shook his head. Its been with me a long time, this misery. Its the misery only a prisoner can know.
A prisoner? What do you mean? Are you not rewarded for your labors? Are you not accumulating wealth in gold? Iliff felt his face becoming hot. How can you call yourself a prisoner when there is splendor all about you?
Humph. Whats the splendor in bleeding and burning? In getting your bones crushed?
Whatever are you talking about?
You wouldnt understand. Troll flicked a large stone. The gold you know comes to you solid and tame. You dont see its rage in the pits below. It boils and burns and lashes out. It destroys almost anything it touches. The Boss makes us battle it with smashing boxes and fire and devil water. Things more awful, sometimes, than the gold. Troll drew a long, trembling breath. Almost every friend I had, its taken. Im all alone here now.
Iliff thought of the treasures in his room. He had always associated them with beauty and freedom. Never with the malevolence Troll described, never with destruction and death.
If what you say is true, why do you stay? he said. Why not leave this place once and for all.
I cant. The desire for gold is in me. Its in all trolls, or didnt you know? Its the curse of our kind. No matter how much it hurts us, we want it just the same. Its the end of every last sorry one of us. He looked at Iliff. I know this and cant do anything about it.
Iliff had heard enough. He pushed himself to his feet.
Take me to these places, he said. Right now. Take me to where the gold rages and destroys. I need to see for myself.
No, uh-uh, cant do it. Hed have me flayed.
Who? But Iliff already knew. He frowned in thought.
The cart, he said at last. You can hide me inside, its large enough. And there are spaces between the boards. Ill be able to see out. He stood before Troll. Please, I need to know. If what you say is true, then then I may well be as much a captive to the gold as you.
For several moments Troll sat grumbling. Finally, he pulled his legs in and stood.




Chapter 10


The journey was long and fraught. Too often, it seemed to Iliff, a troll would shout out and the cart would slow to a crawl. On one of these occasions he peered through a slit between the boards to find a gray leg just inches away. Whadya got in there? its owner asked, stalking beside them. Troll mumbled something Iliff could not make out. He prepared himself for the moment when the tarp would be torn away and the trophies clawed aside, exposing his hiding place. But this delay, like the others, was brief, and the cart soon lurched forward again.
Their way involved many turns. Familiar cracking and clanging rose around them and then fell away behind. When the cart stopped at long last, a series of taps sounded on its side.
Iliff pressed his eye to the slit. They were parked near the end of a dark tunnel that opened onto a torch-lit cavern. In the center of the cavern stood an enormous box-shaped machine, larger than anything Iliff had ever seen. At one end was a broad conveyor belt with rocks heaped along its length. A number of trolls lumbered around the machine, turning a wheel here, pulling a belt there. Some of them shouted and cursed.
Its never working
Blasted thing
Belongs in the trash heap
Iliff watched a large troll crawl from under the machine. It seized a giant crank and began turning it. The muscles in its arms and upper back stretched and bulged. After several moments, it roared, Fire! The other trolls repeated the command: Fire! Fire!
A troll pulled a torch from the wall and ran around to the other side of the machine. Seconds later, the box groaned and began to tremble. Blue-black smoke erupted from somewhere beneath it. Cogs churned and belts raced in circles. The conveyor belt hitched and halted, hitched and halted. Suddenly, the machine boomed and the belt leapt forward, driving the rocks into the mouth of the box. The box smashed and ground the rocks and shook and shook until Iliff was certain it would come apart.
A sudden scream scored the deafening air. Iliff looked to the conveyor belt. The troll that had started the machine with the crank was snagged there. The belt slowed and trembled as the troll struggled to free itself. But in the next moment, the belt wrenched the troll halfway inside the box. The troll clawed at the quaking rocks and seized the side of the machine.
Several trolls jumped onto the belt and pulled on their companion. Others jammed tools into the confusion of gears underneath. But the troll would not budge, and neither would the machine stop shaking. Iliff watched the belt inch forward, watched the trolls fingers slipping. And then the belt heaved everything inside.
Iliff squeezed his eyes closed and banged the inside of the cart with his elbow.
The cart wheeled in a half-circle and rolled away. Though they went swiftly, the sounds of smashing and screaming followed them for the longest time. Iliffs final image of the trolls anguished face stamped his memory like a press.
All for a bit of gold, he thought.
He hoped Troll was returning now. He had seen enough. But the feel of the ground beneath the wheels was different than in their coming. Soon the air turned acrid; it stung and seared. Iliff pressed his shirt sleeve to his face and took small breaths through the stiff fabric. After a time, the cart stopped again and Troll tapped its side.
They were at the end of another dark tunnel. This one emerged onto the top of a terraced room that descended into a swirling red fog. Torches hissed and sputtered.
Trolls labored on every level. The ones nearest them shoveled ground gold from large carts into frothing vats on the topmost terrace. More trolls stirred the vats with giant ladles. They scooped up gold sludge and poured it, thick and dripping, into vats on the terrace below. This went on and on. Barely visible, far away on the bottom-most terrace, a group of trolls gathered the gold and dumped it into wheeled carts.
From inside the fog came waves of splashing and coughing. Black phlegm swung in thick ropes from the trolls lips and nostrils. Fresh burns wept over old scars. Now and again a tortured cry pierced the red fog. Iliff shuddered, not knowing which was worseto be smashed by that dreadful machine or consumed by these corrosive vapors. He knocked his elbow against the inside of the cart.
And all for a bit of gold, he thought.
The cart backed away. After a time, they began along what felt like a new tunnel, one that went down a slight grade. Streaming air cleared the cart of the vapors, but the air was warm, too warm, and soon Iliffs hair was sticking to his brow. A sound rushed toward them, like roaring water, and the gaps between the boards swelled with light. Iliff shook his head. He did not want to see any more, did not want to hear any more. He only wanted to go back.
Iliff called out and elbowed the inside of the cart, but the roaring crashed over them, drowning his small sounds. The air caught fire. Sweat sprang from Iliffs body, soaking his clothes. He was on the verge of tunneling up through the scalding trophies when the cart pulled to a stop. Troll knocked on its side.
When Iliff peered out, the heat blasted his eyes. His first impression was of a fuming, flaming entity that filled the cavern below. It appeared at first to be orange, then yellow, and then an intense white. But the white light did not pacify or inspire joy. No, the light belonged to something terrible. The silhouettes of trollsattendants or victims of the entity, Iliff could not tellflitted before it and around it and seemed to disappear inside of it. Beneath its roar was much screaming.
Iliff wiped his eyes. When he looked again, the entity was a gigantic furnace, round and burning.
Hundreds of trolls swarmed over it. Some poured gold sludge into openings from atop tall, teetering scaffolding. Others wrestled large spigots near its base, from which gold gushed, bright and blinding. Still others propped up a mad lattice-work of troughs where the gold lashed and ran.
Farther along, trolls tried to capture the gold in mold casings. Those who misjudged were burned. Iliff cringed as two of them disappeared beneath a wave of molten gold. The trolls that succeeded ran to a steaming reservoir on the other end of the cavern and immersed their casings. When they pulled their arms from the bubbling waters, Iliff was stunned to see them holding the unfinished pieces that had become so familiar to him. The pieces that crowded around him now.
Iliff looked back at the furnace. It roared and bent the air. The sharp openings near its top became like eyes that searched deep inside the hidden space where he crouched. All his worries of the last four years roiled and boiled up inside of him. He clutched his chest and gasped for air.
Troll! he cried when he could. Get us away from this place!
He did not think Troll had heard him. But in the next moment, the cart began to rattle backward. After several lengths, it turned and headed back up the tunnel. Iliff closed his eyes and rested his head against the front of the cart, where the air was already cooling.
But the furnace was not done with them. It roared and blasted from behind. On the heels of its roar came many screams.
Theyre coming! Troll cried.
The cart leapt forward. It sped straight for a time and then jerked through a series of turns. At each one, Iliff was certain the cart was going to topple. He braced his arm against the boards before him. The trophies shook and banged. At various points they leaned into him with their collective weight or else backed away for an instant before striking him all at once. Iliff was becoming faint. He tried to focus on Trolls thudding footfalls.
Iliff was still holding to them when, some untold time later, the footfalls slowed. Iliff peered through the slit and could hardly believe the image of the small, quiet room where he worked. The workbench rose before him. The tarp whipped away and Troll grasped him beneath his arms and lifted him out. Cool air washed over him. He wobbled to the bench and collapsed onto the stool. For several minutes he just sat and stared.
That was close, Troll said. Those are the worst of our kind. Theres no telling what they wouldve done if they caught us.
Iliff only half heard Troll. He was looking at the chalice he had begun to polish that morning. It was just as he had left it, but now he saw in it no beauty, not even where the polish had been rubbed away and the gold shone through. His gaze fell to the side of the workbench where his white thumbprints went across and down in a doomed march.
There were nearly fifteen hundred of them.
Iliff gripped the sides of his head. What have you done? He closed his eyes and forced himself to remember his questnot how many treasures he would need to get therebut the objective itself. The Sun. How long had it been since hed thought only of the Sun? he wondered. Years?
Then, as if on a whisper, something familiar stirred inside. It was the old mans chuckle. It was Adraminas lips on his cheek. It was the feeling that he belonged somewhere, and that it was not here.
He rose and faced Troll.
My term is up soon, he said. And this time I will be leaving, no matter what Euclid says. I thank you for showing me the horrors of this place. There is a hunger here that knows no fill. He pushed the chalice away from them. Its this hunger that makes us miserable.
Troll groaned and balled his hair inside his fists.
What is it? Iliff asked. Whats the matter?
If you leave, therell be no one for me to shadow, Troll said. Ill be sent back to the mines. Oror cast into the pits.
Iliff frowned. The lust for gold was in the creatures nature. But how could he condemn him to remain in such a place? How could he condemn him after Troll had guarded and watched over him these years? After he had just risked himself to reveal the violent heart of this place? In a flash, Iliff recalled all of the horrible things he had seen. There was no mercy here.
Then I'll take you with me, he said.




Chapter 11


During his remaining days, Iliff prepared for his departure from the mines with more anticipation than he had felt in a long time. He saved the food from his meals that he thought would keepbread mostlyand told Troll to do the same. After much deliberation, he packed the treasures as well, wrapping and storing them in a sack that Troll had found. He would take them along just to be safe, he thought, in case they were worth something. Troll would be along to carry them, besides.
As the time for their departure drew nearer, Iliff noticed his companion becoming increasingly anxious. He paced around the workbench while Iliff polished, and up and down the corridor while he slept.
Hell know I took you into the mines, Troll said one day.
Who, Euclid? No, he wont. How would he?
Hell know, hell just know.
Nonsense.
Even if he doesnt, hell never release me. Troll stopped pacing long enough to face Iliff. Hes never released any of us.
You let me worry about that. But Iliff worried that Troll might be right.
On the afternoon of his final day, before what was to be his last dinner with Euclid, Iliff pulled Salvatores bag from under his bed and shook the dust from it. Had it really been two years since hed stowed it there to make room on the shelves for his treasures? He laid out its contents on the coverlet. There were the clothes from Adramina, as fresh and fragrant as the day she had bundled them, the trowel, matches and candles, the water skin, the tinder pouch.
As he looked over the modest store, he reminded himself that Salvatore had set out with little more, and probably less.
He stepped out of his prison clothes and placed them on one of the bare shelves. After a long bath that turned the basin water gray, he dressed in the clothes from Adramina. They were durable but lightnothing like the coarseness of his prison uniform. He pulled on the boots and felt them mold to his feet. He pushed his head through the burgundy cloak. When at last he straightened, it felt like the first time he had done so in years.
Iliff pulled the sack of treasures to the foot of the bed, set Salvatores bag beside it, and waited for Troll to knock on the door for the final time.

* * *

Oh my! Euclid looked him over. What have we here, hmm? It appears the mouse has turned into a prince.
Iliff sat and unfolded the gold napkin and placed it over his lap. Thank you for your invitation.
And it is a pleasure to have you, my friend. It has been a long timelets see, two years, no? Goodness me! And I trust that everything is still to your satisfaction, hmm? I can tell you that your work is as superb as ever. Yes, yes, you have the gift for making gold shine. His face brightened. A toast!
No. Thank you. Iliff moved a hand over his goblet.
Euclids eyes hardened above his smile.
No wine, Iliff said.
Very well. Euclid lowered the carafe. Then I shall drink a toast for us both. To the polisher. The polisher who has become so wealthy that he no longer deigns to share a toast with his benefactor.
Im sorry. Ive no thirst for it tonight.
While Euclid drank, Iliff looked over the table. It was more crowded than ever, or maybe it just seemed that way. He cut a piece of bread from a dark loaf and sprinkled a bit of oil over it.
Whats this? Euclid said. Surely you havent come here just to eat bread? No, no, I wont stand for it, not at my table. He seized up a platter of red meat. Pink juices splashed onto the table and dribbled down Euclids arm. My plates are large and they are meant to be filled. Here!
Iliff drew away his plate. Euclid found another and forked several slices of the meat onto it and pushed the plate in front of Iliff. For when you decide that you are hungry again, he said. One cannot subsist on bread alone.
Euclid filled his own plate and ate loudly, his bites as emphatic as his reproachful glances.
Im curious, he said at length. He gestured with his knife. Wherever did you get that outlandish attire? It hardly suits your work here.
Iliff cleared his throat. I want to thank you for your hospitality these past years. For keeping your word. You have treated me decently, just as you promised. Iliff kneaded the napkin on his lap and fought to keep his voice from shaking. I have decided to continue on my way, though. I will be leaving at the end of our meal.
Darkness gathered over Euclids face, but only for a moment. He broke into a low chuckle.
You make it all sound so dramatic, he said. He pushed a forkful of food into his mouth. Listen to me, my friend. I did not want to make much of this beforeyou seemed so young and earnest. But you are older now and must bear a little truth. He spoke around his bites. There is nothing out there. Do you hear me? Nothing. No world. No Sun. The only thing you will find is desolation and death. Why do you think I have remained here all this time? Why, everything one could ever wish for is here, in these mines.
I trust that you believe this, Iliff said. But I must see the world out there for myself. Perhaps I will see it the same way as you. Perhaps not. But my decision is made.
I see...
Euclid poked the meat on his plate. He had become heavier since their last meeting and the flesh of his brow now crowded the verges of his eyes. For a moment the effect made him appear lost and sad.
I see, he said again. The length of the term is causing you concern. We can fix that. After all, four years is a long while to wait. Even for sixteen treasures. He pressed Iliff with his corpulent gaze.
I have a proposal. It is not one I usually make, mind you, but in your case I will make an exception, for you are very special and I feel responsible for your development. I propose that we start fresh. He cut his hand across the space between them. Well begin at three months and one treasure again. You can use the time to consider your choice. If you decide to remain, or perhaps need more time, well proceed to six months and two treasureswait, wait, dont shake your headlet me finish. Once your commitments reach one year, and every year thereafter, I will reward you with additional treasures. Consider them bonuses. I will also provide you a larger room for your hoard and another troll to guard it, or two more if you insist. What do you say, hmm?
I appreciate your offer. But my decision is made.
Is it? Euclid said. I have named my terms and apparently come up short. How about you name yours? Its only fair. Go on, I might surprise you with what Im willing to agree to. My decision is made. Ha! It is my experience that all decisions are final until met by more favorable terms. Go on, name yours.
Iliff shook his head. Ive acquired quite enough here.
Go on, he cried. Ask for the trolls in my charge, ask for the treasures in my room. Ask for a stake in the mines. Ask for it all! He narrowed his eyes. I know your hearts desires.
My only desire is to be on my way again. He hesitated. Toto seek the Sun.
Oh yes, the Sun. Euclid spoke in a sing-song voice. Let me ask you something. If there really was such a thing, where has it been these past years? Where was it when I was feeding and sheltering you, giving you honest work, growing your wealth? Well? Where was it when I was protecting you? Do you believe you would have survived in here for a minute without my patronage? The trolls would have eaten you alive. He glowered from his chair. Here I have given you life and all that might be hoped for, and you cast it off as though it were some trifling thing, a detour in your wanderings to nowhere, to destitution and ruin. Fool!
Iliff squeezed the damp napkin inside his fist. He could stand the mans derisions no longer.
See here! he said. Never have I denied your patronage. I recognized it. And in exchange I have given in time and faithful service, as was our agreement. I owe you nothing more. He paused long enough to smooth the napkin over his lap again. As for the Sun, I stopped seeking it. Thats exactly why I must leave now and begin my search anew.
But why the sudden change? Euclid squinted at him. Have you seen something? Heard something?
Iliff wanted to expose the mans deception, to make him answer for the horrors of this place. But there was Troll to consider.
No, Iliff said.
Euclid scowled and poured himself more wine. He drew a dagger from a gold scabbard at his belt. Between sips he held it to the candle light and turned the slender blade. Though Iliff kept his face composed, he slipped his right leg around the side of his chair. Euclids eyes flicked toward him, their sudden intensity like the sharp openings of the furnace. But he sighed at last and returned the dagger to its scabbard.
Trolls! he called.
Four large trolls lumbered from the sides of the room and stood on either side of the gold chair. Euclid whispered to them at length. Their grotesque heads turned to Iliff, then back to Euclid.
Iliff knew that if he did not act now, he would not have another chance.
If this is about the eight treasures owed to me, he called, I have a proposal. He spoke with as much authority as he could muster.
Euclid stopped whispering and looked up.
I would like to exchange them for the troll who has watched over me during my time here, Iliff said. I want him to come with me.
Whatever for?
To carry my treasures, Iliff replied. And to act as my protector in the world out there.
Euclids face clenched as though preparing to spew forth the unspeakable. But just as he was opening his mouth, his expression changed. It relaxed, easing back into the fleshy folds of his neck.
An interesting proposal, he said at length. He set his chin on his thumb and forefinger. To carry his treasures act as his protector yes, yes, an interesting proposal indeed. Hmm, though being among the largest and smartest of my trolls, he is perhaps worth more than eight treasures, but wait a moment now, lets see.
He mumbled to himself some more, squinted beyond Iliff. At last he signaled for the trolls to withdraw.
All right, he said. I will grant your request. In exchange for the eight treasures owed you, I give over the services of my troll.
Iliff fumbled for his words. II thank you, that is He felt like someone who had been putting his shoulder to a door only to have it open suddenly.
Euclid held up a stubby finger. But
Iliff stopped and stiffened.
should you discover that the world out there is other than you believe, should you see that it is indeed as barren and hostile as I have told you, then you will return to me. I will look after you, of course, reward you as before, but the opportunity to leave will be forever shut. His eyes became hard. Are we agreed?
Iliff breathed again. There was no chance of his returning.
I agree, he said.
Good, very good. Euclid smiled. Since you have lost your thirst for wine, I cannot offer a toast. Perhaps you will accept my handshake? Very good. I apologize for my outburst earlier, Im afraid I have a bit of a temper. But lets not dwell on the unpleasant things. He stood. You have a gift, my friend. Indeed, my gold has never shone so well. It is my sincerest hope that you will return one day.
He gave Iliffs hand a hard final squeeze. In the meantime, may my troll safeguard your treasures and keep you well.
Thank you. Iliff said. And farewell.
Iliff gathered his cloak and walked the length of the gold rug. He was nearly to the door, nearly free of that awful place, when from behind him he heard Euclid snapping his fingers, as if he were just remembering something.
Oh, the troll! Do send it in for a moment. I wish to explain our transaction. It has been in my service its entire life, after all.
Yes, Iliff said. Of course.
Iliff waited in the anteroom with the bags. As time passed, he became more and more apprehensive. Perhaps Troll had been right, he thought. Perhaps Euclid did know about their trip into the mines. Was he interrogating Troll at that moment? Having him punished?
At last his companion emerged. His stony face betrayed nothing.
Its done, he said. Im yours.




Chapter 12


Troll led the way with a torch. Their route was roundabout, going through an old and little-used section of the mine. It was what Iliff had wanted in order to avoid run-ins with the other trolls, as well as to keep Euclid from guessing at their routein case he changed his mind.
Iliff and Troll walked through crumbling sections of tunnel. Torch brackets, dismembered tools, broken wheels, and collapsed scaffolding littered the way. They eventually came to a place where the tunnel had fallen in completely. A pile of large stones blocked the way, causing Iliff to throw his arms up.
Please tell me theres a way around.
Troll set down the sack of treasures and looked over the cave-in. Here, he said, handing the torch to Iliff. Stand back.
Troll set his legs and began pulling boulders from the obstructing pile. He dropped some to the side and rolled others down the tunnel they had come up by. Iliff listened to them grind and echo off into the darkness. He had known Troll was powerful but had seen nothing like this. Iliff found a perch on the tunnel wall and watched his companion work, watched his fingers bite into stone and the muscles swell from his body like giant ropes. In the last days Iliff had worried that Troll would hinder his journey. Now he could only chuckle and shake his head.
Before long, the way was clear. They came to other collapses, some minor, some calamitous, but Troll cleared them all.
They had just worked their way past another cave-in when Troll stopped suddenly and raised his head. Iliff stopped right behind and peered to either side. Troll eased forward, craning his neck, sniffing the air. Iliffs pulse quickened.
What is it? he whispered.
Troll said nothing. He was stooped near the side of the tunnel now, still sniffing. At last he lifted something that had been leaning there: a pick-axe. Iliff looked around them. In front of Troll was a cart. Beyond him, a fallen torch.
Of course! Iliff called out. This is it!
For indeed, it was the very place Troll had snatched Iliff up those years ago and carried him screaming into the mines. And here they were again, Iliff thought, except now he was carrying Troll out, in a manner of speaking.
Troll sifted through a pile of rubble, as if out of old habit, then straightened himself. He grunted and turned to Iliff.
Iliff pointed to the bend in the tunnel. This was the way I came, if you remember. I spilled candle wax to mark the way back, but that was almost four years ago. I fear its all covered over now.
Give me a candle.
Iliff searched through his bag and handed one to Troll, who lifted it to his nose, sniffed, and then handed it back. He bent forward until his face was nearly to the floor and went ahead in this manner, sniffing and snuffing. When they reached a junction, he probed each passage.
Here, Troll called.
Iliff came up beside him and lowered the torch. Troll blew the debris from the stone floor, and there they were: three hard splotches.
Very good, Iliff cried, clapping Troll on the back.
Trolls sense of smell did not fail from there. Splotches led to more splotches and on and up they went. Soon, the stone broke apart and gave way to hard earth. Iliff had nearly forgotten the look and feel of it.
Then there was another sight Iliff had nearly forgotten: soft light.
He ran ahead to where the light warmed the mouth of the tunnel. He emerged into the junction and leapt onto the stone where he had taken his lunch that day, as if it were an old friend. When he jumped down, he was in his old passageway, the one he had nearly forsaken. The roots were even fuller and more plentiful than he remembered. He drove his hands into their tangle and pressed his cheek against them, all the while vowing to never stray from the path again.
Moments later Troll emerged and stepped past the stone. He peered up and down the passageway, then retreated a step. He glanced back to the tunnel.
Dont worry, Iliff said. Your eyes need time to adjust. Theyve known nothing but darkness and fire until now. Here, lets snuff out the torch. Well go slowly.
They followed the tunnel for a long time, Iliff leading the way. The tunnel wound and climbed and opened into more tunnels, but there was never a doubt as to the correct course. The light became ever clearer, the roots ever larger. At last they came to a long, steep section where the roots jumped and coursed into one another, and the far end glowed with the clearest light yet.
Iliff looked back. Troll had fallen behind. He was stooped over, one hand to his eyes, the other clutching the sack of treasures. Iliff glanced ahead and then back to his companion.
Take your time, he called. Im going to see whats ahead.
Troll waved his hand and Iliff scrambled up the incline. His heart raced as he peered toward the light. He pulled on the roots until he reached the top. There he stood in confusion.
Just ahead, the way forked into two tunnels, but so too did the roots. He peered down each one. He tried to decide if there was more light in one than the other, tried counting the roots running along the walls in each. But except for their divergent courses, the tunnels appeared exactly the same.
Iliff looked at Troll who was just beginning the steep ascent.
The path splits from here, he called down. Im going to take the right one, you take the left. Well call to the other if we see a way out.
Wait
But Iliff was already inside the rightmost tunnel, already running around its gradual leftward bend. His bag slapped his back with every stride. Soon the tunnel straightened and Iliff slowed, then stared. An opening gaped before him. Roots swarmed the edges through which the light entered. It was the cleanest, most extraordinary light Iliff had ever seen.
He started to laugh and then stopped, for something was streaming past him, something he could not see. It cooled his face and lifted the cloak from around his legs and made it flutter.




Chapter 13


Iliff stepped through the draft and into the dull glare of a landscape that immediately overwhelmed him. His first instinct was to withdraw into the tunnel, where there was solidness all around and the ways were finite. Instead, he drew the verge of his cloak to his brow and cast his gaze downward.
His boots were set among knotted roots on the side of an embankment. The bank sloped through a tangle of undergrowth to a vast carpet of ferns that lifted and fell in gentle swells, giving rise to what looked like many pillars. Some of them were slender and pale, others bold and powerful. He held his cloak to his brow and craned his neck and inhaled sharply, for in the course of their ascent, the pillars branched and opened into a flowering understory of many colors. Bright whites and yellows, pinks and violets: colors he had never seen. The colors were reminiscent of the doors of Adraminas dwelling. Nothing like the slate of the prison or the grit and dark of the mines. He blinked, for it hurt to look for very long.
Above the flowering branches, the trees climbed higher still. Iliff leaned his head back and back until his cloak fell from his brow. The highest branches spread and overlapped into a faraway dome of rustling green, like many waving hands. They mirrored the ferns below and, like the ferns, stretched away as far as he could see.
Iliff became dizzy; the dome wheeled into a slow spin. He reached for the root beside him and held to it. For a moment he was not sure if he would be able to venture out there. This world seemed too vast, too variedtoo much. He feared that if he stepped outside, it would swallow him. The thought quickened his breathing. He closed his eyes but did not retreat.
He counted slowly to three, then opened his eyes and stepped over the roots. When his boot crushed the leaf litter, it was as if a spell were broken. The forest came to life. The undergrowth rustled and scattered. Small bushy-haired creatures sprang to the sides of trees where they watched him with small black eyes, their tails switching. Iliff stared back in amazement. Their arrival on the trees set the bark in motion, as if water were trickling up and down its length. Iliff soon realized it was not water but the scramblings of sleek little creatures that, in their prior stillness, had blended invisibly with the colors of the trees.
Something moved in Iliffs periphery and he turned in time to catch the flash of a birds flight. Another followed close behind, and soon they were coloring the air all around him. The birds swept into the trees, where they dipped and fluttered between branches and broke into fine song.
Iliff stood watching all of this, and for the first time in a long while he allowed a smile to break forth. A real smile. One that lightened his bearing and elevated his spirits. It arose from the movement and the songs around him, yes, but also from his realization that if such small creatures could thrive out here, so could he.
He picked his way down toward the forest floor. With each step came chirps and trills, bursts of humming, rapid chatter, ever more intricate songs. The novel sounds startled and delighted him.
Iliff waded into the ferns. The air of the forest floor was fresh and cool. He imagined it swimming inside him, breaking up the smoke and blackness of the mines. He leaned back and breathed it in. The world around him still felt enormousmore than anything he had imagined or could have imaginedbut now he could see its beneficence. For everywhere he looked there was life, beautiful life. He ran his hand over the tree beside him, felt the homely shag of green-gray moss that covered one side. Even this is living, he thought. Even this is beautiful.
He suddenly remembered Troll and wheeled around to the steep embankment. He was preparing to climb back up to the opening when he observed the deep shadow of another opening in the bank, away off to his right. There, crouching just inside a swarm of roots, was the stony image of his companion.
Hullo! Iliff called.
Troll stuck his head forward, but as soon as the light touched his brow, he howled and shrank back inside the tunnel.
I cant bear it!
Close your eyes! Follow my voice!
Troll wrinkled his face and set a foot out into the undergrowth. One hand hid his eyes while the other clung to the sack of treasures. He emerged in a low stoop.
Here! Iliff called.
Troll directed himself toward Iliff. Troll did not seem quite as large or powerful here, where the landscape was vast and trees towered above his head. His skin appeared paler than it had in the shadows of the mines, his coils of hair much darker.
Here here here!
Troll plodded and stumbled down the bank. Iliff could not help but feel sorry for him. He met his companion as he stepped onto the forest floor, his chiseled feet sinking deep into the soil.
Were here, Iliff said. Were out, at last.
What good is being out if it means going blind? Troll fanned his fingers from his eyes, then cursed and closed them. Is this how Im to go? Always with one hand to my blasted eyes?
I told you, they just need time to adjust. No more than a few days, I imagine.
Troll frowned. Iliff laughed and patted his broad flank. Dont worry, he said. Ill guide you in the meantime.
The Boss said wed die out here.
Is that what he told you? Iliffs smile tightened. Well, he also said this place was a wasteland. But as I look about, I see nothing but life. Why, the very space we stand in teems with it. Yes, I know you cant see, but open your ears for a moment and listen. There! Do you hear that song? Do you hear the way it rises? And just over there, listen, its being answered. And with even more joy. Do you call this place a wasteland? Do you consider that song a herald of death?
Troll hunched his shoulders.
What would you have us do? Iliff demanded. Go back to the mines where death is certain?
Troll grumbled, but said nothing.
Here, Iliff said. Why dont we sit and rest, have a bite to eat. Weve walked a good bit.
Iliff found a pair of fallen trees whose crook was dim with shade. Iliff pulled out water and some bread wrapped in cloth and offered them to Troll. Troll shook the bread into his gaping mouth. He squeezed the skin until it was nearly empty.
Go slow! Iliff pulled the skin down. Weve only so much.
Humph. At least we could count on being fed back there.
Were in the domain of the Sun now and were Seekers after it. The Sun will provide for us.
Troll grumbled again.
Iliff turned from his companion. For a long time he just looked around, not quite believing that they had made it out. He leaned back and squinted into the high canopy. He tried to see through the gaps in the sweeping leaves, but there was only a gray field beyond, plain and still. He had just told his companion the Sun would provide for them, but now he wondered. After all, he had been away from the path a long time. Perhaps too long.
As he sat considering these things, the shade of their space trickled forward and spread over the forest floor. The songs of the birds thinned to solitary chirps and the world became overcast. When Iliff looked over at Troll, he found his hand hovering just below his eyes.
I can see a bit now.
Hmm nightfall, Iliff said. Adramina told me of this. Come, lets get a fire going.
Troll stayed close as Iliff went about gathering wood. The creature peered here and there at the dimming world emerging around him. He sniffed the plants and the branches of trees and, when he got up enough nerve, prodded them with his club-like fingers. By the time darkness fell, and the fire was good and going, Troll seemed more at ease. He set an elbow into the ferns and lowered himself onto his side. He blew at a small white flower in front of him, making it bob back and forth.
Whats the Sun? he asked at length.
Iliff had never spoken to Troll of the Sun, at least not at any length. He did not think Troll would understand; after all, there was still much he himself did not understand.
Its where were going, he said.
Is it another mine?
No, its not a mine. In fact, where we are going is very high.
Are we going to a person?
I dont think so. Or if so, its a very great person.
Greater than the Boss?
The Boss? Iliff laughed. Do you consider him great? To me he looks small and round.
Trolls mouth quivered as if he wanted to smile. Why are we going there? he asked.
Iliff thought for a moment. He thought back to the old mans story, to what Adramina had told him. He considered his own feelings.
Its where we are from, he said at last. And we will not know peace until
Not me, Troll interrupted. I dont come from any very high place. Trolls are from the mines, from the dark places. Then a distressing thought seemed to occur to him. His brow bent and folded. Is there a lot of light in the very high place?
Iliff nodded. I think so.
Trolls dont do well in the light.
Did Euclid tell you this?
No. Trolls did. The older ones.
Well, if its any comfort, Ive been in a dark place too. For as long as I can remember. I was a prisoner before I came to the mines.
Troll raised his head.
But I dont believe I was always a prisoner. No, Im sure that I was somewhere else before I was there. He turned to Troll. How do you know you were always in the mines? Think for a moment. You became miserable in the mines, just as I became miserable in the prison. We wanted to be somewhere else. But how could we want to be somewhere else unless wed known somewhere else?
But why does it have to be the very high place with the light?
Iliff laughed and pulled his cloak around him. Much has happened today, and Im afraid its caught up with me. I wont be able to think about getting anyplace at all without some sleep. Well talk more in the morning. Well plan our course.
Troll stood and stretched. You rest. Ill nose about and try to find us some food.
Troll hid the sack of treasures inside a nest of undergrowth and stepped over one of the logs. Iliff rested his head on his bag and watched his companion merge into the deep shadows beyond the firelight. He listened to his crunching, crackling footfalls, first over here and then over there, but never far away.
Iliffs final, fading thought was that he was very glad to have Troll with him.




Chapter 14


When Iliff awoke, it was still dark, though parts of the canopy were beginning to separate from the graying sky. The fire had gone to ashes. Cold dew dampened the ground around him, but the cloak kept him warm.
He sat up and looked about. The sack of treasures was still in the brush, but Troll was nowhere to be seen. Nothing stirred.
Something crashed off to Iliffs right, startling him. A deep exclamation followed. Moments later, Troll leapt over the fallen tree with something large and hairy clutched at arms length. The animal writhed and hissed and snapped its pointed snout. Troll looked from the animal to Iliff and laughed a stone-filled laugh. Iliff had never heard him laugh before.
Been hunting it the better part of the night. Trolls panted breaths fogged the air. Almost got away from me there at the end. Had to
The animal kicked and twisted from Trolls grasp; it dropped onto all fours and dashed beneath one of the logs. Troll made a move to go after it, but then cursed and landed on the ground beside Iliff. They listened to it scamper off through the brush.
Shouldve twisted its sorry neck when I had the chance, he muttered. He turned to Iliff then and seemed to brighten a bit. You were right, he said. This place is full of life, and even more at night. But I didnt do very good at finding food, Im afraid.
Troll turned out the front pocket of his trousers, and a number of foul-smelling things spilled to the ground. Troll raked them into a pile with his fingers. In the dimness, Iliff could just make out the loathsome creatures, some with scales, some with hair and many legs, some with leather wingsall with their heads crushed.
I found em beneath the fallen trees, he said. Caught em by surprise. Its not much, but its breakfast anyway.
Iliff watched one of the creatures flex a leg. Oh well, theres still a bit of bread left, he said. Ill have that. You go ahead.
Troll shrugged and threw the creatures into his mouth. He crunched them up and swallowed them down.
Humph. That barely makes a dent, he said. Were going to have to do a lot better if we hope to make it out here.
While Troll sniffed around their camp, Iliff climbed onto one of the logs and surveyed the landscape. If only there were roots to follow out here, he thought. The forest looked more or less the same in all directions, but the floor ahead of him seemed to be rising, if only slightly.
That would be their course.

* * *

Their pace was good that morning. They followed the gentle upslope of the forest, all the while peering about, assimilating more and more of the new world into their sharpening senses. Iliff continued to marvel over the trees, their expansive height and reach, while Troll seemed more intrigued by the low shrubs that tickled past his legs.
Soon gray light began to filter through the canopy, causing Troll to groan and shield his eyes. Iliff guessed they had walked several miles. He found a place where the shadows were dense and Troll could sit to wait out the day. Troll tucked the treasures beneath his knees and buried his head in his arms.
The skins empty, Iliff said. Im going to look for water and hopefully find us some food.
Iliff searched a good distance in each direction, guiding himself by Trolls rumbling snores, but he had no luck finding water. He spent the rest of the morning combing through the plants nearby. He sampled leaves, flowers, and several roots, but none of them tasted like food. Some tasted as if they might make him sick, and he spit these out before swallowing them.
As the dampness and coolness of night slipped from the forest, the small creatures emerged again. Iliff watched a couple of the bushy-haired ones scurry along a tree branch. At length, one of them plucked a green nut from among the leaves and sat on its hind legs to eat it. Aha! thought Iliff. He scaled the tree, which sent the creatures skittering, and gathered a handful of the green nuts. But when he ground one between his teeth, a terrible bitterness broke over his tongue and set it writhing. He spat out the nut and then spat some more until the worst of the taste went with it.
Id have been better off partaking of Trolls breakfast, he thought.
He climbed a neighboring tree, where birds sang and fluttered and the air was fragrant, and discovered small bunches of pale berries. He nibbled one and waited. There was the barest trace of sweetness. He went from tree to tree gathering as many of the berries as he could, and by late afternoon both of his pockets were filled to bulging.
As Iliff prepared to descend, he heard footfallstoo sharp to be Trolls. He peeked from behind a branch and was surprised to see a large animal walking on all fours. It was long and muscular, its hair glossy brown with a ruffle of white down at its chest. The animal wore a broad set of antlers that branched upward and outward like a pair of hands, except that the ends were pointed and looked very sharp. Iliff clung to the tree as the animal continued to approach. When it was nearly beneath him, it stopped and looked up. Iliffs eyes widened but the animals remained dark and calm, as if it knew all along that he was there.
Greetings. The voice was masculine and commanding.
Um, greetings.
I was told of your arrival. My name is Stag. I am a Keeper of this forest.
Iliff thought it poor manners to talk with so noble-looking a creature from up in a tree. He leapt down and gained his feet. Stag was even more imposing when viewed from the ground, though Iliff sensed that he had not come to harm him.
Now then, I am Iliff. He started to extend his hand, but caught himself.
And what is your business in the forest, Iliff?
I am on a quest to find the Sun.
Stag looked at Iliff for a considerable while. His eyes remained calm and inscrutable.
I see you speak the truth, he said at last. And so you are welcome here. There is no place for untruths in the forest. Untruths are eventually called into account, and often harshly. In the forest everything is laid bare, sooner or later.
Iliff considered this.
And your large companion?
Oh, Troll. Hes not here at the moment. He doesnt do well in the light. In fact, hes sleeping as we speak.
A troll, you say? Stag furrowed his brow. We havent had trolls in this forest for a long time. No, they were driven out ages ago.
You know about them?
Yes, the stories tell us that they were large and voracious. They hunted anything and everything and consumed to no end. All the forest was their prey, but they gave back nothing of themselves. They consumed but never were consumed. Not even the turning of seasons could fell them, for they lived forever, it is said. Over time they upset the harmony of the forest. Harmony is the most important law here. It is what sustains us.
A council of my forebears decided that the trolls were in violation of this law. They offered them a resolution. They could remain in the forest so long as they sacrificed one of every twelve of their number on the eve of each spring. This way they would replenish the earth when it was most opportune, and all could prosper in the coming year. But the trolls were defiant and later slew the head of the council. For an entire season they rampaged. This is referred to as the Time of Fire. They would have destroyed everything had it not been for the other councilors who, through cleverness and daring, lured the trolls underground and sealed the way with a giant stone. Balance was restored to the forest, though it took a long while. We have been vigilant ever since.
Iliff became aware of the distant rumblings of his companion and hoped that Stag could not hear them.
I trust you understand my concern, Stag finished.
I do, Iliff said. And I assure you that the troll that goes with me poses no threat to your harmony. Hes not much of a hunter, and Ill keep watch over him. I own him, in a manner.
Stag nodded. Your intentions are sincere, but beware, for according to the stories trolls are intemperate and not easily governed. My advice is to send him back whence he came. But if he belongs to you, as you say, then pass through the forest quickly. Take only what you need and nothing more. If you must hunt, prey on small animals. Do not try to fell the larger animals, least of all the females, for they are sacred. I warn you now that doing so will bind you here until you have restored harmony to the forest. And there is only one way that can be done.
Iliff met Stags grave gaze with his own.
I trust you need water, Stag said. There is a river not far from here. Down that way. Stags antlers pointed to where the forest floor rose before falling steeply. I will leave you now to your journey. Follow the laws of the forest and I will assure your safe passage. Defy them and I will return with others to enforce the restoration of harmony. There are members of the council more powerful than myself, I assure you.
I understand, Iliff said. And I thank you, Keeper of the Forest.
Is there anything more you require?
You have directed me to water. Do you also know the way to the Sun?
The Sun is not a concern of ours, Stag said. We live in the forest because that is our nature. Humans are different. You walk the earth but aspire to loftier places. You become lost between the two and, instead of harmony, you live in all manner of fear and trouble. Im sorry, Iliff, but I cannot aid you here. Your search for the Sun is unique to your kind. I can only urge you not to linger in the forest.
The animals ears pricked up. I must leave now. There is business in the dale. May you fare well on your way, Seeker of the Sun. So long as you are in the forest, I will be close.
Stag dipped his broad rack and sprang past Iliff. His long, powerful form bounded with ease. Right before entering a thicket, he stopped and turned.
Your troll remains of great concern to me, he said. Watch him closely.




Chapter 15


Iliff awoke Troll at twilight. After a light meal of the berries he had gathered, the two headed down toward the river. The way was steep and thickly wooded, but they soon happened upon a trail that made the going easier.
As they went, Iliff told his companion about his meeting with Stag. He took special care to explain the Law of Harmony and the consequences for disobeying. He stopped Troll in the middle of the trail to make sure he understood. Troll grumbled and nodded. His hunger had put him in an ill mood. Iliff decided to leave out the part about the trolls rampaging and being driven from the forest. He was still trying to make sense of thisas well as Stags parting warning.
The river was narrow and wound between stony banks where trees rose thin and sparse. Iliff and Troll arrived with the last of the light. They drank their fill and stretched out among the boulders along the bank.
Theres one less thing to worry about, Iliff said, pushing the swollen skin into his bag. Now its only a matter of finding food for ourselves.
Ill hunt again tonight.
Yes, but remember what I told you about the large animals. They probably use that path to come down to drink. You mustnt hunt them. In fact, give them as wide a berth as possible, especially the females.
Yes, yes, I know, Troll grumbled.
Iliffs sleep was fitful. He awoke often to listen for Troll. In half-dreams he saw his companion crouched beside a boulder, preparing to pounce a large animal of the forest. He saw him wrestle her to the ground, crush her head with a stone. When, in the predawn, Troll returned empty-handed and dispirited, Iliff was much relieved.
Nothing. Troll kicked at a boulder. We were better off up in the trees.
Perhaps but we need water, and the river will lead us upward.
What about food?
Surely there are some prospects here.
Lots of small animals, but they hear me coming, Troll complained. They run off before I can grab em. There are large animals too, but I didnt go near them. Like you told me.
Good.
They ate the rest of the berries and then set out along the bank while the world was still dim. At first the forest stood away from the water, exposing a swath of gray sky that mirrored the course of the river. But after several bends, the trees crowded in with such suddenness that there was nothing to do but enter the river itself. Troll knelt so Iliff could mount his back. He waded through the splashing waters until the trees fell back again and the two were able to resume their journey along the bank.
After dawn they made for the shade of the trees. The sounds of night still pulsed and hummed around them, for the forest was dimmer in the rivers deep valley. Troll found a hollow tree, where he stuffed the sack of treasures and hunkered down to rest.
Are there any more of those berries? he asked, raising his dense brow.
No, Im sorry, Iliff said. Ill try to find some more food while you sleep.
He searched the surrounding forest the day long. The bits of sky that peeked through the canopy remained gray. The trees stood silent. Many times Iliff sensed that he was being watched and would turn expecting to see Stag, but there was only the dense green of the forest. Iliff regretted now that he had not asked him where to find food.
At twilight he returned with a pocketful of the same pale berries and some leaves that, though bitter, were soft enough to chew. Troll grabbed up his share and cast it into his mouth. He looked to Iliff as if expecting more, but there was no more.
They pulled their bags over their shoulders and plodded down to the river.

* * *

For the next several days, they continued to travel during those few hours when the light was gentle on Trolls eyes and Iliff could still see. As they ascended, the river broadened and strengthened, while the forest on either side grew denser. Their spoils from foraging and hunting remained meager, however. Iliffs hunger pangs became more insistent. Troll suffered as well. He hunched and staggered and, at times, grumbled about how much better they had it in the mines.
At least were finding some food out here, Iliff would say. We just have to find more of it.
But he worried that the Sun had decided not to provide for them, that this was his punishment for having left the path. And with this worry came another, even more disturbing. If this scarcity went on much longer, they would have little choice but to return to the mines and Euclid.

* * *

One morning Troll stumbled into camp carrying a small creature by the tail. It swung beneath the pinch of his thumb and forefinger, the body beneath its crushed head more fur than meat.
Well, this is it, Troll grumbled. I suppose we can split it.
Iliff shook his head, though he was famished. No, you go ahead, he said. You caught it. He cinched his cloak around him and prodded the gray ashes of their campfire.
Troll tossed the morsel into his mouth and chewed and grimaced, though not from the taste, Iliff guessed, but from the understanding that it was all he would have to eat until that nightassuming Iliff could find them food. Troll sagged to the ground across from him.
Are you sure we cant hunt the big ones?
We cant. Iliff looked hard at his companion. Under any circumstances.
Because one walked right past me last night. It wouldve been so easy
I said no.
But thered be so much meat! Troll thrust his palms out. Wed eat for days.
What good is getting food if it means our lives are forfeit? I told you what Stag said.
Humph. Troll sagged back down.
Iliff pressed his hand up into his drawn stomach. The talk of food had set it shaking. He eyed Troll, who was looking at the ground now, fog puffing from his nostrils in poor clouds. In truth, Iliff had had the same thought upon his own encounter with an animal the day before. The animal had been brown and muscular like Stag, but without antlers. It was grazing on the leaves of low branches near where Iliff had stopped to rest. He watched it for several minutes, admiring its beauty. But then his stomach rumbled and he began to imagine a large cooking fire and the sound and smell of hissing meat. It was only when the forest litter crackled beneath him that the animal became aware of his closeness and sprinted away.
Troll jerked his head up. Oh, I saw one of your kind last night.
What? A person?
Troll nodded.
Where?
Down the river. A female, I think. He touched his splay nose. The smells different.
Iliff was silent for a moment. He stood and looked skyward.
Its nearly first light, he said, though dawn was still an hour away. Here, take the treasures and lets find a place for you deeper in the trees. While you rest, Ill see what I can learn of her.




Chapter 16


Iliff washed his face, combed water through his hair, and set off down along the river. He listened as he went but heard nothing save for the first birdcalls up in the trees and the chuckling of water below.
A woman, he thought. He had not known any but Adramina and could hardly even imagine another. Was this one also wise and powerful? he wondered. Would she favor them? Aid them? Perhaps join them on their quest?
Iliff soon came to a place where tall grasses swept from the waters edge to create a screen all the way to the forest. He remembered walking around it the evening before; he could even see where he and Troll had emerged from the trees. Now he noticed a place where the grasses had been pressed flat.
He entered and explored the crude pathway. The grasses to either side leaned in and brushed his face before climbing above his head. Before long the path opened into an area where all of the grasses had been stomped to the ground. Iliff could make out a heap of rags and odd implements littering its far side, as though someone had made their home here. He did not notice the giant form curled to his right until he was almost beside it.
The woman gave a snort, then shrieked and jerked upright. A riot of dark hair whipped over flared eyes and a mouth so tightly pursed that it looked like a fist, one nearly as large as his own.
Oh! Iliff stumbled backward. Im sorry. I didnt mean to surprise you.
Crouched on thick knees, she remained glaring toward him. Her clawed hand showed dark, ragged nails. The ogre-like woman looked nothing like Adramina, Iliff thought distractedly, nothing at all. She flexed now as if preparing to lunge, though in what direction, at him or away, Iliff could not tell.
Im not here to hurt you, he stammered, raising his hands. II just came to see about you.
The woman tilted her head, as if hearing him for the first time. Her mouth relaxed and opened a bit, revealing large gaps in her teeth. She pushed the hair from her softening eyes and lowered her hand to her broad chest.
Norm? she grunted. Norman? She began to feel the ground toward Iliffs boots. She climbed over one with her hands and pressed her ample cheek to it. Yes, yes, it is you!
No, um, Im not Norman. My name is Iliff.
The woman went on stroking his boot and grunting over it. Iliff was debating whether to leave this strange woman to her strange illusions when she seized his cloak as though to pull herself upright. Instead, Iliff lost his balance, stumbling against her. She twisted the sides of his cloak around her fists and held him there, dark, tear-shaped eyes roaming the breadth of his face. Their sadness held a strange attraction, and Iliff decided not to resist. Not yet. The woman would see her mistake soon enough. Then, perhaps, he could talk to her.
But in the next moment she was sighing and wrapping her arms around him, squeezing much of the air from him in the process.
Norman, she whispered. Hold me.
His voice emerged a muffle. Im not Norman. I am Iliff.
She rocked him back and forth, the fullness of her body pressed to his. In his deprived state, he felt himself yielding to her weight, her motion. He rested his head against hers, despite himself.
Ive traveled far, he murmured. Im very hungry.

* * *

For the rest of the morning Iliff went with the woman as she gathered forest foods and dropped them into a large basket of woven grass. She was strong and thick with arms that swelled beyond the sleeves of her dark dress. Iliff might have mistaken her for a man if her chest and hips were not so full. The latter rolled in powerful figure-eights when she walked. She looked down at Iliff often, her trembling smile almost pushing the heaviness from her eyes.
Iliff was careful to linger over the plants she chose, tasting their fruits and shoots. They were more flavorful than anything he had found on his own, and he wondered how he had missed them. He soon saw that they only grew in certain places. The sweet maroon berry in the thorny growth, the succulent shoots in the shade of the pale trees. And with this he began to understand how interwoven the world out here waseverything dependent on everything elseand with this, how important balance and harmony must be to such a place. Perhaps the laws of the council were not so harsh after all, he mused.
He folded his cloak into a deep sling and when the woman was not looking, gathered additional food for Troll.
They returned to the river, where the woman spread out her tattered shawl like a blanket and arranged all of the foods she had gathered. It was a colorful haul. Iliff thanked her and began to eat, but the woman did not join him. She sat on the stiff folds of her dress, her thorn-scratched legs folded to one side, watching him.
Tell me, Iliff said when he had eaten enough to quiet his stomach. How long have you been here?
Ive always been here, she said.
Who else has been here with you?
Just you. She appeared confused.
Yes, yes, but who raised you? Who taught you to find food? Are they still about?
She did not answer. When he looked up it was clear by her dim, crooked gaze that she was not even considering his question. She smiled and edged herself closer to him.
Is there no one else here? he asked.
She edged closer still.
How long have you been alone?
She hesitated and her eyes fell.
Iliff thought for a moment. Didnt there ever come a time when you thought, He may never return. I must leave and seek another place, other companions? Did that never cross your mind?
She lifted a dark berry from the shawl and rolled it between her stained finger and thumb, but made no move to carry it to her mouth.
Well?
No, never, she said. Her expression fell around deep, familiar lines. I always knew youd come back. We talked about building a home. Right here, beside the waters. You saidyou said She looked away over the river.
Iliff reached over and cupped her broad nape. You are a good woman, he said, but you have to listen to me now. I am not Norman. My name is Iliff. I am passing through the forest in my search for the Sun. I do not plan on staying.
Tears dribbled the length of her downcast nose and dropped onto the shawl in great speckles.
No, no, listen to me. Iliff lowered his head until he could make out her face beyond her wild tangles of hair. I want you to come with me. I want us to seek the Sun together. Youve suffered alone in this place for far too long.
Leave? She sniffled and pressed the collar of her dress to her eyes.
Iliff nodded. He told her about his own miseries then, first in the prison and then in the mines. And I would still be miserable in those places had I not left them to seek the Sun. For the Sun is where Im from, I believe. Where we are all from. And maybe its just that we will know nothing but misery until we return there. Until we look upon the Sun at last.
The woman seemed to be listening, but as Iliff waited for her response, her expression became diffuse. She scooted the remaining distance between them and pressed herself into his side.
Now that youve returned, she whispered, we can be as man and woman again?
She moved her hand from his chest to his stomach, playing with the folds of his tunic along the way. Her deep, sorrowful eyes loomed before his. He could feel the weight of them, the weight of her, leaning into him, pulling him down.
 No, Im not Norm He scrambled to his feet and stood away from her. Havent you listened to a word Ive said?
She began to reach for him, but pulled back. Her mouth stretched wide, and in the next instant she was facedown on the ground. From beneath her knotted hair came such terrific spasms of shrieks and gasps that Iliff feared she would suffocate. He dropped to her side.
Get away from me! she bellowed when she could draw enough air. Youll only leave me again!
Im inviting you to come with me. He touched her heaving back. This misery, Im inviting you to leave it behind.
No! Its a trick! She jerked away. Yyoull sneak away, just like before. Youll leave me here, but I wont be able to stand it this time. I wont wait. Do you hear me? IIll drown myself!
Iliff watched in confusion and fright as she kicked and pummeled the ground, causing it to tremble. She grabbed the shawl, scattering what remained of their breakfast, and pressed it to her face. Every time Iliff attempted to console her, she shrieked and squirmed away and fell into heavier sobbing.
It was not until sometime after noon that the tantrum finally exhausted her. Her tortured breaths deepened and became snores. Iliff considered gathering more food for them, but he did want to go off lest the woman awaken and, believing herself abandoned, carry out her threat.
And so he sat there as the light of the day waned and the river that was his path tumbled on and on before him.




Chapter 17


Dusk came to the forest and still the woman slept. Iliff imagined that Troll was awake by now and wondering where he was. As he considered what to do, he heard a familiar heavy tread coming down along the river. Iliff ran to meet his companion and found him limping along, the sack of treasures hanging over his back. He bore the most miserable look on his face.
There you are, Troll said. Please tell me youve found something to eat. Im about to collapse.
Iliff gave over the cloak-full of food. Troll grunted his surprise, but wasted no time getting the hoard into his mouth. When Troll waded into the river to drink, Iliff caught him up on the days happenings.
And now Im worn out, Iliff finished. But Im afraid if I go off to get some sleep, shell throw herself into the river.
Troll lifted his head from the water and bent his narrow brow.
I can keep an eye on her, he said. Im not having much luck with the hunting anyway. Dont worry. Ill stop her if she tries to do anything.
Iliff thought for a moment. You do have experience keeping vigil over people, he said, almost to himself. Yes, all right then. But come and wake me before first light. Sooner, if she starts to stir.

* * *

The sky was beginning to pale when Troll shook Iliff awake. He had found a small clearing in the trees, just large enough to curl inside. He was stiff and disoriented as he sat up.
Shes starting to stir, Troll whispered.
Iliff nodded and was about to ask Troll how the night went when the first wailings sounded, deep and forlorn.
Nooormaaan
Remembering the womans threat, Iliff dressed hurriedly and ran down to the water. He pulled up when he got there, relieved to find her in the same spot where she had fallen asleep the day before. She was kneeling now, her back to him, her mussed hair littered with debris. Her voice boomed again: Nooormaaan
Iliff lingered, curious to see what she would do. He could reach her in time if she made for the river. If she did not, if the threat were an empty one, he and Troll could be on their way with the assurance, at least, that she would not harm herself.
But when she wailed a third time, the sadness of her voice was too much. He came up behind her.
Im here, he said.
She made a surprised noise and turned her head. And there were her eyes, her large, ponderous eyes made alluring by their sorrow. She got up and stumbled toward him, falling into his chest.
Its all right, Iliff said, trying not to grunt with the effort of holding her up. Im here.
She sobbed for a time while Iliff rubbed her heaving back. By the time she raised her head, a smile had swum up from beneath her swollen features.
Youre hungry, arent you? she asked. She sniffled and knelt for her grass basket. Come, lets gather our breakfast.
Iliff folded his cloak into a sling and let her lead him into the forest.

* * *

They foraged the morning long, Iliff discovering that he was able to find several of the foods on his own this time. The woman spoke little but turned often to seek his hand. She was content, it seemed, so long as he remained close.
They ate on the bank again and then sat watching the river. Iliff wondered where it all came from, this endless flowing water. Of course, if he kept to his path, he told himself, he would not have to wonder. His eyes drifted to the swirling pools of water near their feet.
Have you given any thought about what I said yesterday? he asked.
In his periphery, he saw the woman turn toward him. Though he could make out the dark swells of her eyes, his distance from them seemed to weaken their strange allure.
About coming with me? he said. About seeking the Sun?
She remained silent.
Becausehe took a breathbecause Im planning to leave tonight.
He saw her body slump, but still he did not look directly at her. When she spoke at last, her voice was low and pitiful, little more than a murmur.
But we talked about building our home here, she said. Right here, beside the water...
You talked about it with someone who is no longer here, Iliff said. I am not Norman, Ive told you that. My name is Iliff. I am on my way to seek the Sun, and Ive told you that as well. Im inviting you to come with me. He glanced toward her. I want you to come with me.
She scooted toward him, but before she could reach him, before she could get her weight against him, he stood.
I need to know your answer, he said.
She collapsed forward, just as the day before. And as before, she was soon screaming and thrashing over the ground. This time Iliff resisted the urge to kneel beside her, to rub her back and speak softly.
Ill do it this time, she shrieked. Do you hear me? IIll drown myself!
She lifted herself to her hands and knees and began scrambling toward the water. Iliff stood and watched, not quite believing her, but when her hair spilled into the shallows, he raced over and grabbed her by the back of her dress. She pounded his arms and whipped her head. Tendrils of wet hair lashed his face. He wrestled her up the bank somehow and they fell back onto the ground, Iliff bearing the brunt of her weight. He lay there panting, the woman sobbing, then snoring.
Dazed, Iliff resisted falling asleep himself, though his fogging thoughts bid it. He worked himself from under her and waited for dusk, when his companion would come to relieve him.

* * *

In the days that followed, a wearisome pattern emerged. Iliff would emerge from his sleep each morning to find the woman wailing on the bank. After a morning spent foraginga skill he was becoming more adept at, at leastthey would eat beside the river. All would be well until he brought up the subject of their leaving. And though he tried doing so in different words and tones, some gentle, some firm, and with different looks and gestures, some insisting, some cajoling, the result was always the same.
By the end of the second week, Iliff was exhausted and out of ideas. When he gave over his food to Troll that evening, he announced his decision.
Well watch over her tonight, he said, but tomorrow we leave, with or without her. Were too long from the path.
Troll raised his brow as if he were going to say something, but then grunted and lowered his head into the food.

* * *

When Iliff opened his eyes the next morning, gray light showed though the dense canopy. His rest had been deep, and the warm weight of sleep lingered over him. He sighed and closed his eyes, listening to the water tumbling over the stones.
The riverthe woman!
He shot up.
Troll should have awakened him by now. But his companion was not in the clearing where Iliff had made his bed. He raced to the river, to the place he had left the woman. There were the pieces of her grass basket that she had destroyed in her flailing the day before, but nothing else.
Troll! he cried.
He stopped and listened.
Troll! Troll!
Far away, a bird picked up his call and mimicked it back. He looked up and down the river. There was nothing to suggest that the woman had drowned herself or that Troll had tried to restrain her.
He wheeled around. The forest that climbed from the river seemed more immense than ever. Fog drifted among the high branches. He went to the forests edge and cupped his hands to his mouth to call again. But then his eyes flicked to the swath of grass where he had first stumbled over the woman. Was that movement? Yes, the tops of the grasses were trembling. Soon a snarl of black hair rose into view.
Troll! he called in relief.
Iliff rushed along the line of trees toward his companion. Troll appeared above the grasses, which rose to the level of his solid chest. He pressed one hand to his eyes and pushed aside grass with the other. He peeked through his fingers and then lumbered in Iliffs direction.
Iliff waited on the verge of the forest where there was shade.
The woman, Iliff called as Troll drew nearer. Whats become of her?
Troll ducked under the tree where Iliff stood. He moved his hand to his jutting brow and looked up just long enough to grumble something about the light.
Well? Iliff said.
Shes safe, Troll mumbled.
Where is she?
Troll hitched his trousers and raised his arm to indicate the direction from which he had come. He did not lift his head to look where he was pointing.
In the grasses? What is she doing there?
Sleeping.
But she is safe? She is well?
Troll nodded.
Iliff relaxed. He looked from Troll to the tall grasses. His first concern had been that the woman had succeeded in harming herself. But beneath that fear had lurked one darker. When he saw Troll emerge from the grasses alone, he had remembered Stags warning. A part of him became certain that Trolls vigilance over the sleeping woman had awakened something brutal inside, some ancient, atavistic urge to stalk and ambush and devour.
Troll said she was safe, though, and Iliff believed him. But why was he being so evasive? What had he been doing all night? Iliff stood before his companion, who looked everywhere but at him.
I need to know what happened last night, he said.
Troll huffed in what sounded like defiance, but Iliff did not relent. He drew himself up. Troll looked to either side before sighing and slumping to the base of the tree.
Do you promise not to be angry? he asked.
Iliff said nothing.
Humph. Troll began poking the earth with a fingernail. When you left I went to the woman. She was sleeping as usual, so I went to the place I sit, not too far away. She woke up and started calling for Norman. She called and called. I was going to get you, but she sounded so sad. I went to get closer in case she tried to you know. With his fingers he made a running and jumping motion. But she heard me and came over. I didnt think she could see me in the dark. But she bumped into me and got hold of my hand. And then she started calling me Norman. I didnt know what to do. I didnt talk because I didnt want to scare her. She led me to the grasses over there. She asked if I would lay with her and so I did. We just lay there, but Troll hesitated.
What?
I dont know. He scratched his jaw. We just lay there, but Troll looked at Iliff and then quickly away. I dont know. And then I fell asleep. I only just woke when I heard you calling me.
Iliff looked at Troll, but he was imaging the woman, the fullness and weight of her, the deep pull of her eyes. He remembered Adraminas warning about those who would lure him from his path.
Lets go, he said suddenly. We mustnt dally another moment.
Troll turned his head to the grasses, then back to Iliff. But what about I thought she needed looking after.
It is because of the woman that we must go. Come now, there is no time for discussion.
I dont think we should leave. Shell be all alone.
Listen to me, Iliff said. Every day Ive urged her to come with us. Ive tried every way I know, but she wont have it. Her misery over this man is absolute. She can think of nothing else. She is imprisoned here.
Then maybe we could stay with herhe peeked at Iliffjust for a little while longer.
Iliff shook his head.
Then maybe Ill stay with her.
There is nothing more we can do for her. In fact, the more distance we put between ourselves and the woman, the better it will be for all concerned. She believes us to be someone we are not.
Troll hunched his shoulders where he sat.
Come now! Iliff pulled at Trolls elbow. Enough of this nonsense. We are losing precious time. Our journey is long and weve gotten nowhere.
Humph! Troll jerked his arm away. This is your journey, not mine. I only agreed to escape the mines with you, to come out here. I never said I wanted to go farther. If you want to go to the very high place with the light, thats your business. If I want to stay here, thats mine.
Is that your wish? To remain here? To hide by day and lay with this woman by night?
Troll did not answer.
What will you do when this woman discovers that youre not her Norman? What will you do if she flees you? Is that what you want? To become as lost and wretched as she is?
I want what I want.
Yes, and thats why you need me to look after you.
Troll thrust out his gray lips. Says you.
Yes, says me! Heat broke out over Iliffs face. I own you, or have you forgotten? I gave over half my treasures for your release, to keep you from laboring in those infernal pits. Whether you like it or not, you are my responsibility now.
Troll lowered his head.
We cannot remain in the forest. Iliff paused to consider what he was about to say. Stag is concerned about your presence. There have been problems with trolls in the past. I dare say it was why your kind was driven underground. Stag has granted our passage on the condition that we obey the Law of Harmony and pass quietly. You would be testing his tolerance to try to remain here.
Iliff glanced toward the tall grasses. He was becoming increasingly anxious that the woman would emerge and find them there, that their chance to escape her would be lost. He took a deep breath and knelt before Troll.
I dont mean to be angry with you. Its just that you are the only companion I have, the only one I trust to make this journey with me. He looked around. I dont know this place. Its as foreign to me as it is to you. I wont feel safe unless youre near. I mean that.
Minutes passed, during which Iliff tried not to look at the grasses.
At last Troll huffed and pushed himself to his feet.
Thank you, Iliff said.
Troll would not look at him. He followed Iliff back to the camp but in slow, slouching steps. When they arrived there, Iliff opened the sack of treasures and took out the gold plate.
It has no value for her here, he said. But perhaps shell see in it something of her own worth. It is beautiful, after all. It may challenge her condition.
Iliff stole down the river with the plate and set it beside the womans ruined basket.
Troll was still there when Iliff returned. He stood behind a tree as Iliff gathered his cloak and bag, and did not step in for the treasures until Iliff had moved from the clearing. Iliff noticed that his companion did not sling the sack over his back this time. And as they started up stream, he could hear it dragging and clattering over the ground behind him.




Chapter 18


The river flowed past them from a steep gully. The forest rose and receded. By midday shelves of stone began to show among the trees. Iliff looked back often to make sure Troll was still following. He was, though at a distance. Iliff could see that he suffered in the light, but that could not be helped. He wanted to put as much distance between them and the heartsick woman as he could.
Iliff walked them through the afternoon. The riverbed widened as they went and became more stone-choked. The waters crashed and frothed. By evening they had entered a boulder field, and Iliff thought it a good place to stop for the night. He found some open ground near the trees and lit a fire.
Ive been thinking this day, Iliff said once they had settled down. Troll was sitting on a boulder almost beyond the firelight, his back to their camp. There should be some guidelines while were in the forest. We are guests here, after all, and I would not doubt were being watched. Stag suggested as much.
Troll had not spoken since they set out that morning and gave no sign now that he was listening.
Anyway, Ive come up with three rules, Iliff said. First, we are to stay in each others sight at all times, day or night. We need to know whether the other is in any need. We cant go wandering off on a whim.
Second, there will be no more hunting. For what if we were to capture what seemed to us a small animal but that others considered large? This has bothered me. Besides, hunting is unnecessary now that we know where the foods grow. Iliff thought he could hear Troll grinding his jaw. He pressed on.
Third, we will have nothing more to do with people. Since we cannot know their motives, it will be better to avoid them altogether than to risk getting caught up in whatever it is that keeps them here. Do we have an understanding? No wandering, no hunting, no people.
Troll scratched the back of his neck and shifted on his seat.
I think I know what youre thinking, Iliff said, but the rules will bind us both. And they are only for so long as were in the forest.
Iliff piled more wood onto the fire, temporarily knocking down the flames. The sudden dimness hid his guilt. He had thought up the rules to restrain Troll and Troll alone. He feared that, without rules, his companion would act on whatever impulse happened to strike in whatever moment, and he could not afford to become entangled in this place or any other. Not after all the time he had lost in the mines.
When the fire crackled and flared again, Iliff was relieved to find his companion still turned away.

* * *

In the weeks that followed, Iliff drove them on. They set out each day at first light and walked until midday when the light became too much for Troll. While Troll rested in the shade of the forest, Iliff foraged nearby. Though his skills as a forager continued to improve, it was also true that the foods of the forest had become more abundant. Fruit fell from crowded boughs. Ripe berries shone moist and bright among tangled thorns, casting an enticing perfume. Shoots and roots flowed with vital juices. Fears of scarcity, of having to return to the mines, receded from Iliffs thoughts until it was as if they had never been. Following a large meal, the two would set out again. Their day of traveling did not end until nightfall and often beyond.
The days expanded and warmed around them, while the nights, with their cool winds, contracted bit by bit. Sudden rains came and went but did not linger. New and surprising varieties of birds swept in, populating the swelling tree-tops with color and fresh song. More of Stag's kind appeared along the river.
With the lengthening days, Troll and Iliff's progress improved. And with food plentiful and only the river to follow, Iliff was able to focus on the object of his quest as he had not done in years. Though the sky still appeared flat and colorless, he was becoming ever more convinced that there was something beyond it, something that watched over them and provided for them. Sometimes he thought he could see a vague form, a diffusion of light in the gray wash, but then he would blink or move his head and the impression would be lost, strain as he might to bring it back.
That the Sun was still a thing beyond his imagination frustrated him. But he held to his understanding that it was only a matter of keeping to his path to arrive there, and only a matter of arriving there to see it. And given their present good fortune, arriving there seemed only a matter of time.
For his part, Troll showed no such ambitions. Though he followed Iliff and heeded the rules, he held to his brooding silence.

* * *

Upon rounding a bend one afternoon, Iliff was surprised by an orange animal that darted from the rocks ahead. A handful of pups followed. One of them, golden-haired and with a small triangle for a face, lingered to watch their approach, but upon taking closer notice of Troll, started mightily and scampered after its mother. Iliff laughed but Troll only grumbled. He dropped the sack and went down to the river. Iliff looked after the pup and then back to Troll, who was kneeling now and scooping water to his mouth.
How long are you going to go on like this? Iliff asked.
Like what?
You dont speak, you wont acknowledge anything. You know what Im talking about. For the last month youve dragged yourself along like a man going to his executioner. Why do you stay so unhappy?
Troll finished drinking and stepped up the bank. He wiped his dripping mouth and shook the water from his hand. Iliff did not expect him to respond so was surprised when he did.
The mines were a miserable place, and I was miserable there, its true. But the things I wanted, the gold things, at least I could hold them. They were the reason I did what I did. This thing were going to now, you tell me about it, but I dont know what it is. You tell me to trust that its there, but I cant see it at all. And I dont know what Im sposed to do when we get there.
Are you still worried about the light?
Troll lifted the sack of treasures.
Because youre doing better in it, he said. You look better too. Indeed, Trolls boils had scabbed over and flaked away, while his ill pallor had deepened to a dusky gray. Even his odor had improved, becoming almost earthy.
Well, how much more do we have to walk? Troll asked.
Im not sure.
Are you even sure its there?
The Sun? Its gotten us this far, hasnt it? Were being provided for, are we not? Iliff gestured to the sides of the river where fruiting trees colored the forested hills that rolled and showed blue in the distance. How can you doubt when the signs are everywhere around you?
Troll raised his head enough to glance about, then dropped his gaze.
What? What is it you want?
I Trolls voice fell to grumbles.
I cant know unless you tell me.
I just dont think its there. Thats all.
Iliff hoisted his pack and turned from his companion. Winds that had begun the night before picked up for a moment and nudged against him.
It is, he said. And were going to get there.




Chapter 19


As the weeks passed, the winds became stronger. They burst cold and bare from the lands ahead, chilling the night and forcing Iliff into his cloak again. At the same time, the way along the river became steep and grassless, endless eruptions of stone. Troll and Iliff spent entire days climbing while the waters beside them tumbled down barren, cascading shelves.
The forest stood farther away, its leaves fading, its flowers long since spoiled and spilled, its colors and its creatures pushed off by the winds. Food grew scarce. The berries disappeared first, then the fruits, followed soon by the leaves and shoots. At last all that remained were roots, and these were small and mean, difficult to chew. When Iliff foraged the steep slopes, he could no longer fill his cloak.
We mustnt waver, he would say to Troll. We must be more steadfast than ever.
But each dawn showed more and more pale, more and more bleak. Iliff looked often to the sky. He needed to see something, but there was only the same gray expanse that revealed nothing of itself or whatever lay beyond. There were not even vague shapes anymore.
As the winds picked up and persisted into daylight, as the way became steeper still, Iliff and Trolls progress diminished. They made their way with heads bowed, drawn bodies pressed low, every step a labor. Iliff had never felt wearier. His focus faded from the lands around them and even further from his destination, falling instead on the next stone in front of him, where all his hope now lay.

* * *

One evening after an especially grueling day, Iliff resolved to light a fire. He had been unable to do so since the winds started up.
There may not be food this night, he said, but we are going to enjoy some warmth.
He led them beyond the meager tree line. The steepness over which they had been struggling for weeks had begun to level off late in the day, and the wind gusted and swirled from every direction. Iliff arranged a few large stones into a circle and set some kindling inside. He sent Troll to gather larger branches for fuel. But stay in sight, he called. Troll hobbled into the trees, too weak even to affect irritability.
Iliff searched for matches before remembering that he had used the last of them some time ago. He dug into his bag and found the tinder pouch that Adramina had given him. The time in her dwelling seemed so distant now, like a dream. Your path must be up, ever up, she had said. For that is where the Sun is seen. It sounded so simple. But with their violent change in fortunes, he wondered if he was any closer now than on that morning. His throat caught. What was he doing wrong! Why were they being starved and pushed back? Was he being tested? Punished?
Or had Euclid been right about this place all along?
No, he could not think about that, could not think about returning there. But he had his companion to consider. Iliff listened to him snapping off branches in the darkness. He had led Troll into this world and was responsible for him. He could not allow him to die out here.
Iliff set out the contents of the tinder pouch on a flat rock. The length of metal felt warm in his bruised hands. He turned it over. He still had his appeals; indeed, he had thought about them much in the last days. He had wanted to hold onto them as long as he could, but now their situation was dire. He looked skyward. He would still have two left.
Please, Adramina, he called with the little strength he had. I am lost. Please please help me.
Iliff waited. He was not sure what would follow, but there was nothing. He wiped his eyes and placed a fragment of the tinder fungus beneath the kindling. When he struck the metal against the flint, a white spark leapt out and landed on the fungus. It smoldered and gave off a bit of smoke. Iliff leaned forward to blow on it, but it was already winking out. He was preparing to strike again when Troll returned, bearing two fistfuls of wood. Suddenly, the spark whispered and then whooshed into a white blaze that engulfed the kindling.
There it is! Iliff cried.
Troll recoiled and dropped the wood. He threw a hand to his eyes. But shortly he lowered his hand. The white light played over his craggy features.
Do you see? Iliff said.
Without taking his gaze from the blaze, Troll felt for a piece of wood and leaned forward to put it over the flames. Iliff leapt to his feet.
No! he cried. Youll smother it!
He tried to pull the wood from Trolls hands, but his companion did not relent. When at last Iliff wrestled the wood away, the kindling collapsed into a heap. Dimness and cold returned to their space.
Look what youve done! Iliff cried.
He fell to his knees and blew on the puny embers and set fresh kindling over them, but nothing caught. He picked up the metal and flint. Stay back, he warned. But he could not produce even the slightest spark. He struck and struck, each collision more feeble than the one before it. Finally, the implements trembled and fell out of his hands. He turned from them, from Troll, and pulled his cloak around him. The chill winds moaned and pushed him over. He closed his eyes where he lay and drew in his starved limbs.
He wished only to sleep now, to forget everything.

* * *

Troll watched Iliff fall. He took a step toward him then stopped. He had seen the anger in his eyes, and more than anger. There had been blame. Blame for the fire going out. Blame for their hunger, for their misfortunes.
And Iliff was probably right to blame him, Troll thought.
He had done nothing to help them since they had arrived out here. He had failed at hunting, failed at keeping watch over the woman. He had done nothing to keep Iliff safe. He was the one being provided for now. The only thing he did was carry the treasures. But so what? Iliff no longer cared about them. There was the sack now, on the edge of the camp, just where it had been dropped.
Troll limped to the nearest tree and squatted on his haunches. He looked at the huddled form of his companion. He did not like Iliffs control, did not like his plan to lead them to the very high place with the light. Why then, he wondered, did he continue to follow him? To do whatever he bid?
He didnt know. But there was a need, insistent and deep-felt, a need that had begun in the mines during his earliest vigils over Iliff. The need was so great that it rivaled his desire for gold, even. It was the need to be near him.
Troll recalled his final meeting with the Boss.
Dont let him get far, the Boss had told him. Bring him back to me as soon as you can. Use force if you have to. Your reward will be great. Foods, treasures.
Will I still be the one to guard him?
Of course. Forever and ever, if you like. But do not fail me.
And so Troll promised to bring him back.
But that was before they had come out into the world. So many things to see, so many smells. And the woman, the woman who had taken his hand and led him inside the grasses and talked and talked and bid him lie beside her. He recalled her voice, like tumbling water, and the closeness and roundness of her as they slept. And by the next morning, with his body still enfolding hers, Troll could no longer imagine himself in the mines. He could no longer imagine crouching inside those stinking tunnels with his own miserable kind. No, he wanted to stay there with the woman.
But when Iliff confronted him that morning, when he looked like he was ready to go on without him, Troll found out that his need to be near Iliff was greater. He became afraid. He relented. And he had done whatever Iliff had told him since.
But his companion looked so small lying there now, so weak. Trolls eyes searched around. If only he could grab up something for them to eat.
But for the rules he moaned.
Something caught his attention. He craned his neck and peered through the darkness to the far side of the river. A spark? No, a fire. Troll rose to his feet for a better look. Yes, far off, almost hidden by the trees. A campfire, perhaps? There could be food there, warmth certainly. At the least he could return with some coals and get a fire going here.
He crept to where his companion lay and stooped over him. Sleeping. Troll backed away and then stole from the camp and down to the river. With two steps he was in the middle of the water, his stony calves parting its frigid course. Troll stopped and looked back to their camp. He would soon be out of sight.
So be it.
He left the river and entered the barren forest. He drew a mark on the distant fire until everything else became peripheral. He crept from tree to tree, stepping over anything that might make a sound to announce his presence. The closer he got, the quicker became his heartbeats, the keener his senses. The fire burned in a large clearing. Troll saw no food, alas, just a circle of flaming boughs. He searched for the fires maker, but saw no one and nothing. He scanned the darkness beyond the clearing. Whoever had built it had moved on, it seemed.
Troll crept to the verge of the clearing and peered about again. Still nothing. He stepped into the fires raw radiance. He trained his sights on a fat branch whose end glowed orange. Yes, that would do. He knelt to grab it and then howled and grasped his leg. Something had pierced the back of his thigh, something long and rough. Troll closed his hand over it.
Stop there! a voice commanded. It was husky and forceful. The next one is aimed at your wretched skull.
Trolls leg quivered and gave out and he fell to his side. He heard his attacker rush in, felt his hair being yanked inside a violent fist. Something cold and sharp bit into his throat.
Tell me why I shouldnt split you wide, you foul thing.
The man over him was large and darkly bearded. His weather-worn face and severe eyes burned in the firelight. He drew Trolls hair into a tighter ball, further exposing his neck. He pressed on the blade.
Please! Troll gasped. II just wanted to borrow of your fire.
The man chortled. I know a predator when I see one. I watched you step from the river, watched the way you stole to my camp. Borrowing of my fire was the last thing on your murderous mind.
We have no food, Troll said. I thought this was a cooking fire. I didnt come to hurt anyone.
A common dog in search of scraps. Hah! This from a creature whose every quality screams of the kill. Claws for gouging, brawn for wrenching and dismembering, a jaw to crush even the stoutest of windpipes. The blade skipped from Trolls throat and forced his lower lip down to his gums. And what about these dark gnashing things?
The man returned the blade to Trolls throat. He set his knee into Trolls stomach and bore down.
Troll groaned and became faint. He felt as if all the hunger, all the exertion of the last weeks were taking their toll at once. He could do nothing, could not even struggle for his expiring air. His body crumpled. He watched the mans image mottle over into shadow, punishing but featureless, watched it diffuse further into the darkness that was his failing awareness.
Trolls final thought was a strange one. What the man had said about his claws, his brawn, his teethhe had never considered those things about himself.
And then total darkness.




Chapter 20


The wind was dark and constant. It howled through the trees and blasted fallen leaves and debris across the ground in icy gusts. A freezing rain began to fall, hard and stinging. Iliff remained inside his cloak, withdrawn from the elements, withdrawn from the world. At dawn, when the rains had passed and the winds relented but still pushed and sighed over him, he stirred.
He refused to open his eyes. Refused to look on the bleak landscape. They would turn around that day. There was nothing else to do. He had followed the river, followed it upward, and now they were cold and starving. The only thing they would find ahead was death.
The Sun did not want him. He had decided this while fading into sleep the night before. Perhaps it was because he had strayed too far and too long from the path, had embraced the darkness of the mines. Or maybe it was because he had emerged in the company of a troll. The reasons no longer mattered. He could only imagine that Salvatore had exercised better judgment on his own journey. His strength and commitment had likely been unbending, far beyond Iliffs own capacities, certainly.
His only hope now was that the Sun would be benevolent enough to provide for them on their journey back. Otherwise, they would not make it.
He opened his eyes. He had to get them moving. When he sat up and turned, a blast of smoke chafed his eyes. He squinted and lowered his head until the winds shifted and carried the smoke over the river.
Troll? he croaked.
A large fire burned in their camp, in the circle of stones where he had failed to start his own blaze. And Troll. He could just make out his squatting form beyond the smoke. The smells of cooking meat and fat mingled in the tossing winds and made his stomach quiver.
Troll rose to his full height and waved him over. Iliff went on uncertain legs and sat on the log that Troll set before him. He felt vague, insubstantial, like a specter in a foggy dreamscape, unable to understand, much less engage, the scene around him. But the fire was strong and began to work on him immediately, easing his numbness and soreness, clearing his mind a bit.
Troll handed him a spit through the smoke. Iliff looked at the charred meat, unable to recall the last time he had eaten anything substantial. He tore off a mouthful and bolted it down, and then another. He took more time with the second spit, relishing the hardiness of the meat. The third was the best of all. He could feel his strength swimming back, as if from the bottom of some deep, dismal pool. Those dreaded thoughts of returning to the mines diminished, then disappeared.
Iliff wiped his mouth and set the final spit on his log beside the others. He looked to Troll who was finishing up as well. Half-a-dozen of the blackened sticks lay scattered around his feet.
Thank you, Iliff said and then laughed. You did well, Troll. Really well.
Troll lifted his head with what appeared satisfaction. He ran his final spit between his gray lips and wiped his hands on the front of his trousers. Iliff noticed the blood and hair on his pant legs.
Hunting. Iliff knitted his brow. Nothing large, I hope.
Dont worry, Troll said. Its small game. Hare, I think theyre called. The hoppy ones. I found a nest of em across the river. Theyre easy to catch. As easy as reaching inside a hole.
How did you get a fire going?
I found the tiniest ember in the ash. He showed his pinched thumb and forefinger. I was able to feed it. I built it up and up until it was big enough to warm us and cook over. It took a good part of the night.
Iliff had watched every ember burn out. He remembered his anguish. There had been nothing left in the ash. Nothing at all.
Well, things are certainly looking up Iliff fell silent for a moment and frowned. If we were to continue, do you think youd be able to catch more small game? Enough to keep us going?
I dont know. Its getting colder. The ice that fell last night is probably going to get heavier. I dont think we should go on for now. Too dangerous.
Iliff was silent.
We can build a shelter here and keep the fire going, Troll added. I know where I can find more hare, and theres a pool where big fish swim. What we dont eat, we can smoke and save for when its good to travel again.
Iliff looked around. He did not much like the idea of staying put, but it did seem the most sensible plan for the time being.
Yes, all right, he said at last. We can build here. Its clear and mostly flat.
Troll shook his head. No, farther back. Were too close to the river, too out in the open. We need some trees to break up the wind. Maybe over there. He indicated the forest.
Though Trolls tone did not challenge, Iliff tensed as if it had. What did he think he was doing? thought Iliff. Troll had already broken his first two rules, had lied to him about the fire. And now he presumed to make decisions for them?
He saved your life, he reminded himself.
Iliff conceded. He nodded his assent to Trolls plan and watched as his companion stood and ambled toward the forest. He was only looking out for them, Iliff thought, only acting on his instinct for survival. Certainly there was nothing wrong with that. Not under the circumstances.
Youre limping, Iliff called.
Hmm? Troll reached around and felt the mat of dried blood on his trousers. Mustve gotten stuck by a branch last night.
Come here, lets have a look.
Troll waved him away. No, no. It looks worse than it feels. Were bad to bleed, trolls. Its stopped bleeding anyway. Nothing to bother over.

* * *

Troll had lain beneath the mans crushing weight, his breath, his awareness, his very will forced from him. He had submitted and been smothered under darkness. But he did not die. The pressure sparked something in the pit of his stomach, some combustible vitality, like fire, that swelled his chest and lungs and stormed up his throat to emerge as a blasting roar.
Troll heaved the man aside and sprang to his feet. He gnashed his teeth and lunged for him. The man rolled aside and put the fire between them. He crouched low and held out his stone blade, the thick tawny skins that draped him skirting the ground. The two circled the flames. Each matched the other step for step until after a time it could no longer be told who was pursuing and who was retreating.
The man pressed the back of his hand to his bleeding mouth. What is it you really want? His voice was low and cautious. Why do you stalk my camp?
I told you, Troll growled. I came for food and fire. I didnt know you were here. He winced as he reached for the shaft in his leg.
Dont pull it, the man said. That kind of arrow is made to plunge deep and remain embedded. Here, let me help you. The man sheathed his knife at his rawhide belt and stepped around the fire. Go on, lower your hand. Im not going to harm you.
Troll eyed the man. There was something in his manner that made Troll want to trust him. He was so sturdy, so assured. Troll grunted and let his arm fall. He turned to expose the injury and fought the urge to flinch as the man knelt and touched the arrow.

Yes, it will have to be withdrawn in a perfect line along its shaft. It will tear the flesh otherwise. Now hold still a moment. Troll felt the mans bracing grip just above the inside of his knee. And then, without warning, came a red burst of pain followed by a rust-colored seething. There! the man said. Its out.
Troll reached back. Blood warmed his fingers and spilled the length of his leg. The man took something from the pouch at his waist, something brown and fibrous. He bit off a piece and began to chew. He removed it shortly, inspected the moist cud he had made, and pressed it deep inside the wound. Trolls open flesh clamored for a moment, then quieted.
That will staunch the bleeding, the man said. And help you to heal.
Troll grunted.
So its food and fire you want. The man gathered his bow and quiver. All right, but what have you been doing for food until now? For warmth?
Troll told him that they had emerged into the world only a few months before and that there had been plenty of food in the forest until their recent change in fortunes. And now were freezing and starving, he said. And Im to blame, Im afraid.
You? The man laughed and squatted by the fire. He shoved in several branches. Your only fault, you and your companion, is your ignorance. You dont know about the seasons. Theres a cycle to this place. Plants are plentiful in the summer, but not in the winter. Now you must hunt. Your survival depends on it.
Ive wanted to hunt, but my companion forbids it.
Forbids it?
He made up rules. Three of them. Troll ticked them off, feeling a pang of guilt with each one, as if he were betraying Iliff somehow. But when the mans face tensed in irritation, he forgot his guilt.
What a companion! the man said. Does he wish death on you both? No use for people. Ask him how he would ever have learned to forage if the woman hadnt shown him. Ha! No hunting, no wandering. What does he allow you to do?
Troll told him of the sack he carried, though not that it was full of gold treasures.
You? A beast of burden? He laughed and shook his head. That is like taking a great spear and plunging it into the dirt and calling it a post. A shame he doesnt see this. All right then, lets get you some food.
The man stood and shouldered the bow and quiver. He headed into the trees. Troll followed close behind.
Step where I step, the man said. I have many traps about.
They arrived shortly in an area thick with trees, but from where the fire could still be seen. What Troll at first mistook for a deadfall turned out to be a primitive lean-to. Several skins were laid out beneath, and stored along the inside walls were tools and hunting implements. The man bent down to place his bow and quiver inside.
Do you live here? Troll asked.
Im a hunter. I go wherever theres game.
What do you catch?
In this place? Some fish, but mostly hare. Their holes are everywhere. You should have seen some on your way to my fire.
Troll was disappointed with himself that he hadnt. He looked around the mans rugged encampment and felt something like longing.
The hare feed on a sweet grass that grows here in the summer, the man went on. In the winter they eat the bark off the saplings. Theyre easily caught with traps and smoke.
The hunter moved to a tree, untied a cord from the trunk, and fed it out. Troll followed the cord with his gaze, up and over a high branch from which something descended in a slow spin. When it was within reach, the hunter grabbed it and cut the end of the cord. It was a bundle of long-eared animals.
Cmon, he said, Ill show you how to clean them.

* * *

They sat near the lean-to and worked in the dark. The hunter gave Troll a knife, which he handled clumsily before becoming accustomed to its grip and motion. The hunter showed where to cut and how to pull the skin, remove the innards, and separate the parts. The hunter sharpened several sticks and demonstrated how to skewer the meat so it would not fall into the fire.
As Troll worked, thick tongue clamped in the corner of his mouth, he anticipated his return to camp, where he would at last have the chance to feed and succor Iliff, to prove himself a worthy companion. At the same time, he did not want to leave the hunters company. Not yet.
Why is your fire so far from your camp?
The hunter looked toward the clearing and then away. His beard gathered around his darkening features. Im being pursued. Hunted.
What hunts you? Troll asked in alarm.
Theres old enmity here between the hunters of the forest and those that claim to be its stewards. One of their number stalks me.
Are you safe here?
For now. He looked sidelong at Troll. Though when I saw you creeping from the river, I thought for a moment that Id been found.
He gathered the spits and handed them to Troll. Heres your food, he said. And now you may borrow of my fire. My bow and quiver will remain safely stowed this time, I promise you.
Troll slumped his shoulders as he took the spits and mumbled his thanks. He stood looking at the man for a moment longer before turning toward the fire. After a few steps he spun about. The man, who had begun cleaning his knife, raised his eyebrows.
What more can you teach me? Troll blurted. About hunting and trapping and and preparing food. Troll looked at the shelter. About building one of these. Please, I learn quickly. I want to stay in the forest. I want to live like you.
The hunter looked amused for a moment, then became serious. I can teach you these things. But we must meet at night and in secret. No one and nothing can know where I am. Not even your companion.
Troll nodded.
Theres a chance Ill be found here. His face became grave. If that happens while Im teaching you, I will expect your help.
Troll had not stopped nodding. Yes, yes, I swear it. At that moment, he would have done anything for him.
The hunter took his knife and drew the blade across his own hand, opening a dark red line. He signaled for Troll to do the same, which he did. The hunter grasped Trolls hand firmly so their blood could mingle. Troll felt the fire in his stomach surge forth again, fed now by the hunters vitality.
There, the hunter said. Ill wait for you here tomorrow night.
Troll retraced their path to the fire. As he approached the river, a glowing bough in one hand and the meat-laden spits in the other, an icy rain began to fall. Troll looked up and watched the pellets cut through the plume of his breath. He listened to them batter the littered earth. Poised between the hunters camp and his own, Troll thought it good that the icy rain should fall. It would be easier to impress on Iliff the need to stay put for a while.




Chapter 21


For their shelter, Iliff and Troll chose a small clearing hemmed by a thick stand of trees. The winds were tamer here than along the river, and though they could not see the river, they could hear its faint rushing.
Troll wanted to build a lean-to, but Iliff convinced him that a full enclosure was better for keeping out the wind and elements and protecting the fire. They carried coals from their former camp and sustained their new fire pit with logs that burned slowly and split and spilled finally into fresh beds of embers.
The shelter rose over the course of several days. They made many trips into the forest, Troll for young trees, and Iliff for a plant whose stalks could be opened and the stringy insides braided into lashing. Troll stripped and shaped the saplings into long poles and drove them deep in the earth around the fire pit. Iliff lashed the poles into a dome-shaped frame. It was large enough for Iliff to stand inside and Troll to squat, and to store their few possessions.
Covering the frame with thatching took another few days. They found a meadow where long, dry grasses bent and shivered in the wind. Troll tore up the grasses in fistfuls and bundled them into bales, which he hauled back to the camp. Iliff lashed the grasses to the frame. He began at the bottom and with Trolls help worked his way to the top of the dome, lapping each new layer over the one beneath. They left a small opening at the very top for smoke to escape.
When they were done they went inside and built up the fire. The winds howled and raked the shelter but did not enter. Their space was warm and still. The dried grasses emitted a sweet fragrance.
Home. Iliff smiled. For now, anyway.
Troll nodded and went about preparing the fish he had brought back the night before.
Iliff reclined on his bag. For the first time he welcomed his weariness. Indeed, the past days had been good. The food and fire had restored his constitution; the labor had turned his mind from fear and doubt. He had even begun to believe that they were not lost or being pushed back. After all, they had food now and shelter. They would sit out the season and move again when the weather warmed. They would continue on their quest.
He could not have done it without Troll. Iliff watched his companion work his stone knife along the inside of the fish and open them into halves. He seemed so different a creature now than he had just days before: larger, stronger, in nearly every way more capable. He hunted each night, always returning with catch or kill that was more than enough for the following day. He cleaned and cooked what they ate. Smoked and dried what they meant to save.
But Iliff was also confused. He remembered Trolls early failures at hunting. What had happened? What had changed? Iliff could only guess that necessity had awakened these abilities in him, somehow.
He smiled ruefully as Troll set the filets over the fire. He recalled how he had treated Troll in the last months, denying him even the smallest freedoms, the least dignity. No wonder his companion had been so miserable. His recent easing of the hunting and wandering rules had seen a profound change in Trolls mood. He had not grumbled once while they built their shelter. He worked diligently, his every utterance positive and constructive. Iliff even caught him humming to himself a few times, his tenor uncertain but spirited.
Iliff chuckled now. Yes, they were going to be all right out here.

* * *

Troll waited until Iliff fell asleep each night before leaving their camp. He would creep to the boulders along the bank, stop and listen back, then cross the river to the hunters camp.
The camp was well hidden, and on the first night Troll could not find it. The fire that had burned the night before was nowhere to be seen. He sniffed the air but was unable to pick up the hunters musk. Too much wind. He had begun to despair when a voice hailed him. He turned to find the hunter kneeling beside a tree he had passed only moments before.
Ha! Troll cried. There you are!
The hunter signaled for silence and returned his attention to the ground where he appeared to be working on something. Troll stepped up, wondering how he had failed to spot him there.
The hunter spoke in a low voice. Theres more to hunting than chasing and killing. Youre well suited for both, but youll starve if thats all you can do.
The hunter was kneeling beside a hole at the base of the tree. A hares hole, Troll guessed. He finished sharpening one end of a small stick to which he now tied a length of cord. The other end of the cord was knotted to a pole on the ground, levered at its middle and far end by pegs in the earth. The hunter pulled the cord and forced the pole into a bow. He then pushed the sharpened stick into the ground, just deep enough to hold the tension. The cord stretched across the mouth of the hole.
The animals you will hunt are adept at surviving. Theyll be aware of your presence before you are of theirs, and theyll flee and hide. If you pursue them outright, youll only waste energy.
Troll remembered his first attempts at hunting with some embarrassment.
A hares burrow is always two holes, never one. Do you know why? Troll shook his head So it cant be trapped. If it senses danger from one hole, it flees out the other. You can almost always count on a hare to do this. And theres your advantage.
Close to the cord on the bowed pole, the hunter tied a second cord. He knotted its other end to a thick stick. He had Troll lift a slab of rock and position it on edge, just beside the hole. The hunter set the stick at an angle beneath the slab, and had Troll lower it until it was propped against the stick. He adjusted the tension on the cord and backed away.
There, he said. The trap is set. The hare escapes by this hole and trips this line here. The hunter used the tip of his knife to trace the taut cord to the small stick in the ground. That throws the pin, which releases the spring stickhe indicated the bowed polewhich pulls away the support, which sends the stone crashing.
Troll stood and looked over the contraption. What at first had appeared nonsensicalsticks and cords and a stonebegan to come together. Now he could see how the trap worked. Yes, that does that, which does that, and then that.
Come, the hunter whispered. He led them a short distance to another tree with another hole at its base. The two crouched beside it. Remember to never pursue the hare outright, it will only flee. You must make it believe its in danger and have your trap ready at the only place it can flee to.
Troll nodded.
Now go on, the hunter said. Give it a fright.
Troll lowered his head to the dark opening. The warm scent of hare made his head swim. He roared into the hole, his breath hammering the still air. A second later the slab crunched to the ground. Troll rushed back to the trap. Only the head of the hare, with its large, startled eyes, had made it beyond the stone. The hunter lifted the slab and pulled out the fresh kill. He held it up for Troll to see. It was a large one.
They spent the rest of the night setting traps. It was slow, precise work, but bit by bit Troll got the hang of it. He learned to fashion his own pin, pegs and spring stick, learned to set the trigger, fix the tension, and position the slab over the support stick. Just before dawn Troll had his first kill. He bounced on his toes and beamed at the hunter, who nodded.
Youll be a fine hunter, he said. Tomorrow night we fish.
They divided their catch of hares, and Troll returned to camp to clean and cook his share before Iliff awoke.
The next night the hunter led Troll upstream to where the river fell into a deep pool. He showed him how to build a trap on the edge of the water using thin interlacing sticks. The sticks were angled to allow fish to wriggle into an enclosure, but not to escape. They baited the trap with hare intestines and came back before dawn to find several large fish thrashing inside.
Troll returned to camp with the catch, which he cleaned and cooked just as the hunter had taught.
On the nights that followed, the hunter showed Troll how to trap birds and other game using a variation of the hare trap, with bits of meat lashed to the trigger pin for bait. He showed him how to use fire and smoke to flush small game into the open. By the time Troll and Iliffs shelter was completed, Troll could do all of these things on his own. He brought back more and more food.
You have the skills to hunt and survive, the hunter told him one night, but you still dont know how to fight. I could have finished you easily that first night.
And so the hunter began to devote the hours between setting the evenings traps and collecting the mornings spoils to training Troll in combat. He showed him how to escape the hold of teeth and claws, how to use an opponents momentum against it, how to exploit its most vulnerable partsits eyes, its throat, its viscera. He taught him to exhaust an opponents vitality and finish it off.
Each night the hunter pushed Troll harder and, it seemed to Troll, more cruelly. Face me! the hunter would shout when Troll was panting and doubled over with exertion. Your opponents not going to allow you a rest! And in this manner, Troll became stronger and more agile. More deadly.
One night, after Troll had succeeded in pinning him several times, the hunter laughed and clapped his back. Good, very good. Now wait here. Ive got something for you back at my camp.
He returned with what looked like a long stick. I dont envy the animal that engages you in close, he said. But its the weapon that sets the hunter apart. He handed the stick to Troll. This is yours.
It was straight and solid with a sharp, serrated stone head. Troll held it to his shoulder and tested its weight. He had never owned a weapon before.
Its called a spear, the hunter said. Now let me show you how to use it.




Chapter 22


With the shelter completed and Troll providing their food, Iliff found that there was little to do. After breakfast each morning he would step out of their shelter to find the landscape as gray and wind-torn as ever. It was hard to imagine the place bursting into colorful life again, of ushering them along as it had before. But he had the time and resources now to wait and hope, so that is what he did.
Iliff passed the few hours of daylight adding thatching to the shelter and making small repairs. Sometimes he took short walks, his boots crunching over dried litter and the remnants of frozen rain. He weaved in and out of the skeletal trees like the winds that rushed past him.
He longed to be moving again, to have a destination. At times he envied his companion, especially when he recounted all he had seen and accomplished the night before. It seemed odd to Iliff that he should envy such a creature, but his companion had a purpose now. He too had a purpose, yes, but his was more an idea. Troll had been right about that, he thought. For what he sought could not be caught and held. He could not even see it. It was not a thing against which his abilities could be measured or that could give him a definite sense of where he stood. He had no idea where he stood, and that was what made him so anxious to continue.
How much longer is the season? Iliff asked one night after dinner.
I dont know. I think were still in the middle of it.
How do you know?
Troll said nothing.
Will you tell me when you do know?
Troll grunted and nodded.
Because theres no sense in settling in if were going to pick up and move shortly.
Iliff looked beyond Troll to the primitive shelves his companion had put up, crowded now with carved sticks and bones, lengths of cordage, sheets of stitched animal skins, and containers of all shapes and sizes. He watched Troll paw through them.
Where are you getting all of these things? Iliff asked.
I made them.
Yes, but where did you learn to make them? Certainly not in the mines.
Troll shrugged his shoulders. His black tangles of hair hid the side of his face. Something about his posture recalled in Iliffs mind the morning he had confronted him over the heartsick woman.
Is there something you want to tell me? Iliff asked.
Troll looked over his shoulder. What do you mean?
Iliff opened his mouth, but the bluntness of Trolls tone and visage made him hesitate. I dont know, it just all seems so I mean, what would you think if suddenly I were able to hunt and trap and dress my kill, never having done these things before?
I wouldnt think anything, Troll grumbled. Id be grateful I was being fed.
You know what I mean.
Yeah, you dont trust me.
No, its not that I dont trust you
Then why are you asking all these questions?
Its just were here because we have to be. Until the season changes. I want to make sure that were not doing anything thats going to keep us here. Do you understand?
Troll might have nodded, but his head was turned away again.
Iliffs face became hot. This easing of the hunting and wandering rules is only temporary. Remember that. He tried to project his voice but it came out sounding thin and strained. And theres still the restriction on large animals.
Troll took a few items from the shelves and put them into the bag that he went out with each night.
Do you hear me?
Troll shouldered the bag and moved past him. Ill be back by morning.
There was a sudden inrush of cold air as Troll went through the door. Iliff could hear his ponderous footfalls and then only the wind against the shelter. After listening for a moment longer, Iliff left his bedding and stole to Trolls side of the shelter.
He had never really looked at the items on the shelves, not closely anyway. He picked up a knife and examined its stone blade. It appeared to have been crudely chipped to an edge then sharpened against another stone. He set it down and picked up a piece of cordage and ran it through his hand. Now this would have required more dexterity to make, he thought. It consisted of strips of dried animal skin, braided just as he had braided the plant fibers to make lashing for their shelter. It was possible that Troll had learned the skill by watching him, but his fingers were too broad and blunt. The same questions arose when Iliff considered the stitching that fashioned their bedding. He examined the other tools and containers. One of the containers held small animal bones. Iliff became apprehensive as he looked through them. There was so little he understood of his companion anymore. He put everything back as it had been and withdrew to his side of the shelter. He stoked the fire, then crawled into his bedding and tried to rest.
But he could not stop wondering about the items on the shelves.

* * *

In the days that followed, an uncomfortable tension settled inside the shelter, as if a line of brambles had grown between the two sides. Iliff noticed that Troll left the shelter earlier and stayed away longer, often until after first light. When Troll returned, he prepared their breakfast with hardly a word and then drew in his towering knees, as though to barricade himself from anything Iliff might have to say. In the late afternoon, he awakened edgy and restless. He was rough with the fire and just as rough with their food. Iliff learned not to inquire into his doings or to say anything more about the rules. But still he watched his companion.

* * *

One evening Iliff emerged from the shelter with several lengths of lashing in hand. Icy rain had fallen most of the day, and he feared it had damaged the thatching. He looked toward the river, but Troll, who had left the shelter shortly before him, was already gone from sight. Iliff turned back and walked a slow circle around the shelter. Some outer thatching had indeed fallen away, and he stopped at intervals to tie it back.
On the far side of the shelter, he noticed something peeking out where the thick sweep of thatching met the ground. He knelt and pulled forth a long carved stick with a stone blade bound to one end.
Iliff brought it closer. The blade was like the stone blade of the knife, except this one had twin notches at the base. The notches were cleanly chiseled, and beneath them the stone fluted out in near-perfect symmetry. Iliff was just beginning to stand when he heard footfalls behind him.
Iliff turned and beheld Trolls hulking figure. He backed up a step.
What are you doing? Troll said.
Iliff stood in silence, the heavy weapon in his upturned hands as though in offering. Troll took it from him.
What is it? Iliff said.
A spear. I forgot it. Troll turned to leave.
But you didnt make it, did you.
Troll stopped.
I know you didnt make it.
His own words sounded far away to him. He could hardly believe the challenge in them, and as he watched Trolls massive, swelling back, he feared the consequences of them. His heart thumped against his chest wall. But when Troll turned, Iliff saw he was stooped forward a bit, his brow downcast.
I found it at an old camp across the river, he muttered. No one there now.
All right, Iliff said. He exhaled slowly through his nostrils. Yes, all right.

* * *

Iliff opened his eyes in the night, not sure that he was awake. Sodden sleep clung to his thoughts and clouded the space around him. He looked to the pit where embers sighed and smoldered. Troll was still away. Iliff rolled over in his bedding and was preparing to let his eyes fall closed when he heard a voice beneath the moaning winds.
Your companion keeps dangerous company. Move from here, Seeker of the Sun. Before it is too late.
Iliff sat up and strained to listen. The voice said nothing more, but he thought he heard the retreat of a sharp tread. He dressed and pushed a torch into the coals until it flared. The wind outside the shelter ripped at the flame. He held his cloak to his throat and peered into the night. At the edge of the trees, he saw the briefest eye shine, as if something had glanced back before turning and striding off.
Cold, and unsure of what he had heard, Iliff stooped to go back inside.
But then he considered the message. What company could Troll possibly be keeping? The heartsick woman was far behind them. They had not encountered anyone since. Troll had not said anything of people out here. But there was his sudden adeptness at hunting, at building weapons and tools, at constructing the shelter and making fire. And what of Trolls eagerness to leave each night? What of his exhaustion upon returning each morning?
Iliff recalled the spear with the perfect stone blade hidden beneath the shelter. I found it at an old camp across the river. He had been too shaken at the time, but now he heard the shame in Trolls voice.
Iliff pulled up the hood of his cloak and headed to the river. He climbed down the boulders to the waters edge. The river leapt and crashed, but he had to cross, had to learn where Troll went at night.
He stepped into the shallows and waded forth. The frigid water burned to his knees, his thighs, his waist. The current heaved him around and tried to suck his legs from under him. When Iliff shot his arms out for balance, the winds snatched away his flame. He fought his way through the water and dark. He emerged somehow and crawled up the far bank, dripping and shivering, and crouched behind a boulder.
His eyes were no longer so accustomed to night, and when he peered around the boulder, the trees appeared only as looming shadows. He got up and crept past them. Fearful of becoming lost, he moved in as straight a line from the river as he could. He stopped on occasion to listen, but the winds and thrashing litter obliterated all other sound.
Before long Iliff was shaking inside his wet garments, his thoughts becoming foggy. He peered back the way he had come. It was folly to continue, he knew. If he did not get back to the fire, he would become stricken, or worse. But as he stood there, the icy winds buffeting him, he heard a cluster of sounds. Iliff tried to still his chattering jaw long enough to make them out. There were muffled grunts, thuds, bursts of shoutingthe sounds of struggle!
Adrenaline inflamed Iliffs blood. He rushed toward the commotion.
Soon he could make out Trolls exclamations and those of another, low and harsh. Iliff could not tell who might be prevailing. Branches were breaking now, the ground concussing. Iliff clenched the thick bough that had been his torch.
When a narrow sightline opened among the trees, he paused to take in the fragmented motion of two giants. He watched them circle and grapple and fall hard to the earth. He listened to them struggle over the ground. He held up his bough and crept forward, hoping to catch Trolls foe by surprise.
When the commotion stopped suddenly, a stand of trees blocked Iliffs view. Was he too late?
He crawled to one side and looked again. They were still there, but who was victor and who conquered? The two stood facing each other now. Though Iliff could not make out their words, he did not have to. For in the next moment, the smaller one placed his hand on the shoulder of the larger, prompting deep, stone-filled laughter.




Chapter 23


Iliff was waiting when Troll pushed his way inside the shelter. Troll set the nights catch beside the fire and prodded the coals. Iliff opened his mouth, but there was nothing to carry forth his words. He had returned to the shelter in a cold fever and wrapped himself in his bedding. Wrathful thoughts turned despondent turned wrathful again. By morning his insides felt hollow, the rest of him weak.
We saw you last night, Troll said. Youre angry, I know.
Who is he? Iliff said at last. It hurt his throat to speak.
Hes a hunter.
A hunter.
He watched Troll sort through the implements for cleaning and cooking the fish. The indifference of his posture and movements recalled Iliffs fury. He pushed off his bedding and sat up.
I told youlook at meI told you no contact with people. Ever have I reminded you. And what do you do? You go off and befriend one and then speak nothing of it?
Hes the reason were still alive.
There were rules.
Troll dumped a handful of sticks into the fire pit.
Did you hear me? Iliff said. Theres a right way and a wrong way to make this journey, to go where were going. Dont you see that? Dont you see how hard Im trying to do this the right way? And you do whatever enters your head in the moment, with no consideration at all for what Im trying to do. For whats right.
Whats right? Letting us die out here?
No, but I He tensed his jaw. I am grateful to you. Yes, you are the reason were still here. But that crisis is past. We have to look ahead. We cannot lose ourselves out here. Ive told you that.
Troll looked up at him. But what if there is nowhere else?
Nowhere else?
We still havent seen any Sun.
Iliff plunged his head into his hands. Why cant you understand? he moaned. I tell you and I tell you and still you cannot understand. What have I said about strength and and steadfastness?
But whats wrong about this place? Whats wrong about people?
The Sun can only be seen by those who seek it. Not by those who get muddled down in places such as this. He curled over his bedding. The Sun is not going to reveal itself to those.
How do you know?
Iliff was too weary to answer. He shook his head.
Look here, Troll said. We needed food and we got it. We needed meat and fire and we got that too.
Yes, but theres a price. His voice sounded as diminished as he felt. Euclid helped me and I became lost in the mines. The heartsick woman helped us and I nearly lost you. The hunter helps you now and Stag tells me were in danger because of it.
Troll jerked from his crouch, dropping the knife. Iliff pressed himself upright.
Yes, he came last night, while you were away. He said we have to leave here. And that is exactly
But Troll was already pushing his way past Iliff, pushing his way out of the shelter. Iliff scrambled after him into the wind and cold. He leapt and grabbed one of Trolls legs as he stooped for his spear.
Dont do it! Iliff shouted. Or youre never to come back!
Troll looked down.
Do you hear me? This will be it! This will be the end of us!
The ridges of Trolls face softened for a moment before turning to stone again. He shook himself from Iliffs hold and ran toward the river. Iliff sprawled onto the litter and watched Troll power through the trees and descend from sight.

* * *

The hunter stood beside his shelter, brow furrowed. If the stag knows Im here, then my pursuer knows as well. Ive heard movements these past nights, but I didnt think He snorted and shook his head. She didnt count on seeing you with me. Thats why shes yet to act. Shes waiting to catch me alone.
She? Troll said.
Probably hiding nearby. Until we learn where, she holds the advantage.
A female?
Mm.
But we I thought they were not to be hunted.
The hunter looked at Troll in irritation. Whats that? Another one of your companions rules?
Troll began to speak but clamped his mouth shut and shook his head.
They began their search of the forest. The hunter carried his bow and Troll his spear. They started at the camp and moved out in larger circles, their progress slow and wary. Troll imagined a crouching creature behind every tree.
Late that day they built a second camp far from the first and spent the night there, keeping watch in shifts. They had left most of the hunters possession at the first camp so it would appear to be still in use, and set several traps there using sharp timbers and giant stones. At the least they will cripple her, the hunter said.
The night passed without incident, and the following days. Their searches turned up nothing. It was as if the creature were a phantom on the wind, circling, circling, but without substance. Troll sensed the hunters frustration in his lengthening silences. He wondered what kind of creature could make the hunter worry so. He imagined one with many arms and legs and many eyes and many sets of sharp teeth. The image frightened Troll and he kept his spear at hand at all times, even when he slept, for the creature appeared in his mind even then.
And then one day there was a sign, a faint set of tracks near the first camp. The distance between each one was tremendous. The tracks circled the camp, before disappearing.
Shes avoided all my traps, the hunter said. But look here! She stepped on one of the pins Id cast off.
Troll took the sharpened stick from the hunter. Thick hairs clung to a black clot of blood. The blunt end of the pin was crushed, as if a powerful jaw had pulled it out. Troll bent low. Inside each successive track he found a point of the same blood. He could smell its potency. The tracks disappeared beyond the encampment, but the scent remained. It stained the earth.
They followed the blood scent with weapons at the ready. It led them around the camp and toward the river, then upstream along the riverbank to the pool where they caught their fish.
The traps! Troll whispered. Theyre gone.
The hunter grunted and pointed to the shallows where clusters of plaited sticks eddied around the rocks.
The scent continued upstream before leaving the river and returning to the forest. It veered here and there to where they had left game traps, all of them ravaged now and in pieces. The scent skirted a meadow and then plunged into a deep wood. The hunter and Troll had not searched this area. The trees before them stood tall and thick and the floor lay under a shadow of deepest gray. They followed the scent inside, their steps as quiet as their breaths.
The wind whined and the trees creaked and clattered. Troll jerked his nose from the ground to peer around. He had never felt so uneasy. They arrived at a clearing dominated by a deadfall, a mountain of toppled trees and branches and ragged gray leaves. Broken trunks leaned over one another to create a dark entrance. From deep inside emanated a low, wet odor.
The hunter signaled for Troll to stay hidden and crept a wide circle around the deadfall. He returned to Troll, and they backed away, step after cautious step, until they were outside the deep forest.
Shes there, the hunter said as he exhaled. Im sure of it. Sleeping, most likely. Waiting for nightfall.

* * *

Across the river, Iliff lay bundled inside his bedding, his space dimming and cold. He listened to the winds throw themselves against the shelter. He had lost the fire some nights before, had fallen into deep, troubled sleep and awoken to an even deeper dark. The fire pit was black, and the flint and metal gave him nothing.
Twelve days Troll had been gone. Twelve awful days. Early on he had expected his companion to return soundlessly, head hung and penitent. But that was the old Troll. Each day he stayed away shone harsher light on how much he had changed. On most of those days Iliff made his way to the river and wandered along the bank. He looked into the far trees and listened, but there was only the wind and rushing water. The few times he called out, his voice was consumed by their sounds.
Iliff sighed through his bedding. Troll was not coming back. Troll no longer needed him. Iliff wished the same sovereignty for himself, but lacking fire, the smoked rations dwindling
He gripped his arm in chastisement. Just listen to yourself! Listen to what youre saying. What about strength? What about steadfastness?
It was true. He had preached these virtues to Troll and now he had to exercise them himself. He was a Seeker, after all. However harsh the air, however strong a wind it wielded, he had to trust in the journey and that the Sun would provide for him. There was no other way forward.
In the darkness, he beheld the emptiness beyond the fire pit. He shook and buried himself deeper inside his bedding. He regretted his parting words more than ever. This will be it! This will be the end of us! Troll had not deserved them. From the moment Troll had snatched him up in the mines until he had shaken him off outside their shelter, the creature had done his best to look out for him. That he could not understand certain things was not his fault. Iliff recalled their camaraderie during those first days out in the world. He should have been more patient with him, should have taken more time to teach him. And now he would never see his friend again.
Iliff wiped his eyes. Tomorrow he would leave. Yes, tomorrow he would venture on.

* * *

The hunter and Troll returned to their camp after dusk. They had retrieved game from the few traps that were still standing. Not daring to light a cooking fire, they cleaned the meat in the dark and ate it raw.
The advantage is ours, the hunter said when they had finished. The shelter has only one way in and one way out. I made sure of it. And the trees are long dead. Theyll light easily. He knelt among his things and pulled out a hollow horn. This holds a special resin. Fires Friend, I call it. Careful now.
Troll sniffed over the yellow powder and wrinkled his nose.
It makes fires burn higher and brighter. Her shelter will be overcome in an instant. She wont have time to think, so shell fall back on her instincts. When she tries to escape, well be waiting at the only place she can escape to. Shell be trapped then. Finished.
Troll recalled Iliffs warning. It was forbidden: a large animal, and a female, besides.
Im already imperiled, the hunter said when Troll spoke his concern. I hunt large game in the summers. Youre surprised? I told you I come from a line of hunters. Its the only thing I know.
You could flee, Troll offered. Get far away from here.
While I hold the advantage? He laughed and shook his head. Besides, shed only hunt me again. Shes cleverer than I gave her credit for. No, she must be finished here and now.
Troll thought about it. Will I be hunted too?
So long as you remain in the forest, he said. So long as you trap and hunt. Yes, youll become hunted. Its the way of this place. If you truly want to stay here, to become master over the lower creatures, youll have to face it sooner or later. You might as well do so now.
Anguish descended in Troll like a giant stone. Would there be rules and death wherever he went? He pressed his head into his hands, wishing to be away from all of this. Upon this thought, the white flame that Iliff had created from his pouch rose before his closed eyes. Troll flinched back and then stooped forward as if to pick up a log before remembering himself. Whether he had meant the log to smother the flame or build it up, he could not tell. The flame did not swell or diminish. It just hovered in his mind, somewhere between his fear and his fascination.
Our fate is common in the matter besides, the hunter said. The white flame vanished. Were bonded by our blood. Dont forget that.
The hunters words sunk in slowly. Troll opened his palm and held it beneath his gaze. He studied the thin scar that showed faintly beneath the grime of the forest and the blood of their meal. The hunter was right. They had made a pact.
We ambush her tomorrow, the hunter said.
Troll looked up at the hunters severe eyes and nodded.




Chapter 24


They set out early in the morning. The hunter led them on a route that would circle the deep forest and approach the deadfall from the rear. If she sees us, he said, our advantage will be lost. All our preparation will have been for nothing.
They had planned and practiced their assault through the night. At first light the hunter had dressed for battle. He donned a thick leather shirt to protect his torso. At his belt he sheathed his long knife and hung the horn of Fires Friend. He secured a pouch with a small fireboard and wood drill.
Remember what Ive taught you, he said as he drew the cords around the skins on his legs. Suppress your fears. Fear is for lesser creatures. Be efficient in your combat lest you exhaust your energies. When you strike, strike directly. Strike to finish. He stood and clapped Troll on the shoulders with both hands and held them there. Youre a hunter now.
Troll lifted his chin and nodded.
The hunter fit his bow with a long arrow and led the way. Troll held his spear to his shoulder and watched the forest in every direction. Their way pitted them against the winds and their progress was slow. At times they had to shout to hear each other. The hunter remarked that it was a sign the season was ending.
They arrived at the deep forest almost two hours after setting out. The deadfall rose suddenly. To Troll it appeared larger and more foreboding than the day before, but this was because the collapse of trees was steeper at its rear. The dark logs climbed over one another and reached overhead, shielding the piles of gray leaves that rattled in their crooks. Troll sniffed. The same wet air seeped from beneath the leaves as had emanated from the entrance the day before.
The hunter looked at Troll and nodded. Troll moved to the side to stand guard. The hunter shouldered his bow and crept forward. He poured some powdered resin from the horn into his hand and tossed it away; a yellow cloud swept over the deadfall. Troll cringed, but the resin was so finely ground that its impact was soundless. The hunter repeated this from several angles. Wiping his hands clean, he pulled out his fireboard and wood drill and knelt to the ground.
Troll watched, his heart striking his chest like an axe into stone. He peered about, certain that the creature had been alerted somehow, certain that she would emerge before the trap was set. He braced for the moment that she would descend on them like a sudden storm.
But soon smoke scattered from where the hunter knelt. He signaled to Troll who eased through the trees to the front of the deadfall. Troll found a place with a view of the opening but off to the side, as they had planned. Upon setting fire to the deadfall, the hunter would arrive from the other side and position himself opposite Troll.
At the first sign of her, launch your spear, the hunter had said. Throw it hard and to this height. He indicated the level of his neck. Ill release my arrows. If the ambush doesnt kill her, it will surely cripple her. We can finish her in close.
Troll peeked from behind a tree to see yellow smoke come tumbling over the deadfall. He could feel its heat as the smoke whispered past, now thicker and whiter. Soon there were sharp snaps and the flash of flames.
Troll stepped away from the tree to have a clearer shot at the opening. He watched tensely, but as the smoke billowed down, the deadfall became harder to see. The dark opening streamed in and out of view. Troll squinted and waved the smoke from his eyes. He drew his spear further back and ventured a quick glance to the side. Smoke had washed out the expanse of trees, and he could not see whether the hunter was in position.
Troll looked back to the deadfall. The opening became visible for a moment before disappearing again. Still no movement. The muscles in his shoulder began to ache; the stone head of the spear quivered. Troll peeked again to the side, and when he looked back, smoke swirled deep inside the deadfalls dark opening. A shadow barreled forth. Troll heaved the spear with all of his strength.
He waited for a moment, then crept toward the deadfall in a low crouch, poised for a fight. Searing smoke enveloped him. Ashes and burning leaves streamed past. Suddenly the long shaft of his spear appeared from the smoke, as if the weapon were suspended mid-flight. Troll seized it and ran his hand down to where the head was buriedin dead wood.
He yanked the spear free and spun about. There was no sign of the creature. There was no sign of anything. Troll fought to think. He had to get to the hunter, had to get outside the smoke. But the fire was everywhere now. The wind blew it into trees and across the forest floor where new flames sprang to life.
Troll put the deadfall to his back and felt his way to where the hunter was supposed to be. He had only gone a few paces when the creature crashed into him, jarring the spear from his grasp. Trolls arms embraced thick hair and massive, churning muscles. He tried to twist her beneath him as they fell, but he could not get the leverage. She was too broad, too heavy, had come in too fast.
Troll landed hard on his back and was driven into the earth. He threw his forearm up just as her head came smashing in, her mouth seeking his throat. Wet blood darkened her snout, and he feared for the hunter. He strained against her neck, fought to draw his arm and knee in close. Her weight bore down. Humid breath blasted his face.
But Troll was no longer afraid. She was large and powerful, but she was not the dreadful creature he had imagined. She had only four legs and two eyes and one set of sharp teeth, and she had all of the vulnerable parts that the hunter had taught him to exploit.
He wedged his knee between them and, with a terrific roar, pressed the creature up and over. Her great mass thundered down behind. Troll leapt to his feet and spun to confront her. When she lunged this time, he was prepared. He stepped aside and swung his fist into the side of her head, knocking her behind a curtain of smoke. She lunged again, and again Troll stepped aside and pummeled her.
She did not reappear right away. Troll wheeled slowly, his body flexing. He sensed that she was circling as well. Shrouded in smoke, ringed by fire, their combat felt exclusive. Intimate.
When she charged again, Troll pivoted and caught her burly neck in the crook of his arm. He rode her to the ground. She snarled and struggled to twist her head free. Beneath her shaggy coat and sinew, Troll felt her windpipe rolling beneath his clench. He pressed his weight into her back and squeezed tighter. Her amber eyes rolled back.
It would be so easy to finish her now, Troll thought, to force the vitality from her. Just as the hunter had showed him.
But then Troll thought of Iliff. What would become of him?
He held tightly for a moment longer and then relented enough for her to draw a frothing breath. What would become of his journey to the very high place with the light?
He released his hold further. She bucked from his grasp and galloped off. Troll stood and watched the smoke swirl in her wake. He hoped she was gone for good. He hoped the battle was ended.
But it was not to be.
A low growl sounded off to Trolls right and there rose a dark shape. Troll spun to meet her, but she was no longer there. Before Troll could turn about, she descended from behind. She seized the place where his neck met his shoulder and drove him to his knees. Troll managed to catch himself before he could be pressed flat. He grimaced beneath her powerful bite and weight. He tried to lift an arm, but could not. He fought to twist her off, but she stepped around with her hind legs and bit more fiercely.
They remained like that for a long time, Troll doubled over, the creature clinching from behind, crushing him slowly. Troll roared. He could feel his vitality swelling inside, straining to get out, but there was nowhere for it to go.
His neck muscles began to throb in thick cords. His arms quivered then buckled. Troll collapsed forward onto one elbow, then the other. The creature shifted forward, concentrating her bulk over his upper back. Troll roared again, though with less force. The earth smoldered just inches away. With every breath, he took in more and more smoke. Tears sprang from the deep wells of his eyes. He refused to give in, refused to be crushed. He knew she was fighting the smoke and fire as well. If he could just hold out, she would have to release him.
Somewhere behind them, the deadfall groaned. Timbers coughed and fractured. To Troll, it sounded like pain. Everything was pain now. He opened his mouth to cry out, but the air clapped and the ground shook. A hot plume rushed over them. Troll felt his throat fill with ash, felt himself trying to retch it back out. The creature over him snarled and bit down. And then, with Trolls forehead pressed into the scorching earth, she was gone, simply gone, as if her giant body had been plucked away.
Troll lay there, every muscle burning. He pushed himself to his knees and sat back on his heels, eyes closed. At last he was able to cough weakly. In the open air, the place where she had bitten him stabbed. He reached to the wound and felt a slick mat of blood and saliva. Troll knew he needed to get out of the smoke. If she returned a third time, he would not be able to withstand her. She would destroy him.
He was struggling to stand when he heard someone call.
Troll opened his eyes. Though the air coiled and streamed with smoke, the densest wave had moved on. He could make out the shadow of the collapsed deadfall and the burning trees all around. A figure grew large through the haze. It wrapped an arm around Trolls torso and helped him to his feet. Troll blinked and waved at the smoke between them. The hunters thick shirt had been torn away. He was without his bow or his belt, and his other arm was blood-soaked. His bearded face showed grim and pale through the haze.
We must leave here, he shouted. I speared her through while she was on you, but still she moves. She charged me then disappeared. Shes not likely to hold out, but shes dangerous so long as theres breath in her.
The hunter pulled Troll against the wind. They made it past the burning deadfall and did not stop until they were beyond the smoke. Troll put his hands on his knees and panted in the fresh air.
What was she? he asked.
A bear. There are others, but none so powerful. The hunter began walking. Come, we need to make distance.
Troll turned to look at the fire. It swept away from them in a rage. Clouds of smoke and flames rose skyward as far as he could see.
The fire, Troll said.
Yes, the forest is dry, it will burn far. But hurry now, our path is this way.
Iliffs back there.
Youre a hunter now. Your place is here. Leave him.
Troll took one last look at the battered hunter, then lowered his head and lunged back inside the smoke. His legs trembled with returning strength. He hurtled forward, through pain and blinding ash and torches of trees. He had to make haste, get ahead of the flames, get to the river. He had to reach Iliff.
He ran and ran until the great bear appeared before him.

* * *

Iliff shouldered Salvatores bag and tested its weight. The spare clothes were in there, Trolls knife, a full skin of water, what remained of the food. He had packed the tinder pouch as well. It had not worked except the one time, but he supposed it would not add much weight to his load.
He had a harder decision with the trowel. He looked at the wooden handle and encrusted blade. Adramina had said he would not need it, but the tool was more familiar to him than any other. He looked at it a while longer and then made room in the bag.
He cinched his cloak and was preparing to step from the shelter when his eyes fell once more to the soiled sack of treasures. He wondered why he had brought them this far. What were they to him anymore?
He knelt and pulled them out: the chalice, the crown, the helmet and matching shield, the gold chest, the urn, and the scepter.
Perhaps I can take just one, he thought.
But even the least cumbersome would not fit inside his bag. He unwrapped the crown and placed it on his head. It was something he used to do in his room in the mines. He would imagine that he was the king of the mines and that all the tunnels and caverns, trolls and treasures were his. He laughed dryly now.
But as the crown settled above his ears, he found familiar comfort in its fit and weight. He was reaching up to feel the jewels when he smelled smoke.
He looked around the shelter and prodded the ashes with a stick. Nothing. He looked up through the opening in the dome. Was that fog? No, it was too late in the day.
Still wearing the crown and bearing his bag, he stepped outside. The winds that gusted past were hot and lined with ash. He looked toward the river and saw that the sky above the trees churned orange and brown.
What was this?
He stepped past the shelter and around a stand of trees. Was the change of seasons upon them? Was this how it happened? The sky appeared large and furious, capable of great destruction. The wind bellowed.
But it was not the wind Iliff heard. Something huge and hirsute rose from the riverbank in the middle distance. Iliff gave a cry as he stumbled backward. But a moment later Troll appeared beneath the thing, for it was borne upon his back. Iliff watched his companion fighting for each step, his knees nearly scraping the ground. Troll bellowed again.
Troll! Iliff hollered.
The ridge of Trolls brow appeared briefly. He stumbled and veered toward him. Iliff rushed to his companion.
Troll!
Troll listed sideways and fell. The thing rolled from his back and lay still. Iliff could see now the wound on Trolls neck, the blood that braided his burned torso and blackened his trousers.
Troll, whats happened?
Can you help her? he groaned.
Iliff looked from Troll to the smoking mass on the ground. And in the space of an instant, the mass became a living creature. There were the folded hind legs, the front paws with thick padding and claws that shone dully. Beyond the ash-covered body was the head.
Then he saw the shaft of wood in her upper back. He recognized it.
Troll. His voice wanted to die in his chest. Oh, Troll. What have you done?
I promised to help him. I made a pact. Troll struggled to his feet. It was so I so you and me could eat.
Iliff knelt beside the bear. Her eyes were closed, her snout frothed with foam. He ran his hand over her chest, through her thick, dust-coated fur. The point of the spear pressed through her shallow breaths. The bear shuddered and opened one eye. She struggled to lift her front paw, to push him away, but she hadnt the strength. Her head fell back to the ground.
Can you help her?
Iliff turned to Troll.
How could you?
No, I
How could you?
A deep rumbling made them both look. The fire had jumped the river and was rushing toward them. It ravaged the trees and tore along the forest litter. Hot wind and ash stormed around them.
We have to go, Troll shouted. We have to run.
No. Iliff backed away.
Troll stepped toward him.
I said no.
Troll stopped. Iliff continued his retreat. He raised his hand and, with trembling lips, pointed past Troll.
Go, he said. Go back to the mines.

* * *

Troll watched Iliffs diminishing figure until a torrent of fire burst from the line and divided them. Iliff disappeared. Troll remembered the bear and stooped to lift her, as he had when he encountered her in his flight to the river. But she was no longer breathing. Gone too. Troll fell against her as the fire raged nearer. But his scalded skin began to scream. He lunged to his feet and fled downriver. Back in the direction they had come. Back toward the mines.

* * *

Iliff dropped his arm and broke into a run. But it was hopeless. The fire was too strong, closing too fast. It would push him deeper into the forest then overtake him. His errors had compounded, one upon the other, and finally caught up with him. He had shown himself a weak, faithless creature, unworthy of Adraminas help, unworthy of the Sun. Now all around him would fall to ruin. All would be lost: his path, his quest, his life. Everything.
He stole one final look back. He was in time to see the fire tear into their shelter. It devoured it rapidly, without sentiment, and spewed the ashes off over the turbulent winds.


END OF BOOK I




Preview of Book Two: Lights and Shadows

Chapter 1


Iliffs feet pounded the gray forest floor; his bag slammed against his back. He considered throwing the bag off, but the fire would not allow him even a moments pause. Nearer and louder did it rage, so close that it no longer felt like heat, but something hard and sharp. It tore his skin and ignited the hairs across his arms. Somewhere beyond the fire the river ran deep and cold. He looked for an opening but there were none.
Iliff veered and pressed deeper into the forest. He cut through a thick growth of trees. Their closeness broke up the wind and fire, but it slowed him as well. And he was tiring. The adrenaline that had propelled him those first miles was gone. His breaths tore in and out.
A little farther, he urged himself. Just a little farther.
But he did not know what he was holding out for. The situation was more hopeless than ever. He could not see the fire, but he could feel it on his back, could see smoke storming past. The wind pummeled him suddenly and trees to each side burst into flame. Fire rained down.
Iliff did not see the stream until he stumbled into it. The cold that spilled inside his boots felt delicious. He stooped to splash water over his head and arms, but he had to keep moving. The fire was already rising from both banks. He ran with the current in great marching strides. The weight of the water pulled on his legs, but it was the only element the fire could not incinerate in an instant.
The stream spilled downhill and Iliff lunged and splashed down with it. Gradually, the heat fell away. He allowed himself a moments hope, but when he turned to look, the fire reared and surged forth to send a stand of blazing trees crashing into the water. He retrained his focus on the falling streambed. He had to keep his footing.
No sooner had he thought this than his boot skidded on a slime-matted rock. His leg swooped from under him; the other leg followed. Iliff landed hard on his back, the impact jarring his vision, his thoughts. He covered his head with his arms.
But he was still moving. His forward momentum and the steep gradient had carried him into a rushing slide. Down the streambed he went, faster and faster. He tried to slow himself but could gain no traction; he tried to steer but had no control. He rattled down a cascade of stony shelves, in as much danger now of being battered as he had been of burning alive.
He strained to keep his head above the stones and thrashing water. Images of the forest shook in his sight. Then Iliff saw something he had not seen in a long timethe color green. But it was not the mystical green of Adraminas eyes or the burgeoning green of the forest. This green appeared dark, almost black.
Iliff fell from another shelf and became aghast when he did not land. He had been thrown into open space. Mud sluiced around him. He looked down and saw water far below, vast and brown, but could not tell how deep it might be.
He kicked hard and swung his arms until he was upright.
Shooting beneath the water, he encountered resistance almost immediately, but it was the soft resistance of mud and decomposition. Iliff sank into it to his waist, dark peat billowing around him. He wriggled and kicked his way free, then sputtered to the surface. He swam several strokes to the nearest bank and dragged himself onto the marshy ground.
Filthy, in shock, Iliff turned and looked beyond the pool into which he had fallen. The brown waters seeped and spread, flooding the landscape for as far as he could see. Knobby trees huddled on islands of sharp sedges and low plants. Larger trees rose and touched overhead in a sickly canopy where mosses dangled, old and beggarly. The whole place smelled of decay.
Iliff remembered the fire and raised his face to the cascade of mud and water that had deposited him here. The clouds of smoke beyond seemed to come from far away. He did not know whether the fire could reach him here, where the earth was deluged, the air still and leaden.
He moved off, pulling himself through the dense vegetation where he could, wading and swimming where the mounds and strips of soggy land sunk away. When he lifted his dripping bag to his head, he found that the gold crown remained as snug above his ears as when he had placed it there that morning. The discovery gave him odd, though fleeting, comfort.

* * *

For the rest of the day, Iliff slogged and swam through the swamp, moving in as straight a line from the fire as he could. The sky had just begun to dim when he came upon an island that rose higher than the others. A gangly tree presided over the swell of sedge and boggy shrub.
Iliff climbed the island and set his bag beside the tree. He draped his cloak over a low branch and poured the water from his boots. When he took off his clothes to wring them, he was horrified to discover his torso mottled with black worms. They burst red as he tore them away. A cloud of insects descended then, blanketing and biting his blood-smeared skin. He slapped at them while struggling to get his sopping clothes back on. He pulled the cloak on last, stuffing the hems beneath himself where he sat and drawing in the hood.
As night descended, Iliff became aware of a fiery haze. It showed through the fabric of his cloak, high and to his right, far away. He thought he could hear distant crackling, but the sounds of the swamp, sinister and swelling, soon arrested his attention. Unseen creatures glugged in the foul waters and emerged dripping onto the shore below. A shrill cry from the islands lone tree made Iliff start up; several other cries sounded in answer, all seeming to converge overhead. At one point something large and long wend through the sharp grass. It stopped at Iliffs bag and circled it before slithering off.
Iliff hugged his knees and breathed the damp, dark air inside his cloak. He thought of all the places he had been, both pleasant and unpleasant, and wished he could be in any one of them now. He thought of all the company he had known, both kind and corrupt, and wished he could know their company once more. He thought of Troll and his heart broke. In his mind he watched the flames roaring up violent and red. He watched them consume his path to the Sun as well as the path back to the people and places he so longed for now. He watched them swallow Troll.
Then the fire faded and he saw the brown waters as they had appeared to him from below the surface. And he knew with a horrible certainty that this place would be his home now. There was nowhere else for him.
And though Iliffs sobs were mostly silent that night, the weight of them caused the entire island to shudder.


BOOK II: LIGHTS AND SHADOW
ON SALE NOW




Thank you for reading!

If you enjoyed Escape (The Prisoner and the Sun, Book I), here are some ways to help spread the enjoyment and for you to stay connected.

Lend. This e-book is lending-enabled through most vendors, so feel free to share it with whomever you please.
Review. Your online review will help others find this book and, hopefully, nudge them inside its pages.
Subscribe. Two to three times a year, the author sends out an e-letter announcing new releases and promotions. To subscribe, email bmagnarella@gmail.com with SUN in the subject line.




Acknowledgements


No man is an island, and neither is his first book. Two people deserve special thanks. My mother, Sharlene, read nearly every draft, correcting gaffes and pointing out parts of the story that worked as well as those that needed work. She was as encouraging, and no doubt, forbearing, as when she used to help me ready my wooden car for the Pinewood Derby so many years ago. Gary Smailes of BubbleCow provided invaluable copyediting; his insights and suggestions opened fresh vistas for me at a crucial time, resulting in a more complete, more engaging story. I would also like to thank Joel Palmer for his superb job on final proofreading, and the creative, friendly staff at mPrint Design Studio for the cover art and design  they got it right.




About the Author


Brad Magnarella grew up in Gainesville, Florida. As a boy he discovered the words and worlds of Richard Adams, C.S. Lewis, Scott ODell, and J.R.R. Tolkien. A tributary of the local creek wound through his neighborhood, providing him and his friendsthe once-fearsome Brywood Ganga wooded sanctuary in which to live out these and other adventures. A graduate of the University of Florida and American University, and the author of several articles on foreign affairs, Brad has long aspired to write the kind of fiction that colored his childhood and whose symbols and themes continue to fascinate him.
His books include Escape, Lights and Shadows, and Final Passage, which make up The Prisoner and the Sun trilogy.

Discover these and other titles by Brad Magnarella at Smashwords.com and wherever ebooks are sold.
