When Dreams End
By Miles Harman
Copyright  2010 Miles Harman
Published at Smashwords
Hardcover ISBN: 978-1-60910-405-4
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-60910-406-1
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the author.
The characters and events in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.
For my wife,
When Dreams End,
There our love meets in boundless form.

And,
To those who help others awaken.

Its not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves.
-Edmund Hillary

A book, like a landscape, is a state of consciousness
varying with readers.
-Ernest Dimnet
Chapter 1
Scorched Dreams
A mans dreams are indexes to his greatness.
-Zadok Rabinowitz

Beads of sweat roll down my brow. The same dream again. Choking on thick smoke and fumes, immersed in searing heat, Im trapped, losing consciousness, succumbing to a slow death. I calm myself, knowing that this is not reality, however real it seems.
Still tired from several late night fire alarms, I lay in my dark bunk in the old fire station. Power had gone out in parts of the city, making for a busy night. Lying on my back in the quiet room, unable to sleep, I ponder my dreams.
A dream is a miraculous thing. How is it able to make a happy man enter a terrifying world, or a miserable man escape his pain if just for a few hours? Dreams dont differentiate between young or old, rich or poor, good or bad people. Anyone can have any dream any time, and dreams often seem like waking life.
Was this dream trying to bring my subconscious fears to light? Was it the sum of all of the infernos I had faced on my job, or a realization of my own frailty? Several times in my five years as a firefighter, I felt protected and guided by an invisible force, but was there a purpose to it all?
Lying in darkness and contemplating the dream, my racing heartbeat finally slows to normal speed. A deep breath fills my lungs, relaxing mind and body. I surrender to sleep. Out of darkness, the piercing fire alarm echoes throughout the halls. Within seconds, lights brightly illuminate the room. Firefighters suddenly hustle about, as though someone had thrown a brick into a nest of bees.
I jump in the truck. All my firefighting gear on the floor next to me, the siren blares as we leave the garage. Squinting at the morning sun, we speed from behind the shadow of the large brick fire station. The all too familiar siren loudly wails as we race past onlookers and cars quickly move out of the way.
The time between leaving the station and arriving at the scene of the fire is always alive. What waits? Most fires turn out to be small and easily extinguished, but every now and then a blaze causes each of us to look within ourselves and to live on pure courage. Danger forces us to exist right on the thin membrane separating life and death. Only here one experiences true self, stripped of all disguises.
Rapidly, we turn onto a wider road and I immediately realize the grave danger we are speeding towards. Several blocks ahead, smoke billows out of several upper floors of a large office building. The truck stops just before a stream of smoldering debris raining down on the street.
Quickly we pour out of the truck. Adrenaline races through my body as it performs automatically. My job on this scene is to enter the building and search for trapped survivors on the upper floors with two other men while the others fight the fire. I trust these men with my life, and I know they trust me.
Entering the empty lobby, we find the stairwell and run, attempting to climb above the floors being gutted by flames. Finally, after reaching the twenty-fifth floor, the stairwell is filled with choking smoke. Turning on our oxygen masks, we push through the thick and hazy air to the twenty-seventh floor. Amidst sweltering heat, I feel the large steel door and know that just feet away in the next room all hell has broken loose. We press on, ascending to the top of the building.
Heat emanates from the doors on the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth floors, while we press through to the top. We reach the top floor and the door is still cool to the touch. It opens to a long hallway lined with a thin layer of smoke. Power is out and there are no sprinklers on, which means that the pipes in the floors engulfed by the inferno below have ruptured.
All three sections of the floor need searching for survivors. The other firefighters begin with the closest offices. Running down the smoky hallway, I open the door and enter a reception area. More smoke fills the air while I methodically search each room. Entering the back room, I find a woman lying motionlessly on the floor.
Running over to the body, I find a weak pulse in her neck. Throwing her over my shoulder, I push through the thickening smoke back to the front of the office. In the hallway the flashlights of my fellow firemen glow near the stairwell. They see me.
Halfway to the stairwell, something feels wrong. Stopping, I feel the floor below my feet, soft and spongy. Looking down, a large section buckles, opening a huge rift between us. A fierce inferno engulfs the entire end of the hallway all the way up to the ceiling. The exit is blocked! Spinning around, I run to the far end of the floor and see my fellow firefighters disappear into the safety of the stairwell.
Once inside the office, I shut the door behind us. The smoke thickens while I search for another way out. In the back there is a closet marked with the words roof access. After breaking through the locked door with my hand axe, I pull the woman up the ladder and close the hatch as intense flames engulf the office below.
Billowing smoke blocks the light of day on the black tarred roof. After pulling the woman to the safest corner of the roof, I reach into my coat and take out my hand radio. I yell, Fireman Gabriel Martin and one survivor trapped on the roof. We need help now! I hear a faint reply acknowledging our danger. My focus turns to the motionless woman.
Her face is covered with brown smoke residue. While checking for her vital signs, I see a nametag on her blouse. This is Allison. She still has a pulse but isnt breathing. I quickly administer CPR. After several resuscitation breaths, she responds with a faint cough and soon gains consciousness.
Her eyes open. She looks into mine, mumbling, Where am I?
You are on the roof of the office building that is still on fire. You were lying unconscious in a back office when I found you. Help is on the way. Just sit tight.
Allison replies, I was in the elevator when the alarm went off. It became stuck and I had to open the door manually and climb out. I ended up on the top floor. I went down the stairwell, but the smoke was too thick, so I went back up and into the far office where I must have finally passed out. What is your name?
Gabriel.
Just like the angel, she smiles. Thank you for getting me out of there, Gabriel. Im Allison.
I smile back. Below the layer of smoky residue on her face, this woman is very attractive. Smoke billows up on three sides of the roof. Unsuccessfully searching for a way down, I know that our situation is becoming more and more impossible. Lights shine from the fire trucks, and small streams of water flow from the hoses into the building. I know that the effort will not be enough before the top of the building is consumed. On the far side of the roof, a large flame breaks through. We dont have much time now. Wrapping my coat around Allison, I hold her close, sheltering her between myself and the corner wall. The smoky air makes us both realize that we have nothing left except each other. Allison murmurs, Gabriel, Im scared!
Smoke billows while I calmly state, We are in this together until the end.
Holding each other tight, crouching under my coat, she looks deeply into my eyes. I look back into hers, knowing shes the last human Ill ever see. Our lips move close and meet in a long embrace. While we kiss, time stops. The ferocity of the heat and flames momentarily leaves our consciousness. We exist together where the membrane between life and death narrows, exposing the naked soul of two beings. This state of ecstasy lasts for several moments until we pull away and look into each others eyes. The moment of passion soon gives way to fear when the floor below becomes warm and soft. Though I had only known this woman a few minutes, we experienced something that most lovers dont know in a lifetime.
As I look into her eyes, the edges of my vision outline in a soothing colored energy pattern. The pattern slowly expands to the center of my focus until Allisons entire face is coated in a calming light. Unlike my dreams of death, there is no suffocating or searing heat. Instead, I detach my body and go beyond. I watch from above while the roof collapses and our bodies disappear into an inferno of intense heat and light below. I feel no pain while my awareness merges with the calming light overlaying the world. Im ready to pass through the divide that separates life and death and see whats on the other side.
Chapter 2
Waking From A Dream

Its all we ever see or seem but it is just a dream within a dream.
-Edgar Allan Poe

Bright light fills my eyes through a small pane of glass in front of my face. Lying on my back in a small chamber, I try to make sense of my surroundings. My body fell into the inferno I must be in a hospital My hands dont appear to be my own.
The top cover of the chamber suddenly opens. I climb into a bright room and a monitor on the wall comes to life. A man and a woman appear who seem somehow familiar. The man speaks:
Welcome back. Youre Gabriel Martin and were your parents, Tyler and Claire. This recording has played many times, but you dont remember. Every time you leave the chamber, you have to be reminded of who you are due to the amnesia it causes. In one nights sleep, you lived an entire lifetime. That existence was just a temporary escape, and now you have awakened into your real life. Youre alone in an inhospitable world, so dreams in the chamber are for your comfort while you wait for the planet to heal.
When your memory and the subsequent loneliness return you can choose to retreat to the chamber and live another life. This monitor is linked to an interactive program which can help you remember everything about where you are. Its also programmed with volumes of information about what was and now is the world outside. All you need to do is ask it a question. We love you son, and want you to be happy.
I ask, What is this place, and how did I get here?
Claire, the woman claiming to be my mother answers, Besides ourselves, you are the last human known to exist on the planet Earth. You were born in 2022 and were our only child. We lived on the tropical Big Island of Hawaii in the Pacific Ocean. Your father was a scientist developing advanced geothermal technology to harness the power of the Earths molten core. I was a scientist in the field of sleep and dream technology. We lived here when the worlds atmospheric pollution increased to extremely dangerous and destructive levels.
Your father tried to develop an alternative geothermal energy, usable on a global scale. He was trying to stop the harmful effects that burning fossil fuels were having on the environment. Scientific efforts were miniscule compared to the damage humans had done. The atmosphere heated and melted the polar ice caps, submerging every unprotected coastal city. Humans migrated to higher land and struggled for resources and survival. Widespread conflict caused financial turmoil, chaos, mass starvation, disease, and total warfare over the dwindling resources.
When World War broke out in 2037, we were forced to move into your fathers fully automated geothermal laboratory which was powered from a hot spot of magma in the crust here. After adding a greenhouse to the laboratory, we moved the contents of our house and my sleep laboratory inside. We then referred to the combined facility as the compound.
On April 23, 2037, worldwide aggression peaked, and several countries exchanged long-range nuclear ballistic missiles. These missiles released deadly radiation and injected particles into the atmosphere reflecting solar heat back into space. Thousands of warheads detonated, resulting in a scorched sky, permanent twilight, and drastic global climate change. Global warming was immediately reversed, and within days, temperatures were well below freezing worldwide. The sudden freeze caused ice to spread towards the equator from both poles, and the flooded oceans drastically dropped. Temperatures in Hawaii finally stabilized at twenty degrees Fahrenheit, with the surrounding ocean two hundred feet shallower than before the freeze.
Mankinds actions quickly and radically transformed our island paradise into several snow-covered mountain peaks in the midst of a vast frozen ocean. Communications ceased. Earth became a dead and frozen wasteland and may remain so for the rest of your life. This compound is the only habitable place that we know of left on the planet, thanks only to the geothermal energy feeding it.
What happened to you? I question.
Claire again answers, We had a six-month supply of non-perishable food stored inside the compound. The greenhouse took time to produce new food. We were able to last nearly eight months as a family by intensive rationing. We were in our forties and had to consider our options. Food was running out, and the greenhouse couldnt support all three of us. When you were sixteen, we made a sacrifice. After recording these messages, we trekked outside in an attempt to find another place to grow crops. If we didnt make it back, know that we love you and want you to live a long and happy life.
A wave of intense sadness rolls over me, so I shut off the monitor. Rushing out of the room, I enter the adjoining hallway. Looking down the cold and empty corridor emotions overwhelm me. After running to a small glass window at one end, I peer at the world outside. Snow and wind pelt the small window that separates the blistering cold. A snowy wasteland stretches as far as I can see. Overwhelmed, I collapse to my knees on the floor. The life Ive known in the chamber was all in my mind, and my reality is a frozen hell.
Chapter 3
Understanding A Dream

The best thing in every noble dream is the dreamer.
-Moncure Connway

What do I do? My entire life was a dream and now Im alone. Restless, I explore my surroundings. A map of the compound hangs on the wall:

The greenhouse catches my attention, so I enter. The lifeless hallway gives way to a warm, moist, and bright room. Refreshing scents fill the air. Delicious tasting fruits and vegetables momentarily distract me.
After navigating aisles of plants, I enter a smaller room within the greenhouse. Bags of dried crops and large food dehydration machines are inside. The method for storing the food is simple and ingenious. I pass back into hallway.
Another small window is on this end. Outside the glass pane, a large snow covered mountain extends through the cloud base. How high does mountain continue past the clouds?
A shower and bathroom are next to an exercise room. Next is a library with a comfortable sofa. Passing the library, I come to a large bedroom. This is where I sleep. Several pictures are placed around the room of me as a child with my family surrounded by lush tropical backgrounds. Thinking of my parents trekking into the frozen wasteland so I could live saddens me.
Leaving the bedroom, I pass the sleep chamber and enter a small storage room. Several cold weather suits, outdoor equipment, tools, building materials, and spare parts line the walls. Ill look through these items later. Leaving the storage room, I cross the hallway into a room full of computers and gauges which appear to monitor and control the geothermal power supply. Intrigued, but not wanting to disrupt something important, I leave this room alone. After returning to the library, I pause. My mind still racing, I sit on the couch and try to contemplate everything I learned.
In need of further answers, I peruse the shelves. The top shelf contains classic works of literature. Below are books about geothermal engineering and power generation. The next shelf contains books about sleeping, dreaming, and sleep psychology. The final shelf on the bottom has many hand-written journals.
Interested, I take a journal and read a random page:
There was one defining moment in all of the experiences I had in my last lifetime. It happened when I was a Roman soldier fighting in the Northern Territories. My only true friend in the legion was Marcus. When I watched him die in battle next to me, part of me died with him.
Another journal reads:
When I became a successful rock musician and had my first performance before thousands of fans, I knew I had hit it big and become a success. From that day forward, I had more possessions, money, and attention than I knew what to do with. Addicted to the rush of success, I couldnt go up any higher. I needed something to continually make myself feel better than the day before. I soon became a drug addict in an attempt to perpetuate my artificial happiness. This was the beginning of the end of the false self I created.
Though interested in reading about more of my lifetimes, I decide first to better understand this reality. After replacing the journals on the shelf, I go to the couch. Another solitary journal lies on the coffee table. A hand-written note temporarily fastened to the front cover reads:
Gabriel, this is a journal of your most recent dreams. You cant piece together the whole picture of whats going on from memory, because its blocked out every time you enter the chamber. While the effects wear off, memories will slowly return over the following days and weeks as long as you stay out of the chamber. The problem is the longer you stay out, the more you will suffer an intense onslaught of loneliness and depression. This will cause you to deeply desire to reenter a dream life to forget your problems, perpetuating the cycle. You will never be able to remember the sum total of your life because you are addicted to hiding from the truth of who you really are.
These journals are designed to record each lifetime after you leave the chamber as a temporary solution. Please record what you experienced in the chamber while it is fresh, and read over your many lives so you may find some meaning to it all. When you succumb to going back into the chamber, write the number of days you were free on the board on the back wall to track if you were able to gain any progress in breaking the cycle of addiction. Good luck with making sense of it all. You
Thousands of tiny hand-written numbers cover a board behind me. According to the numbers, I normally enter the chamber every day or two. The longest Ive gone without living a dream life was seven days. What transformation took place and caused me to reenter so soon?
Leaving the library, I walk down the hall and into the bathroom to freshen up. Another journal sits on the sink with its own hand-written note attached to the cover:
READ ME- Gabriel, you need to come here between dream sessions, so thats why this journal is here. Its designed to make sense of this reality, apart from the thousands of dream worlds you create. Any ideas you have about this life and meaning you find can be recorded in here. The truths you find inside may hasten your recollection of painful life memories, so only read this when youre ready to face your pain head-on. You
Flipping through, I see many stories about me, but I dont read the details just yet. Suddenly, Im very hungry. After finishing up in the bathroom, I take my reality journal to the kitchen.
 After a few minutes of scavenging the garden, a plate of fresh picked carrots, nuts, beans, and potatoes sits before me. Savoring each bite, I wonder how the experience of eating in a dream tastes just as real as eating here. After finishing my food, my curiosity gets the better of me and I open the journal, ready for whatever story it has to tell about me. The more I learn about my new world, the more I want to know.
Chapter 4
Reality Journal

The past is history, the future is a mystery, this moment 
is a gift, that is why it is called the present. Enjoy it.
-Allan Johnson

I anxiously read the reality journal from page one:
My Story- Born into a family of scientists, I grew up comfortably. While the world fell into turmoil, our familys situation was pretty good. The government gave large sums of money to people like my father, who were finding solutions to the worlds energy and environmental problems. Wealthy customers also paid my mother and other sleep scientists to escape their misery by dreaming lifetimes inside chambers.
Other than images of worldwide flooding, famine, overcrowding, and violence on the television, we were spared the turmoil which happened elsewhere due to our isolation. Traveling became difficult, so I never left the Big Island of Hawaii. Humanities resources were devoted to food production and militaries, making the global interactions that brought the world together earlier in the century uncommon.
With coastal cities around the world flooding, people migrated inland. At 1500 feet up the side of southernmost mountain of the Hawaiian Islands, Mauna Loa, our family home was well above the flood zone. My fathers laboratory was in back of the property hidden amidst dense forest. Directly on top of an active lava tube, the laboratory provided nearly unlimited electricity. While the people below migrated up the mountain to escape the flooding, we held to our large plot of land high above.
A local group of scientists lived nearby who were family friends. Our closest friends, the Herringtons, owned a wind turbine farm on the distant island of Kauai. Their father brought the family to the Big Island because he was researching the process of harnessing wind at high altitude on the top of Mauna Kea on the northern mountain of the island. Mrs. Herrington was an assistant at my mothers sleep laboratory, running a second experimental chamber. They had two children, an older son Greg, and a daughter Allison who was my age. I spent a lot of my time with Allison, my only real childhood friend. We stuck close because all of the other children on the mountain below would always attempt to take things from us or would just ignore us.
People were going hungry when the heat, scarcity of land, and increasingly impossibility of transportation limited food and water resources. The news showed hundreds of millions of people around the world starving and rioting. Violence broke out everywhere.
The Hawaiian Islands were relatively peaceful, but people left the city of Honolulu and Oahu for neighboring islands, fearing the eighty foot retaining wall encompassing the city and keeping the ocean at bay would rupture at any time. Similar walls encompassed coastal downtowns around the world to protect them from the rising ocean. The last line of defense, coastal walls were increasingly difficult to maintain because the water continued to rise and resources to repair them dwindled. While people fanned out to the other islands, excessive populations took their toll on fishing and other local natural resources, causing the scarcity to worsen.
By this time, our family grew enough food in an outdoor garden to support ourselves. When starvation threatened the people below, we knew they wouldnt let us keep our food to ourselves. One rainy day in December of 2036, they came for what was ours. My father tried to defend our property. Fifteen to twenty men beat him mercilessly, nearly killing him. With most of our crops gone, we knew we had to take drastic measures to ensure our survival.
A few days later, the Herringtons lost much more. The same band of looters came to their home and their father and son defended the house with a rifle, firing warning shots. The looters left, only to come back with their own weapons, killing Greg and beating his father unconsciousness. Their home was burned to the ground, leaving them with nothing.
Devastated, the remaining three decided to sail the family boat to their wind turbine farm on Kauai. We were invited to join them, but my father declined, convinced he needed to finish perfecting his geothermal technology to save humanity. Taking the second sleep chamber, their mother wished to continue her work on a different island. Their boat set sail and we wished them well. Watching my only friend Allison disappearing over the horizon, I feared that I wouldnt see her again. After they left, concerned for our lives, we abandoned the house and moved into my fathers laboratory hidden in the dense forest.
By late January of 2037, all of our things including the sleep chamber were moved inside the laboratory, and we then named it the compound. We were able to run everything off geothermal energy so we would never have to leave and give away our concealed location. A wide variety of edible crops were planted in mass quantities in the indoor greenhouse.
Over the following weeks, television broadcasted the same looting we experienced on a global scale. Entire militaries were utilized to acquire food and resources from less defended nations. The world had plummeted into complete chaos. Things couldnt have been worse, or so we thought. The unimaginable happened.
Reports of nuclear attacks on American cities came on television, while concurrent reports of attacks on foreign cities came from around the world. The television suddenly turned to static. A distant low pitched rumbling from Oahu to the northwest was heard outside. The following morning, we woke to a scorched reddish grey sky that continued to darken. We never witnessed the beauty of a sunrise or sunset again.
Over the following days, temperatures plummeted due to the scorched sky blocking the sun. It was soon below freezing and gunshots and screams came from down the mountain. Freezing temperatures killed the vegetation concealing us, bringing the ocean and town below into view.
With nothing hiding our location, we worried more looters would discover the compound. Days passed with no signs of life from the town, putting our minds more at ease. We were convinced we were alone, until one quiet night we realized our mistake.
I woke in the library to yelling from my parents bedroom next door. Two men found us and broke into the compound. They wanted our food and would kill to get it. Without thinking, I ran to the kitchen and picked up a knife.
Swiftly approaching the large man who was beating my father repeatedly, I stuck the knife deep into his lower back. He screamed in pain as blood stained his white shirt. He fearfully looked into my eyes and fell to the floor. The second man stopped struggling with my mother. Rushing me, he yelled Im going to kill you! He was soon on top of me, with hands around my neck squeezing tightly. My vision faded to black, just when my father jumped on top of him. I blacked out.
I awoke on my parents bed, my mother at my side. A wet towel was draped around my neck, soothing the soreness from being nearly strangled. My mother told me I was brave as I regained consciousness. I asked where my father was, and she said he had killed the second intruder after I blacked out. He was outside burying both of their bodies.
A vivid flashback of my hand thrusting a knife into a mans lower back jolts me away from the journal. Memories of my terrified parents under attack fill my head. Suddenly consumed by fear and rage from that night, I see a glimpse of how important my parents were to me. Feeling ill, I run to the bathroom.
Chapter 5
Memories

We cannot change our memories, but we can change
their meaning and the power they have over us.
-David Seamens
Splashing water on my face, I pull myself together. I had done what was needed to save my family that night. I return to the kitchen and read more from the journal:
After the attack, temperatures dropped several degrees. We fearfully waited for more attackers to come. Occasionally, gunshots were still heard from the town below, making us wonder if it was a murder or suicide. Despite our fears, nobody came to the compound again.
We slowly adapted to our new lives of solitude. The snow line crept down the mountain every day, and flurries soon filled the sky. Not long after the first snow, a thick layer permanently blanketed the ground. The final vegetation died off, and the lush island completed its transformation into barren and frozen tundra.
With the vegetation gone, the coast was clearly seen below. The massive glaciers that were forming at the earths Polar Regions caused the ocean to retreat. Ice soon formed nearby, small amounts collecting by the shore, which merged into larger chunks that dotting the coast, and finally the ocean was completely frozen to the horizon. We inhabited a planet of ice.
Weeks passed while we waited in hopes that someone from the mainland would come for survivors. My mental state began to deteriorate because of thoughts of Allison, killing the intruders, and what has become of our world. Reading, working out, spending time in the greenhouse, and sleeping, were my weak attempts to distract myself. Nothing kept my mind off the new depressing reality that we were alone.
A few more days passed. I woke up and my parents were sitting in the kitchen. I walked in the room and they yelled, Happy birthday! They sang and we ate dessert. After the celebration, my mother said the sleep chamber was ready for me to use. She explained it would be therapeutic for me to get away from my traumatic past and to experience other human interaction. My father refused to use it, and my mother would only use it occasionally, after which she seemed detached from us for a few days. Desperate, I agreed, and soon dreamt entire lifetimes every night.
The chamber is a remarkable invention even if it has a downside. It transplants me into different but complete lifetimes and distracts me, allowing me to forget my past. Before entering a lifetime, I select several parameters, including the theme I will live in. I can be a 3rd century Chinese fisherman in one life, the Pharaoh of Egypt in the next, and a successful business executive in the one after that. Designing the overlying parameters and events in each of my dream worlds, I become the main character of a life of my own design.
After lying inside, a temporary state of amnesia is induced by brain scan, bypassing my middle and long term memory. I soon dont remember anything about this world or any of the other dream worlds previously entered. A sleeplike state is induced on my body and I enter my new life where I become a baby in knowledge and understanding. The memory void is quickly filled with the new experiences inside.
The pad I place my head on sends stimulating electrical signals to various parts of my brain creating a realistic mental world inside. The electrical stimulant creates everything in full detail and enables me to remember each experience with vivid clarity. Time seems to slow down, but my living brain here is accelerated. This higher rate of brain processing speed enables the creation of a lifetime of experience in a single night of sleep.
When each dream lifetime ends, I always wake inside the chamber here in the compound. At first my memory extends only back to the last time my brain was scanned just before I was born into the previous life. Shortly after awakening, the memory suppression scan starts wearing off. I slowly recall my lifetime here and memories from other dream lifetimes.
Unfortunately, theres a downside to this process of escape, because every lifetime involves painful memories. When these memories flood back they add together to a sum total of residual pain thats extremely difficult to handle. Like a drug addict going through withdrawal, I break down and feel as though I cant continue existing outside the chamber. Always succumbing to utilizing the only solution readily available, I re-enter the chamber, perpetuating the pattern.
This is how I began my endless cycle of addiction as a teenager. My mother saw me changing and thought this was the only way for me to be happy. Unfortunately she was correct.
Over the following weeks and months I lived many lifetimes. In one of these lifetimes I was a martial arts master in the ancient world. Living to an old age, I died defending a kingdom falling to invaders. Following my awaking here, I found my mother sitting in the kitchen in tears. After asking her what was wrong, she explained where I was and what happened during my last dream.
My father realized we werent producing enough food to survive and function as a family. Right after I entered the chamber eight hours ago, he went to the town below, which had been quiet for several months, in search of food and supplies. He had not yet returned. My mother was worried because he was several hours overdue.
I had to find him. She attempted to stop me, but I refused. After donning a cold weather suit and taking a large knife from the kitchen, I set off for the town below for the first time since the sky was scorched.
Another flashback- My mother is crying, I remember her in a helpless state of panic. How I miss my family! A second memory of apprehensively leaving the compound into the brisk morning air in search of my father fills my head. The memory blockage from my last time in the chamber is starting to wear off. Memories associated with emotions are the first to break through. Turning back to the journal, I want more, even if more knowledge means more pain.
Chapter 6
Alone

What you leave behind is not engraved in stone monuments,
but what is woven into the lives of others.-Pericles

I continue to read the journal, picturing myself enacting every word:
Trekking through the frozen wasteland, the only noise was the howling wind and crackling snow under my feet. The crusty snow collapsed with each step, my feet slipping through to the jagged rock and dead underbrush. Although in a hurry, the terrain made my progress slow. The landscape was barren save a few dead and leafless palm tree trunks ready to fall. Approaching the quiet town I jogged the last stretch to the back of a house.
Looking down the empty street, all was quiet. Knowing that if anyone else was still alive, they would be only concerned with their own survival, my senses heightened. Many empty and burned out buildings lined the streets. Something was terribly wrong here. Broken windows and an empty interior were all that remained of both the general store and hardware store on the main street. The sky brightened ever so slightly during the early morning hours.
Walking down a winding side street lined with houses, I suddenly smelled a faint burning and wondered what caught fire. Realizing that only another person could have lit anything here, my adrenaline raced. The road curved, so I was unable to see in front of any more houses. Carefully peering around the corner of the house, my view of the street opened. Peering farther, I saw the glow of flames that were lit inside a steel drum burning in front of a garage. The fire appeared unattended, but I couldnt see inside the garage from my present viewpoint.
Skirting around the structures, I moved into better position behind a house across the street. Looking past the fire into the garage, what I saw next was terrifying. Two men were sawing something on the concrete floor in the front of the garage by the fire. A third man cleaned a hunting rifle in the back. Looking closer, the men were sawing the chopped remains of a human body! Sick to my stomach, I closed my eyes. The men were cooking the body piece by piece on the fire. There were still survivors and they were cannibals!
Studying the scene further, a fourth person was tied to the bumper of an old car inside the back of the garage. My stomach sunk while the light of the fire illuminated the face of my father, motionless and hidden amongst shadows. Something had to be done to these monsters. Unnoticed by the men, I quietly made my way behind the houses and back around to the side of the garage.
I assessed the situation - two men with filet knives in the front by the body, a third cleaning a rifle on a table in the back, and my father tied to a bumper behind him. Recalling fighting skills from my last lifetime, I removed my knife, took a deep breath, and moved into action.
Running around the corner I held the knife blade to the neck of the man cleaning the rifle by the table. I demanded they drop their weapons and step outside. The two men in front angrily jumped up, stood their ground, and eyed me for an opportunity to strike. I made it clear that if they didnt get back they would have another body to eat. They stepped back for a moment. Nudging my father, he was breathing. I also made it clear that I was going to take the rifle and leave with him. Nobody moved and we remained in a tense standoff.
Suddenly, a larger fourth man emerged from a door in the back and charged. The other three men attacked in unison. A lifetime of fighting skills kicked in and my body automatically responded.
Slashing the man at the table, I picked up the rifle. Swinging it around, I hit the large man over his head. Stunned, he staggered backwards. I hurled a metal can of rifle ammo at the third attacker. The ammo can made contact on the center of his face with a crunch, dropping him to the ground.
I narrowly dodged the final attackers first knife slash. The second went through the front of my cold weather suit, grazing my stomach. The pain set in, spiking my adrenaline. Dodging a third slash, I caught his arm and spun him around. Taking my knife from the table, I thrust it into his chest. He collapsed in pain, my knife imbedded in his body. Turning around, I saw the large man in the back climb to his feet. While jumping on his back, I locked my arms around his neck in a choke hold. He repeatedly slammed me between his massive body and the wall behind us. After several attempts at this, his body went limp collapsing to the ground.
All of the men motionless, I concentrated on leaving with my father. He regained consciousness while I cut the ropes from his arms. Badly injured, I helped him up and outside. I took the rifle from the table as we left.
Slowed by our injuries, after three hours we made it to the safety of the compound, where my mother was anxiously waiting. Still in tears, she smiled when she saw us alive. We explained what happened while she carefully dressed our wounds.
Days later we were both walking around and feeling much better. We spent shifts guarding the entrance with our new rifle, fearing some of the men lived and would return for revenge. We also talked about the predicament facing us. With nothing in the town below the greenhouse was our only process for making new food. Even adding the greenhouse crops to our dwindling reserves, we would all starve to death in less than two months.
After my fathers rescue, the memory suppression started wearing off. Thoughts of my world, my family, Allison and her family, and all the men that had been killed overwhelmed me. I needed the chamber.
On the fifth night mother helped me reenter. I was a novelist, and lived a long and peaceful life in the English countryside. After awakening, I was unaware of reality and my problems seemed to be gone again. Weeks of steady dreaming passed. My only record of living was in the dream journals I kept. Deluded, I completely took my mother and father for granted.
A month after my fathers rescue, we opened the last can of preserved food. I wondered why beets were saved for our final processed meal. Savoring the can, we knew we were living meagerly from only the greenhouse. Tough decisions needed to be made.
From the food the greenhouse provided, one of us could live indefinitely, two could subside on the brink of starvation, and feeding three of us would result in all of our deaths. I decided to leave and find another place to grow food. My father said he would consider it while I slept, but Id already made up my mind.
Preparing for my departure, I wanted one last life in the chamber. I lived on the Big Island of Hawaii by my parents on a version of Earth that was teeming with life, untouchable by human actions. Living a long life close to my family, I married my childhood friend Allison and became a scientist in my fathers field of study. This was the life I should have had all along.
I woke to an empty compound. Only when my memory returned did I realize my parents left during my dream so I could survive. The messages and answers contained on the console were recorded by them that night and have greeted me back to this world ever since. Truly alone in this world, I exist in a state of perpetual forgetfulness of their sacrifice.
The reality journal becomes filled with random thoughts about the meaning of my life on this empty and frozen world, so I close it. Needing some time, I walk to the greenhouse and contemplate my dual existence inside and outside the chamber. How many dream lifetimes have I lived? Is anyone else still alive on this frozen planet? Where did my parents go when they left the compound? Will I ever break the endless cycle of entering the chamber in which Im trapped? What is the point of living a life of forgetfulness? With these thoughts racing, I return to the chamber.
Chapter 7
The Chamber

Row, row, row your boat, gently down the stream.
Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, life is but a dream.
-Nursery rhyme
Sitting at the small desk next to the chamber, I turn on the console that welcomed me back, and ask, What determines the experiences I have during my dream lives?
The console answers, Your desire for particular experiences is what shapes your realities although you can pre-program certain circumstances into the dream. Experiences are derived from the dream adapting to your minds waking desires. The dream shapes in whatever way continues to hold your attention, even if that overrides the pre-programmed parameters you set. This makes your dream experience realistic, captivating, and masks that you are the author. The masking of your role as creator is only possible because of suppression of your middle and long term memory prior to entry.
Why dont I realize Im dreaming?
Many times youre initially aware it is a dream. While your dream unfolds, repeated methods of viewing reality soon automate your experiences and interactions with your world inside. Instead of your mind shaping the dream, the dream eventually shapes your mind. In some circumstances, such as times of great suffering, your mind begins to escape from automatic thought patterns. When your entire way of thinking shifts, your dream adapts and recaptures your attention. Many times it will do this by creating overwhelming positive and negative emotional events to recapture your focus. If the dream cant continue to keep your attention, or your true desire inside is to awaken, you regain consciousness instantly.
I continue to question, What happens to all my lives inside, the families I held close, and my accomplishments? Were my efforts for nothing?
They were all ideas, fed by the computer.
How many lifetimes have I created?
2,347.
Imagine living the perspectives of that many people! What year is this and how old am I?
The console replies, Its 2051 and youre twenty-nine.
So many different lifetimes, and I have nothing to show for them! Will I continue to live thousands of meaningless lives until this body dies? There has to be more to this. Yearning to break free from this cycle, my sole desire shifts to pursuing a meaning in my life outside the chamber, in this world.
Needing to change my circumstances, I ask, If there are people still alive in this world, where are the most likely places on these islands that could still sustain human life?
There are five potential places including this one that existed before outside communication was severed in 2037. Each location had a lasting electrical generation system with the potential of still working. Food supplies at these sites are unknown. The closest location is a group of observatories on Mauna Kea peak to the north on this island. The observatories were upgraded to automated wind turbine electricity in the 2020s. The next closest is on the island of Maui. There is a satellite tracking station with its own wind turbine on top of the southern mountain peak, Haleakala. Both locations are at high altitudes where temperatures are frigid, but Haleakala would be slightly warmer due to its lower altitude.
The next location is on Pearl Harbor Naval Base on the island of Oahu. Upgraded naval attack submarines based in port there powered by nuclear fuel, which could last for twenty years with a proficient reactor operator. Since the war severed communications, it is unknown if any of them were nearby when the ocean froze.
The final location is a wind turbine farm on the island of Kauai, nearly 400 miles away. The turbine farm lies near the edge of the frozen ocean. These turbines could produce electrical power indefinitely, similar to this facility.
A map of the five locations displays on the console:

Looking at the locations, I pause. Didnt I read something about wind turbines on Kauai? My heart skips a beat. My childhood friend Allison! Her family fled to their farm there just before the nuclear war. What if shes still alive? What if there are others alive at these locations? Have I searched for other humans before? I formulate a plan.
Dreading the thought of living solely to enter the chamber any longer, I decide to travel to these sites and hopefully find others. Ill search for something in this world having lasting meaning. Optimistic over the possibility of living for a greater purpose, I fantasize over authentic human interaction. For the first time since my dream, I feel a fresh breath of life fill me.
Chapter 8
A Journey Of The Mind

Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
-Albert Einstein
Collecting all available maps, I sit in the library, planning my journey across the Hawaiian Islands. The challenges of food, gear, and transportation will be handled later. Plotting my track across the icy terrain, my round trip journey to Kauai and back will cross at least 800 miles.
Do all of these sites really still support potential life or can I skip some and shorten the distance? How can I be sure? If only I could gain a better idea of what they looked like before traveling to them. The chamber! I can go anywhere I want safely and easily inside. Ill first experience them all in their original state, in a dream before my actual journey. Its ingenious.
I plan a new route for my dream which will take me across a liquid ocean by boat. Two of the sites are inland, so I need a method of traveling up terrain. When finished, a route efficiently hitting all four of the potential habitable places is detailed on a map:

I see how my trial journey could easily distract me into forgetting my goals. After running back to the sleep laboratory, I ask the console, Can I enter a dream with my memories intact?
You can override the memory suppression sequence and still create any world you wish. However, the life you have in that world will have no realism because you will know you are the creator. 
Perfect. But instead of being born a baby, I want to be my current self starting the morning of April 9th, 2037. I need a yacht off the coast of Hilo with a small boat able to transport a motorbike to the shore. The yacht needs to have enough food and supplies to last four weeks and be capable of traveling at least 800 miles with the fuel on board.
A little over two weeks should be enough time to see if any of these sites are promising. After awaking from this mental journey, I can prepare for my real journey armed with greater knowledge. Picking up the reality journal, I bring it to the kitchen and eat another dried fruit meal before my dream. I make a new entry on the back page:
After awakening from a violent death in my last lifetime to this reality, I realized this never-ending cycle of dreaming needs to end. Without remembering my entire past, I do remember enough to know my dreams wont bring me any lasting meaning or happiness. Ill enter a dream while fully conscious to explore the Hawaiian Islands in preparation for my actual journey across them after awakening.
After closing the journal, I shower, change, and return to the sleep laboratory. Its time to live a fully conscious dream. After ensuring the correct parameters are set, I watch the console load old satellite imagery and recreate the world a few weeks before the nuclear winter. Convinced my dream will be accurate, I lie down, closing the lid on top of me. Lights and sounds of the chamber come to life, filling the small interior.
The console announces, Memory suppression sequence bypassed.
My view inside the chamber slips into quiet darkness.
*****
I awake on the forward deck of a large yacht, floating in the ocean. Off to my right is the city of Hilo on the Big Island, which means Im exactly where I asked to be. Roofs of buildings protruding from the risen surf mark a flooded ocean, validating the time to be just before the nuclear war. Two large mountain peaks tower above the city in the backdrop of the tropical landscape. There is no snow on the peaks in this warm reality.
A sense of dj vu flashes through my mind and then a flashback- Im a young boy on a sailboat with my parents and Allisons family. Enjoying the day, we are coming back from a fishing trip far offshore, away from the overfished coast. Everyone laughs at my father who is vigorously trying to untangle ropes on the forward sail. Smiling, I look at Allison.
Seeing Allisons childhood face in the flashback, I realize it wasnt by accident the woman in my dream who perished by my side in the fire was named Allison. She was the adult version of my childhood friend I created. Just how often do I dream of her? Happy to regain more of my memory, it also makes me miss my family, Allison, and real human interaction.
Refocusing, I bring my mind back to Mauna Kea and Mauna Loa towering in the distance. A full days trip to the observatory on Mauna Kea waits. Below the main deck, I collect the necessary supplies- warm clothing for the cold air at altitude, a pistol, food, water, and a map.
Loading the supplies into my backpack, I return topside and board the small boat containing a motorbike. Although I know nobody will steal anything because this reality is my creation, I lock the cabin out of habit. Soon, I speed across the choppy waves in the small boat to the submerged city in the distance.
Slowly motoring through the canals separating submerged buildings, I drive towards the mountain in the distance. People float on makeshift rafts, searching for useful items amongst flooded buildings. Approaching shore, structures become less submerged as the terrain rises. Onshore, I secure my boat to a tree.
Driving the motorbike with my backpack, I ascend through lush green jungle. Many families live in tents and cook on small campfires along the roadside- refugees from the city. The higher I climb the fewer people I see.
What if I drive to the other side of the island to my familys compound? Many wrongs could be righted, like stopping the men from attacking the compound, keeping my father from venturing to the town, and maybe convincing my parents not to leave me. I shake my head, knowing this is a dream that doesnt affect my real life.
Halfway up Mauna Kea the road steepens. The motorbike struggles from the incline, and high altitude air cools on my skin. An abandoned visitors center makes a perfect stopping point to change into warmer clothing. After the visitors center, the pavement ends and the narrow dirt road becomes a series of sharp switchbacks.
These switchbacks seem familiar. Another flashback- Allisons father is taking us to a wind turbine hes researching. Riding in the back seat of his government truck, every sharp corner Allison or I lean into the turn, attempting to push the other across the bench seat, laughing the entire way. Smiling at the fond memory, my mind returns to the present.
Several observatories emerge around a final bend back dropped against an amazing view of the vast ocean and neighboring island of Maui. Stopping the motorbike, I take in the spectacular sight. A wind turbine swiftly spins nearby, providing electricity. The observatories all stand alone without space to grow crops. Frigid, remote, and devoid of large structures, life here in my waking world is not possible. Haleakala towers on the horizon across the channel. It is time to move on to check the second location.
Passing through the lush green jungle and tent cities, I arrive in the outskirts of Hilo. With the motorbike secured inside the small boat, I motor towards the yacht anchored offshore. Breaking through choppy surf, I arrive alongside the yacht. After meticulously loading and securing my equipment, Im ready to leave for Maui. The sun has set behind the mountain. Ill stay anchored to sleep off the coast of Hilo for the night, feeling satisfied at eliminating the need for my actual journey up Mauna Kea.
Lying topside, I contemplate my current perspective as an aware dreamer. Twinkling stars emerge in the dark sky. A nearly full moon becomes visible near the eastern horizon. Taking in the beautiful sights, I know everything here is illusionary. I am actually lying inside the chamber in the compound on a frozen world. Manipulation of consciousness is amazing and convincing. Each of the sights, smells, sounds, and events I experience are just electrical signals in my brain. I occupy a universe of thoughts.
Although my purpose for experiencing events in this dream is not to entertain or distract me, I see a certain value is lost in knowing Im creating everything here. Playing out a story with no hint of struggle, fate, surprise, or higher power at work, the personal perspective has less meaning.
Somethings missing, but something is also gained. My sense of bodily confinement is gone and replaced with freedom. Everything here is alive as an amazing projection of my thought.
Chapter 9
Illuminated Dreams

The human doesnt see things as they are, but as he is.
-Racter

A seagull squawks and clumsily lands on the front of the yacht, pulling me from peaceful sleep. Groggy, I look at my watch. Just past eight. Standing and stretching, my sleep topside was refreshing. After breakfast, I clean up and prepare to sail to Maui. Ready for what lies ahead, I pull anchor and follow the coast north for several hours. The lush beauty of the Big Island disappears as I cross the choppy channel separating the islands.
Im glad I didnt quickly see the four places in my dream and then awaken. By actually traveling between the locations, an understanding is gained of the immense distances that will need to be covered across the ice. The yacht makes steady progress towards the southwest corner of Maui throughout the morning. Rounding the western side of Maui, the devastation the flooding inflicted on the coastal buildings becomes apparent.
By mid afternoon the yacht is anchored off the submerged resort city of Kihei on western Maui. The once luxurious hotels are now concrete shells being pummeled by waves. More substantial buildings stand in the distance, still above the risen surf. Imagining the beauty of this place, I see exactly how much damage the melting of the polar icecaps did to manmade structures around the world.
The tracking station on Haleakala can be visited tomorrow. Hungry for a steak dinner, I motor into shore towards the larger buildings remaining intact above the surf. Securely to a pole, I walk inland to a restaurant still open. Fully realizing this meal will be a creation from my dream desires and not a reflection of whats actually available at this time, I decide theres nothing wrong with a little artificial comfort along the way.
A warm and friendly atmosphere greets me. Wine, a juicy steak, some sauted vegetables, and small talk with the waitress- all a projection of my mind. Im willing to forget and enjoy, if just for the moment.
The clouds in the distant sky light up in a fiery red display during my short trip across the smooth waters back to the yacht. After stowing my gear, I return to the top deck and lie and watch the sky darken. I drift off to sleep.
In the morning Im refreshed and ready to explore Maui. After refueling the motorbike and small boat, I pack the usual supplies in preparation to ascend Haleakala. The handgun is left behind, because after creating the steak dinner, Im confidently in control of this dream. After a short trip to the coast, I secure the boat to the same pole used last night.
Paralleling the coast by motorbike for several miles, the old road weaves in an out of the surf, completely submerged at several points. I must drive in the dirt until the road rejoins dry land. Finally diverging from the surf, I drive inland and up the mountain. More makeshift tent villages full of refugees dot the landscape.
While steadily ascending the large peak, I gaze in awe of the breathtaking views of the valley below. Lanai and Molokai protrude from the water across the channel. A large shadow crosses the road on the pavement in front of the motorbike. A hang glider soars high above.
Another flashback- My father and I fly a kite by our house when Im young. It suddenly comes down with a crash next to my mother, startling her as she works in the garden nearby. We laugh. Returning memories are bittersweet. My family is missed but Im grateful for proof that my waking life wasnt always as empty as it is now.
Refocusing on driving up the winding road, I ascend above the thick forest where the terrain is sparsely populated with trees. A sign reads: Welcome to Haleakala National Park. The guardhouse at the entrance is abandoned. The landscape becomes more rocky and barren. Cool thin air hits my skin, so I stop and dress in warm clothes.
It is the middle of the morning, and I arrive on top of Haleakala. After peering down into the barren crater in awe, I see the satellite tracking station on a distant peak. The structure looks promising- a large building, powered by a wind turbine several hundred yards away. Whatever function this facility performs, the government decided its valuable enough to ensure it continues to have electricity. Parking the motorbike, I enter.
The interior of the building contains a large room with many computers and monitors. Forgetting for a moment that this is in my mind, I wonder where the workers are. The main room is as large as my compound and there are several additional small rooms. Reconfigured, its possible for someone to grow food here. Deciding that sustained life here is plausible, Im satisfied to find the first stop on my journey.
I return to the motorbike with renewed hope. Cheerfully riding down the mountain, I anxiously think about my next stop, Oahu. The ride back is quick and Im soon on the yacht. Watching the beauty of another fiery red sunset behind the neighboring Island of Lanai, I imagine what else is in store for me in this dream.
After eating dinner onboard, I lounge on the deck until the night sky fills with stars. Thanks to the darkness of the island from power shortages, countless stars are visible all around. Captivated by the Milky Way, its some time before I notice the brilliant full moon low on the horizon next to Maui. Viewing a full moon is similar to living life through an awakened perspective in this dream world.
The moon always exists as an object whether or not Im here to witness it. Regardless of what I see, half the surface is illuminated by the sun and half of it is hidden in the darkness. The amount of lit surface I see depends on my perspective from the earth. If Im perpendicular to the sun while I see the moon, I only see half of the moons illuminated face. The more my view is directly between the sun and moon, the more illuminated surface I see, until I reach the point of alignment with the light of the sun and see the entire full moon, just as it now appears.
This relates to being consciously awake in this dream life. My perspective in this reality is currently illuminated entirely by my consciousness of being the author and therefore Im in line with an illuminated perspective. When I usually dream, unaware of my authorship, I dont see the full truth of my being, and the objects I normally dream are lifeless. Coming from an aware perspective, I witness the full beauty of my world. A correct frame of consciousness allows this illuminated version of the same external reality to be experienced. The calm sea gently rocks the yacht in the warm evening air and causes me to drift asleep.
Chapter 10
A Familiar Face

Every intention sets energy in motion,
whether you are conscious of it or not.
-Gary Zukav

After leaving anchorage from Kihei in the morning, I follow the coast of Maui north. Early in the trip, the water spout of a whale bursts into the air. While appreciating my incredible surroundings, I discover life from my new perspective is more enjoyable every day.
During dream lifetimes inside the chamber, I regularly recreated the same circumstances, fearing if certain things were let go, part of my identity would disappear with them. Letting myself be defined by a dreams particulars, I missed many experiences. I lived in a state of fearful loss, not creative bliss. Even this awakened perspective isnt something I should attach to as nothing in it permanently defines me.
The beauty of northwestern Maui and surrounding islands is unsurpassed. Captivated, I decide to take one night off to enjoy the island. With ample time to explore the final two sites, hopefully stopping will help me understand this new state of living and myself more. The anchor splashes into the water and the yacht comes to a stop offshore of Kaanapali, another old vacation town on the northern coast of Maui. Several luxurious resorts protrude from the surf, mostly submerged.
With the yacht secure, I make my way to shore. A solitary intact resort stands above the flood line, which will hopefully be open for my night off. I walk past the pool and through the lounge area to the front desk. While approaching the counter, I do a double take after seeing the woman behind it. In the midst of picturing the last time I saw her, she makes eye contact.
Welcome to Kaanapali Resort, Im Allison. How may I help you? She says with a smile.
Well this is unexpectedLooking into her eyes I remember the kiss on top of the burning building just before awaking, and what we shared for those few moments. My mind is creating Allison here, again. Dont get overwhelmedDreams are designed to adapt and hold my attention, which was suddenly working very well Shes beautiful
Collected, I reply, Hi, Im Gabriel and on a trip between the islands in need of a place to stay for the night, do you have anything available?
Of course sir, we have plenty of rooms, will a king size suite meet your needs?
Thatll be perfect.
She fills in some paperwork behind the desk. I gaze into her eyes. Just a creation in my mind, I whisper to myself, but the kiss we shared, and all of the other memories Im recalling. In the midst of being carried away, my thoughts are interrupted-
Here is your key sir. Your room is down the hall to the right on the first floor. I hope you enjoy your stay.
Smiling, I say, Thanks for everything.
Walking to my room, the hotel is almost empty. The room has breathtakingly beautiful ocean views. In front of the ocean spans a lush tropical garden. Appreciating the beauty, I know its all going to be frozen and barren landscape in a few weeks. The nuclear winter will drastically change this world, stripping the landscape before me of life.
After putting away my things and taking a shower, I turn on a small, portable radio and find some news. Listening to the broadcasts of turmoil, I get another flashback- Watching television with my parents, I see people starving from massive food and water scarcities in Asia and Africa North Korean troops crossing the demilitarized zone into South Korea Explosions over Seoul... Militaries of India and Pakistan amassing along the border, tensions peak... Sensing my parents anxiety, I feel uneasy I snap back, knowing what this madness will soon bring.
Pausing, I fill my lungs with a deep breath, and know the flashbacks are from events that already happened. The reports on the radio now are inside a dream that has no impact on my waking life. Turning the radio off, I decide to focus on enjoying my night on Maui.
After exploring the hotel I find myself by the ocean. Near the waterline next to the hotel, I walk through a forest that the rising surf invades, evidenced by the exposed roots from washed out soil. The coast directly behind the hotel contains no submerged buildings, and soon a pod of dolphins swims past. Children swing from a branch overhanging the surf, laughing and splashing.
What else does this place hold in store? After returning to the poolside bar, I relax and order a drink. While waiting for my drink Allison catches my attention. Shes talking to a waitress on the far side of the pool and out of her uniform, so her shift at the reception counter mustve ended. The waitress shes with leaves, so I take my drink and walk over.
Making eye contact, I approach her and say, Hi Allison, thanks for the great room.
Youre welcome. You look familiar. Have we met before today?
Not wanting the conversation to be about my dreams, I reply, This is my first time in Kaanapali, but Ive traveled a lot. Youre very familiar too. We mustve known each other in another life. We both laugh and I continue, Are you done working for the day?
Yes, I just finished and came by the pool to unwind for a little. Youre Gabriel, right?
Looking at her beautiful smile, I decide to see what else hides behind that pretty face. What wouldve happened if there was time for more than just a kiss on top of the burning building in my last dream? Even knowing shes a projection in my mind of my childhood friend Allison as an adult, I want to find out more of this particular womans story anyways.
Yes, Im Gabriel. Are you from Maui?
No, Im actually from Oahu. My familys house was just outside the floodwall around Honolulu and Waikiki and was swept away by the rising ocean about five years ago. My parents sent me here to live with my aunt and uncle. After I arrived, I was fortunate enough to get a job at this resort.
She continues, Where are you from, and what do you do?
Thinking for a moment how to explain we are both in my dream and I actually exist alone in a frozen wasteland, I decide to bend the truth slightly.
I live on the Big Island and work with geothermal energy.
Partially the truth, but not wanting to elaborate, I change the subject.
Whats fun to do around here?
She pauses and replies, Horseback riding, hiking, and snorkeling, just to name a few things.
Just then, a dolphin jumps out of the water and high in the air near the shore, catching my attention.
Have you ever been swimming with those dolphins? I point to the group of fins in the water, circling where the dolphin landed.
None of my friends are adventurous enough to go near them, but I always wondered what it would be like.
Do you have a swimsuit here? I ask.
I keep one in my work locker. She gives me an inquisitive look.
Meet me back here in five minutes in your swimsuit, and Ill go with you.
She softly giggles, Ok, Ill meet you back here.
Soon back in my room, I quickly change, take a towel and hurry back to the pool. Minutes later, Allison emerges at the top of the stairs with two sets of snorkel gear. Its hard not to stare at her slender and fit body while she walks down the stairs. Her attractive figure and beautiful face approach.
Were you waiting long? she asks.
Not at all, I was just enjoying the scenery.
She hands me a set of snorkel gear and we continue to the shoreline. As soon as were near the water she quickly jumps in and swims towards the pod of dolphins.
Come on Gabriel! she yells from a few yards off shore.
I jump in, and swiftly swim towards the dolphins a distance away. Approaching the pod, with several dorsal fins just a few yards away, I momentarily have second thoughts as to if this is a good idea. The current soon takes us right in the middle of the pod. I remind myself that Im creating this and nothing in this world can hurt us if I dont want it to.
Swimming in the middle of the pod is beyond description. Dolphins swim below and around us, doing flips and tricks in all directions. Looking underwater with the snorkel and mask, I hear their sonic communication. The variable pitch of sequential dolphin calls plays in an underwater symphony. After floating amongst the pod for twenty minutes they swim away, leaving us alone in a calm area near the coast.
While treading water, Allison looks into my eyes, and says, Thank you Gabriel that was fun.
Ive never seen anything like that before!
We both smile and swim into shore to dry off. Once dry, we walk back towards the pool, smiling and laughed from the fun.
That was the most excitement Ive had in as long as I can remember. One of the baby dolphins came right up to me! She laughs.
I reply, It was for me too. Im surprised how fast they move.
Yeah, its incredible.
Not wanting our time together to end, I ask, So do you have anywhere that you need to be tonight?
No, why do you ask?
Would you like to have dinner at the restaurant in the resort?
Her eyes light up, Gabriel, Id love to! Can we sit by the pool for a little while first?
Of course, do you want a drink?
Sure, Ill take a Mojito.
We pass a waitress and I order two drinks. The pool area is empty, so we take two comfortable lounge chairs next to each other in the sun. Moments after sitting down in the warmth of the afternoon, our drinks arrive. Theres no way this moment can be any better. That very thought, of course, is why its happening.
Chapter 11
Lost In A Dream On Maui

If you believe in forever, then life is just a one-night stand.
-Righteous Brothers

Still intrigued and somewhat in disbelief that Allison is with me in this dream, I want to learn as much as possible about her. I see why I carry her through my dreams, because she consumes my undivided attention. But I dont mind.
So, what was life on the island of Oahu like?
She explains, When I was in high school ten years ago, global warming took its heaviest toll on Oahu. The ocean already rose, but the flooding was controllable. I still remember the day water rushed over the primitive shoring, down the streets, and into our living room. So many people lived so close to the water on Oahu and since walling the entire coast was impossible, losses were cut. All resources were invested in the Honolulu-Waikiki wall, encircling both cities. Homes everywhere else, including ours werent cost-effective to save, so now fish swim in my bedroom.
After we lost the house, we lived off of aide from the mainland in a tent city inland. Eventually, even the mainland had resource shortages, after which Hawaii was neglected. Over a million people tried to live off the small island and surrounding waters.
Life is tough there now, whether you are inside or outside the wall. My parents were able to get me here where its a little better, but I havent heard from them for some time. I think about them a lot, and wish they could come here, but they are staying to care for my grandmother who is too ill to make a boat trip over here.
Feeling deep sympathy for her, I wish theres a way to help her. Seeing life there firsthand sounds interesting, but for today I want nothing else but to enjoy Allisons company. The mood lightens after we share several funny stories, most of which I have to fabricate.
While sitting by the pool, we laugh and drink as the sun begins to set. Eventually we walk back down to the water and watch the fiery red sun slowly disappear. The sun vanishes behind the low clouds near Lanai in the distance, painting the sky a bright red and orange mosaic. I look into Allisons eyes and bring my lips towards hers. While we deeply kiss, I feel the same connection in my heart that we shared on the roof of the burning building.
She looks at me, smiling, Gabriel, Im glad you washed up on this beach.
 I am glad I washed up here too.
We stand together, holding hands until the sun is far below the horizon and the brilliant sky turns purple and then dark. We agree to meet outside my room before dinner, so I tell her my room number before she leaves to change. After changing myself, I sit on my lanai, listening to the waves crashing on the shore. The quiet night is interrupted by her knock on the door. I open to Allison, elegantly standing before me in a white dress.
You look beautiful, are the only words I can get out.
Thank you Gabriel, you look handsome yourself.
We walk to dinner at the hotel restaurant. While waiting for our food we discuss everything imaginable. Allisons sense of humor, smarts, and beauty grow on me with every passing moment.
The main course is pasta and seafood, which we wash down with plenty of wine. On a few occasions, I become lost in her eyes and imagine myself creating a life with her in this place. Towards the end of dinner, I realize its been several hours since Ive remembered this is a dream, and Ive been living from my limited perspective of being caught up in the circumstances. The right experience really can capture my attention, making me forget whats real.
After dinner, we go to the hotel bar, which has music and dancing. Dancing in each others arms for several hours, we lose track of time, staying until closing. While walking back to my room, we talk about the fun we had over the course of the night. Outside the room, I invite Allison in for another drink.
We sit on the bed to talk. Leaning over, I kiss her again. I pull a short distance away, and she smiles while looking deeply into my eyes.
Today was the happiest Ive ever felt, she whispers.
I am so happy we met once again. Against all sensibilities, I feel myself falling for her. Soon, we kiss even deeper and slowly take off our clothes. Throughout the rest of the night, we make intensely passionate love, existing as one on the thin membrane separating the world of bodily sensation from a realm where any separation is unknown. After blissfully alternating between the two realms for an indiscernible time period, we fall asleep in each others arms.
*****
The morning sunbeams shine across our faces through the glass, gently waking us.
I lay next to her, realizing I found an indescribable new sense of happiness in this dream. Its now clear why I was willing to die for Allison in the fire on the roof of the building in my previous dream- because our true existence is somewhere else, untouched by circumstance. I know my purpose in this dream isnt to become lost in love, but I decide that one more day on this island with Allison cant hurt.
Allisons calls the desk, taking the day off. The day is filled with sitting by the pool, walking on the beach, and in each others arms. One day turns into two, which turns into three. Every passing moment I fall more in love with her.
With the breeze rushing through our hair, we take the motorbike down narrow cliff hugging roads, overlooking picturesque landscapes. After swimming for hours on a secluded beach, we hike into a forest preserve, eating delicious fresh guavas as we journey into the dense jungle. The trail breaks out of the forest onto a vast overlook high on the mountain, where we share a passionate kiss. The days blend together.
On the fifth day, I take her to the yacht. We sail north to Molokai and explore the striking scenery. Rounding the secluded eastern tip, a large valley stretches before us, eroded from the huge waterfall in the distance. Passing around to the isolated north shore, we stare in awe at a massive sheer cliff face, spanning most of the island. Cascading waterfalls tumble down the rocks, carving valleys filled with lush green jungle. Sailing further east, we sit offshore the old leper colony at Kalaupapa. The tiny structures are mostly submerged by the risen ocean. A few remaining intact buildings near the cliff face are completely cut off from the rest of the island. Returning to the resort on Maui for the night, we witness another beautiful sunset.
The morning of the sixth day, we return to the yacht, this time sailing south around Lanai and Kahoolawe islands. Two whales swim off to our left, spraying water into the air. Exhausted, we fall asleep in each others arms on the gently rocking deck. Days merge into a blur of passion and Allison fills my heart and mind.
On the eighth night, we ride my motorbike to her aunt and uncles house up the mountain. Over the course of dinner, I learn more about her family. Feeling right at home, we talk in the living room while eating dessert for several hours until they go to sleep. Now quiet, we turn on a small battery powered radio to find music while lying together on the couch.
Searching amongst static, a news program weakly comes through.
The reporter announces, The nation of Israel has been attacked by a nuclear weapon from an undisclosed neighbor. Return nuclear missiles have been launched, and the Israeli Military is preparing an all-out military invasion with assistance from allies.
The alarming report instantly and horrifically snaps me from my carefree state. Dropping the radio, I remember exactly whats going to happen to this world.
Jumping from the couch, I say, Allison, Im sorry, but I need to return to my boat and leave.
Stunned and confused, she follows me outside to my motorbike in the driveway. Distress fills her face.
I dont understand. A tear rolls down her cheek.
Grasping her arm, I look into her eyes, Something terrible is about to happen, and I needed to go to Kauai quickly. The safest place for you is here.
She begs, Please take me with you, I love you more than anything and want to be wherever you are.
I look into her eyes while tears roll down her face.
Allison, I love you, and will find you again soon, I promise. But I need to do this alone, Im sorry.
I sit on the motorbike while she looks me in the eyes.
Gabriel, Ill wait for you.
While kissing her, one of her tears transfers to my cheek. Turning away, I quickly speed into the night, leaving her standing in the driveway. As strongly as I feel for her, I know shes a product of my dream and will disappear into the desires of my subconscious mind when I soon awaken.
Chapter 12
Facing Awakened Death

Divest yourself of the thought that there can be substance in matter, and the movements and transitions now possible for mortal mind will be found to be equally possible for the body. Then being will be recognized as spiritual, and death will be obsolete
-Mary Baker Eddy

Parking the motorbike outside the hotel after nightfall, I rush to my room. Without checking out I load my gear and motorbike on the small boat and speed towards my yacht offshore. Only two days remain before the final nuclear attack. Ill bypass Oahu for now and go directly to Kauai, returning only if theres time.
The yacht cuts through the dark ocean in the night. After passing between Lanai and Molokai, I speed across the dim channel towards Oahu. Well into the night, the southern coast of Oahu stretches to my right.
Speckles of orange light emanate from campfires scattered across the mountainside, dotting the landscape. Is Allisons family sitting next to one of the tiny fires? The partial moon light faintly outlines the city skyline. I imagine people living inside the wall in darkness, enduring the chaos. Passing Oahu, I hope to return in the light of day before the attack.
Sailing until dawn, I approach Kauai just as the sun breaks the horizon to my back, outlining the island in the distance. After anchoring the boat, I realize I havent slept since last night. Exhausted, I go below for a nap.
Lying down, Im on the verge of sleep. My dream world seems incredibly substantial when I allow it. Missing Allison, I know I couldve easily spent an entire lifetime exploring my love for her, and create a life seeming to have meaning. Seeing how convincing my interactions are, its apparent that intense pleasure is a trap capable of binding even an awakened mind. What makes the world Ill wake to any more meaningful? Is it my belief in a meaning there that makes it substantial? Only time will sort this question out. Lying in the bed below, I drift into unconsciousness amongst the gently rocking waves.
*****
Waking with the morning sun higher in the sky, Im refreshed from the short but restful nap. After loading the small boat, I lower it into the water. With the lush green island spread before me, I motor towards the coast. Massive wind turbines spin on the southern tip of the island in the distance.
Once the boat is tied to a tree by a clearing, I unload the motorbike and make my way through some brush to crumbling pavement above the flood. The motorbike picks up speed while carrying me to the wind turbines. The breeze cools my warm skin in the heat of the late morning. No cars, but only a few people on bicycles share the road.
I approach a side road leading to the wind turbines. Turning towards the spinning towers, a sign reads, Welcome to Herrington Wind Turbine Farm. Did Allison make it here ok? Any interaction with her or her parents is just my dream projection and isnt my awakened reality. With only the purpose of exploring the facility, I enter.
Several medium sized structures sit between the bases of the turbines. There are eight buildings, with a collective size thats several times my compound. This place shows the most promise of supporting life in my world.
An older man checks a box at the base of one of a wind turbine. Approaching the man who must be a technician, I ask several questions about the complex machines.
Hello sir, Im Gabriel. I was passing by and these turbines caught my curiosity. Do you have a moment?
Looking at me in wonder, he states, Im David. Got all the time in the world, how can I help you?
How long will the turbines last?
With proper maintenance, you can get fifty years or more out of one of these beauties.
Interesting, do they still work up in the arctic in freezing temperatures?
He replies, As a matter of fact, I worked in Alaska on similar ones some time back. They tolerate any temperature, even if I dont.
Impressive, well I wont take up any more of your time, thanks for the info.
Any time, you take care now. He returns to work.
These structures could still be inhabited in my world. Journeying here will be worth the extra effort. Looking at my watch, theres only a few hours left before sunset. With plenty of time to make it to Oahu before the final attack in two mornings, I ride the motorbike to the boat and motor back to the yacht anchored in the distance.
Steering towards Pearl Harbor at full speed, I take a breath and realize theres just one more place to visit before I awake and embark on my real journey. Imagining the vast channel between Oahu and Kauai Im speeding across as frozen solid, I consider how challenging itll be to cross. However I attempt it, itll be a daunting task.
Continuing towards Oahu, the sun sinks lower and lower in the sky behind me. Oahu faintly appears on the horizon, so I steer in the direction of the southern coast. The sun sets while approaching the island in the early evening. Countless boats, canoes, and kayaks return to shore after a long day of fishing. Considering the large number of fishing craft everywhere, there cant be any fish remaining in these waters.
Approaching the southeastern coast of Oahu in the twilight, the island is covered with flooded communities in the process of being swept out to sea. The destruction around me intensifies as I sail on top of what used to be Pearl Harbor, dropping anchor off the new shoreline. Stretched before me in the night are the faint outlines of submerged houses and buildings extending to the rising mountain. To the east, the tops of the buildings from the skyline of Honolulu and Waikiki protrude from behind the massive retaining wall. An elevated freeway leads into the walled city from the west.
Sitting on the deck of the yacht, overlooking the landscape, I think about the destruction of this city and its inhabitants looming deaths, including my own in this dream world. While contemplating dying, another flashback- Im a young boy and my family is at Allisons brother Gregs funeral just after he was killed by the looters. With everyone standing around his fresh grave deep within the forest, many words are spoken by both families, expressing what he meant to everyone and how much hell be missed. In our state of grief and sadness, we all feel a part of ourselves is gone. My father speaks words of wisdom:
The good person he was lives on in each of us he left behind. This good is indestructible, and will last forever.
I feel Greg in each of us. Knowing how devastated Allison is, I wish theres more that can be done for her family. Tears roll down her face, her pain pouring to the surface.
Flashing to the present, I contemplate death. Will my imminent death here really be a death? Are these people who inhabit my dream alive? Am I alive in this dream? What in this dream defines me? What part of me can die? Everything here is a projection of my thoughts based on another reality. When the city before me is soon destroyed, Ill still exist. Even when my body dies Ill still exist, simply awakening inside the chamber. Death has no power over me here.
I am nothing in this world yet at the same time everything is inside me because its the projection of my thoughts. Tracing myself back further, I see that Im the desire for the thought to be projected. Desires continually change, so I trace myself further to the unchangeable- the only thing that is always here in every circumstance, whether dreaming or awake.
As the witness to all experience, Im the eternal awareness that exists in both my dreaming and waking worlds. This is my key to living free from being bound to limited definitions. With thousands of tiny campfires stretching far up the mountainside, I peacefully fall asleep in the calm waters off the coast.
Chapter 13
Burning To Awaken

Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.
-Carl Jung

Opening my eyes, I know its the last day to explore Oahu and the walled city. There arent any nuclear submarines in port, but one could still return sometime after the attack, prior to the freeze. Since its on the way to Kauai, Ill stop in my world to see if anyone lives here. With that decided, I can spend the rest of my time exploring. Setting the alarm on my watch to just prior to the final attack, nine am tomorrow, Im assured to witness the catastrophic event.
After going ashore at an onramp to the elevated freeway, I ride the motorbike towards the encompassed downtown. Several rusty abandoned vehicles line the sides of the highway, intermixed with tents and pedestrians. A military convoy passes me in the opposite direction.
After crossing over the large floodwall, the freeway sharply drops to the ground level of the city below. Taking the first ramp, I drive towards downtown Honolulu. People swarm the streets, pushing carts filled with meager belongings. Rudimentary shelters constructed from any available materials fill the alleys and side roads. Picturing the contrast of the formerly beautiful city with this present ugly habitat filled with turmoil makes me cringe.
Weaving the motorbike between pedestrians, I drive towards the larger buildings in the heart of the city. The former financial buildings have become dirty and broken structures. Street vendors sell goods from curbside stands. Ill find a place to sleep inside these walls for the night. Turning east towards Waikiki, I parallel the base of the massive retaining wall. Waikiki contains many hotels and few tourists, so it should have somewhere to stay.
Steadily making my way along the base of the massive concrete wall keeping the ocean at bay, I imagine water high above my head on the other side. I picture how this came to be when the balance of global warming tipped. A beautiful sunset across a flat ocean is suddenly is replaced by a wall of sandbags, then construction cranes, and finally bland concrete. The Earth wont die tomorrow during the nuclear attack, but slowly died long ago from humanitys conscious decision of refusing to change over the last five or six generations.
Arriving in Waikiki midday, I drive the streets, looking for somewhere to sleep. Former luxurious hotels are in shambles. Less order exists here, evidenced by yelling from balconies and fights in the street. Stopping in front of a relatively intact structure, an old sign reads, Hilton Hawaiian Village. After walking through the door, I approach an older man behind a counter.
Hello, Im looking for a room for the night, is this hotel in business?
Snickering, he replies, Tourism dried up years ago. The government housing act converted these hotels to residences for people who lived in flooded houses outside the wall. Are you from Oahu?
Im from the Big Island and here for one night. Heres five-hundred dollars for a room.
Money is of no value here, son. The only currency is food and water. Bring me something I can use and Ill put you in a room.
Ok, Ill be back.
Riding the motorbike, I pass a food cart a few blocks away. Approached the man behind it, I ask, What do you want for your cart of fruit?
He replies, What do you got?
All I have is this motorbike with a half of a tank of gas. Would you trade it for your cart?
His face lights up, You have yourself a deal, Sir. I can visit my daughter on the North Shore!
Joyfully riding off on my motorbike, Im left with his fruit cart. After wheeling the cart back to the old hotel, I enter the lobby. Approaching the reception desk, I tell the man behind the counter, Half of this cart is yours for a room.
Smiling, he annoyingly states, Ok, but I get to pick which half of the fruit.
The man gives me a key to a room on an upper floor. After filling my backpack with some of the remaining fruit, I leave the rest of the cart under his supervision for the time being. Fifteen flights of stairs and a long corridor later, I arrive in my room, sweating profusely.
The dirty room has no water or sheets, but a nice view. Out on the balcony I overlook Honolulu and the top of the flood wall to the west. The waves on edge of the risen ocean are just below the top of the concrete. Would these people be able to extend the wall any higher if the ocean had been given the time to continue rising? Its doubtful.
Looking at my watch, I have sixteen hours until the final attack and my awakening from the dream. Wanting to see firsthand what the people at the end of this world have become, Ill walk the streets later. The only thing keeping me attached to this dream state is my curiosity to witness the end first hand.
After lounging around in the room for some time, the sun sets in the western sky, viewable over the wall from only a few high buildings. With the sun down, I return to the front desk and take the fruit cart, pushing it out onto the street. I hand out pieces of fruit to a few hungry beggars, and soon a crowd of people follows me surrounding the cart. Overwhelmed by the mob, I walk away, leaving it to the hungry pack of wolves to swarm like a prey. A fight breaks out around the cart, which I am glad to have no part of.
The center of Waikiki holds many interesting sights. Men crowd around a fire, cooking on one street and down the next is a police officer pointing a flashlight into the face of a man motionless against the wall. A portable music box plays and people dance to my right and two women beg me for my last piece of fruit to my left. Finally, a crowd surrounds two men fighting and yelling loudly.
Theres nothing left in this place except violence and aggression in its many appalling forms. A building sits off on its own, in quiet solitude. Peering into a window, several people sit on the floor in guided meditation. Upon entering the quiet room, I join them on the floor and listen to the leader in the front conducting the guided exercise.
He speaks in a quiet and calm voice, Allow your mind to relax and become one with the present moment.
A part of me wants this experience, thats why it appears in my dream. Closing my eyes, I go along with it.
We are not our thoughts, we are not our circumstance. Go to that place between your thoughts and between your circumstances.
Thoughts surface about my present experience in this dream, and I allow them pass, knowing Ill soon awaken and theyre of no value. More thoughts, this time of my own death here flood in. Any future here is a dream and death is awakening. The thoughts pass. Approaching a void state between thoughts, several vivid images and memories of my past pull me back.
Eating dinner with my parents when Im young, Im surrounded by a caring familyVOIDMy father and I hike through the woodsVOIDAllison and her family play on the beach with usVOIDWe adopt a dog, nursing him back to health. Refocusing in the present, I find peace in the void between thoughts. Like the ocean behind the wall around this city, thoughts try to flood in through any crack.
Captivating memories and images from different lifetimes in the chamber come. As a lawyer, I fight for my client in a courtroom. Justice must exist in the worldVOID Desperately trying to save the life of a young boy, as a paramedic I fight for the health of humanityVOIDInside a collapsed building I dig through rubble to preserve human lifeVOIDIm a soldier, charging an entrenched gun nest, firing my rifle at a stranger. My nation will remain safeVOIDI return to the present between each vivid memory.
Upping the ante, my mind displays the most captivating memories to pull my attention back to it. Inside the compound, my parents have left me alone. Emerging into an empty life, over several days I put together the pieces of what happened. Distraught, I search for them, forced back into the compound by a blizzard. Waiting for them to return, Im devastated and alone. Without a purpose I consider ending my life, but chose to enter the chamber insteadVOID.I settle in the quiet place beyond even this memory.
Becoming the witness, the thoughts and memories cease. From this heightened viewpoint I understand how everything that plays out inside this dream stems from somewhere in my mind. My desire is the source of all objects manifested here. Seeing my death the following morning I fully embraced the transition of awakening back into my reality. Every death in my dreams is the end of one story which allows for another to begin.
Snapping back, I open my eyes while everyone around me remains in a deep state of quiet concentration. With far greater understanding of myself, I quietly stand and leave the meditation center. Walking through the chaotic streets, I enter the hotel and return upstairs to my room. Falling asleep on the old mattress its clear tomorrow will be a very short day.
*****
Beepbeepbeepbeepthe alarm on my wristwatch pierces my deep sleep. Nine oclock.  Standing, I emerge on to the balcony, the bright morning makes me squint. The streets of Honolulu eerily sleep. Stillness is abruptly interrupted by blaring sires, echoing between the buildings throughout the city. The ear-piercing noise resonates below, causing people to run through the streets in panic.
Off the west coast, a naval warship sequentially launches several intercept missiles. Additional missiles are launched from a land platform higher in the mountains. They disappear into the clouds, only delaying the inevitable.
Towards the center of the island, blindingly bright light fills all space. My thoughts turn to Allisons family and the man who took my motorbike over the mountain. After quickly ducking into my room, a swift pressure and heat wave passes the room. Diving behind the thick bed, I hear glass windows shatter. A burning electrical smell fills the air, but Im unharmed.
Back on the balcony, most of the distant mountain side is afire. The city and retaining wall are still intact, but this was just the first strike. Bracing for the end, I look down at people screaming below. The edges of my vision outline in the familiar calming colored energy pattern I experienced just prior to awakening from the burning roof with Allison. The energy pattern expands to the center of my focus, until the entire ocean and all the buildings are overlaid in the serene light.
Raising my arms in the air above my head, I smile as a brilliant flash erupts above the city, drowning my body in brightness. Instantly detaching from the sensation of my body, I merge with the calming light overlaying my dream. Any desire to remain in this dream world incinerates with my body- Im ready to reawaken.
Chapter 14
Preparing For The Journey

Its never too late to be what you might have been.
-George Elliot

I slowly regain the sensation of my body, lying in the chamber. I remember my dream as a fireman, my awakening here and decision to find meaning, the awakened dream throughout in the Hawaiian Islands, and all the flashbacks of my life. It all occurred in only two days time. Im still trying to develop a relationship to time across my realities.
Climbing out of the chamber, I enter the library and continue making plans for my journey using the knowledge gained inside the dream. Ill visit Haleakala on Maui, Pearl Harbor on Oahu, and finally the wind turbine farm on Kauai. The next hurdle is traveling to these distant places. Taking out a new map, draw my route over the frozen ocean.

Analyzing the map, the vast majority of my journey will traverse 400 miles of ice each way. All options are considered. Walking the vast distance and towing a large sled of supplies behind me is the most primitive. This journey will take around forty or fifty days each way if I cover ten miles a day. There must be a faster way. Exploring the towns along the way, maybe I can find a working vehicle somewhere. This option is extremely uncertain and highly unlikely to be successful. Can I build a vehicle?
People used to regularly sail around these islands when there was a liquid ocean. Is it possible to build a wind powered vehicle, capable of traveling on the surface of the ice? Taking some paper and a pencil, I go to the kitchen to eat while drawing potential blueprints. Over the course of a fresh meal and after several failed drafts, I sketch plans for a sled powered by sail:

Building my contraption will be an even greater challenge. With the exception of a few items in the storage room, there are no parts in the compound. Where I need to go to find the necessary materials will make for a long day. Finishing the meal, I pack a backpack with food and water. I don a cold weather suit, fold the blueprints for the sail sled in my pocket and load and sling the rifle.
Emerging into the frozen world, the frigid air stings my exposed face. I pull the neck of my coat tight against my skin. The morning sky is dark, what little light gets through is reflected by the snowy white terrain. This is my first time outside in at least two days, probably much longer. Making my way towards the town below, I wonder- How often do I leave the compound?
After walking over an hour, I finally approach the outskirts of the quiet town. Seeing the abandoned buildings, another flashback- Im looking for my father as a teenager. In a state of fear and panic, I feel alone. Returning to the present, a residual uneasiness is still here so I chamber a round, making sure the rifle is ready to use. No signs of life exist around the significantly weathered buildings.
Knowing a large sail is the most obscure item needed, I meticulously look through the yard of every house I pass for an old sailboat. Hiking up and down the empty residential streets for the greater part of an hour, nothing is found. Approached the final street, another flashback- Im here in search of my father. Everything described in the journal including the cannibals, the fight, and rescuing my father vividly enters returns. Freezing in terror I fully recall what happened on this street long ago.
A few moments pass before Im able to bring myself beyond the terrifying memories, and continue to walk up the street. Rifle drawn, I slowly make my way towards the house where my father was held captive. Cautiously walking in front of the garage, I look inside from the street a safe distance away. The steel drum is still in the driveway, although deteriorated significantly. The faint outline of two mounds at the edge of the garage and two more inside must be the remnants of the men I fought that night.
My adrenaline spikes with another flashback- The eyes of four men charging me glazed over with intent to kill. The struggle fills me with rage. The knife slashes my stomach, followed by more struggle. My attackers are motionless. Returning to the present, its apparent I killed all four men during my fathers rescue.
Calming myself, I realize theres nothing else here to see. Leaving the scene, the rifle is relaxed at my side. I refocus on finding building materials for the sail sled.
Continuing up the street, I search. Rounding a bend, my eyes light up. In the distance sits a medium sized sailboat on a trailer in front of a house. The outside is weathered from years of exposure but hopefully it contains a sail and rigging. Climbing on top, I peer into the dark hull. Neatly folded in the front compartment is a large sail, exactly what I need. Removing the canvas sail and several old ropes I decide to assemble the sail sled here in the driveway. Searching nearby houses and yards, I scavenge for the remaining necessary materials.
Over the course of the day, I collect all the materials for my plan and begin to assemble the triangular wooden frame and attach steel skis. Making great progress throughout the day, I suddenly realize- its going to get really dark soon. I quickly secure the construction materials and expeditiously return to the compound. Attempting to retrace my previous tracks, the sky darkens.
*****
I arrive home after nightfall and enter the warmth of the compound.  Chilled to the bone, I need a warm shower. On my way through the compound, I pass the bedroom, and have a flashback- My parents scream and struggle the night the intruders attacked. I pass the library having a different flashback- My mother sits on the couch next to me, explaining a book about the science of dreaming. Continuing to the shower, I pass the exercise equipment and receive yet another flashback- My father spots me while I bench press. Returning to the present, I intensely miss their company.
Under the stream of warm water in the shower, I try to get past my thoughts, just like in the awakened dream. The void between is my only escape from the loneliness and pain of the returning memories. Beginning to understand who I am through these memories, I see why I often yearn for escape. I must avoid clinging to the memories and their emotional pain, which is easier said than done.
Finishing the warm shower, I go to the kitchen with some more fruit. In the kitchen, another flashback- Cooking some freshly picked vegetables with my mother. My sadness grows with every returning memory of my parents. Gripped and overwhelmed by intense loneliness, I desperately need to handle these thoughts. The chamber would take them away. I fantasize about a distracting life inside, with Allison.
Breaking with the line of thinking about the using chamber, I refuse to sacrifice all the progress made. After walking through the greenhouse to ease the painful memories, I return to the library and see the volumes of journals chronicling all the time Id already lived a dream. Refocusing on getting between the thoughts as the witness, my mind returns to a calm state. I need to do something constructive to help me hasten my departure away from the things that are causing me to recall the past.
Back in the kitchen, I take stock of how much food remains. There are about twenty large bags of dried fruit, vegetables, and peanuts on storage shelves. This will last about a month. I need enough food to get me all the way to Kauai and back, as well as a supply thats ready to harvest after returning. There lots of work to be done.
In the greenhouse, I work down the aisles, picking all the ripe crops, replanting new seeds as I go. Throughout the night, I pick all the remaining food and fill the massive dehydration machines. Exhausted after finishing the harvest in the early hours of the morning, Im just happy to avoid entering the chamber for another day.
Waking the following morning on the kitchen floor, Im stiff from an uncomfortable nights sleep. Standing up and stretching, I finish cleaning out the food dehydrators. After refilling them with a fresh crop, I take stock once again and ensure nothing is missed. Walking back through the greenhouse, I brush some leaves overhanging an aisle.
Passing the leaves triggers a flashback- Im a child, running after Allison down a narrow trail in the forest by her house. Were about nine and I chase her through the dense foliage. Catching her by a stream, we both laugh.
Gabriel, what do you think its like to kiss someone? she asks.
I reply, I dont know, it must be pretty good if my parents do it all the time.
She leans over, kissing me on the cheek and runs back down the path, laughing. This innocent childhood kiss is the only one I know of Ive had outside a dream. Returning to the greenhouse, I desperately miss her and everyone else constantly remembered. Its now necessary to continuously force each thought and memory to pass without attachment, especially the ones involving entering the chamber.
Chapter 15
Breaking The Cycle

I dont want to be the one, the battles always choose.
Cause inside I realize, that Im the one confused
Im breaking the habit tonight.
-Linkin Park

Gardening, dehydrating, and packing food and supplies are what I use to distract myself for the rest of the day. By evening, thirty-five bags of food are prepared, which should be enough for the journey. Exhausted from working all day and continuously trying to train myself not to attach to the memories, I lay on the bed to sleep. Needing to get out of the compound and away from the places that stimulate recollection of my past, tomorrow Ill go to town to finish the sail sled.
Sometime during the night, I dream of running across a frozen landscape, trying to escape pursuers. My feet sinking into the snow, I barely make headway. Just when theyre going to catch me, I wake in a cold sweat.
Realizing Im ok, I get out of bed and take a warm shower. Thinking about this dream, I wonder- Whats the difference between a chamber and a sleep dream? The chamber provides electrical stimulation, causing me to remember the entire dream, but who is to say that I dont live full lifetimes in every sleeping dream, but dont remember? Both experiences can be equally vivid and real while engrossed in them. Finishing my hot shower, I dress in warm clothes.
After eating fresh fruits and vegetables, I decide to get out of the compound soon before more of flashbacks return. Six bags of dried food are placed in a large backpack. After donning my weather suit I return to the frozen world, the rifle still at my side.
After a little over an hour of fast-paced hiking, I arrive at the unassembled sail sled, just how I left it. The bags of food and other gear fit nicely inside. Knowing there will be ample storage space in the sail sled after its finished, I move the supplies out of the way inside the sailboat on the trailer and return to my work.
Diligently, I assemble the sail sled through the morning and early afternoon. It needs to be light enough to be moved by the wind, but strong enough to stay together under the stress. If it breaks in middle of nowhere itll be a disaster. I finish my work late in the afternoon.
The sail sled has a triangle shaped base with two fixed steel rails on either side. The forward corner of the base houses a movable ski, enabling control from my feet inside the body of the vehicle. A small bench with a backrest is mounted in the rear center where I sit and sail it. The sail is supported from the mast taken from the sail boat. Comparing the sled to my original drawings, they look surprisingly similar.
Its getting late in the day once again so I pack the supplies into the completed sled and hike back up to the compound with a sense of accomplishment. Tomorrow will be the real test on the ice below. Building the sled was such a distraction, I didnt think about the chamber or the painful memories the entire day. Upon returning to the compound, I crawl into bed and fall fast asleep.
*****
After waking in the early morning, I eat a quick breakfast. Carrying the backpack with six more bags of food Im excited to leave and try my new contraption. Arriving at the sail sled in under an hour, I quickly load it with all of the supplies. Towing the sled down the rough mountain slope to the ice wont be easy.
Pulling the sled for most of the morning, my excited state gradually turns to frustration due to the difficulty maneuvering across the jagged and frozen landscape. If any repairs need to be done on the sail sled theyll have to be done on the ice below, because getting the sled back up this hill isnt possible. Approaching the edge of the ice, my excitement returns.
Decently strong winds on the ice give me added confidence that the sail sled will work. The sled passes from the frozen rocky landscape and glides onto the smooth icy surface. Have I ever ventured down here since the freeze? There havent been any flashbacks, so I doubt it. After rigging the sail offshore, I sit in the seat and position the ropes where they need to be, ready to begin the test.
After raising the sail, I tie it in position. The sail fills with wind, and the sled creeps across the ice. Its working! The sled builds up speed moving faster across the surface.
Traveling straight is easy, but how will she turn? I push the bar next to my feet, turning the front ski. The sled quickly digs in and changes direction of travel. Momentum immediately topples everything to the right. I violently land on my arm while the sled crashes over. Clumsily spilling out of the bench seat, I slide sideways next to the sled across the icy surface. Coming to a stop, I look over the sled- fortunately its undamaged. Im miraculously fine too with the exception of my bruised dignity.
Frustrated and not wanting a repeat, I set the sled upright and rig the controls. To make a real sailboat turn, the angle of the mainsail needs to change and have slack while the direction of travel changes. Making another attempt, this time I turn slower, working the sail in conjunction with the front ski. The sled turns slowly and awkwardly, but successfully. The rest of the afternoon is spent perfecting my sailing skills, and by the end of the day all goes well.
Enjoying my time, I dont realize its late afternoon until the overcast sky darkens. The sled is soon tied to some large rocks on the shoreline with the sail and twelve bags of food safely inside. Jogging home to the compound I stumble through the dark terrain. Following my faint footprints, I arrive well after nightfall and lay down to sleep.
The excitement of driving the sail sled soon wears off, and thoughts of my family and Allison quickly return. Embarking on the journey is all thats keeping me from entering the chamber. Without this goal, I wouldve been in a dream world long ago.
*****
Early the next morning, I make final preparations. I scavenge the compound for anything that will be useful in the wilderness. From the bedroom, I gather several sets of clothes from various drawers. In the storage closet I find a tent, some fire starting materials, tools and materials for sled repair, and several other small survival items. Two lighter sleeping bags are combined to make a warm weather bag. Assembling the thickest cold weather suit, warmest undergarments, gloves and goggles available, I prepare some defense against the extreme cold waiting on top of Haleakala.
I add cooking gear from the kitchen, a survival kit, a small flashlight, and my rifle with several clips of ammo, tent stakes, a hammer, hygienic items, my notebook and a pen. Finally, I assemble the remaining twenty-three bags of food and place everything in a pile by the front door. Ill need a way to transport this large stack to the sail sled.
Using some rope, I make a sled out of a sheet of thick plastic for a pocket and a piece of cardboard for the base, securing them on one end. The sled is quickly loaded just outside the door. Im ready to set out.
Walking methodically from room to room, I check the greenhouse, bathroom, library, and bedroom, to be sure nothing is forgotten. While leaving the bedroom I glance at a picture of my parents, taken when I was a child. Flashbacks surge of our months together inside the compound. They loved me unconditionally. This is something Ill never have with them again in this world.
Overcome with despair, I walk to the chamber room and stare at the machine. Turning on the console, I listen to the message they made to welcome me back into this world. It is too much. I need to go back in the chamber and have them and Allison again. My journey across Hawaii can wait. The more I think about a life with them and Allison in a world without a nuclear winter, the more desperately I want to forget all this. Starting at the chamber, Ill dream just once more.
After programming the console with the desired parameters, I lay inside, contemplating if this is really whats best. I imagine myself trekking into the frozen wasteland, running out of food, or becoming stranded and freezing to death. This reality is contrasted with the life of a king that I have here, continuously creating exactly what I want in warmth and safety. Taking a deep breath, I close my eyes and then the lid on top of me.
The console lights up and flashes, running through the sequence to create my dream world. While the sequence progresses, I have a flashback- My father is inside this room, standing a few feet away. Im about to enter into one of my lifetimes. The memory suppression has been bypassed and Im going to live an awakened life, fully conscious of this world. He tells me he loves me and I make him proud. The chamber flashes, but somethings wrong. This is the lifetime in the chamber during which my parents leave me in the compound. My father has turned the memory suppression back on so I wont remember or try to leave! The suppression beam is nearing my head, I try to push the lid open, but he is holding it closed! Struggling, the beam passes over my mind, and I fade into forgetfulness.
This was the last time I saw my fathers face. He made me lose my intention of leaving the compound by causing me to live a life of forgetfulness so I would awake, not knowing they left. Im brought back to the sequence the console is currently initiating.
Lights flash inside, and the console announces, Memory suppression sequence initiated.
Thinking of my mother and father and their courage to go out into the world, I know what staying here means. An instant before the scanner reaches the crown of my head I forcefully push the lid open, causing the chamber to become dark. Knowing Im not going back into a dream state again, I stand up and walk towards the entrance to the compound. Its time to embark on my living journey into the unknown.
Chapter 16
The Journey Begins

The longest journey of any person is the journey inward.
-Dag Hammarskjold

Sealing the door to the compound behind me, I emerge into the frozen world. Taking the rope from the surface, I pull the sled of supplies towards the coast. Afraid of the temptation to return, I focus on the path in front of me until the compound disappears from sight.
Passing though the empty town, I reach the sail sled mid-morning. After a snack and refill of snow in my water bottle, I untie and reposition the sled, rig the sail, and am ready to go. I raise the sail and sweep along the coast to the west, soon reaching full speed.
Like an early explorer, Im journeying into the unknown. Rounding the southern coast by the middle of the afternoon, Im soon on my way up the western side of the island. Allison and her family were in this same area in their sailboat, heading to safety towards the island of Kauai many years ago. What did she feel when her home disappeared over the horizon? I pass the bay where the early explorer, Captain Cook, was killed long ago. In the late afternoon the sky darkens near the old resort city of Kailua-Kona.
Once safely in a cove between some rocks offshore, I lower sail and secure the sled. Carrying my rifle and supplies for the night, I hike inland towards the abandoned buildings. After climbing up exposed rock, the first structures I pass once stood at waters edge but were later submerged by the flooding ocean. I walk through remains of larger buildings that are now concrete chunks worn by years underwater.
Climbing the frozen hill past the highest point the ocean reached, buildings display no apparent sign of human disturbance but are weathered from exposure. An abandoned department store emerges around the next bend, giving me another flashback- This same location, but its hot, and rich with foliage. Im a young boy and my parents drove here when cars were used. Im swinging from their hands while we walk inside to buy clothes when money had value. Flashing back to the present, the green palm trees morph into my current reality of barren snow.
Past the department store is a small hotel. Cautiously looking around, I enter the dark lobby. An empty reception desk sits against the back wall. Taking a key from a hook behind the counter, with the number 220 imprinted on it, and using my flashlight, I make my way through the dark interior to the stairwell. While climbing, a creaking forewarns me of their eventual collapse at some point in the future. On the upper floor, I find room 220 under the dim white light of my flashlight, and with a short struggle, the door opens to a cold and dark room.
After locking the door, I set my backpack on an old chair next to the bed. Not wanting to waste the flashlight, the only thing to do is sleep in total darkness. Placing my sleeping bag on the bed, I eat a dehydrated dinner.
My body heat soon warms the sleeping bag. Sore from the long day of sailing, I want to sleep, but the creaking of the building, the wail of the wind, and the cold, dark room all keep me awake in fear. This is a far cry from my warm and safe bedroom in the compound.
Flashback- its the first month after the freeze, and Im lying on the couch. Were paranoid attackers will come at any time. When will these random new memories stop coming back to attack me? I have to remember everything eventually. I fall asleep.
*****
The next morning I wake to a dimly lit room from the faint light of the overcast morning sky coming through the glass door, outlining shapes around me. Climbing out of my sleeping bag into the cold morning, I quickly dress in warm clothing. After breakfast, I step out onto the balcony, and the faint outline of my sled tied to the edge of the ice below.
Moving carefully through the dark interior hallway, Im soon outside the hotel. A short hike through the decrepit town and Im back at the sail sled. After loading up and rigging the sled, I soon glide across the ice to the north.
Rounding the coast, the rocky shore becomes steeper where it intersects the edge of the ice. The outline of the bottom half of Mauna Kea is now visible towering into the clouds. This mountain is covered in snow, thick clouds and fog unlike the lush mountain of my dream. By late in the afternoon I arrive at the northernmost tip of the Big Island, and a large frozen channel stands before Maui in the distance.
With the vast channel too far to traverse before sunset, this will be a good camp. A slight rocky outcropping makes a great wind shelter for the night. With the tent firmly into the ice, I throw all my important gear inside.
Remains of a crumbled house sit at the bottom of the rocks, fallen from high above. I collect scraps of wood for a fire, which is soon roaring near my tent. The warm flame thaws my hands while the wind howls around the solitary rock sheltering me. While eating dinner, the sky becomes dark, and the temperature drops. Sitting on the edge of the vast ice plane by the comfort of the warm fire, I feel completely alone.
The fire melts tiny parts of the ice below its hot flames. How thick does the frozen layer actually extend below the surface? Is there any liquid ocean below at all? If there is liquid, does it still contain marine life? Certain plants can live entirely off of the heat from an underwater lava vent. Could anything still be thriving under there? Will this life repopulate the healed planet someday when the ice thaws?
With the fire fading, I go in my tent and climb into my sleeping bag. Staring at the glowing embers from inside, I have another flashback- Im camping with my father on the mountain above our house. He brought me into the woods to teach me how to live off the land, knowing at the time that the fractured remnants of society wouldnt last forever. He shows me edible plants, first aid, and other skills useful now. Hunting a wild pig through the woods, almost within range, I step into a muddy hole, sinking well above my knees. Stopping the chase, he laughs while pulling me free. I miss my parents and wonder if they made it this far when they left many years ago. I fall asleep to the warm glow of the embers.
Chapter 17
Finding Another Way

Treat the earth well. It was not given to you by your parents;
it was loaned to you by your children. We do not inherit the
Earth from our Ancestors; we borrow it from our Children.
-Ancient Indian Proverb

Emerging from the warmth of my sleeping bag into the frosty morning air, I look across the channel to the north at the outline of Haleakala towering on Maui above the ice. After eating breakfast, I carefully pack my gear into the sail sled. Im ready to leave the Big Island for the first time in my awakened life.
Staring across the channel at my destination I have another flashback- My parents are gone and Im a quarter mile away from the compound visiting the remnants of our old house, thinking of them. The overcast sky darkens, and snow begins to steadily fall. Concerned, I return home, but half way there a whiteout blizzard hits without notice. Barely making it to the door of the compound, I shut myself inside as wind rattles the walls and visibility drops to zero. Im grateful to be alive.
Flashing to the present, I know these conditions would be devastating on my journey. Crossing a channel between two islands is dangerous, so I must make the journey as quickly as possible. Even with just a whiteout, I could sail off course into the surrounding expanse of ice and travel thousands of miles before finding land. Meanwhile, I would run out of food and freeze. With firm resolve, I press on.
The sled creeps across the ice towards Maui. Sailing throughout the morning, wind chills my skin around the goggles, the only part of my body exposed to the elements. It will be nice to hike inland on Maui, and not slouch on the sled for a change.
While stopping half way across the flat expanse for a quick lunch, I fill my bottle with fresh snow and look at the massive mountains towering above me in both directions. My perspective is altered, admiring the distance between Maui and the Big Island. Feeling small and isolated, I desperately want to get to the other side soon.
Sailing the second half of the channel throughout the afternoon, I finally reach the southern rocky shore of Maui shortly before nightfall. I continue up the coast to the north, grateful to make it in a single day. The channel between Oahu and Kauai will be longer and its doubtful I can cross it in one day, but Ill tackle that challenge when the time comes. Making progress north, an old mansion sits up the mountainside. Ill stay here tonight.
I secure the sled at the edge of the ice, hundreds of feet below. With my bag full of gear and my loaded rifle, I trek up the moderately steep incline. A low wall surrounds a cracked and crumbling concrete swimming pool behind the abandoned mansion. After climbing over the wall, I approach the back door.
The house is above the old flood plane, so theres no apparent water damage to the structure. Many windows are broken, probably from looters or wind damage. Climbing inside, I enter the dirty and cold living room. A tile floor is now hidden by a layer of snow blown in through broken windows. Furniture is tipped over, torn up, or missing throughout the house. An upside-down plastic dog dish sits in the corner.
After climbing the stairs to the second floor, several abandoned and looted bedrooms wait at the top. Childrens toys litter the floor, undisturbed for years. At the end of the hallway, I enter a master bedroom. An empty mattress sits in the center. On a side wall, a fireplace is next to the entrance to a bathroom. A large balcony overlooks the pool and ocean below and a faint shadow of the neighboring islands looms in the distance. This home was a beautiful paradise long ago.
Scraps of wood from a broken bookshelf will make a good fire. Lighting an old magazine from the corner and placing it under the wood, the fire roars to life. While the room heats, I step out on to the windy balcony and look across the channel at the neighboring islands. I imagine children happily playing, a dog swimming in the clear fresh water of the pool on a sunny day, and couples on their honeymoon walking the beach below, barefoot in the white sands. I return inside, angered by whats lost.
Sitting by the fire, I warm my hands and feet while snacking on dried food. Why did the world end like this? Did humanitys inability to find a balance with the earth individually and as a whole cause this? Maybe its the inevitable outcome of an industrious species that unceasingly needs to out-create itself.
Human creativity boils down to a personal desire for experiences, things, and comforts. The needless consuming of billions caused harmony to go by the wayside. Competition for resources fed this drive. The Earths plentitude encountered incredible demand, and technology was used to enhance consumption, not lessen it. Even if a small few tried to change, there was too much greed from everyone else to stop the overwhelming momentum. The scarred Earth before me bears evidence of a battlefield of the human minds selfish desire to consume. Was there another way?
Maybe the sleep chamber couldve saved these people if its use had been more widespread. If people entered the chamber to indulge fantasies of consuming the planet and each other, all that wouldve been consumed was their own minds in a dream. Im grateful for the chamber allowing my indulgences to affect only myself, even if the returning memories and its endless promise of forgetfulness are both driving me crazy right now.
I lie on the mattress next to the fire, gradually absorbing the heat. I imagine living the life of a very rich man in this house just before the world flooded. Amassing countless possessions and experiences, I see just how alluring the want of stuff can be. At least I cant cause the earth more damage than what has already been done. But then again maybe this attitude unchecked is what brought the Earth to its present state. My body surrenders to the warmth of the fire while I drift off into a deep sleep.
Chapter 18
Haleakala

It isnt the experience of today that drives men mad.
It is the remorse for something that happened yesterday,
 and the dread of what tomorrow may bring.
-Robert Jones Durdette

My eyes open to a smoldering fire. After dressing inside the sleeping bag, I enter the cold bedroom. On the balcony, the neighboring islands protrude from the massive ice sheet. My sail sled sits, tied to a rock hundreds of feet below.
Down at the sled Im loaded and soon sailing up the western coast. Molokini Crater towers in the midst of the ice to my west. Western Maui is populated with more abandoned structures. Around mid-morning, I tie the sail sled off the coast just south of Kihei, ready to take a shortcut to the road leading up Haleakala over the frozen and rocky terrain.
Staring at the towering peak, I calculate my journey on foot will take several days. Packing extra supplies, I hike inland. The ruins of Kihei are similar to Kailua-Kona on the Big Island. First theres an empty rocky incline, then washed out foundations to many old buildings, and finally an area where structures are still somewhat intact. Passing the old buildings, I reach an open area that was either farmland or dense forest because there arent signs of manmade structures. Hiking across this vast untouched expanse of uphill terrain, Ill hopefully cut a corner and intersect the road I ascended on the motorbike.
A light snow falls as I climb through the morning, dropping the visibility significantly. I begin to feel lost, when sometime in the early afternoon, I stumble, landing on my side in the bottom of a large ditch
Picking myself up and climbing out the other side, I realize the ditch is next to the old road leading to the top of Haleakala. I pause for a moment with this small victory, eat a snack, and catch my breath. Falling snow quickly fills the footprints behind me. I need to leave a marker here so I can find my way back to the coast. Taking five large rocks from the bottom of the ditch, I make an X in the middle of the road so I can recognize this spot when I come back through.
Satisfied, I follow the curves of the road up the mountain. Abandoned houses line the sides of the street once again. The falling snow clears up late in the afternoon enabling me to see the islands of Kahoolawe and Lanai under a dark grey sky. Seeing Lanai, I recall taking Allison around it and exploring the massive cliffs on the western coast. Relaxing some in the dream was good for me.
Farther up the road, the sky darkens. I need to find a place to sleep soon. Having climbed an estimated 3000 feet during the day, the temperature is colder. A sturdy house emerges on the right side of the road- nowhere near as nice as the house last night, but it will shelter me from the elements. Itll do. The front door is locked. A broken window on the side makes a nice entrance. Emerging into darkness, I grasp my flashlight in one hand and my rifle in the other.
I navigate through the black interior. Ice covered windows block out the little outside light. Entering the kitchen, I find barren shelves and continue to the hallway. The first door emerges from the darkness, containing a small closet with several empty shelves. A second door contains a toilet on the far wall.
Opening the third door, the outline of a bed is next to the far wall. Relieved at finding a place to sleep, I walk over and throw my backpack on top. Before coming to a rest, it rolls back off, settling on the floor by my feet. After picking it up, I shine the flashlight on the bed. Its a mound protruding in the center that caused my bag to bounce back and fall off. I follow the mound to the top of the bed with the flashlight to the pillowsIm terrified!
Sticking out of the top of the covers are the shoulders and head of a frozen man. Startled and disgusted, I fumble for my backpack and clumsily run towards the door. After stumbling out of the room and down the hallway, I quickly dive through the window I entered.
Flopping onto the frozen ground I distance myself from the house. Safely away, I take time to catch my breath. This man died at home, shut in and starving, many years ago. Nobodys left in the world to take care of his body. Still shocked, I decide not to either and continue up the street.
Under a darkened sky, I approach the next house, and this time the front door is unlocked. With my rifle ready, I enter. This dark home requires my flashlight to scout the rooms and Im fearful of finding another body. After ensuring that the kitchen and living room are vacant, I check the bedrooms for bodies. Satisfied that the house is empty, I roll my sleeping bag out on a bed.
After settling, I make dinner. Taking some dried food and cookware, I build a fire in the backyard with wood from old furniture. I fill the pot with snow and bring it to a boil, adding dried vegetables. After boiling for several minutes, I extinguish the fire and bring the food to the bedroom to eat. After dinner I climb into my sleeping bag, still in shock. My legs are also sore from miles and miles of uphill hiking. Soon, I fall asleep in the cold and dark bedroom.
*****
Waking the next morning, I quickly leave the empty house. Forcing my legs to move, I continue up the mountain. A piece of cardboard sits in the back of an open garage along the way. I take it for a sled on my return trip down the icy road. Around noon the terrain steepens and becomes a series of switchbacks. I stop for lunch, soon ready to start the real climb.
Winding back and forth up the steep terrain, I know itll become increasingly difficult as I near the top. Air cools and thins throughout my afternoon climb. Seeing fewer buildings, Im concerned I wont have a shelter other than my tent tonight.
I need to reach the summit tomorrow. Hiking until the last light penetrates the overcast sky, I finally stop to set up the tent. Im grateful to have the thin layer of fabric flapping in the harsh wind to block the chill, even if it doesnt keep in my body heat.
Here between 6000 and 7000 feet, the cold will be a worthy adversary tonight. After putting on a fresh set of my thickest clothes, I climb into my sleeping bag and fight for warmth and sleep little throughout the night.  At the faintest sign of light, I wake and pack my gear. Is it really wise to continue to the top? I cant turn around now. Making it to the safety of the shelter at the top before nightfall is imperative.
Eating dried food while hiking, saves me time and helps me stay warm. The road alternates between straight and switchbacks throughout the day. The higher I climb, the more I shiver inside the cold weather suit.
Around the middle of the day, the road enters the clouds which swallow me. Keeping a steady pace, I approach a rangers station belonging to the former National Park. Wiping off a roadside sign, it reads, Welcome to Haleakala National Park.
Not far beyond the entrance, I pass an old visitors center sitting vacant. Proceeding up the winding road, switchback after switchback towards the peak, I miss the motorbike in my dream. With the sky darkening in the afternoon, I must be getting close. Climbing against every complaint of my body, my progress to the top becomes drastically slowed by the steep incline and cold, thin air.
The sky darkens further as I persist towards the peak. Stricken with fear, I attempt to jog, but quickly run out of breath. Resuming a swift hiking pace, panic sets in at the thought of spending the night outside in the inadequate shelter of the tent. Should I try to sled back down? Its too late. My only option is to make it to the top.
The clouds veil the darkened path below my feet. Bouncing from one side of the road to the other, the only things correcting my route are the large rocks I stumble into next to the road. I continue walking only because if I stop, Ill rapidly freeze to death.
In a state of sheer panic, I have to find shelter immediately. Coming here was a terrible idea; nobody can possibly survive at this altitude. I definitely overestimated my own survival abilities on Haleakala. Running now in desperate horror, fear overcomes me. Stumbling back and forth across the road, my foot hits a large protruding rock. Falling to my hands and stomach on an icy snow bank, I lay motionless.
The only noise I hear is the thumping of my heart in my chest. WhapWhapWhapWhapQuietly lying in the snow, I realize thats not my thumping heartbeat but something else making a rhythmic noise. Listening, I raise my head and look around. It sounds mechanical, and Ive heard it before. Its the sweet hum of a wind turbine, rotating in the stiff mountain winds. Ive arrived on top of Haleakala!
Chapter 19
Unexpected Find

Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things.
And no good thing ever dies.-Shawshank Redemption

Jumping up, I frantically fumble around the top of the mountain, stumbling into a fence surrounding the tracking station. Climbing through a hole, I approach the same building in my dream. Thankfully, the front door is unlocked. Throwing it open, I spill inside, shutting out the wind and cold.
The whistling wind gives way to dark silence. Using the flashlight, I find the master power switch on the wall. Flipping it, the room comes alive with brilliant light. I shield my eyes for several moments before looking up at my surroundings.
In the center of the main room, computer terminals stand in front of a large screen on the wall. Scattered around the floor is a thick layer of dirt as if someone once attempted to grow food here. Several side rooms branch off the main room just as in my dream. Do the computers still work? Walking over, I turn the power on, booting the machines to life. If nothing else, maybe running electronics will heat up the room.
While the computer loads, I explore other rooms. The first is a storage room containing an electric heater. In the second are two empty cots and some backpacks with personal gear scattered around them. Ill look through these items later. Taking the heater from the storage closet, I plug it into an outlet next to a cot to make for a warm sleep. Setting my backpack and rifle down on the other cot, I continue to explore the station, closing the door behind me.
After searching the other side rooms and finding nothing, I return to the main room. The computer is alive and projects across the large screen on the front wall. The screen displays:
Choose A Satellite To Connect To:

 Stellar
 Terrestrial
 Communication

Interested to see if any satellites still work, I select stellar. A sub-menu appears with fifteen numbered satellites. All but three have the phrase no signal next to them. I select one of the active three, and the screen fills with countless stars. Staring in awe at the image, Im the first human to see behind the cloudy overcast sky into space in fifteen years.
I choose the second stellar satellite, which displays the face of the moon silhouetted by a background of more stars. Many craters are visible on the bright surface, which is over half illuminated by the sun. Choosing the third stellar satellite, more stars display in the nights sky.
Returning to the main menu, I select the terrestrial option. A menu of twenty satellites appears, and all but one has the phrase no signal next to it. Selecting the only active satellite, the screen turns a grayish hue. Is it broken? Depressing a button marked zoom out several times, the grey screen becomes a reddish curve on one side. The satellite works fine.
Viewing earth from space, I see a swirling grayish mass of haze. Clouds and storm patterns move around the atmosphere, but the surface is obscured. On the side of the screen, the curved edge turns a deep red color and continues to brighten. Watching for a few minutes, a bright light emerges behind the reddish tint. I witness the sunrise.
Not having seen the sun in my world in over fifteen years, I stare in awe. The bright rays reflect off the grayish clouds, turning them red as the sun emerges from the darkness of space. I picture myself below the cloudy atmosphere impenetrable to the light. The sun moves out of view of the satellite, while the swirling mass of grey clouds covering my world sickens me.
Having seen enough, I return to the main menu and select communication satellites. All the satellites on this menu contain the phrase no signal next to them. Finished with the computer, I return to the side room, hoping itll be warm.
I enter the warm room and move the previous occupants backpacks and other items into a pile in the center of the floor. Who owned all this and where are they now? Maybe their possessions contain clues. Like an archaeologist deciphering the culture of an ancient civilization, I examine each piece of gear.
A nice set of binoculars is in the first backpack. I place them in my pack. Empty water bottles, first aid supplies, and several other items indicate that these people trekked here sometime in the past. There are both womens and mens clothing, so it was probably a couple. Maybe they fled their house on the island below to find safety from the chaos.
Continuing through the abandoned gear, a side pocket in the backpack contains a notebook which may tell their story. The first page is filled with writing. An old photograph slides down, falling on my lap. Excited to see another face, I pick it up and turn it over. I stare blankly at the kid in the photo while my own childhood face stars back from inside the glossy print.
Shocked, I drop the picture and take a deep breath. Picking it up once again, Im still in disbelief. How am I looking at a picture of my younger self? My stomach drops when I open the notebook. The inside of the front cover reads, Tyler Martin, Life Journal. This notebook is my fathers, which means these things belong to my parents. This is where they came when they left me behind when I was young. The world around me spins. Where are they are now?
Chapter 20
Connection To The Past

Dont ask yourself what the world needs. Ask yourself what 
makes you come alive, and then go and do that. Because 
what the world needs is people who have come alive.
-Harold Thurman Whitman

I stare in amazement at my parents gear around the room. Hows this possible? My parents came here after leaving the compound and attempted to grow food and survive. Is there any chance theyre still alive somewhere? What happened to them?
Skimming through pages, I hope to find answers. The first half details events prior to departing the compound:
Knowing we cant all survive on the limited food, Ive conducted a search using the console and decided the tracking station on Haleakala is our best chance for survival
We hiked into Kailua-Kona and found an old government van locked away in storage. After driving it across the icy channel, we filled it with topsoil prior to ascending the mountain. Arriving at the peak, the van was out of gas, so we were relieved to see the wind turbine still providing electricity
We planted seeds from the compound and rigged lighting in an attempt to grow crops. The food we brought is dwindling and there are no signs of growth in the soil
The journal writings become less and less coherent. A few legible sentences read:
 Crops failed. The hunger is unbearable and we are starving
Claires ill, and I dont know how much longer shell last
Claire died late last night. Ill bury her overlooking Haleakala Crater today. I have nothing left
Upon reading the news of my mothers death, tears roll down my cheeks.
It has been five days since Claire died. My physical and mental pain is unbearable. Im going to hike down into Haleakala Crater tomorrow and wont return.
Putting everything together- My mother died here and my father trekked into the crater to a frozen demise shortly thereafter. I can only imagine the pain they experienced. Their sacrifice is the only reason Im alive and have experienced everything inside and outside the chamber. Every moment of my existence is suddenly priceless.
Lying next to the warm space heater, if I were in the compound theres no question in my mind I would enter the chamber to forget this pain. Yearning for its escape, I decide this journey is over. Tomorrow, Ill return to the sail sled and go back to my life in the comfort of the compound. The first thing Im going to do is create a life filled with happiness, surrounded by everyone I love.  I sleep very little, thinking of my past. My parents were in this room, spending their last night alive, withering away on these cots.
*****
Following a sleepless night, I decide to find my mothers grave and pay my last respects before returning home. Donning the cold weather suit, I walk into the frigid morning air.  The sky is clearer, enabling me to see objects in the distance on the tops of surrounding peaks. Circling the building, I search for her grave in the strong winds. Approaching the edge of the crater, I view the vast chasm under the gray and red sky. Imagining my father wandering below to his frozen death, hoping he didnt suffer long, I continue my search.
I clear away snow from a mound on an overlook, exposing scratches in the rock reading:
Claire Martin
Loving Mother And Wife
1997-2037

Bending down, I say, Mom, I love you. I couldnt have had a better mother. I hope wherever you are isnt anything like this.
Looking out over the expanse of the crater I appreciate her serene final resting place. Shivering from the cold, I stand and walk back inside the tracking station.
Scouring the interior, I look for things I can keep as a reminder of them. Rummaging through the backpacks again, I find my mothers necklace and my fathers watch. Placing them into an inside pocket of my cold weather suit, Im glad to have something to remember them. Finally, I take my fathers journal to finish on my trip home.
Ready to leave, my goal is to return to the safety of the compound as fast as possible. The journey should take five or six days. Taking my backpack, I return to the cold, shutting off the electricity on my way.
Walking down the mountain, I see far more of the landscape than when I arrived. Shivering in the bitter cold, I take comfort in the fact that the farther I descend, the warmer itll be. The van my parents drove here sits with four flat tires near the tracking station.
Eventually I reach the first steep downhill, and remember my painful struggle to ascend last night. Taking the sturdy piece of cardboard out of my backpack, I sled down the steep frozen road. Racing over the snow is a good distraction. Reaching the end of the steep hill midmorning, the air is warmer, but the frozen road is also no longer steep enough for sledding. Tossing the cardboard to the side, I continue on foot.
Stopping to eat lunch, I imagine how nice itll be to return to the warm compound and forget this journey that nearly killed me and brought only painful memories. While reading my fathers journal, I chew my food. A few lines stand out:
Even though Ive come to terms with our impending deaths, Im still fighting to stay alive and so is Claire. Our only remaining comfort is our lives will continue on in our son. My greatest desire is for him to outlive the nuclear winter to a new world.

Comforted by my fathers words, I realize the good people they were are still alive in me. I need to make the most of my life to give their sacrifice value. What would they want me to do now?
Returning to the compound as planned, Ill live a long life in and out of the chamber with a guaranteed escape to bliss. This is the best course of action if I want to outlive the nuclear winter, but what if the nuclear winter lasts the rest of my life? Finishing lunch, I continue down the mountain, questioning myself.
Throughout an entire afternoon of steady hiking, I think about my parents, the last humans Ill ever see. An overwhelming thought occurs- if I go back to the Big Island now, Ill never know if anyone else is alive and wont complete the purpose of this journey. If this journey isnt completed now, itll never be. Wavering between wanting to go home and continuing, I hike until nightfall.
Arriving at the house I slept in on the way up, I carefully reenter the dark interior. Using my flashlight, I make my way down the hallway to the bedroom. I eat a snack and climb into my sleeping bag. Opening my fathers journal, I read more entries under the flashlight:
Ive lived a very fortunate life. My family has been able to survive many extra months while everyone around us perished. Seeing my son grow into a man makes me proud. It was difficult to make him live a life of forgetfulness in the chamber so we could leave, but it had to be done.
My attitude changes after I read:
I think of my son and the solitary life the future holds for him here. Isnt an entire planet still alive if theres just one witness to its existence? If I could pass along one thing to him, it would be to follow his heart and act in ways which make him feel alive. My hope for him is that he finds meaning in this place, because if hes the only survivor left on earth, his meaning is now the worlds meaning.
My fathers words move me. Being the only survivor, I cant spend my life in a state of forgetfulness. What was once the consciousness of billions of people observing and experiencing this planet is now just my own. I had to follow my heart, come alive in this world, and experience the here and now. I wont return to my dreams and fantasies, but live here. Falling asleep, Im thankful for my fathers advice from beyond the grave. This was his final gift to me.
*****
After a quick breakfast, I leave the house. A steady snow blankets the landscape. Starting the trek to the sail sled, I remember my promise to continuing the journey.
How fortunate that I wasnt near the chamber when the circumstances of my parents death surfaced. Id surely have entered a dream. The chamber was a readily available solution to any problem. A moment of weakness and I soon dream, having to start the process of self discovery all over after awakening. My struggle is similar to that of a junkie, addicted to a substance, hiding from his problems, and trapped by the relief it pretends to bring for years. Feeling myself consciously breaking free of dependence on the chamber, Im ready to find out exactly who I really am.
Reaching the large X of rocks I left on the road, I turn off and work my way down the icy hill towards the coast. Late in the afternoon I find an abandoned hotel. After passing through the dark interior hallways I enter an empty room and shut myself inside for the night.
Falling asleep in the cold, dark room, Im happy with my decision not to return to the compound, and excited to continue to the other islands tomorrow. Ill even see Kaanapali on my way to Oahu. Whats become of the resort where dreams were made with Allison? I want to experience whatever waits in this world.
Chapter 21
Maui And Molokai In The Winter

What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are
tiny matters compared to what lives within us.
-Henry David Thoreau

Waking early in the morning, I hurry away from the Big Island, sticking with my commitment of continuing my journey. Sailing northwest up the coast of Maui, I feel better.
Picturing Allison next to me on the yacht I reminisce over our time together, even though it was artificial. Approaching the resort city of Kaanapali, there are vivid memories of dolphins swimming around us in the sparkling waters offshore. But right now the only sights are three snowcapped frozen islands surrounding me.
To the west, a large white dome protrudes from the ice, the remnants of the once lush island of Lanai. To my north, a snow covered mountain extends over the eastern portion of Molokai. I picture the northern facing cliffs, currently out of my view that were once home to cascading waterfalls flowing into the ocean. Frozen cliffs must now take the place of the beautiful waterfalls. To the east, a series of snowy peaks on Maui tower above the abandoned city below. Whats become of the Kaanapali resort now?
After securing the sled near the shore, I venture inland past frozen coral formations, now exposed by retreating ice. Soon I stand directly beneath where I swam with Allison and the dolphins. Picturing the dolphins flipping and swimming above, we laugh while experiencing the beauty of life. The dolphins and laughing disappear, dissolving into nothing but an overcast sky above and colorless ice below.
I continue uphill towards the familiar resort. Thinking about my dream and how long its been since entering the chamber, Im proud of myself. Its been nearly two weeks since last hiding from my identity- the longest since first entering as a boy according to the board in the library. Though all my memories havent yet returned, I have a good idea of who I am.
Arriving in back of the resort, I pass through the frozen pool area. Rusty patio furniture is scattered about, and the pool is iced over. The outdoor bar is fallen and in shambles. Arriving inside at the reception desk, I picture Allison standing behind it. The memory quickly fades into the dark and empty present reality.
Is my same room open? After winding through the structure, the door to the room in my dream wont open. Walking to the back patio, a door attached to a different room on the first floor opens. The frost cracks around the metal frame while the glass door slides free.
After setting my bag next to the bed, I look at the hotel furnishings. Theres a television that doesnt work, useless elegant faucets, and inoperable decorative lamps. All these items were once expensive commodities, but are now worthless. Sitting on the bed, I open my fathers journal and read more entries with the flashlight.
He writes about my mother:
Claire meant the world to me. Im trying to cope with her loss, but its unbearable. I dont know who I am without her. She was the other half of me, and I dont think I can be happy again in this world without her by my side.
I feel for his pain, but see how he mistook my mothers love for his own identity. Did his inability to let her go hasten his death? If only hed remembered his value as a complete person, and my mother not as the source of his identity and happiness, but as the expression of it, he may not have suffered as much in the end. This was true about Allison in both my dream and waking lives. The times I shared with her were expressions of my happiness, which is a permanent quality. Shes never been the source of my happiness, though I love her.
I cant truly love anyone or anything if Im not capable of letting go. Holding on to that which moves out of my experience, it becomes the source of my happiness not the expression of it. The quality of love is permanent, but the many things on which its projected may come and go with the passing wind, even if sometimes that wind lasts for a lifetime.
Manifesting anything permanent in a dream or waking lifetime is impossible. I can only manifest temporary expressions of qualities that are universal and always available. With this thought, attachment to memories of my parents, Allison, and my past disintegrates. My identity is freed, allowing permanent qualities to appear in new and unbounded ways. Immersed in freedom, I fall asleep.
*****
 I wake, eat breakfast, and leave through the sliding door into the cold and windy wasteland. Walking behind the room I pass through what used to be the garden. Crossing a steel bridge, I leave the dead garden, pass the frozen swimming pool and climb down the stairs onto the exposed rock by the edge of the ice. Arriving back at the sail sled, Im ready to move on because this place has nothing left to offer.
Its foolish to try sail to Oahu in one day because Ill have to sleep in the middle of the ice if I fall short. Ill pass through the narrow channel south of Molokai and continue around the up the western coast tonight, saving Honolulu for tomorrow. What does a city look like after it is nuked, flooded, drained and then frozen? My main goal is to find out if anyone is still alive, but theres a part of me that really wants to see the aftermath of the attack.
Soon, Im sailing to the west on the narrow patch of ice remaining between Molokai and Lanai. Two shipwrecks sit inland on Lanai from long ago when the water was higher. The first large skeleton is rusted out from decades of battering by the elements. All structures in this world will eventually succumb to a similar fate and crumble from exposure and neglect. How long until theres no sign humans inhabited earth and all of mankinds undertakings turn to dust? Stopping for lunch offshore of the decaying vessel, I look at the exposed rusty steel ribs again and consider whats happening. Time recycles all that is form back into idea in a system that is devoid of waste.
After finishing lunch, I sail west down the narrow channel of ice. Leaving the wind shadow between the two islands the sled gains speed. By early afternoon, I reach the western half of the southern Molokai shore and follow it towards the far tip of land. Over the past few days Ive become very proficient at controlling the sail sled.
Rounding the tip of Molokai late in the afternoon, I follow the coast, looking for a place to stop. An old hotel inland appears to be intact. Anchoring the sail sled to the ice, I unload my gear and hike towards the structure above.
The lower rooms of the hotel have been exposed to flood waters. The upper floors are slightly more intact although still run down. Climbing a dark concrete stairwell, I reach the second floor.
The doors and windows of the rooms are destroyed, but the remaining walls keep out the wind. I unroll my sleeping bag on the empty concrete floor and keep my fathers journal in the pack for now. Removing my reality journal to read while eating, several entries written during my years of isolation in the compound stand out:
After reading accounts of several dreams, I can see unifying threads in them all. Regardless of what I create inside, good or bad, the experiences keep me captivated and focused. Each individual life wouldnt end until I lived out the particular intended purpose. Additionally, every time I died in the chamber, it only happened when the subconscious author aspect of my mind was ready for the dream to finish. In a sense, every death inside the chamber was actually a suicide because the life ended only when I chose.
Its interesting that I chose when to live and die during my dream lives, but I guess deep down I already knew thats how it works. Reading on:
Desire for experience is the fuel that keeps man grounded to particular circumstances. If we want to break free of the temporary, we need to see past those things which draw our attention outside, away from our inner self.
Its always been a struggle to break free from the endless cycle of being drawn to the lifetimes I create, but the lives inside are designed to draw me in. My life is an internal struggle taking place across two realities. My awakened self wants to continuously mask my identity, and my dream self tries to discover the truth about who I really am, lifetime after lifetime. I play an endless game of hide and seek with myself, never leading anywhere. Until now that is, because I refuse to hide who I am any longer. Promising myself to never veil my identity again, I fall asleep on the hard floor.
Chapter 22
Frozen Catastrophe

The state of your life is nothing more than
 a reflection of your state mind.
-Dr. Wayne Dyer

Waking to a lightened sky, soon, Im sailing directly away from Molokai towards the eastern coast of Oahu. Crossing the ice, I recall the detonation of a nuclear warhead above my head at the end of my dream on Oahu. Unable to imagine the moments after the blast, Ill soon see the magnitude of destruction first hand.
Snow capped peaks on Oahu become larger throughout the day. Stopping for lunch offshore, I look at the island through binoculars while eating. An old lighthouse stands on a southern peak. At least one structure survived the devastation.
Early in the afternoon, I round the southeastern coast of Oahu, and the magnificent sights of Coco Head and Diamond Head Craters come into view. Honolulu, Waikiki, and Pearl Harbor are obscured by these large rock formations, so Im not able to see any remnants of the large buildings. Scattered structures line the hillside nearby, too far inland to tell their condition.
Is this place radioactive? Swinging the sled through the wind, I see past Diamond Head, unmasking the destruction.
Stopping the sled, I look through the binoculars at the city. Im taken aback. Scanning the skyline west from Diamond Head, I follow the bits of concrete remaining from the large retaining wall. A huge patch of smooth ice sits inland, half way between where Waikiki and Honolulu once stood. This was ground zero. Sparsely populated concrete foundations with rusting steel scraps protruding out of them dot the edges of the former city. All else is rocky and barren.
I visualize the destruction- The nuclear warhead detonates above ground between Honolulu and Waikiki, in the center of the retaining wall. A crater now forms from the vaporization of everything in the immediate vicinity. The rapidly expanding pressure wave rushes out, destroying all buildings in the area, forcing the giant retaining wall and ocean out. The blast wave carries up the mountainside to the north and out to sea to the south.
Eventually, the massive shock wave dissipates, and the wall of water rushes back in towards ground zero into the unprotected and burning city, sweeping the debris swiftly away. Over the following months, the water retreats from the freeze, and eventually ices over. The crater at ground zero retains water, freezing into a smooth icy surface. The only remaining manmade objects are bits of concrete and steel, twisted and crumpled.
Unparalleled destruction occurred around the world. Berlin, Moscow, Madrid, Chicago, incinerated inland, ruins left to burn. New York, Hong Kong, Mumbai, Singapore, Amsterdam, Sydney, many more coastal cities, vaporized then swept away by the ocean. Were it not for the possibility of residual radiation, I would explore inland. I scan west towards Pearl Harbor.
The skeleton of the USS MISSOURI Battleship sits on dry land right where the retreating ocean left it. Nearby, the USS ARIZONA battleship also sits on the frozen surface, still in its final resting place.
Searching the rest of the former harbor and other areas on the island, nothing promising is found. This island is risky to explore and devoid of life. Turning to prepare the sled for Kauai, a black shape protrudes from the ice a few miles southwest. Quickly peering through the binoculars, I see a submarine, frozen into the surface. Hastily, I prepare the sled and sail towards the vessel.
The black hull sits motionless on the surface. Snow and ice piled up over the years and slowly devoured the vessel. The steel sail is all that clearly remains. After securing the sled, I sling the rifle over my shoulder, pull out my flashlight, and climb on the frozen sail.
Reaching the top, a metal hatch opens with great force. No signs of movement or life appear below. Climbing down the cold rungs hand over hand, I emerge into the dark belly of the beast. My foot reaches for the floor after the final step, but doesnt land on the flat surface expected. Stumbling, I land on my side on cold, steel grating.
Slowly standing, I reach for my flashlight. Once found, I dimly illuminate the interior of the hull. I stepped on the body of a man, frozen long ago.
Chapter 23
The Final Leg

All wrong-doing arises because of mind.
If mind is transformed can wrong-doing remain?
-Buddha

Really wanting to climb back out, I force myself to explore. Walking down the dark corridor with the dim light, a second frozen body appears, then a third. Weapons lay next to the corpses. More bodies, wearing navy uniforms emerge from the darkness. Spent bullet casings lay on the floor.
At the back of the submarine, I see no signs of food, life, or power. A steel door is barricaded from the outside. I remove the debris, and the creaking door swings open. Another corpse is next to a table, hunched over and frozen. In front of him a logbook lies open as if he were making an entry when he died.
Truth unfolds:
01 MAY 2037: NO COMMUNICATIONS RECEIVED FROM HEADQUARTERS. ITS BEEN SEVEN DAYS SINCE NOTIFICATION OF NUCLEAR ATTACK. ALTERING COURSE TO PEARL HARBOR.
14 MAY 2037: FIFTY MILES SOUTH OF PEARL HARBOR. ATTEMPTED SURFACING TO ESTABLISH COMMUNICATIONS. BROKE THROUGH THIN LAYER OF ICE. CROSS-CHECKED GPS AND NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT FOR ERRORS AND FOUND NONE. CONFIRMED LOCATION TO BE FIFTY MILES SOUTH OF OAHU. PROCEEDING TO PEARL HARBOR.
15 MAY 2037: SURFACED THREE MILES SOUTH OF PEARL HARBOR THROUGH ICE. NAVIGATION CHARTS ARE 200 FEET DEEPER THAN ACTUAL OCEAN. WORLDWIDE OCEAN FREEZE AND DROP SUSPECTED. MAINTAINING PRESENT POSITION AND SENDING OUT INVESTIGATION PARTY. FEAR OCEAN FREEZE WILL TRAP US ON THE SURFACE.
16 MAY 2037: INVESTIGATION PARTY REPORTS SCATTERED SURVIVORS ATTEMPTED TO OVERTAKE THEM FOR SUPPLIES. CITIES OF HONOLULU, MILILANI, AND KANEOHE NOW RADIOACTIVE BLAST ZONES. MOST BUILDINGS ARE RUBBLE AND RADIATION DETECTION BADGES INDICATE HIGH CONTENT IN THE AIR. PEARL HARBOR AND THE WESTERN PART OF ISLAND STILL SAFE FOR TRAVEL BECAUSE THEY WERE SUBMERGED DURING ATTACK.
19 MAY 2037: SURVIVORS CAME OUT TO SUBMARINE FOR FOOD. SUPPLIES ON ISLAND EXHAUSTED OR DESTROYED. UNABLE TO ASSIST DUE TO INTENSIVE RATIONING.
20 MAY 2037: ANGRY MOB PENETRATED HULL AND KILLED MOST OF THE CREW. REACTOR DAMAGED AND SHUT DOWN. INTRUSION ISOLATED TO FORWARD SECTIONS.
21 MAY 2037: INTRUDERS BROKE INTO AFT COMPARTMENTS. I BLOCKADED MYSELF INTO THIS ROOM. IM THE LAST SURVIVING CREW MEMBER. HATCH IS LOCKED FROM THE OUTSIDE AND INTRUDERS SECURED VENTILATION, SO IM SUFFOCATING. THE VERY PEOPLE I WAS WILLING TO GIVE MY LIFE TO DEFEND JUST A MONTH AGO KILLED US ALL.

This is what humans became when society collapsed and survival was on the line. Taking the officers pistol and full clip of ammo, I leave the room, resealing the door behind. I take several unused radiation detection badges from bodies on the way back to the front.
Finding the captains stateroom empty, I decide to seal myself inside for the night and sleep on a real bed. I gather gear from the sled, and Im soon inside the quiet hull, away from the wind. I close the door, separating myself from the frozen bodies on the other side. After unpacking, I lie on the soft bed, reading my journal under the flashlight while eating dinner.
My parents difficult circumstances exposed their true natures. They made unselfish sacrifices for my survival, never at the expense of anyone else. On the opposite end of the spectrum are the frozen people lying outside the door that attacked the submarine and its crew. They respected social rules, only when it directly benefited them. When society collapsed, their true natures came to light, evidenced by their selfish actions.
My dream lifetimes as a whole also reflect me in this way. None of the dreams themselves define me, but reactions to my circumstances reveal my true character. This applies even more when Im awake.
Am I really limited to even this life? Is my purpose any less self serving than artificial experiences inside the chamber? Im also capable of killing when my life is at stake, so am I any better than the men outside? Circumstances can make a good heart kill and an ugly mind obey.  There must be a true nature of humanity beyond circumstances, where an unalterable innocence is found.  This is the place I yearn to discover.
*****
Waking in the dark vessel, I quickly eat breakfast, anxious to leave. Climbing out of my sleeping bag, I pack my backpack and climb the ladder to the sled. Armed with radiation detection badges, I can now safely explore inland. My exploration will begin in Pearl Harbor which was sheltered from fallout during the attack.
Anchoring outside the exposed basin, I hike inland, entering the mouth of Pearl Harbor. Soon standing next to the USS MISSOURI, I stare in awe at the ship, over a century old. Sitting on top of the frozen coral, it was stuck in port when the ocean dropped. The eastern side displays severe damage from the nuclear blast.
I pass the USS ARIZONA, also fully exposed by the retreating sea. Large holes litter the sides from damage inflicted during the surprise attack and decades of corroding underwater. The sacrifices made by the men the day she sank, were at a time when the world emerged into a different chaos. Unlike most of the people at the end of my world, the men in this ship retained their honor when departing this world.
Continuing inland, foundations of swept away structures appear. Soon, larger concrete buildings become visible. With the radiation badge still clear, I continue onto the remnants of the elevated freeway.
Walking the freeway towards ground zero, I see the icy crater from the blast. Bent skeletal remains of buildings line the snowy landscape. With nothing intact, the island is devoid of life. I return through Pearl Harbor, past the old warships, and back to the sail sled on the edge of the ice.
Sailing around the southwestern tip of Oahu and up the western coast, a few larger buildings remain, but nothing looks promising enough to support life. Staring across the vast channel to the west under a darkening sky, Im unable to see any sign of Kauai. Crossing the white abyss will be the most dangerous part of my journey.
I set up camp on the far northwestern tip of Oahu at nightfall. Camping here, Ill set sail for Kauai at first light and hope to be within visual range by nightfall tomorrow, when I will sleep amidst the emptiness. Eating my dinner inside the tent, the swift wind howls outside.
Inside my sleeping bag, thinking of the vast expanse between Oahu and Kauai waiting for me tomorrow makes me uneasy. The uneasiness is only outweighed by my desire to know if Im alone, pushing me past the fear. Knowing nothing will stop me from finishing my journey, I drift asleep with the tent flapping in the breeze.
Chapter 24
Into The Void

Its only after weve lost everything
that were free to do anything.
-Tyler Durden, Fight Club

A relatively calm and clear day greets me awake. I must be in visual range of Kauai before nightfall, or I risk disorientation. Quickly packing, Im soon sailing to the west into white nothingness. The sky lightens, increasing my chances of spotting Kauai.
Miniscule western peaks on Oahu are soon the only landmarks in white emptiness. Stopping to eat lunch, I look around. Im a speck in the vast Pacific Ocean, now transformed into a massive ice sheet stretching for thousands of miles in each direction. Finishing lunch, I sail into nothingness while the faint outline of Oahu disappears behind me.
Traveling for several hours my only guide is the angle of the wind against the sail. Ill travel straight as long as it doesnt shift. A snowflake hits my goggles, followed by another. The darkening sky makes me uneasy.
Sailing towards the obscured horizon, the wind picks up. Still unable to see land, snow falls more intensely, and the wind strengthens. Soon the sail sled is difficult to control. A blizzard is quickly rolling in on top of me from the west.
There isnt time to turn around. I must secure the sled to the ice and take shelter inside until it passes. Using four ice anchors on each corner, I secured the sled with ropes. Struggling to tie off the last corner, the sled rattles violently against the ice. I shelter myself inside just as the howling wind, intense snow, and dark sky come in full force.
The sled rattles beneath me. I hold on tight, hoping she will hold until the blizzard passes. The wind increases, shaking everything. Peering outside, intense snow whips against the sled, piling around the edges.
Minutes pass, seeming like hours. The front of the sled pounds into the ice with every gust that catches underneath the body. A section of panel splits by my feet under the intense force, shooting a cold gust of wind inside. The sled is breaking apart at the seams.
Quickly grabbing the slack from the rear anchor rope, I tie it firmly around my waist. The front panel breaks off, and cold wind sweeps away several bags of food stuffed inside. Reaching down for the loose items, I manage to save one bag of food and the pistol, shoving them inside my cold weather suit. The split continues along the left side, allowing more and more wind and snow to enter. I strain to my feet again, this time taking my fathers journal and my reality notebook, shoving them into my coat.
The split reaches the back corner, instantly removing the entire top of the sled and the mast, carrying them into the sky. Fierce wind pelts my body, scattering the remainder of my gear in all directions. The bottom half of the sled thrashes against the loose ropes. Rolling into the snow, Im still secured to the stake by the rope. The bottom portion of the sled disappears into the white abyss.
Lying flat, I cling desperately to the rope tethered in the ice. The wind howls and snow bombards me from all sides. How did this happen? Im alone, have no shelter or transportation. Land is out of sight, and the safety of the compound is hundreds of miles away. One bag of food and a pistol are my only possessions, and Im trapped in a blizzard that shows no sign of relenting.
Chapter 25
A Turning Point

You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
-Mohandas Gandhi

Lying on the ice, hours pass into night. Snow covers my body while I drift in and out of broken sleep. Over the course of the endless night, I analyze every aspect of my life. Thoughts of my parents, Allison, my returning memories, my dreams, the destruction of this world, and this journey all battle for my attention.
At some point along the way these things take backstage to what Ive learned about myself.  Im more than the sum of anything I do or experience, in my dreams or awake. With this, I can forget all else but survival once the storm lifts. I fall asleep shivering inside my cold weather suit.
Opening my eyes, Im surrounded in darkness. Rolling over, the snow falls away from my goggles and a dimly lit white landscape emerges. The blizzard passed. Still no land, but Im grateful to be alive. All that remains of the sail sled are four stakes and two pieces of rope lying before me. Taking the ropes from the ground, I inventory the contents of my pockets- one bag of food, the pistol with one clip, two notebooks, my fathers watch, and my mothers gold necklace. Everything else is gone.
I must find land. Should I try to return to Oahu? Already exploring this island, it holds nothing to eat or any way to get me home, but it is in the direction of home. Should I go to Kauai? This island is farther from home but may have a habitable site. With neither choice very promising, I choose the unknown, Kauai.
What will keep me from walking in circles? Looking down, I see the orientation of the stakes in the ice, evidencing my original direction of travel. Knowing which way I was traveling yesterday, how can I be sure to continue in the same direction once sight of my only reference is lost?
A slight breeze from the north hits my right side. My only option is the wind. Taking a string from my undershirt, I tie it to the end of the pistol and let it flap in the breeze. If the wind stays at the same relative angle, I should walk in a straight line.
Wandering into nothingness, I try not to think what will happen if I miss land. Continuing for hours, I block out any thoughts of missing Kauai entirely and dying of freezing or starvation.
Taking a midday break for lunch, I eat only a small ration, knowing I need to conserve my meager supply. I continue into the unknown. Even here, facing my own death, Im more alive than Ive ever been dreaming inside the chamber.
The channel is over ninety miles across, and I traveled at least sixty miles before the storm yesterday. Walking for the better part of today, I must have covered at least fifteen miles.  Kauai should be in sight.  Frustrated, I force myself to keep walking.
The sky darkens while I continue traveling late in the afternoon. I fear sleeping on the ice another night, chilled to my core. I picture my father, hiking down into Haleakala Crater, meeting a similar frozen demise. I dont want to die this way.
While the afternoon light fades into an evening sky, a large structure protrudes from the ice a ways in front of me. I must be delusional. Taking a second look, it appears to be a large oil tanker, frozen into the icy surface.
Maybe I can at least find shelter here for the night. I search the steel hull for an entrance. The tanker has been frozen into the ice for a long time, just like the submarine. Are there similar ships scattered around the world, stuck in the middle of nowhere during the worldwide freeze? No means of entry is visible, so I check the far side.
Rounding the stern, a rope ladder leads to the top of the vessel a few yards away. Going for the ladder, I spy a hose dangling over the side, nearly touching the ground at the far end of the tanker. Connected to the hose is a jeep, sitting on the icy surface. Two humans stand next to the jeep, pumping fuel into the gas tank. A third smaller, dark figure emerges next to them, and rapidly descends upon me.
Chapter 26
Interwoven Destiny

A person often meets his destiny
on the road he took to avoid it.
-Jean de La Fontaine

The angry eyes of a ravenous dog barrel down on me. Jumping on the rope ladder, I scramble out of reach, no time to spare. From the top of the tanker, I look at the circling dog and two men below.
I yell down, Im Gabriel and mean no harm. Can you help me?
The larger man yells, This is our tanker and island. Youre not welcome here and are going to regret coming.
He quickly climbs the ladder before I can pull it up. The second man follows. I need to take control of the situation and make these men understand. Pulling out the pistol, I chamber a round and turn the safety off. Aiming at the top of the ladder, I wait. His angry eyes emerge over the rail and widen at the sight of the pistol aimed at his face.
Staring into his angry beady eyes, I see evil. I came here to find survivors. I dont want to hurt anyone so if you wont help me, Ill just be on my way.
Recalling the men in the garage holding my father captive, I know he is trying to get the upper hand. This man will kill without hesitation. Without the pistol I would have a serious problem.
You and your friend need to leave before someone gets hurt! I shout.
Unwilling to kill anyone, even for a working vehicle, I plan to watch where they go. A solitary light gleams from the now visible island of Kauai. The men quickly leave in the jeep, disappearing towards the light. I wont be here when they return.
Scrambling down the ladder, I follow the jeep tracks towards the light. The first people encountered in fifteen years want to kill me! Is this the meaning I left the compound for? How can they not value my life in a world devoid of life? Jogging down the tracks into the night, I near the shore.
Two lights emerge from the solitary light and move towards me. Each light divides into two more lights. Two vehicles are coming in my direction. They are soon on the ice, speeding towards me in the night. Hoping not to be seen, I lay flat and motionless. The two jeeps pass too close for comfort.
Two vehicles- Im probably dealing with five to eight people. The two sets of taillights trail off towards the tanker, presumably to protect their property. Now may be my only chance to investigate. I run the remaining distance to land, then down an icy road leading towards the solitary light. The taillights disappear behind me into the darkness.
Gripping the loaded pistol firmly in my hand, I run to the light, which now illuminates buildings, similar to the ones in my dream at the wind turbine farm. Cautiously approaching the buildings, I slow to a walk, and my heart races. Wind turbines hum above in the steady breeze.
The light is mounted to a wall, illuminating the nearby buildings and a third jeep. Theres no sign of movement or activity except the hum of the turbines. I follow a dark wall. There arent windows on any buildings, save one pane on a door under the light. These buildings must be converted into greenhouses.
Eyeing the abandoned jeep, Ill take it and slip away into the night, returning home to the Big Island. Slowly approaching the brightly illuminated jeep, I look inside for the keys. None in sight.
I need to act fast before the other vehicles return. I peer inside the window pane on the door nearby. The room is small and empty with another door in the back leading to additional rooms. Quietly, I turn the knob and slip inside, gun drawn.
A brightly lit room and a large table are behind the next door. Muffled male and female voices come from a back room. Quietly, I listen.
These potatoes are crap! Nearly half of a crop lost! You are a worthless gardener. Do you need a reminder of who is in charge? Do you? A man yells.
Im sorry, please dont A pan crashes against a wall in the next room. Some keys lay on the table a few feet away from me. Now is my chance.
Another loud crash comes from the room. A scream echoes, and a woman emerges in fear, just when I snatch the keys. Time stops, our eyes meeting in silence. Staring into familiar eyes, I can utter but one word- Allison?
Just then a large man emerges, his eyes meeting mine in a ferocious stare.
Chapter 27
Love Renewed

If you love life, life will love you back.
-Norman Vincent Peale

Allison looks bewildered while the man shouts, Who the hell are you? You must be that man the guys went to take care of. Ill finish you myself.
Taking a large knife from behind, he approaches in a murderous rage.
Pulling the pistol from my side, I say, Thats far enough. Drop the knife!
Stopping, he looks at me with anger and fear.
Sit down facing the wall.
I cock the gun. Hesitating for a moment, he turns and faces the wall.
I shift my focus, Allison, its me, Gabriel. Youre still alive!
Her eyes light up.
While giving her a hug, she cries and mumbles, I need to get out of here.
I will take you somewhere safe.
She nods, and we leave after tying up the man. Soon inside the jeep, it starts, but only has half a tank of gas- not nearly enough to make it home. I check two spare gas cans on the side of the building, but they are empty. Taking them, I climb back in and shift into reverse.
Allison, we need to stop at the tanker for gas.
She nods.
Thats where the rest of the men went to find me so we arent out of the woods yet.
Putting the jeep in gear, we drive towards the exit with the headlights off.
Well drive across the ice and park to the side in darkness until the other jeeps return. Once theyre clear, well top off the jeep and spare tanks at the tanker and then slip away to the Big Island where theyll never find us.
Reaching the exit, I turn towards the coast. Two pairs of headlights come into view a hundred yards ahead. Too late to hide, I drive towards the approaching vehicles.
Passing near the first vehicle, I make eye contact with the large man who was going to kill me on the tanker. He breaks, coming to a stop. I quickly floor the gas to gain distance. Passing the second jeep, I turned the wheel violently into the rear corner panel, spinning it off the road, and bouncing us back towards the ice. Struggling to gain control, I watch the other jeep spin into a ditch. Gaining a little distance, the first jeep is soon behind us. Knowing they have more gas, outrunning them isnt an option.
We leave Kauai and drive onto the icy surface. Two headlights follow close behind. I need more time. Turning the steering wheel while pushing the E-brake causes the jeep to spin around and come to a stop. Facing the approaching vehicle, I climb out. Standing in the headlight beams, I draw my pistol.
The first jeep barrels down at an accelerating speed. Just before impact, I dive to the side, and fire three shots at the right tires. The jeep loses control, sliding sideways until catching a rough patch of snow. The top-heavy vehicle gains traction and rolls on its side, sliding to a stop.
I get back into the jeep with Allison and speed through the night towards the tanker. Several shots are fired by the men who climb out of the overturned jeep, striking the vehicles steel skin. Knowing only minutes are gained, I welcome the sight of the tanker emerging in the darkness. Pulling next to the fuel hose, I waste no time filling the gas tank. Allison hands me the reserve tanks which I begin to fill while she climbs back inside.
Another set of headlights catches my eye in the distance. The second jeep is now free from the ditch. Men shout and a dog growls somewhere unseen in the night while the first reserve tops off. I place it in the jeep and return for the second reserve which fills under the dangling hose.
Out of the night, the angry dog dashes through the air, violently grasping the arm of my cold weather suit and taking me to the ground. We roll into the nearly full fuel can, knocking it over and to the side. The angry dog snaps at my neck and face several times. My adrenaline peaks as a large puddle of fuel grows on the snow around us. The men will be here soon, and that will be the end.
With a burst of energy I break free of the dog and kick him away. Grasping for the jeep door, I stumble inside a second before the dog jumps against the drivers side window. The second spare tank will be left behind. Well make do with only one.
Taking a road flare from the floor in the back, I light it and open the door just enough to toss it out. It lands in the puddle next to the overturned second spare tank. Depressing the gas pedal, the jeep gains traction, and we leave as more bullets strike the metal skin. Speeding away into the night, the extra tank explodes into a ball of flames behind us. The dangling hose ignites, and a flame quickly climbs to the top where the fire spreads. Large flames erupt on the front half of the tanker, as we increase distance. A mushroom cloud lights up the sky all around, followed instants later by the loud explosion.
Chunks of ice and water rain down around the jeep while we continue to drive away. The tanker burns behind us until turning into a dull glow on the nights horizon. I slow down the jeep to a fuel efficient speed and follow a compass on the dash east into the night. Driving alone in the darkness towards Oahu, I turn to Allison.
Im so happy to see you. Are you ok? I ask.
Leaning over, she says, I am now, thanks to you Gabriel.
Clearly shaken by the intense chase, she continues, My family left after Greg died and we arrived at our wind turbine farm on Kauai before the war. We converted the structures into greenhouses and invited two other families nearby to join us. Living inside in safety, the world froze and died following the nuclear attack. We took turns using a second sleep chamber my mother brought from the laboratory on the Big Island to dream lifetimes.
Kauai was quiet for some time, and we thought we were alone. Just when the ocean was freezing, an oil tanker arrived and anchored offshore. The ship soon froze into place and the crew came ashore looking for food.
We initially traded fuel from the tanker for small amounts of food from our greenhouse. The men from the tanker decided that we werent giving them enough, so they attacked us, killing my parents and six others. The three women remaining were kept to garden. My only comfort has been the chamber which they allowed me to use. Over the years, the other two women were killed and Ive lived in fear for my life. I gave up all hope long ago.
Allison, Im sorry about your parents and everything youve been through. It mustve been terrifying. Ive lived alone on the Big Island. My parents left only a few months after the freeze because there wasnt enough food. They died on Maui, and Ive lived alone, entering my own chamber for escape ever since. If I known you were alive here, I wouldve come long ago.
I look into her eyes in the dark passenger seat and know I love her. We continue across the ice towards Oahu through the early morning darkness while sharing our difficult lives and memories of childhood. Allison leans over and grabs my hand. For the first time in this icy world, I feel happy, knowing theres something worth living for in this reality.
Driving around the southern tip of Oahu in the early morning light, we approach the submarine I entered a few days ago. Itll be a good place to add the spare fuel into the main tank. Climbing out of the jeep, I look into Allisons eyes, and she smiles. While adding extra fuel to the main tank, all I think about is how nice itll be to get her back to the compound and begin our new life.
Allison leans over towards the drivers side window. Looking into her eyes, its clear Ive loved her my entire life and always will. Leaning inside the drivers window, I kiss her. All the feelings in the chamber for her are here, but intensified. We embrace, melting away. She suddenly pulls away with an intense and serious look on her face, but doesnt speak. Something is wrong. Time slows down.
Gabriel, look out! she screams.
Spinning around, I see the second jeep barreling down on us. Without a second to spare, I dive out of the way just when the speeding jeep nearly crushes me but hits the side of the rear bumper instead. Both vehicles spin in opposite directions across the ice. Jumping up, I run to Allison and climb inside. Blood trickles down her forehead, but her eyes are open. Her captors have found us.
Chapter 28
When Dreams End

When one realizes one is asleep,
at that moment one is already half awake.
-P. D. Ouspensky

The other jeep sits motionless, close to ours but facing away. The four men inside are slow to move. A few seconds pass. The men climb out and come for us. Starting the jeep, I speed towards land just before they approach. In the rearview mirror, the men climb inside and are soon hot on our tail. The man in the passengers seat fires shots from a rifle.
Allison regains consciousness, so I hand her one of my gloves, and say, Hold this tightly on your forehead.
Unable to gain distance the shots seem to be getting closer and closer, ricocheting off the metal skin. The rear window shatters, so I know they are homing in. Looking at the ruined city on the shore nearby, I jerk the wheel and turn towards the crumbled city wall. The other jeep follows.
The tires shake while we cross onto the exposed frozen rock and past the shoreline. The jeep passes between two narrow sections of the crumbling wall on the edge of Waikiki. Once inside the wall, twisted metal and concrete structures remain along the sides of the former streets. Weaving in and out of the skeletal remains of the hotels, I try to shake the pursuers.
The second jeep follows closely. We leave the surface and jump from an angled slab of concrete from a collapsed hotel. Id be in awe of the devastation, if I wasnt in fear for our lives. After weaving in and out of the frozen rubble without success I turn towards Diamond Head Crater.
The jeep struggles to use all its power to climb the steep, frozen and uneven road around the north side of Diamond Head Crater. Reaching the crest of the road, the other jeep closes to within a few feet. Several shots are fired from short range. The jeep swerves violently. We just lost a tire. While turning with the spin into Diamond Head Crater, the other jeep slides down the road, missing the entrance. They will be back on us soon.
Parking by a path in the crater, I see them approach in the distance.
Allison, can you run?
She nods and we jump from the jeep and run up an old concrete staircase leading to a bunker embedded in the mountain above. I look back at the four men climbing out in pursuit. I remove the pistol, knowing there are nine shots remaining.
Bullets hit a rock next to me as we climb. Spinning around, I take three shots. One hits the closest attacker in the chest. He drops to the ground, but his three friends continue to give chase.
Climbing a few more stairs, bullets ricochet around us off the concrete and old metal railings lining the path. One long flight of stairs remains before the safety of the bunker where my pistol will have an advantage in the narrow corridors. The steeper stairs slow our progress, bringing the attackers closer behind.
Almost there, I watch a bullet enter Allisons right thigh. She falls to the stairs and screams out in pain. A second shot hits her behind the shoulder blade, causing her to cry out a second time, louder. With the attackers almost on top of us, I pick her up onto my shoulder. I carry her up the last few stairs into bunker at the top.
While setting her down, suddenly my left hip is on fire, shot from close range. Turning around, I take two shots at the man only feet away, hitting him in the chest and stomach. He falls backwards onto the other attackers climbing the stairs below.
Three men stumble down the staircase, stopping their progress. The two remaining attackers move the body of the third out of the way at the bottom of the stairs out of pistol range. They strategically take position behind rocks, carefully aiming their rifles at the only exit, knowing we eventually have to emerge.
Were pinned down, but safe for the moment. Ducking back inside, I turn to Allison. Blood spits from the wound in her back. I try in vain to apply pressure to stop the bleeding.
Softly pushing my hand away, she smiles, Gabriel, you rescued me. I was free again if only for a short time.
A tear rolls down her cheek.
I love you, and always have, I reply, You cant die. We are all that remains for each other in this world.
She cries, closes her eyes then reopens them.
Shes fading away. I finally found meaning, and now its being ripped away. Not fair!
Gabriel, its beautiful.
Whats beautiful Allison?
The lightThe world is outlined in beautiful, colored energy. It covers everything, even you. Gabriel, Im not afraid to die.
Leaning over, I kiss her just when she closes her eyes and becomes motionless in my arms. My heart sinks. All remaining meaning in this world departs with her.
But waitShe just described what happens at the end of every dream right before I awake in exact detail, but here. Hows it possible?
Deep down in my heart I know the truth. Since my last dream, even this world transformed into something that is unable to hold my attention- especially now that Allison is gone. This is a dream containing nothing left to create. Im finished being a dreamer in any dream world.
I picture my death just a few miles from here when the nuclear warhead detonated over Honolulu. Ive lived so many dreams, always ending in awakening. I picture the rusting ship on the coast of Lanai and remember- time recycles all thats form back into idea in a system devoid of any waste. The calming energy pattern fills the edges of my vision, coating the physical world around me. Everything transforms into light. I have no sensation of the bullet wound or my body. Looking down at the pistol in my hand, coated in light, I smile.
I say aloud, If its nothing but a dream, then why not?
Rushing around the corner and outside the bunker, I immediately fire two shot at the first man, hiding behind a rock. One bullet grazes the top of his shoulder. His return fire disappears into the light coating my leg, just above my knee. I feel nothing. Laughing loudly, I fire the remaining two shots towards the second attacker, hitting the rock in front of him. The gun makes a click, click, telling me its empty. Both men stand up, aim with their rifles, and fire their entire clips into my body.
I merge with the energy field while bullets riddle my body, unfelt. Laughing again, I rise above my body and watch it lifelessly collapse, tumbling down the long staircase below. While floating higher above the frozen landscape, the world disappears, emerging me in light. Im ready for all dreams to end.
Chapter 29
Conscious Awakening

Only that day dawns to which we awake.
-Henry David Thoreau

A glass window is inches in front of me. This looks like a chamber, but Im definitely not in the compound. My hands are those of a twenty year old. Looking through the glass, Im inside a large building with rows of identical sleep chambers.
A video projects on the inside of the glass in front of me. An older man speaks, Hello, Im Mark Andrews, the director of the FHSA or Federal Human Survival Agency. My agency is dedicated to ensuring the survival of the human race. If youre watching this, it means our efforts have paid off.
You are one of the few humans chosen to begin our species again. Many resources were allocated to enable your survival when our planet became uninhabitable, so please cherish your life and this new opportunity. You just awoke from a sleep chamber thats kept your body in stasis for decades or possibly even centuries.
Your body was preserved with the hope that the human race can one day continue on. Survival requires evolving as a species, using new technology smartly, and not repeating the same mistakes which destroyed our planet.
You are in a facility on a mountainside of the Big Island of Hawaii. Your dream may have had a similar theme, but that has an explanation which Ill get to shortly. What you need to know is that in the first few decades of the twenty first century, we humans destroyed our planet with weapons, carbon emissions, and every other type of pollution imaginable. We also destroyed our humanity in the same process. We lost our integrity in an attempt to gain our survival, failing on both accounts.
We became too addicted to consuming the earths precious resources and too apathetic to implement any real changes to stop the transformation we were causing. Our government, realizing it was too late to halt the global momentum, focused on ensuring human survival.
With the destruction of our civilization imminent, we know someday in the distant future whatever damage we caused will eventually heal because the earth is a very resilient organism when left to recover without interference. The preservation of the human species being paramount, we built these large complexes in the United States while other governments made similar attempts elsewhere in the world. These complexes are powered by geothermal energy and will enable your survival and transformation.
One thousand humans are kept in sleep stasis at your facility, preserving your bodies until its time to awaken and repopulate the earth. You and the other humans were chosen from the most physically and mentally capable people available. Your former lifetimes were erased from your memories to delete the remnants of the mistakes and selfishness that scarred you from the thousands of generations before.
You were then placed in the chambers and programmed with a base dream. Your dream took place in an environment as close to our post apocalyptical world as possible. This is done to ensure that you are familiar with your environment upon awakening, and are fully aware of the consequences of what humanity did to our planet.
In each of your dreams, you were actually interacting with the other people in this facility so that you would be familiar with them after awakening and also have a shared basis for interaction in this world. Your journey was individual in that your selfish human mind had to be conquered by you alone, under all circumstances. The long journey you just completed was a path of awakening and self discovery.
You were given the opportunity to create as many dream lives as you needed. This served to allow you to exhaust all personal desire for manifesting destructive or consuming circumstances in your life. You likely lived thousands of lifetimes, all of which fed into some self-serving desire, held at the core of your being. Inside the chamber, you created anything you wished and the consequences were only projected onto your dream.
Only after your desires were exhausted or you saw past the need to manifest them did you awaken, marking your worthiness to inherit the healed planet. A personal desire to awaken from all dreams is why you are here now. Think of yourself as a caterpillar in a cocoon, only emerging after your transformation into a butterfly was complete.
Theres a station by the front entrance thatll scan your brain, causing a memory re-sequencing and instantly enabling you to recall every lifetime you dreamt. Dont worry, its perfectly safe, and after the scan youll fully understand whats meant by fully exhausting all of your self-serving desires.
After the planet healed, you were allowed to wake up. In the years prior to the first human awakening, seeds were scattered around the landscape by this facility, so there should be a thriving ecosystem outside. Hopefully you understand the value of the world youre about to inherit.
If you begin excessively consuming this world, the chambers will remain fully available for re-entry, to live out these fantasies non-destructively. Ahead of you lies the noblest task in human history- to help create a civilization in harmony with itself and the world it inhabits. Youre armed with the lessons learned from our past and the wisdom from countless lifetimes of personal growth. We from the past wish you the best of luck in this great endeavor.
The screen goes dark, and the lid opens into the large room. My eyes adjust to the light, and I see a woman standing in front of me. Its Allison, only shes about twenty. I stare in silent awe as our eyes meet.
Chapter 30
Beginning Anew

Of course you don't die. Nobody dies. Death doesn't exist.
You only reach a new level of vision, a new realm
of consciousness, a new unknown world.
- Henry Miller

I sit up and she gives me a hug, a long kiss on the lips, and begins to cry.
She proclaims, You finally woke up! It worked!
I reply, Im so happy to see you here! What worked? What is going on?
She explains, We were linked in a dream many weeks ago, sharing a love so intense it brought about my awakening here after your death. I awoke here while you continued to search for that same happiness in your dreams. I was the first person in this facility to awaken. I came back into your dreams for you after realizing the magnificence of this place and the meaning of life here.
I was going to dream however long it took to get you to awaken. I wanted to tell you to awaken, but the only way was for you to complete your transformation and to exhaust your desires inside. I decided to try to help you and chased you through dream world after dream world, sharing our love if only just for a short time, repeating similar dreams that caused my own awakening. Somehow, it eventually worked and you stopped chasing dreams of me and here we are. We are the first two people to awake in a world of meaning, together.
Allison takes a tube out of a port in my arm that is labeled, nutrient system tube She carefully helps me into a wheelchair and pushes me down the rows of chambers.
When I died on Diamond Head, I thought the dream was another failure. I tried to enter another dream with you, but you were nowhere to be found. Thats when I woke here and climbed out of the chamber and here you are, awake.
I lost you so many times. I look at her and smile, So you knew in each of our dreams that we were asleep?
Yes, I knew but I couldnt tell you. I was just happy to be spending time with you.
Thank you for what you did for me.
I wouldve done whatever it took.
Happy shes real, I imagine being able to start a life of meaning in this place with her. Allison continues to wheel me down the rows and rows of chambers towards the front door. Passing one of the chambers, I glance inside. The face was oddly familiar, so I ask, Who is this woman?
Her name is Claire.
I immediately recognize the person, a young version of my mother. Shes alive here and dreaming too. My parents didnt die on Haleakala, but dreamt all along, just as I did. Relief washes over me when I realize nobody in any of my dream worlds really died when our realities temporarily parted. Somewhere in this room, my father, Greg, or even the men I seemed to kill, are peacefully asleep.
Approaching the front door, Allison says, Before you can go outside you need your memory re-sequenced, which will help you understand many things. All of the memory suppressions between your dream lifetimes will be removed, enabling you to simultaneously recall all your dreams. When this happens, you will instantly gain a far greater understanding of all the lessons you learned inside.
Allison rolls me into a small room next to the main exit. After she pushes a few buttons, a probe drops next to my head. She announces with a smile, Itll only hurt for a second.
The probe moves around my head. Suddenly, my mind flashes- memories and emotions from thousands of seemingly separate lives surge. Loves, hates, births, deaths, and every variety of human experience return. My lifetimes of actions always affected those around me but returned to me in the end. Self-centered desires trapped me in my dream states, separating me from my true self, burning inside my mind for countless lifetimes before exhausting. Evolving into an understanding that everything I experienced was an aspect of me is what finally broke me free, returning me to absolute harmony.
The scanner stops, and Allison pushes me out of the small room where I gained an indescribable new understanding of reality. She leans over, gives me a long kiss, and looks into my eyes with a big smile.
Welcome home.
Opening the exit door, she pushes me outside. We emerge into a lush and bright new world. Were awake together, ready to build something spectacular.
When Dreams End
Additional information:
Website: http://www.WhenDreamsEnd.com

Other Work By Miles Harman:
I Am God, Be Still and Know

Email the author: Miles.Harman@yahoo.com

A special thanks to:
M. Nightingale for editorial support
