The Cosmic Ray Heresy

Frank A. Smith

Copyright 2011 by Frank A. Smith
Smashwords 3rd Edition

THE COMIC RAY HERESY is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, organizations, places and events, and incidents either are the products of the authors imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, events or locales, is entirely coincidental.

Chapter 1-The Letter
Can we go yet, Daddy?
Olivia was sitting on the wooden office chair with one short leg, her pink sneakers planted on the front rung, and impatiently rocking back and forth. 
In a minute, sweetheart. Daddy has one more thing to do. Finish your juice and throw the box in the wastebasket. 
The mail on my desk contained an invitation to the universitys holiday gala, a bunch of ads for scientific equipment and new text books, and a manila envelope bearing some very pretty postage stamps from Vatican City. It was the return address that really got my attention.

Congregation Per La Dottrina Della Fede
Piazza del Uffizio 11, 00193
Roma, Italia

I slit the envelope and took a deep breath.
 
Reverend Francis X. Donnelly, Ph.D.          
Department of Physics
Pennsylvania Commonwealth University
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19144
USA

Dear Father Donnelly:

We enclose a copy of a letter published in The Philadelphia Inquirer and signed by you in which you advocated the ordination of women.  You do not have the option of questioning the tradition of the male only priesthood. We strongly urge you to write another letter to that newspaper correcting the original. 
In another matter we believe you are guilty of violating article 277 of canon law. Supporting photographs are included. We have asked His Excellency Robert K. Reilly, Archbishop of Philadelphia, to investigate this charge and apply appropriate sanctions.  
We trust that both matters can be resolved satisfactorily. 

Sincerely Yours in Christ, 
Antoni Cardinal Tossi, Prefect
Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith             

Not exactly what I expected. Four hundred years ago, when it tussled with another physicist, the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith was known as The Sacred Congregation of the Universal Inquisition.  Galileo lost that battle. Today the favorite targets of the CDF are theologians, not physicists. 
I could guess as to what article 277 of the Churchs legal code was about. To that I could plead guilty. They had the photos to prove it. I had been seen in the company of two very pretty ladies. One was my sister. The other was Victoria Meyers. What I expected was a response to my petition to marry her.
"Dadeee!"

 I walked and Olivia skipped across the University Quad. The morning was sunny and cool with the smell of autumn in the air. Someone in the surrounding neighborhood was defying a city ordinance and burning leaves. High winds over the weekend had swirled leaves against the low stone walls that crisscrossed campus. I kicked up a nice pile in a corner and held Olivias hands as she jumped from the wall. 
One more time, Daddy. Jump with me.
 I jumped. What good is tenure if you can't act a little crazy once in a while?

Munchkin House is a day care center for faculty and staff children housed in a Victorian mansion on the edge of campus. This is Olivias second year and Im running out of space on the refrigerator for her projects. After a wet kiss and a hug I surrendered my little blue-eyed blond to the student volunteer on the porch.  Seven-thirty to four-thirty is a long stretch for a four-year-old even with nap time in the afternoon. I promised to come back for her lunchtime "tea party".  

 Chapter 2- The Visit

By the time I got back to my building the sky was turning gray and there was a distant rumble of thunder. The tall woman at the end of the hall peering into the small window in my office door was tilted slightly to her left to balance the large leather bag hanging from her right shoulder. A compact umbrella dangled from her left wrist.
"Looking for me?" I said walking toward the door.  Dressed too well to be a student, my intuition said textbook sales or scientific equipment. 
"Room two-eleven? Professor Donnelly?
Guilty" I said inserting my key in the lock "Please, come in. It looks like we're in for some weather out there."
"I think we just made it," she said dropping the umbrella into her bag, She fished around in there and came out with a leather case holding a badge and ID.
"Detective Angela Rossi," she said. "Philadelphia Police Department, Cyber Crime." 
So much for my intuition.
Frank Donnelly, I said. We shook hands. I must have looked puzzled.
"Credit card theft, computer scams, that sort of thing. Your emails?" 
"Ah, yes, yes. I had just about given up on that."
Forgive me for barging in on you like this, Professor. I checked your class schedule on your web site and thought I might catch you early.  Do you have some time?
Sure, I don't have a class until later. Let me get you some room here." 
I moved Olivia's stuffed rabbit from the chair to a bookcase and some books piled on the edge of my desk to the windowsill. She sat in the chair, dropped her bag on the floor, took out a pen and small notebook, and put on a pair of glasses. I sat in the swivel chair behind my desk
"I must apologize for taking so long to get back to you. Your email has been sitting on my desk for over a month. I read your brief bio on the  web site.  Very interesting.  I don't think I ever met a married Catholic priest and a scientist to boot. By the way, do you prefer 'Doctor' or 'Father'?"
"Usually it's 'Doctor' here at the university and 'Father' at St. Elizabeth's where I'm the weekend assistant.  To my boyhood friends I'm still,  'Reds' ".
She smiled. "I promise I won't call you 'Reds'. Actually another email problem dropped on my desk last week prompted my visit. It might be related to yours. Did you happen to know the elderly priest who was killed last week in a fall?"
At St. Gabriel's?" 
Thats right. Father Soroka.  There was a notice of his death in yesterday's Inquirer. Did you see it?
No, I didnt. I think there was a mention of it on the evening news one night last week."
She took a folded piece of paper from her bag.
It was on page eleven of the Local News section. Here are a couple lines from the obit. Father Albert Soroka died of injuries sustained in a fall at St. Gabriels Catholic Church in Southwest Philadelphia. Then it goes on for two paragraphs with his bio, a list of the parishes he served in, and finishes with this line, Father Soroka has been in retirement at St. Gabriels since he was cited in the 2005 Philadelphia Grand Jury Report on the clerical sexual abuse of minors. 
Isnt that a nice way to be remembered?" I said.  "But what has this to do with my email?
"We found a similar email on the priest's laptop."
 She crossed her legs, adjusted her glasses, and leaned forward. The chair rocked on its uneven legs. 
Were taking a closer look at the accident.
 You think maybe it wasnt? An accident, I mean.
We dont know."
 She flipped through a few pages in her notebook and said, Let me read you his email. Priests should be truly priests. When they are not, corrections can be made. Very similar to yours which readshe paused and flipped againYou are reminded again that sins should not remain unpunished. Priests should be truly priests. Do I have it right?
Yes thats it. I first received similar emails when I was ordained a Catholic priest. Then they stoppeduntil recently. The you are reminded again part is new.
Any idea what they mean?
My guess is that somebody doesnt like the fact that I was married when I was ordained. Not a true priest. Generally married priests with families have been accepted in parishes but some Catholics are against it."
"I saw on TV that the new pope was going to allow this but I wasnt aware they could already do itand I was raised Catholic.
 It's still pretty rare but it's been Church policy since 1980. Protestant ministers who convert to Catholicism can be ordained as Catholic priests even if married. In my case I was originally an Episcopal priest. The Church doesnt widely publicize it. Its an admission that mandatory celibacy is not strictly necessary for the Catholic priesthood.
But it is for a regular priest isnt it, a priest who was Catholic all along?
Absolutely. If a priest falls in love and wants to marry he must leave the priesthood.
It doesnt seem fair, she said. "There shouldn't be a penalty for love."
Im sure a lot of priests feel that way; certainly ones that were forced to leave the clergy in order to marry. Then I come along, and others like me, Johnnies-come-lately to the Church, and we are permitted to have something they are denied. I agree its unfair.
"Clerical prodigal sons," she said.
"Not a bad analogy."
"Have you ever suspected that a priest might be behind your emails?
Ive had no reason to believe that but I suppose its possible.

Chapter 3- The Interrogation


"Let me get to the photo," she said. 
The detective took a laptop from her bag, put it on the edge of my desk, opened it, and turned it on. As she moved the wooden chair rocked agin. I took a coaster out of my desk drawer and got up.
If youll stand for a minute I have a high tech solution for that problem. 
I pushed the coaster under the short leg. 
A lot of the furniture in the state colleges is made in the prisons and many of the inmates are not exactly craftsmen.
Thanks. I was getting sea sick.
She remained standing and bent over her computer as she worked the touch pad.  The picture came up on the screen.
I want to identify everyone in this photo that was attached to one of your emails, she said flipping a page in her notebook and sitting down in the now stable chair. I went back around my desk and sat. She turned the laptop toward me. 
The picture was of me, Vicki, Olivia, and Joey at a picnic table at the Philadelphia Zoo. We went there for Joey's fifth birthday in late August. I had no idea who took the picture.  The sender had done a cut and paste job on it and replaced a plate of cupcakes with a round bomb, the cartoon kind that Wylie E. Coyote gets from Acme mail order. The same photo, sans bomb, was in the envelope from the CDF.
"It scared me, I'll admit."
"Is the photo-shopped bomb covering something else?"
"Cup cakes," I said. "It was the boy's birthday."
"Sick. Now, names. The boy?"
 Joey."
"And the little girl?"
"That's Olivia, my daughter."
"She's a doll," she said writing in her notebook 
And your wifes name?
Shes not my wife. My wife was killed in an auto accident almost four years ago.
Oh, Im terribly sorry. I.
Perfectly okay. A natural assumption. Shes Joeys mother, Victoria Meyers, a teacher in the parish school at St. Elizabeth's.
She paused and looked up for just a moment. I see. Spelled with an 'i'?she asked.
With a 'y'. M-e-y-e-r-s.
Thank you.
My next question is for the record. Do you consider the emails you received and this picture to be threatening and not just someones idea of a prank?
A threat, a warning, yes.
 I ask because your perception of it as a threat is important in establishing it as a crime. We can investigate a crime but not a prank. And she flipped back a page in her notebook, "Victoria Meyers? She feels threatened by the picture too?
I dont want to scare her. I havent shown it to her yet.
Don't you think you should?
I promised to do so soon.
Doctor Donnelly, is there any possibility that someone objects to yourerfriendship with Ms. Myers; an ex-boyfriend, disgruntled ex-husband, someone who might be behind this?
 Her husband was killed in Iraq.
I see. How about from your end? A professional rival, anyone with a grudge?"
Professional rivals thrash out their differences in scientific journals and in meetings, not with anonymous emails. A grudge? Rachel?  She had been mad at me but she was hardly a psycho.
 I cant think of anyone who stands out.
Anyone who would have known you would be at the Philadelphia Zoo that day?
 I dont think I told anyone. It was a nice day in August. Cool. One of those days that promise autumn. It was a spur of the moment thing. I was in my office preparing notes for the start of the fall semester and Vicki, Mrs. Meyers, emailed me.
 Does anyone besides you have access to your computer?
No one.
Do you log off when you leave your office?
Usually. I might not if Im only going to be out of my office for a short time.
Is it possible that a student or someone else could be in your office at a time when you step out?
I never leave a student alone in my office. The only people I can think of would be Martha Greenberg and Joe Amanti. Doctor Greenberg is on the Faculty Senate with me and we frequently meet in my office to work on Senate business. Dr. Amanti and I are working on a book together. Were in and out of each others office all the time. They both are good friends.
Do you access your email through the universitys web site?
Yes.
Does anyone else know your password?
Not that I know of.
The reason I ask all this is that if someone got into your computer to read your email he, or she, would have known you would be at the zoo that day.
Its easy enough to change my password. Ill do it today.
I would suggest that you dont change your university password yet. Its our only line of communication to your pen pal. I would also suggest you set up a new email accounthot mail or yahoo or something like thatwith a completely random password. Use that when you want to keep any personal information secure.
OK, I can do that.
Bear with me a minute while I catch up on my notes, she said. They should make everyone take shorthand in high school. Okay, now the phrase you are reminded again in the email suggests this wasnt the first one.
No. I had received a few similar ones previously after I was ordained.
Ordained as an Episcopal priest or Catholic priest?
Catholic."
So you were married at the time. This was before your wifes death?
 Around that time. Im not sure if it was before or after.
Do you still have the emails?
Im afraid I deleted them.
On this desk computer?
Yes.
She made a lengthy entry into her notebook.
You said your wife had an accident. May I ask what happened?"
Connie had taken Olivia to CHOP for a blood test.
Childrens Hospital of Philadelphia, she said while writing.
Yes. Coming back, the front wheel on the drivers side fell off our old minivan when she was going through an underpass on the Vine Street Expressway. Connie was killed instantly when the car hit a wall. Olivia didnt get a scratch. I thank God for the engineers who designed her car seat. You dont think theres a connection between her accident and the emails do you?
She answered by saying, It would help if we could establish when you first started receiving them. You said they started around the time you were ordained and then they stopped.
Yes.
Let me speculate for a moment. Suppose you received the emails after you were ordained and while your wife was still alive but they stopped after she died.
Okay, go on.
Recently you started to receive the emails again. Now my question is
I think I know the question. Did the recent ones start after I met Vicki Meyers?
You read my mind.
The answer is yes. I met Mrs. Meyers last April. The emails started in the summer.
And someone who objected to a priest having a wife might also object to a priest having afriend? she said.
Object to a priest having more than a friend, a fiance? Yes," I said. "Let me ask, do you think theres a possibility of foul play with Father Soroka? Someone sends a threatening email and then he has a fatal accident. 
Reverse that, she said. The email was sent the day of his death at 2:04 PM. The medical examiner estimated the time of death as between 9:30 and 10:30 in the morning.

Chapter 4- The Request


Is it just me or is it hot in here? she said as she took off her sweater.
Its hot all right, and humid. They turned the air off and the heat on last week. I think some state bureaucrat decided that there were no warm days after the first of October. Would you like some water? I asked. 
I would, please.
I reached behind me and took two small bottles of Poland Spring from the mini-fridge on my windowsill and handed her one.
Im afraid I dont have any cups.
Oh, this is fine. Thanks.
 I tossed the cap from my bottle into the waste basket in the corner. She turned and flipped her cap into the basket. As she did so she scanned my office and made an entry in her notebook.
Find anything interesting? 
She laughed. Was it so obvious?
Its part of your job and mine. I tell my students that there are two groups of professionals that are trained to be good observers; scientists and the police.
Part of the training at the police academy, she said smiling and taking a sip of water. It gives me an excuse to snoop. 
I took a long pull from my bottle. So, did you take a mental picture of my office?
Its automatic.
She closed her eyes and rattled off a pretty good description of my space. 
Square room about ten by tenwindow across the back wallmicrowavesmall fridgedesk piled with paperssqueaky swivel chairbookcases on two walls with books on physics and matha poster of Einstein riding a bicycleframed mementosdiplomas. Youre about six-two, six-three, red hair, blue eyes, about one- eighty, one- ninety, red flannel shirt, khakis, black running shoes. Possibly a stamp collector. Anyone ever tell you that you look like a tall Matt Damon?
I laughed and thought briefly about who she looked like. With the glasses on a younger Sarah Palin would be close.
Very impressive, I said, but I dont think I look like any movie stars and the three stamps you see in that frame are the extent of my collection.  They're commemoratives of three scientists: Nicolaus Copernicus, who proposed the 'revolutionary' idea that the earth and other planets revolved around the sun, Gregor Mendel, who discovered the laws of heredity, and Georges Lematre, who formulated the Big Bang theory for the creation of the universe. The three were also Catholic priests."
"Defense or aspiration?"
"Definitely defense. I doubt if my face will ever appear on a stamp.  I point to them whenever anyone suggests that my dual roles as priest and scientist are incompatible." 
One other observation if I may, " the detective said. "Except for that picture of the boyyou I assume shaking hands with Pope  John Paul II there is nothing in here that has any religious significance.
And you find this absence curious? 
Considering that you are a Catholic priest, yes.
Ah, but you havent seen the closet, I said getting up. 
I opened the door of my small closet which contained a clerically black suit, shoes, and raincoat, two Roman collars, and my jogging sweats and golf clubs. 
 I stand corrected, she said. You dont seem like a priest. Oh, wait, I mean you seem like a normal guynow that doesnt sound right either.
Its OK, I said laughing and trying to ease back into my desk chair without it squeaking. I take normal as a compliment. The Church has had some decidedly abnormal priests in the news recently and, by the way, you don't look like a cop.
"Touch, Professor."

Prompted by a flash of lightning and crack of thunder Detective Rossi checked her watch and turned to look at the clock over my door. 
 "I know you have a class coming up. Id like to work with you, Professor. See if we can determine who is harassing you. I could stop in another day and try to resurrect those emails that you deleted; see if we can determine if they were sent before your wife died. Ill get back to you on that. One more thing. A favor if you are willing.
She reached into her bag, took out a large red leather wallet, and after a brief search pulled out a small card encased in plastic. She handed it to me.
This was a souvenir from one of my instructors at the police academy; three questions all officers are supposed to ask themselves at a crime scene.
 I read the card.
What IS there?
What IS there that should NOT be there?
What IS NOT there but SHOULD be there?
I gave her back the card. Reads like a script outline for a Colombo TV episode."
One of my favorite TV cops A keen observer. Now heres what Im thinking. What could be better than a trained observer, who is also a priest, for determining what should or should not be at the scene of an accident in a church? An accident involving a priest with whom you seem to share an email history."
"You want me to go to St. Gabriels?
"It's an idea," she said pausing long enough to give me a chance to object. I was curious enough to let her continue. 
Unofficially of coursewith me. I have Father Soroka's computer and I want to ask the pastor at St. Gabe's a few questions. There wouldnt be any harm in us taking a look at the storeroom where the body was discovered.  Maybe you could spot something that we missed.
 Play detective," I said. "It might be interesting." 
More like a consultant. Id like to do it soon, before the site is disturbed any further.
How about Thursday?  I dont have any classes after eleven.
Great. Ill check with the pastor. Say about one o'clock, if hes willing? 
Sounds good."
 The detective put her notes and the laptop back in her bag. As she did so I saw the butt of an automatic protruding from a holster sewed into the lining. She didnt get the bag in Kmart.
"Interesting bag," I said.
"Isn't it?"  she said. "It's a Gun Tote'N Mama.  My mother gave it to me for my birthday."
"A what?"
"Company that makes women's bags with built in holsters. Room for everything a lady needsincluding a Glock Forty," she said smiling. "Very popular with the gals in Texas. Well, I'll get going and let you get back to your work."
We both stood. 
Nice meeting you, Doctor Donnelly. Hopefully we can find out who has been harassing you.
"And what happened to Father Soroka," I said 
"Right. Hopefully, I'll see you Thursday."
We shook hands again.  She took the small umbrella from her bag.
"Run fast and you might not need that," I said looking out the window. 

After the extensive third degree I needed some coffee.

Chapter 5- The Pig

Officially it's the Student Center.  Unofficially its The Pig. The students named it for the huge painting of a pig inside the main entrance. Were waiting for a rich alumnus seeking immortality to come up with a few million to name it something more appealing. I sat in one of the lounge chairs in front of windows overlooking the Quad. The building forms one side of a square surrounding a large grassy area. Some students were tossing a Frisbee around on the grass; others were tying red and white balloons to the roof of a kiosk over a sign that read Say No to a Tuition Hike." A classroom building, the library, and the science building, my digs, complete the square enclosing the open space. 
Imagine Starbucks with a dash of cardboard. I sipped the coffee and pondered my dual roles: Associate Professor of Physics here at PaCom during the week and  on Saturdays and Sundays switching hats, or more accurately switching collars, to become Father Frank Donnelly, weekend assistant at St. Elizabeths Catholic Church in Philadelphias Fairmount section.
 Im not that unusual. Many priests are also scientists. Of course my daughter is unusual. Not many priests have one, at least none they will admit to. This is my fifth year at PaCom. When the Dean interviewed me for the opening in the physics department she had said,
 I see from your resume you are a former Catholic priest. 
 I said, "I still am.
And she said, what everyone always said, But youre married.
My fascinating story must have impressed her. I think it helped boost my diversity quotient; made me a member of an underrepresented minority. How many public universities had a priest in the physics department let alone one with a pregnant wife? Of course, the degrees from MIT and my publication record helped.
I thought for a while about how I should respond to the letter from the CDF, and the emails. Maybe Detective Rossi can unravel the email mystery and maybe I can help her with the death at St. Gabriel's. I smiled at the thought of a third role: Father Donnelly, amateur sleuth. 
I capped the half cup of cooling coffee and headed back across the Quad to my office.

Yo! A little help?  
A wayward Frisbee floated over my shoulder from behind. I stepped after it, snagged it with my right hand, pivoted, and tossed it back in one motion. Smooth.  My downfield receiver gave me a thumbs-up thank you. I felt the first rain drops as I entered my building. 

Chapter 6- Physics Class

By the time I got into my office the rain was power washing my window. I woke up my desk computer and set up a new email account. Now I could also be found at fdonnelly211@hotmail.com. The account has a ten character password consisting of three numerals and random symbols. It looks like the sputtering curses of a cartoon character; hard to remember but secure. I wrote it on the back of a business card and stuck it in my wallet. As a start I sent a short email to Vicki, my mother, my sister, and a few friends asking them to use this new address for personal messages. 
Getting back to the CDF, I googled Code of Canon Law", came up with the Vatican web site, and scrolled down to the section titled The Obligations and Rights of Clerics". Canon 277 concerned celibacy and the second paragraph read: Clerics are to behave with due prudence towards persons whose company can endanger their obligation to observe continence or give rise to scandal among the faithful."
Observe continencethey werent talking about bladder control is a fancy way of saying, stay away from women." Stay away from half the human race. Stay away from Vicki Meyers.
I put my laptop and some notes into my brief case along with the envelope from the CDF and headed for my first class. Students were quietly filling the small lecture hall for my nine o'clock Modern Physics class. I spent half the period going over homework problems before getting to something new. 
  
Time is money, I said.  We save it, invest it, and budget it.  Sometimes we spend too much time on frivolous things and we may all be living on borrowed time. Money is a metaphor for time. Time is also relative. This is not a metaphor. This is a fact. 
 For a week we had been studying Einsteins Special Theory of Relativity. One of the simplest physical theories mathematically, it is one of the most difficult to understand. It says some very weird things about space and time. I clicked on my PowerPoint presentation and the equations for the Lorentz Transformation filled the large screen at the front of the room. In the next slide I directed my laser pointer at the relativistic equation for time variance. 
Lets look at a possible consequence of the relativity of time. Another click and we had a slide with two cartoon characters standing beside a spaceship ready for launch. 
Let me read the caption. The types a little small. The younger guy with the wild hair, lets call him Albert, says to the older guy, Goodbye, Dad. Have a good trip. The older guy says, Thanks son. See you in about 10 years by my clocks'. 
Click. In the next slide the ship was pictured heading for a distant star, circling it, and heading back to earth. A speedometer visible through the ships porthole read, ".99c" or 99% the speed of light.
I want you to calculate the time as measured by clocks on the earth for this trip and compare it to the ten years recorded by the spaceship clock. Ill give you five minutes.
I heard a few groans and some mumbling. I should be entertaining them, not making them work. While the students got busy with their calculators I sat, took the CDF envelope from my briefcase, and fished out the photos. There was one of me and my sister, Colleen, on the beach last July; one of me, Olivia, Vicki, and Joey, at a playground in Fairmount Park; one of me and Vicki making hoagies at the parish fair, and lastly, the zoo picnic photominus the photo-shopped bomb.  My mother took the one at the beach and the school Principal took the parish fair photo. Both were on my hard drive. I had no idea who took the playground and zoo pictures. 
I saw the first hand go up.
 Doctor Donnelly?
Ok, I said putting the photos back in my briefcase. Hold on to your answer for a sec, Anna.  
I stood and clicked. The final slide showed the spaceship landed on earth and the occupant leaping out holding a tennis racket. He is greeted by a man with a long beard leaning on a cane. The caption under the old man read, Welcome back, dad, long time no see. About a third of the class grabbed their calculators to correct an error. 
 The trip took ten years as measured by the clocks on the space ship. Now, Anna, what did you get for the time as measured by the clocks on earth?
I got seventy-one years. That would make the son older than the father. If the son was, say, twenty at takeoff and the father forty, the father would now be fifty and the son ninety-one. Thats weird. I know thats what the math says but I dont know if I should trust it.
Well, your answer is correct.  As for trusting it, do you have a GPS navigation system in your car?
I dont have a car.
OK. Does anyone here have a car with a GPS system?
A few hands went up.
Keep those hands up. OK, we have three people here, four including me, that fully believe in the theory of relativity. That little GPS receiver on the dashboard is communicating with satellites that are whizzing around the earth. Both the satellites and the receiver in your car have internal clocks and those clocks must run at the same rate for the system to accurately locate your car. Problem one. 
I clicked and the next slide was a drawing of satellites orbiting the earth.
 Because of their speed the clocks in the satellites are running slower than the clock in the receiver, just as the special theory of relativity predicts. Problem two.
I clicked again. This slide showed the earth and two clocks; one far from the earth and the other on the earths surface.
Heres something we havent studied yet. Einsteins general theory of relativity predicts that clocks closer to a large mass, like the earth, run slower than clocks farther away. Because of this effect the clock in the receiver on the dash runs slower than the ones in the satellites. (Click. A clock with legs is running to catch up with a faster clock. A few chuckles from my audience.) When you take both effects into account the earth clocks lose 38 millionths of a second each day compared to the satellite clocks. Thats not much but if its not corrected the clocks get out of sync and the system would quickly lose the ability to pinpoint the location of your car. When the friendly voice tells you 'turn left into PACom Parking lot (Click. A car is shown headed the wrong way on a one-way street) you might find yourself headed East on the Schuylkill Expressway West. But the clocks are in sync (Click. Two clocks are holding hands and smiling). 
"You can trust the accuracy of your GPS system because the engineers who designed it believed firmly in relativity and have adjusted the clocks so that they stay together. Time is not money. Its not a thing. It can be different for different observers moving with respect to one another and if that violates common sense, then what?
Anna smiled. Chuck common sense?
Right, at least with our notions of time. Einstein said he had to abandon common sense to get anywhere with relativity theory. But.
I paused and clicked on my last slide. It was a group photograph of physicists at a conference early in the last century. Einstein was sitting dressed in a suit and tie. I aimed my laser pointer at his shoes and his bare ankles. He had forgotten to wear socks.
But, you may not want to go as far as Einstein did. I raised my voice above the laughter. I told you we were going to have fun this semester. Wait till we get to Quantum Mechanics. 
No need for a bell. The clatter of forty physics, chemistry, and math majors packing up to leave signaled the end of class and raising my voice I said, Ill see about half of you in lab this afternoon. Lab reports are due. Will somebody please wake up Mr. Ortaldo in the back row?
I let Ortaldo sleep. He loads trucks all night at the UPS depot out in West Chester. Besides he got A's on the first two quizzes. I should encourage more sleeping. 

Chapter 7- Tom's Call

Back in my office I put the cold coffee from the Pig into the microwave and settled in to mark lab reports. Graph axes reversed, I wrote with a red pencil. On another, Your conclusions are not supported by your data." And, over and over, Slope of line is the inverse of correct slope. Correct and resubmit." The same mistakes appeared again and again. My colleague, Joe Amanti, wants to streamline the grading process. He claims that about ten stickers can cover the most common errors with the addition of a smiley face for good job and a frowning face for Have you considered an alternative career? Could save a lot of time. 
My creative musings were interrupted by the beeping microwave and the first few notes of "Take Five" on my cell phone. I retrieved the coffee and answered the phone. Before going into the seminary Monsignor Tom Lacey was an Assistant DA in Philadelphia and was now legal counsel to Robert K. Reilly, Archbishop of Philadelphia. Hes also a canon lawyer, an expert on Church law. Commit a crime in Philadelphia and Tom can tell you both the maximum jail time if convicted and how long you can expect to spend in purgatory. At six-six slam-dunk Lacey is still a force on a basketball court.
Tom. Whats up? 
"Get anything from corporate headquarters lately?"
 Sitting in my briefcase. Not exactly what I expected.
Ill bet. The Archbishop got a copy Friday. I read the letter.
If thats a response to my request for an exception to remarry its a peculiar way of telling me. They ignored the petition and then threw those silly charges at me. It seems so petty. A two hundred word letter to the editor?  A few pictures of me with two women and some children?  Im not a theologian denying the divinity of Christ or questioning the infallibility of the Pope. What do you make of it, Tom?
My guess?
Yes.
You wont like it.
Try me.
They did not ignore your petition. This is their way of saying no.
Then why dont they just come out and say that?
Any number of reasons: a reluctance to air the question of priestly celibacy in public, fear of being portrayed as ogres for denying a mother to a four-year-old, fear of upsetting the Pope's invitation to Anglican priests and bishops to convert. No, youre not a rogue theologian but I think your petition scared them.
How do the charges fit into that hypothesis? I asked.
If they can persuade you to voluntarily leave the priesthood by charging you with breaking the rules and generally harassing you then they would not need to deal with your petition directly.
Encourage me to quit before being fired. Knuckle under.
Exactly.
Ecclesiastical blackmail, I added.
What do you expect? Youre dealing with the Inquisition. Fight back. Ecclesiastical blackmail can work both ways. Apply some leverage of your own.
Such as?
Such as, who interviewed you and Connie on that piece Sixty Minutes did on married Episcopal priests who converted and were now Catholic priests?
Leslie Stahl.
Maybe the CDF would be interested to know that she is thinking about a follow-up, something like Married Catholic Priests Five Years Later: How Do They Fare?'
Tom Lacey, you have a very devious mind.
I didnt get to be a successful prosecutor by being a pussy cat, Frank. Think it over. In the meantime Reilly wants to see you.
Damn.
Thats what Reilly said according to Mary Cleary, his secretary. She said that when he opened the letter he had five words for it. He said, Damn. A little later he said, Damn again. For a finale he said, Damn, Damn, Damn'. 
That doesnt sound good, I said. 
Hes mad at them.
Or me. Ive never been sure whether he likes me or not.
 He never had to deal with a married priest before, Frank. Bishops like to move us around like pawns on a chessboard every few years. Youre not portable. You have a job and income independent of the Church, a mortgage, a daughter and let's saya different perspective on the priesthood. Hes feeling his way. At least he moved you to Saint Elizabeths from that parish where Bishop Schmidt stuck you forty miles from your home."
"Schmidt really couldn't stand the fact that I was married and made things as difficult as possible for me. Reilly is a one hundred percent improvement yet he wasnt too happy when I asked him about the possibility of remarrying. I argued that I didnt make the usual promise of celibacy at my ordination since I was already married. It didnt impress him.
Well, it impresses me. How could you make a promise never to marry if you were already married?
 He read me the rules; said I was aware when I was ordained that if anything happened to Connie I could not remarry. I was now bound by the same rule of celibacy as any other priest, et cetera, et cetera. The priesthood or marriage. Romes way or the highway.
Yeah, I know, Tom said. But that was before Olivia had a little talk with him.
What do you mean?
The picnic at the seminary last month. I was standing next to him and you had your back turned and were talking to Tim Boyle. Reilly bent down and said the usual adult-to-child thingsYou must be Oliviawhere did you get those pretty sandals?  How old are you? and so on. Olivia said Im four but Ill be five soon. Then Reilly said something like, Ill bet youll get a lot of nice presents for your birthday. He wasnt prepared for her answer.
Geez, I hope she didnt ask him for a present.
In a way she did. She said, I dont want a lot of presents, just one. And, Reilly said, Well, if you close your eyes and wish real hard maybe youll get your wish. So, Olivia closed her eyes tight, straightened her arms by her side, made two fists, and said, I wish, I wish, I wish that Aunt Vicki will be my new mommy. Then she opened her eyes and said, 'That will be the bestest present of all cause my real mommy went to heaven'. 
What did he say?
He didnt say anything. I think he was a little choked up but Olivia quickly made him smile. She said she didnt have a pop-pop either and her friend Joey did. Would he be her pop-pop? He knelt down and said he would be happy to be her pop-pop and she gave him a big hug.
I missed all of that. No wonder shes been asking me when we can go see pop-pop again. I thought it was just her imagination, like the fairies under her bed.
I guess I can tell you this, too. At least Reilly didnt tell me not to. Soon after the picnic he asked me to do some research, see what I could find out about married priests whose wives had died.
And?
So far I havent been able to find any, like you that is, thirty-eight with a young child.  Most of them are older men. If they had children they were grown when the wife died. I couldnt find any with children young enough to need a mother. Your case is unique.
Unique, but apparently subject to the same rules, I said.
Just dont give up hope.
When does he want to see me?
Saturday at nine-thirty?
OK. Im good with that. Ill see you then on
"Don't hang up. Do you still get those peculiar emails, the ones with the a priest should be a good priest line?
Nothing for about a month. I reported a particularly nasty one to the police and a woman detective visited me about it just this morning."
"I may have had something to do with that. Last Friday I got a call from a friend of mine, Bernie Reed, in the police department. He said an elderly priest at St. Gabriels died from a bad fall last week and that there was an email on his laptop that could have been a threat. He asked if I knew of anyone who might want to harm the priest. I dont, but when he read me the text of the email it sounded similar to ones you had received.  I hope you dont mind.
Not at all. Looks like it speeded things up. Maybe we can clear up the mystery. So I'll see you then on"
"Don't hang up. A wardrobe tip. Wear your collar and suit. No college professor grunge. Regular shoes too, not the black Reeboks you had on the last time. He likes uniformsnaval officer blue or clerical black.
Hell be able to see his face in my shiny shoes.
Thats the spirit. Just remember the basic rules. Dont call him Your Excellency. Stick to Archbishop or simply sir. And dont try to kiss his ring. After 20 years as a naval officer and chaplain he might prefer you salute but don't do that either. Sleep well and dont let the CDF scare you. Theyve made great progress in recent years.
Oh really. Whats that?
They no longer use torture.
Very funny. Okay to hang up yet?"
"Hang  up."
I did. Things were looking up. The CDF no longer uses torture and it stopped raining.
Chapter 8- Olivia's Tea Party

After doing as Tom ordered I got back to marking lab reports and then went to check out the equipment for my two oclock lab. Two of the six groups would use the Millikan Oil Drop apparatus to measure the charge on electrons, two would use spectrometers to study the spectra of hydrogen and helium gases, and two would study cosmic rays. The oil drop apparatus was ready to go. I put a crown glass prism and hydrogen and helium discharge tubes on each of the tables with the spectrometers.The small aquariums we use for the cosmic ray experiments went on the two empty tables. Beside each I placed a felt-covered board, a small bottle of isopropyl alcohol, a digital camera, a light source, and an electromagnet. I measured the length and width of the bottom of the aquariums and called Charlie Hanson in the chemical supply room and ordered two eight- by twelve- inch slabs of dry ice that I would pick up later. I locked the cabinets, turned off the lights, and headed for The Pig. 
 At the salad bar I filled a Styrofoam take-out container to take to Olivias tea party: quinoa with raw carrot, cucumber, cherry tomatoes, celery stick, and a generous scoop of hummus. Set a good example. At my first tea party I got a decidedly cool reception from the Organic Only/Whole Foods crowd when I showed up with a burger and fries. You would think I brought a jug of Thunderbird to an AA meeting. I tossed a bag of chipsbaked not friedonto my tray, paid, and put a plastic knife and fork and a couple of napkins in the pocket of my corduroy sport coat. 

Olivia had set out napkins and paper cups on a small table. Her friends Jason and Michelle sat with us. 
Whats that?
Pickle slices.
Can I have one?
Eew! Its Sour.
Mrs. Bertino, one of the teachers, was circulating with a plastic pitcher.
Would you like some more lemonade, Doctor Donnelly? 
I didnt know your daddy was a doctor.
Hes not a real doctor, Jason. He doesnt help anybody. Hes a heretical fizz-sist.
She means theoretical physicist, Jason, I said and wondered if the CDF would prefer my description or Olivias.
Do you stick people with needles? Michelle asked.
Never.
He just scribbles on paper. Dont you Daddy?
Sometimes, sweetheart.
My daddy caught a shark.
They can eat you up.
My daddy killed it before it could eat him. He hit it on the head.
Olivia topped that with "I petted a shark at the Please Touch Museum. 
Fifteen more minutes of this talk therapy helped clear my head. We sang the clean up song and marched our paper plates and cups over to the Trash Monster and tossed them into his open mouth. We could use a Trash Monster in the faculty dining room.

On the way back from Munchkin House I stopped in the Newman Center which housed the Catholic campus ministry and went in the chapel. Occasionally I help out the chaplain, Tim Boyle, and say Mass on Catholic holy days. I could use a little help myself and this was a good place to ask for it. 
John Newman was a nineteenth century Anglican priest who converted to Catholicism and eventually was elevated to Cardinal. I felt close to him. I had no desire to be a cardinal but I did wish to remain a priest. 
I knelt at the altar and prayed. I asked God to bless my mother, Olivia, Joey and Vicki. I prayed for Connie. May her soul and all the souls of the faithful departed, through your mercy, rest in peace. I thanked God for bringing me Vicki in the midst of my sorrow. If it be your will Lord, show me the way. 
On the way out of the chapel I nodded to a student sitting in the back and stopped in the small library off the chapel to do some work.  The student followed me in.
Dr. Donnelly?
Yes.
Do you have a minute?
Sure. What can I do for you?
Im in Dr. Amantis physics class and were having a big test tomorrow.
Dr. Amanti gives challenging exams," I said. Were you soliciting divine help?
He laughed. Something like that. I need it. Im confused about kinetic energy, potential energy, work; all that stuff. I dont think I really know what energy actually is.
Ill tell you a little secret. Neither do physicists, but we know what it can do, and how to calculate it and keep track of it. Whats your name?
Kevin McCoy.
Sit down Kevin. Lets see if we can get you ready for whatever Dr Amanti throws at you tomorrow.
I took meeting up with Kevin just when he needed help as a sign that God was listening to people in that chapel. I hoped he listened to me.

Chapter 9- Martha's Visit

I picked up the cooler with the dry ice from the storeroom and put it in the lab. Martha Greenberg was waiting for me in my office.
 This is the agenda for Thursday morning's Faculty Senate meeting, she said plopping a folder onto my desk and her ample self into the chair in front of my desk. 
I hope youre as opposed to this plan to grant credit for life experiences as I am. Next thing you know well be giving credit for breathing. The other item up for debate is the proposal to close Munchkin House. Do you know what private day care could run us?
Martha was the resident atheist in the psychology department and despite our theological differences we were good friends. She was one of the few persons with whom I could seriously discuss religion. Like many atheists she was more knowledgeable about the faith than many believers. Gotta know your opponents, Frank.
After Connie died Martha was determined to fix me up with one of her graduate students, despite my collar. 
You cant be in mourning forever" she had said. "Its unnatural for a handsome red-headed Irishman your age to be alone. Surely it cant be against their silly rules to share a pizza or a movie. Celibacy is a commitment not to marry. It says nothing about being a little friendly. 
Rachel Townsend, a Clinical Psych grad student, was one of her projects that backfired. We did see a few movies and share pizzas but Rachels idea of "a little friendly" differed from mine. It was a disaster.
I like your taste in sweaters, Martha said eying the windowsill behind me. Pink becomes you.
Its Vickis. She forgot it.
Toss it to me. I cant stand seeing it rolled up in a ball like that. By the way, how are things going with you two? Any word yet from the puppet masters in Rome? she said nodding at the manila envelope with the pretty stamps on my desk.
Nothing yet. It takes a while. Were hoping for the best.
Uh huh. Why not a fait accompli while they drag their feet? Get married and let them react.
I know how theyd react. Id be excommunicated.
Black balled at the country club.
So to speak.
Join another club.
I like the one Im in. I like the membership. I like the course I play on even with all its water hazards and sand traps. I just dont like the clubs rules and regulations committee. Besides, Vicki doesnt want us to do it that way. She doesnt want to feel I had to trade the priesthood for her. I might eventually have to but I want to exhaust all other possibilities first.
Martha stood up and gave me back the sweater neatly folded. Cashmere Mist, she said.
What?
The perfume on the sweater. Its Donna Karan Cashmere Mist. Keep plugging, Frank, and youll eventually score a birdie.
I need a hole-in-oneleft handed on a par five.
Gotta go. I have a two oclock seminar on Freud.
"I thought his theories were pretty much discredited."
Martha turned at the door. "Keep it quiet, Frank. I need the job."

Chapter 10- Cosmic Rays

Ten minutes before the students arrived for lab I took the slabs of dry ice from the cooler and placed them in two shallow trays to keep them from sliding around. I saturated the felt covered boards with isopropyl alcohol and put the boards on the open tops of the tanks and sat each of the aquariums on a dry ice slab. Lastly, I positioned the light sources to direct bright beams through the aquariums. What I had were two cheap, but effective, diffusion cloud chambers. 
The earth is constantly bombarded with subatomic particles from space; mainly protons which bump into air molecules and produce showers of other particles electrons, pi-mesons, mu-mesonsa veritable zoo of particles. Collectively they are known as cosmic rays. The particles themselves cant be seen but when they pass through cooled alcohol vapor they leave trails along their paths, similar to the vapor trails left by jet airplanes in the atmosphere. Some tracks are straight. Some are jagged. Some look like the letters V or Y. When a magnetic field is brought close to the chambers the tracks formed by electrically charged particles curve.
By the time the students arrived the dry ice had cooled the alcohol vapor so that tracks were starting to form and two lab groups got busy photographing them with the digital cameras. Despite hearing about subatomic particles since elementary school this was probably the first time they had ever seen direct evidence of their existence and they were fascinated. Much of what we know about the composition of matter has been obtained by the study of tracks in cloud chambers and bubble chambers. When I see the tracks I experience something like what a paleontologist must feel when looking at fossilized dinosaur tracks in an ancient river bed. The creatures that passed tens of millions of years ago are long gone but the evidence of their passage remains and estimates of their height, weight, the fact that they traveled in groups, and even that an individual animal might have walked with a limp can be inferred from their frozen-in-time footprints. The tracks in a cloud chamber represent evidence of creatures that passed only a fraction of a second before and we can make inferences about their energies, masses, and electric charges. 
The cosmic rays were putting on quite a show, especially when I went near the cloud chambers. That was the problem.
 Dr. Donnelly, you must have a magic touch. Whenever you come near our cloud chamber we get more tracks. Look at all those suckers.
Sudden bursts of cosmic rays are not unusual. They are random events. What was unusual was that the bursts always seemed to coincide with my presence. That was not random. 
When the students left I dragged Joe Amanti out of his office to take a look. Joe is an engineer and we have been collaborating on the writing of a general physics textbook.
 I think youre hot, buddy. Do you have any of those radioactive poker chips in your pockets? 
Nothing, I said, after a completely unnecessary check. Joe was referring to plastic disks that contain small radioactive sources that we use for experiments with radioactive shielding. Theyre kept in a lead safe. I dont carry them around in my pockets. 
Have any medical tests, nuclear stress test, or anything like that where a radioactive tracer may still be in your system?
Not a thing.
Then theyre right. You have the magic touch; a cosmic green thumb.
Thanks for the technical opinion.
"You're welcome. In your Wednesday lab we'll tackle this cosmic-ray mystery. Wear the same jeans, flannel shirt, and hiking boots you have on now. Well treat it like a junior high science project. Warn your students. I may have to strip you naked.

Chapter 11- Bounce Town 

On Tuesday Joe had fun riding me about the cosmic ray experiment. Was I sure I was a priest and not a witch doctor? Did I ever try rain dancing? He had a ball. In the afternoon I put thoughts of cosmic rays, the CDF, and a nasty differential equation behind me and left early to pick up Olivia. We were invited to a birthday party.
  
Late afternoon birthday parties are fine with me. The parents of the celebrant feel obliged to feed the adults and it saves me the trouble of fixing dinner. The pizza at Bounce Town is passable but for kids parties I prefer the pizza plus salad bar at Chuck-E-Cheese's. Vicki and I were sitting on a bench in a corner while Olivia and Joey oscillated between the giant air-filled slide and the Moon Bounce. The guest of honor was their five-year- old friend, Mark. Mark looked like he wanted to skip the festivities and get to his presents which filled a big plastic tub near the door; half of them wrapped with the free paper from ToysRUs. I hoped his mother had an SUV or a truck.
 What did we get him? I said.
A Power Ranger helmet. Looks like a motorcycle helmet but more sinister. When you wear it and talk it changes your voice so that you sound like Darth Vader. And a sword that flashes and makes all kind of noise. I taped a ten-pack of batteries to the box."
I hope Marks parents can tolerate a high decibel level. 
"They asked for it. I called Betty last week and that was one of the suggestions."
 I took out my wallet. Heres my share."
Thats too much.
No its not. You had gas and the trouble. Take it. How was your day?
Easy. My students were taking the diocesan achievement tests all day. I got some writing done and, good news, a print publisher is interested in one of the mysteries I self-published on the internet; the one about the crime-solving gerbil.
Hey thats great! Im in love with a famous author."
"What are you working on now?" I asked.
"I call it The Purloined Parrot. It's about a pet parrot that's kidnapped by some sixth-grade bullies. "
"A parrot?"
"A Norwegian Blue. Monty Python? The dead parrot skit? The ex-parrot was a Norwegian Blue."
That's why it was funny," I said. "Parrots are tropical birds. They dont live in Norway."
They didsixty million years ago. They found a fossil. Nicknamed it Norwegian Blue.
Seriously?
 Yep. Im taking your advice and working some science into my stories. I want them to be educational as well as entertaining.
I had read one of her stories about a hamster and suggested that she put in some sciencey details about the animal: diet, native environment, mating habits, et cetera. 
Mating habits, Frank? How hamsters do it? she had said.
So whats the story with the parrot?
A kidnapped parrot. One that knows how to use a cell phone. You see Priscilla.
Your sixth grade sleuth character?
Right. Priscilla trained her parrot to answer her cell phone. She would put the phone in his cage and when it would ring he could peck a key to answer and would say, Shes not here. Awk. Im her pet parrot. Awk. Can I help you? Her friends would call just to hear the parrot. Anyhow, when he was parrotnapped his abductors made the mistake of leaving him alone with a cell phone and he randomly speed-dial-pecked a bunch of numbers, always repeating his message. Well one of the kids he reached recognized his voice and.
Stop. This is ridiculous. Who would go for this?
My readers. Preteens love mysteries like this. They loved fairy tales when they were younger but they didnt believeshe flicked air quotes above her head that pumpkins can turn into carriages or frogs into princes. Did you ever read Dracula?
Yes, I did.
Did you like it?
Yes.
Do you believe in vampires?
I get the point. Speaking of stories, did you get a chance to look over what I wrote about our first meeting?
Im working on it, Frank. It needs a little tweaking.
Whats wrong with it?
Well, for one thing, it sounds like the beginning of a bad private eye novel. Pink toenails peeking out of my sandals? A strap across my breasts? The gentle touch of my fingers in a handshake that gave you goose bumps?
Thats just a little poetic license. Make it interesting.
Why stop there? she said as she reached into the bottomless bag and pulled out some papers. I hope I brought it. Here it is. I think this is more what you mean. Ready?
Shoot.
"The first indicators of a change for the better that crummy afternoon were the wet pink toenails peeking out of a sandal in the half opened door of my office. She didnt wait for an invitation to come in. Vicki Meyers, she had said as she held out her hand. The gentle touch of her cool fingers gave me goose bumps.  'I need your help, she said as she sat and lit a cigarette. Someone put a bullet between my husbands eyes last night and the Philly coppers are trying to pin it on me. I could use a drink. You got any scotch in this dump you call an office?' "
Vicki squealed and clutched the paper to her breast dramatically as I reached for it.
Well, I declare, Reverend Doctor, Herr Professor Francis X. Donnelly, I do believe youre trying to take advantage of lil ol me. A man of the cloth? And in front of all these in-cent lil chilrun.
You almost had me for a minute, I said laughing. I thought you were serious.
Just tone it down a bit. Were not Bogey and Bacall, she said. Remember we met on the church steps.
And I did get goose bumps.
Thats sweet, Frank.
Its true.
You deserve a quick kiss. See anybody from the CIA around here?
Its the CDF.
Whatever.
As if to protest that show of public affection there was a scream from the Moon Bounce as two heads tried to violate a fundamental law of physics and occupy the same space at the same time. Across the room two boys on the slide were whacking each other.
Meltdown , Frank. Partys over. "

Chapter 12- How I Met Vicki

That night after I put Olivia to bed I opened MS Word and clicked on the document titled We Meet, the one Vicki said needed tweaking. The writing business started with an innocent remark I made a few months earlier. I implied, or maybe I came right out and said it, that writing stories about hamsters and turtles was a lot easier than writing scientific papers. Big mistake. 
Oh, you think so Donnelly? Show me something you wrote."
I dug out an article I had written for the American Journal of Physics. She had read a paragraph or two and offered her critique. 
 Listen to this. You wrote, When the function was integrated from zero to infinity the unexpected non-zero result of two pi was obtained. The whole article is like that. All passive voice.
In my defense I had said that was common for scientific papers. She didn't buy it.  
Well Id hardly call that writing. You did this integration, right?
Yes, an integration is a mathematical
I know what it is. I had calculus in high school. Why not write, I integrated the function from zero to infinity and, big surprise, instead of coming out zero it was two pi? Sounds better doesnt it? I mean you wouldnt write, 'The supermarket receipt was checked and the unexpected non-zero charge of five dollars for a can of peas was discovered.  Dont these journals have any editors?
That led to our contest. I try to write things like she would, as a novelist that is. She tries to put information in her juvenile fiction that will teach her readers some science.

 Last Spring, shortly after I was assigned to St. Elizabeths, I had mentioned at Mass one Sunday that I would like to get involved with some activities in the parish school. A few days later I received an email from one of the teachers. She requested some help with a science project on light for her sixth grade. We exchanged a few more emails. I volunteered to lend her some equipment and we arranged to meet.
 So, I worked on my rewrite of that first meeting.  I tweaked." The pink toenails and the strap across her breast were out. The goose bumps stayed. Bogey and Bacall were out. Frank and Vicki were in.
The Sunday after those email exchanges Olivia and I  had stood on the Church steps after Mass. 
  
My, my, now arent you a pretty little girl? the woman had said.
Yes, I am. My daddy said so.
Regrettably I did not know her nephew, Father Martin in Abington, or her cousin, a nun at St. Barnabas in West Philadelphia. 
Being so new Im afraid that I know very few people in this parish let alone the diocese. Maybe you can help me out, Mrs. Cahill.  Im supposed to meet Mrs. Meyers, the sixth grade teacher, to help her with a science lesson. Is she the woman standing with those children over by the grotto?
Oh, good heavens no, Father. Mrs. Meyers would fit three times over in that woman. But there she is heading this way with her son.  Her husband was killed in Iraq a couple years ago; one of those road bombs, I think. Poor little thing.  Her students love her. Put a school uniform on her and she could pass for one of the eighth-graders. Ill let you get on with your meeting. 
It had been almost four years since Connie was killed and I still had the irrational hope that every petite blond I saw at a distance would miraculously turn out to be her. 
Father Donnelly, Im Vicki Meyers. Its so nice to meet you. I feel I already know you from our emails, she said offering her hand.
There was a strong resemblance but she was a few inches shorter than Connie and her blond hair a few shades darker but the eyes were the same deep blue and the wire-rimmed glasses gave her the same studious look.
 Yes, I feel the same. Its nice to meet you too, I said taking the outstretched hand bent at the wrist. Her touch gave me goose bumps.
 This is, Olivia. 
She bent down and said, Well hello Olivia, and, how old are you?
Almost five years old, Olivia said while holding up five fingers. When will I be five, Daddy?
Not for quite a while, honey.
 Well then youre almost the same age as Joey. Hes almost five too. Joey, say hello to Olivia and to Father Frank.
Joey gave Olivia a mumbled hello and stuck his hand out to shake hands with me. Olivia stuck her hand out for a shake also. 
Polite little boy, I said.
Your hand is sticky, Joey said to Olivia. She looked at her palm and wiped it on her dress.
Mrs. Meyers stood. Polite but no politician.
 Let me just change out of my vestments. Dont go away. Well be right back.
Why dont you let Olivia stay with us and well meet you over at the swings in the school yard. Take your time.
I returned to the sacristy, hung my vestments in the wardrobe, grabbed my jacket, and returned to the playground where two screeching kids were swinging in sync as Victoria Meyers pushed them both. I took over pushing Olivia. One hour and a skinned knee and bruised elbow later we had exhausted the possibilities presented by the swings, sliding board, seesaw, and monkey bars. While the kids played on a mock-up of Noahs Ark I took Mrs. Meyers over to my car and raised the hatch on the Outback.  
Okay, lets get you fixed up with some equipment.
 I took one of the small lasers out of a large cardboard box. About the size of a brick it had a white metal case. An on-off switch and the power cord were at one end and a small hole for the laser beam was at the other. Ever use one of these before?
 Ive never seen one before, outside of the movies that is. Goldfinger tried to cut James Bond in half with one.
 Do you expect me to talk? I said in my best imitation of Sean Connerys Scottish brogue.   
 Laughing she countered with Goldfingers line, No Mr. Bond. I expect you to die.
Hey, pretty good. You must be a Bond fan.
Movie fan. Im studying for my masters in drama at PACom.
Perfect.  Ill tell the Dean that by lending you equipment Ill not only be helping a local school but also will be contributing to interdepartmental cooperation.
Glad to help, she said. Now, how do you turn one of these things on?
 You flip up this switch in the back and then you make sure that this little sliding thing in the front is pushed to the left so that the light can come out of this little hole. The beam is very low power and safe for the students to use but you still dont want to get the beam in an eye. Be careful of them.
Mrs. Meyers was looking puzzled and less and less like Connie. When she died Connie was completing her masters in electrical engineering. The technical befuddlement got worse.
This plug. Cant they work on batteries?  There arent any outlets near the students desks.
Youll need some extension cords. I can get you some. When are you planning on doing these experiments?
This week. Tuesday or Thursday. We have science from two to three.
Afraid they were missing something Joey and Olivia had wandered over. I lifted both of them so they could see in the box. Joey was disappointed. Olivia had told him they were ray guns. I decided to take the plunge.
I have lab on Tuesday afternoon but not Thursday. Why dont I just come down here and help you with the experiments?
 Oh, that would be so much better. I was afraid to ask if you could do that. I have a key to the school. We could put the box in my classroom.
Its easier to just leave it in my car. Ill throw in some extension cords on Thursday. It will be fun. It will be a nice change for me. Well do a few short experiments and I can also show them some amazing things you can do with a laser and maybe answer questions if we have time.
Super. Be prepared for anything if they ask questions. They are just as likely to ask if your collar itches or whether you can dunk a basketball as ask a question about science.
Im forewarned and the answer would be yes to the first question and maybe, but Im wise enough not to try, to the second. Where are you parked?
We walked. We live just two blocks up the street.
Want a ride?
Oh, thanks but its so nice out well walk and I want to stop for some milk on the way home. I think Olivia and Joey had a good time, she said.
It was fun. Well have to get together again sometimeall of us of course not just you andlike the Zoo orwell, nice meeting you, Mrs. Meyers, I said finally calling a halt to my babbling before she thought I was one of her sixth-graders. 
That would be nice, she said smiling and please call me Vicki, Father.
And Frank, I said awkwardly, and Ill be here Thursday.  
We shook hands. More goose bumps.  Joey very formally shook hands with me again. Olivia hugged Joey and gave Vicki a kiss and a hug goodbye before climbing into her car seat. I handed her a stuffed rabbit as I strapped her in.
For over an hour I had a family again if only a pseudo family. I had forgotten how pleasant it could be. The joy of watching a child at play was doubled, quadrupled, raised to the nth power when that joy was shared with someone else. 
Oh look, look, Victoria Meyers had said when Joey and Olivia were climbing the steps of the sliding board. Hes helping her climb. Isnt that sweet? It was very sweet. 
In the rear view mirror Olivia had Mr. Fluffy pressed against her cheek as she massaged his ear between her thumb and forefinger, a prelude to sleep. 
Can Joey come to our house for a play date Daddy?
Well see sweetheart.
Promise Daddy?
I promised and it was a promise I intended to keep. I ejected Miles Davis moody "Kind of Blue" from the CD player and replaced it with "Ella Fitzgerald in Berlin"; happy, bubbly, joyous Jazz. Olivia was asleep. I turned the volume down and thought of a few more science lessons that a sixth grade class might enjoyuniversity outreach. I could spare an hour a week. 

When I showed the rewrite to Vicki she had said:
Much better, Frank. Love at first sight. I like that."
"I think I knew right away. How about you?"
 "Oh, no. My first reaction was that it was a shame you were a priest."
"Oh, really?" I said laughing. "It didn't seem to inhibit you. You were the one who suggested we take the kids to the Franklin Institute the next Saturday. The attraction of forbidden fruit perhaps?"
"Nope.  Bathroom dynamics.  Joey was getting too old to slip him into the ladiy's room with me. I figured you could take care of Joey while I took care of Oliviasort of a tinkle buddy."
"Just using me, eh?" 
"That changed. When we went thought the hall with all those big machines and you explained how they worked,efficiency, work in, work out, mechanical advantageso authoritative, so sexy"
"Sexy pulley systems, yeah, that's when you knew."
"Not yet." Now she was laughing. "Not until we walked through the giant heart. I think it happened in the left ventricle." She stood and put her arms around my neck. "Tha-thump, tha-thump, tha-thump. I realized that my own heart was beating louder than the mechanical one."
"You know, the trouble with being in love with a writer," I said "is that I never know when you're serious or making something up, but I'll settle for that story if I can get a kiss."
"You're on. Now, one other thing about your rewrite. You forgot to mention my toes."
"I thought you said to axe the toes.
But I had just had a pedicure.
If I get hold of those toes youre going to need more than a pedicure.

Chapter 13- St. Gabriels Rectory

On Wednesday Joes junior high science project was a flop. No need to strip me naked. There was no increase in the number of tracks when I was near the cloud chambers. My magic touch was gone. Everything was right with the world again. The Case of the Errant Cosmic Rays was closed. On Thursday it was replaced with The Case of the Dead Father Soroka.

That mornings Martha and I attended the Faculty Senate Meeting. It was short.
 Motion to adjourn?
So move.
Do I hear a second?
A short burst of seconds.
All in favor.
An explosion of ayes trailed off to a few late responses like a bag of popcorn in a microwave. 
Munchkin House was safe for another year. My plea was unnecessary. The provosts grandson attended. Granting credit for life experiences had a mixed response. Military training made it. Veterans would no longer be required to take the one-credit physical education requirement. It would avoid embarrassing situations like the one we had last year when a former Coast Guard rescue swimmer was forced to take Beginning Swimming because the archery and tennis courses were filled. We voted down a request from a student who was fluent in Italian to use that to satisfy her foreign language requirement. I asked if she could satisfy the language requirement by taking Introductory Italian. Yes. Wasnt that the same as the Coast Guard rescue swimmer?  That triggered the motion to adjourn from a member of the foreign language department.

Angela Rossi called at noon to confirm that she made the appointment to visit St. Gabriels at two oclock. She told the pastor, Monsignor Smith, that she wanted to bring a priest/investigator to take a look at the scene of the accident.
Im an investigator?
I didnt say what you usually investigate. I thought it might sound more official.
She hinted it might help if I wore the uniform. After lunch I locked my office door, stuck my cardboard Go Away sign over its small window, and traded my khakis and denim shirt for my black suit and collar. I kept the black Reeboks on.
Her police cruiser turned out to be a white Jetta with a police radio scanner and a portable gum ball on the back seat. KYW Radios Traffic on the Twos warned us away from the jammed Schuylkill Expressway. Instead she went out City Avenue and down Sixty-third to the Cobbs Creek Parkway. The GPS plugged into the cigarette lighter routed us around an accident on Baltimore Avenue. Smart little bugger, isnt it? she said. I resisted an impulse to give her my lecture on GPS systems and relativity theory.
  When we got to St. Gabriels Detective Rossi pulled into the first driveway which led to the church parking lot. The rectory was between the church and the school. We parked in a small area behind the rectory next to a black Lexus. Not bad for a parish priest, I thought. We rang the bell under the small plaque reading Msgr. D. Gregory Smith, Pastor." Monsignor Smith greeted us warmly and invited us in. Tall and slim, he looked to be in his mid to late fifties. He wore black slacks and black penny loafers and a gray turtle neck sweater that matched the color of what little gray hair he had left. Horn-rimmed glasses magnified his dark eyes. He invited us into the small living room off the entrance hall. 
Im Frank Donnelly, Monsignor. This is Detective Angela Rossi.
We shook hands all around.
 Were you at St. Charles?
No, Im a clerical immigrant. I studied at a seminary in Massachusetts. I did not mention that it was an Episcopal seminary. 
Im sorry for your loss, Monsignor, Detective Rossi said. I still have Father Sorokas laptop and expect Ill be able to return it to you soon.
He had a sister. I havent been able to contact her yet. I suppose it should go to her with the rest of his personal possessions, which werent much; just his clothes, a small TV, his CDs, a portable stereo, and an ipod and a cell phone. His eyes were bad and he liked to download audio books to his computer and put them on the ipod. I packed everything up.  He didnt own a car. Were you able to find out anything useful from his computer? he asked Detective Rossi.
So far I found a data base containing church records, an inventory of items in the storeroom, and some eBooks. No more threatening emails though.
Church records you say?
Baptisms, marriages, deaths. Things like that. 
Monsignor Smith nodded.
She took a notebook and pen from her shoulder bag. Would you tell us how you discovered the email, please? 
Monsignor Smith shifted in his chair and cleared his throat. The grandfather clock in the entrance hall chimed once in the otherwise silent rectory. All three of us glanced at our watches. 
The first respondents to my 911 call were two uniformed officers. They arrived a few minutes before the ambulance.
Detective Rossi interrupted. What time was this?
Id say about four-fifteen.
Thank you, she said making a note of it. Go on please.
One of the officers remained in the church driveway off the street to direct the ambulance to the door in back of the church. The other officer accompanied me down to the basement. He is the one who discovered Father Sorokas laptop on a back shelf. The screen was blank but when he touched a key it came on. I guess it was sleeping. There were two windows open on the computer. One was a spread sheet. There were no entries in it. The other window was his email inbox. The subject line in one of the emails read, 'Priest should be truly priests all in capital letters. It stood out from the rest. I guess thats why he took the computer.
Yes. We want to make sure its not related to Father Sorokas accident. I know you have gone over this before but please tell us how you came to discover his body.
Sure. I was out most of the day. I left the rectory about eleven oclock to meet with some friends for lunch out in Newtown Square; Father Jim Mahon from St. Benedicts and Monsignor John Tobin, the principal at Cardinal OBrian High School.  I left the restaurant about two and stopped to visit a former parishioner in Saint Marthas nursing home in Media. I got back here about three-thirty.
And thats when you discovered him? I asked.
About a half hour later. I figured he was over in the church but started to worry when he hadnt returned. He was eighty-three, you know. In reasonably good health but a little shaky on his feet.
Detective Rossi paused to catch up on her notes and said, You say you left for the luncheon at eleven. The medical examiner put the time of death at around nine or ten oclock. Before you left that morning was there anyone here besides you and Father Soroka?
Not in the rectory, no. I think there might have been a few cars in and out of the parking lot dropping off items for the clothing drive.
 I see. Did Father Soroka have a history of falling? she asked.
He fell on the ice and broke a hip last year. He had a hip replacement. He was shoveling snow in front of the church. He wanted to help. He had a very limited ministry. I dont know if you know his past history. He
The grand jury report just about says it all, I said. 
Tragically, yes. He wasnt allowed to say Mass on Sundays, or preach, or hear confessions. He did say the six-thirty morning Mass on weekdays when no more than a handful of people would be present. Other than that he did a lot of the odd jobs that a sexton would do if the parish could afford one. He swept the church out on Monday mornings and kept the altar clean. He even cleaned the rest rooms. I think he viewed it as a kind of penance. He also took charge of ordering supplies for the churchmissals, candles, altar wine, hymnalsitems kept in the storeroom where he was found.
May we see the storeroom now Monsignor? Detective Rossi asked.
Of course.

Chapter 14- The Storeroom

The door leading to the steps down to the storeroom was in back of the main altar. The room itself was about ten feet wide by about sixteen to eighteen feet long. It was illuminated by three bare bulbs hanging from the ceiling. The stone walls were lined with wooden shelves on three sides. The shelves along a long wall were filled with old missals, hymnals, and parish bulletins that would never be looked at again. Other shelves contained boxes of altar candles, bottles of sacramental wine, votive candles, cleaning equipment, and about a centurys worth of discarded junk and dust. There was an electrical panel on the middle of the other long wall containing glass-enclosed fuses. A small box of utility candles, a candle stub stuck in a candle holder that wouldnt be out of place in a Dickens novel, and some spare fuses sat on top of the gray metal panel. A pipe about three inches in diameter ran along the full length of the wall about a foot above the floor.
I turned to Monsignor Smith. Is that a waste pipe?
No. It serves no purpose now. It was a steam pipe. The church originally had central plant heat. There was a huge coal plant about a half mile from here that produced steam and delivered it through underground pipes to houses and other buildings in this area. It folded back in the sixties. We have an oil furnace now.
 An outline of Father Sorokas body was chalked on the concrete floor. Monsignor Smith pointed to a long wooden tool box on the floor near the wall. We think he must have tripped over the tool box, fell backwards, and struck the back of his head on the pipe as he went down.
Detective Rossi took the laptop from her bag and brought up a gruesome photo of the bloody depression on the back of Father Sorokas head.
Thats consistent with the photos of the body, she said, and with pieces of wax embedded in the wound that are mentioned in the autopsy report.
I noticed the wax drippings under the electrical panel on the pipe and on the floorheavy directly under the box and tapering off on either side looking like a mathematical normal distribution. Detective Rossi knelt on one knee and scraped at the wax with a manicured fingernail.
Look at this, Fra Father Donnelly. Does that look like dried blood?
Could be, I said. Maybe thats where he hit. Could you back up to the first picture you were looking at?
What are you thinking? she asked.
Geometry, I said. Let me show you something. I got down of the floor and aligned my body with the chalked image and propped myself up on my right elbow so that the back of my head was touching the pipe.
Look at the angle made by the pipe with my shoulders. 
About sixty, seventy degrees, Monsignor Smith said.
Id say about sixty also, Angela said. And?
And if I was falling and hit my head on this pipe the depression in my skull should also be
About sixty degrees with respect to your shoulders, she said. 
I stood up and tried to brush myself off. Monsignor Smith looked baffled. I filled him in. The depression in the back of Father Sorokas skull is almost parallel to his shoulders; maybe five or ten degrees at most. Thats not consistent with the assumption about how he fell.
What if he didnt trip over the tool box? What if he was standing in the middle of the room and just fell almost straight back against the pipe? he asked. 
Not with the position in which the body was found, said Detective Rossi. He would have been lying perpendicular to the wall, not along it.
Maybe he moved after he fell, Monsignor Smith said.
Even if he wasnt dead its unlikely he was conscious after he hit the pipe, I said. The body could have been moved. Maybe someone hit him with a baseball bat or something and then tried to make it look like an accident.
Detective Rossi laughed. Whoa. Accident to murder. Thats a big leap, Father. A baseball bat wouldnt drive wax into his skull and if he was moved there should be marks on the floor.
But the floor looks like it was recently swept. Its clean except for a little dirt in the chalked outline of the body, I said. He could have been moved and then the floor swept when the killer saw the marks in the dust. 
Detective Rossi walked over to the shelves on the far wall. Look at the dust on these shelves. Looks like years of accumulation. Now this is curious. She turned to Monsignor Smith. What was on the shelves before these books?
What do you mean? he asked. 
Both Monsignor Smith and I went over to the shelf to look. Underneath the stacks of books were three larger rectangles free of dust.
There was something else on this shelf until recently, she said. Do you know what it was, Monsignor? 
Im afraid I dont. I havent been in this room for months.
She removed the books from the shelf, took a small tape measure out of her bag, and measured the size of one of the dust free areas.
I get fifteen and a half by twelve and a half, she said jotting the figures into her notebook. She started to put the books back on the shelf.
Wait a minute, I said. Let me try something. I took a file folder box labeled Marriage Records from another shelf and fitted it over one of the rectangles. It fit perfectly. Thats what was here; three letter-sized file folder boxes. Any idea what they may have contained, Monsignor?
No. Like I said I havent been in here for quite a while. Maybe boxes of junk that Father Soroka got rid of to get more space.
 Well, I dont think theres anything more we can do here, Detective Rossi said. Would it be possible to see his room, Monsignor?
Certainly. Follow me.
Wait just a minute, she said and took a small clothing whisk from her bag. What else did the thing hold? She brushed off her slacks and turned to me.
Hold up your right arm and turn around. Youre a mess. Your black suit doesnt help. There, we can go now.

Chapter 15- A Broken Candle

Detective Rossi went up the steps first. The door opened into the semi-circular space behind the altar.  Turning left she immediately bumped into a chair.
Its easier to go around this way, Monsignor Smith said as he turned right. That side is filled with items we use frequently so we dont put them in the basement.
In the dim light I could see extra red upholstered chairs, kneeling benches, a cross on a pole, a large paschal candle, and two small tables. 
Now thats a candle, Detective Rossi said, looking at the huge candle in its stand. The candle itself was about four feet long and two and a half to three inches in diameter.
A floor lamp of a candle, isnt it? Monsignor Smith said. Its a paschal candle for Easter. Father Soroka must have just got it in. Our old one was down to a small stub. They last for years.
Thats a little scary, she said pointing to a wide brass ring slipped over the candle near its base. The ring was cast to look like a crown of thorns with three thorns about an inch long sticking out of the crown. Monsignor explained what it was.
Quite symbolic, she said. Even some red wax representing blood. Very realistic. 
This ring should really be near the top of the candle not the bottom, I said. I gave it a tentative twist. It wouldnt budge.
 Oh, thats Ok. Leave it where it is. Ill get to it later, Monsignor Smith said.
I gave it a good twist and pushed it up the candle. When I removed my hand the candle collapsed, broken at the point where the ring had been holding it together. The upper portion of the candle was kept from separating from the lower piece by the wick running through its center. It dangled and swung back and forth briefly. The red wax that we thought represented blood was a little too realistic. I went to touch it.
Dont, Detective Rossi said grabbing my arm. 
Did that autopsy report mention what kind of wax was found in the wound? I asked.
It just said wax. Why?
Because the wax in the candles in the box on the electrical panel is paraffin. This candle is beeswax.
You can tell just by looking at it?
Its a matter of canon lawchurch law. The candles used on the altar must be made of beeswax. If the specks of wax in Father Sorokas wound are beeswax.
Then we may very well have a murder rather than an accident, she said, her cell phone already on her ear.
I want to get a crime scene unit out here to get a sample from the candle and the wax on the pipe and to dust the candle for prints," she said to me as she waited for an answer.
She identified herself, where she was, and what we found, paused to listen, gave me a you-dont-know-what-I have-to-put-up-with look, and rolled her eyes up to look at the angels painted on the ceiling.
Of course Im sure. No, it wouldnt be a virtual scene. She stretched the word so it came out as virt-you-all.  Now be a good sergeant and get me the CSU.
She put her thumb on the slits in the mouth piece, glanced sideways at me and then back at the ceiling. He thinks sitting at a desk all day answering the phone makes him more of a cop than me and our cyber crime team. I swear if I had to call for backup hed ask if I wanted the Geek Squad. 
 Not Geeks but two technicians were on their way. In the meantime she asked Monsignor Smith to lock the storeroom door and the church doors. He looked a bit shaken and then said, Detective Rossi, there is something I forgot to tell you in the rectory. Before I left that morning I saw an SUV pull out of the parking lot around 10:30. Maybe a parishioner making a visit to the church or dropping off items for the clothing drive.
Did you notice the make of the SUV by any chance?
It was a smaller one. I didnt notice the make. Dark gray.
And you say this was about 10:30. Are you sure of the time?
Certain. The clock chimed the half hour as I looked out the window.
She made a note of that and said, Thank you.
I asked Monsignor Smith if he could make alternate arrangements for the morning Masses and confessions and Masses on the weekend. He said there was a small chapel in the basement of the closed school that had been used for Sunday overflow back when the parish was thriving. He would arrange to open it temporarily. 
 While we waited for the crime scene unit Monsignor Smith took us to Father Sorokas room. Detective Rossi rooted through the box of Sorokas personal possessions and pulled out a cell phone. She turned it on, pushed a few keys and said, Monsignor, this is a Smart Phone and could contain some useful information. Do you mind if I take this with me? Ill return it with his computer?
No, please do. Anything that might help.
 When the investigators arrived we showed them what we had found and left.

Nice work, Sherlock, I said as we headed toward her car. We both got in and fastened our seat belts.
I should call you Sherlock. After all youre the one who noticed the problem with the wound angle and the broken candle. But that would make me Watson and Watson was a bumbling idiot.
We made a left out of the parking lot onto Chester Avenue and another left onto Sixty-fifth. I made a suggestion. Lets drop the Father and Detective appellations and just be Frank and Angela.
Good idea. So whos your prime suspect, Frank, assuming we actually do have a murder? she said heading down a cobblestone ramp back to the Cobbs Creek Parkway.
Id say pen pal. How about you?
I have four suspects. If the emails are really threats then pen pal looms large. Then there is the driver of the gray SUV. Also, Monsignor Smith, simply because he was there. He had the means and the opportunity but no motive. The fourth suspect is none of the above, say a thief caught in the act, a junkie looking for a golden chalice he could sell. Random violence. No connection to the victim. Theyre the toughest to solve.
 So, whats the next step? I asked
The next step will be up to the homicide detectives if this turns out to be murder. What Ill do is pay a visit to phurkfull and see if they can mine any more information from Sorokas laptop and cell phone.
Phurkfull?
Thats what I call it. The  Philadelphia Regional Computer Forensics Laboratory,  PHRCFL. Quite a mouthful, isnt it?
What is it?
Just what it says. A computer forensics labout in the suburbs, in Radnor.  Its a a joint partnership between the FBI and state and local law enforcement. PPD is a participating agency. Their examiners will squeeze every bit and byte of digital information out of Sorokas computer and cell phone. If a mouse tap danced on his keyboard theyll know it.
 Meantime you can keep your scientific nose to the ground and feed me anything you think is relevant. But be careful. If pen pal is involved in this were dealing with a killer and not just a crank. Question. When you were ordained a Catholic priest was it publicized?
Definitely. Connie and I were all over the news. A Catholic priest with a pregnant wife? We were even on 60 Minutes.
No kidding? 
Leslie Stahl," I said. "Why do you ask?
Was it odd that Monsignor Smith didnt know who you were?
Theres a lot of priests in this diocese. I know only a small fraction of them. 
Lots of priests but not many with a wife and child though, she said.

Chapter 16- Along the Kelly Drive

Eight-thirty Saturday morning I passed joggers and bicyclists on the wide pavement beside the river as I drove down the East River Drive headed for the archbishops center city office. Officially its the Kelly Drive, named for Jack Kelly an Olympic rower and former Philadelphia city councilman. The Chamber of Commerce does not object if tourists wish to believe it was named for his sister, Grace Kelly, Princess Grace of Monaco. To native Philadelphians the Drive will always be known as the East River Drive and decades after the name change some of the road signs still read East River Drive, as if the streets department is also reluctant to part with the name. By any name its a beautiful winding road running from PaComs neighborhood in East Falls along the Schuylkill River to the Art Museum and the Ben Franklin Parkway.
 
Im freeeeezing! Im freeeeezing!
Olivia was strapped into her car seat with a baggie of Cheerios, a sippy cup of orange juice, and Scooby Doo on the DVD player strapped to the back of the front passenger head rest. I closed the sun roof and settled for just a crack in my window.
Hows that? Better? 
Her mind had already moved on. Look at the boats, Daddy. 
Small sail boats and racing shells were already on the water. I spotted the red hull of a PaCom eight gliding in midstream, the low morning sun flashing rhythmically from the wet oars. Passing Boat House Row I made a hard left onto Pennsylvania Avenue and pulled into a parking space in front of the huge apartment complex across from the Art Museum. When dad died mom sold the house in Chestnut Hill and bought her small condo. 
The burly African American retired policeman at the security desk gave Olivia his usual greeting. Hey, stuffed Olive, how you doin today?
I am not a stuffed Olive, Mr. Johnson. Im an Oliv-eee-ah.
Oh, I beg your pardon, Miss Oliv-eee-ah.
Is my granny home?
Well, I dont know. Let me conduct an investigation. He dialed a number and mumbled a few words into the phone. Looks like she is. You can go up now. Do you know her number?
Nine-three-two.
Thats right. Now, do you know what button to push in the elevator?
You push nine, silly, she said giggling and holding up her thumb. My granny lives on the ninth floor so if you push a nine you get there. Its easy.
Thanks Henry, I said.
No problem, Reverend.
Mom made sure that everyone knew I was a priest. She was still a member of the congregation at the Episcopal Church in Chestnut Hill so people assumed she meant Episcopal priest. I tried to get her interested in going to St. Elizabeths, and she would go once in a while when I said Mass, but she preferred St. Michaels. Said it was more catholic than a Catholic church. 
With all those guitars and tambourines at St. Elizabeths I dont know if Im at Mass or a hootenanny," she had said. "And all thosewhat do they call themextraordinary ministers giving out communion. Ordinary, Id say. Why I had to take communion from a young man wearing an Eagles sweatshirt. A sweatshirt, mind you. Its just not dignified.
Mom had my sisters old Fisher-Price castle out on the living room floor and Olivia was busy unloading the little people from a shoe box. 
Frank, I thought wed go over to the park across the street a little laterabout eleven its such a nice day. Eat our lunch there. If were not here when you return come over. Ill pach an extra peanut butter and jelly for you. Just call my cell if you cant find us.
Rounding the Eakins Circle in front of the Art Museum, I headed down the Ben Franklin Parkway. I opened all the windows and the sun roof.  A few drops of a cool wind-blown mist touched my cheek as I passed the Swann fountain. I circled it three times, said a prayer to St. Anthony, patron saint of lost parking spaces, and found a metered spot a half block from the Chancery. I have adopted the position of Danish physicist Niels Bohr who kept a horseshoe nailed above his door; it may be superstitious but so what if it works.

Chapter 17- The Archbishops Office

"Frank, let me get right to why I called you here. Maybe you can explain why a priest in my diocese is standing on a beach with his arm around a very pretty woman in a bikini. 
Thats my sister, sir. The picture was taken by my mother last summer on the beach in Avalon.
We all laughed. Good start. I suspected Archbishop Reilly already knew Colleen was my sister. I knew Tom did. 
Thats zero for the CDF and one for us, Archbishop Reilly said giving a thumbs-up. Were making progress already. He put aside the playground photo. Make it two up. He passed me a third photo. How many sisters do you have?
In the photo I was dressed in my clerical suit and collar and wearing a straw hat. Vicki, in a long dress and floppy hat, was standing beside me at a long table in the schoolyard. We were making hoagies along with some of the eighth grade girls. 
That was a fundraiser last May at St. Elizabeths, sir. We called it An Old Time Picnic. Raised nine hundred dollars for the parish school.
Were three up. By the way Catholic Charities could use a little help.
I shouldnt have mentioned the money. Still trim at 62 it was easy to believe that the Archbishop spent over twenty-five years as a naval officer. His only concession to age seemed to be his wire-framed glasses and the gray in his close-cropped hair. The Archbishop and Tom and I sat in three leather easy chairs surrounding a small table in front of a stone fireplace in his office. A large crucifix hung above the mantle and below it the gas log in the fireplace battled the morning chill. I estimated the large room to be about fifteen by thirty feet. Windows overlooking the street lined the long side opposite a wall of built-in bookcases. A long rectangular conference table sat in front of the windows. Dark wood paneling covered the walls not lined with books. A large mahogany desk was in a corner of the room between the windows and the door. Its polished top contained a large blotter, and a ball point pen stuck in a base which looked like a battleship. Empty wooden in and out trays flanked the battleship. 
The wall next to the desk held a few pictures. There was  a photo of a fighter jet landing on an aircraft carrier, one of a younger Reilly in a naval uniform shaking hands with Bill Clinton, and an even younger Reilly crashing through the line in a long ago Army-Navy game; a game that would have been played just a few miles down Broad Street. On the wall on the other side of the door was a large photo of the Pope. 
Despite my shaky relationship with Reilly, I admired him. When installed as Archbishop of Philadelphia two years ago one of the first things he did was to sell the palatial residence that was the traditional home of Philadelphia Archbishops and move into an apartment in the diocesan seminary where he could occasionally be observed playing touch football or shooting hoops with the seminarians. He also sold his predecessors limo and found the driver a job in the administrative offices. Reilly preferred to drive his black Buick himself. Before he came into the office there was a file folder centered on the green blotter on his desk. The file was now open on the table in front of me.  He passed me the zoo picture, the original version with cupcakes, no bomb. 
 Same woman, no hoagies?
  Yes sir, Victoria Meyers. Thats her son, Joey. Olivia and he have become pals. 
 A little birdie told me that Olivia has also become attached to Victoria Meyers, he said. I assume that this is the woman you spoke to me about?
Yes sir. Victoria and I wish to get married.
You know if I had half the priests in this diocese that left to get married in the last twenty years I wouldnt be closing parishes for lack of priests. St.  Elizabeths needs you, Frank.
Twenty thousand, sir, Tom injected. About twenty thousand left in the past twenty yearsnationwide that is.
Too many, the Archbishop said.
That's why I hope to get permission to marry without leaving the priesthood. I was married before so it doesnt seem much different to me.. Ordained while married, married while ordainedisnt the end result the same?"
 Perhaps, but they wont see it that way. Let me tell you a little story. Once I was saying Mass on the flight deck of a carrier. I noticed one of the sailors light a cigarette, right in the middle of the consecration. So after Mass I got hold of the smoker and chewed him out: gross disrespect, for me, for those around him, for the dignity of prayer, etcetera. He took my dress-down with multiple yes sirs, sorry sirs, I'll-never-do-it-again sirs. When I finished he asked permission to ask a question. He said that before hitting the sack every night he prayed the rosary while smoking a cigarette. Was that wrong too? Was praying while smoking just as bad as smoking while praying? He said this with a straight face but I burst out laughing. The little twerp had me. It was the same thing."
"What did you tell him, Sir?" Tom asked.
"What anyone in authority would do in a situation like that. I ignored logic and told him to have his smoke while praying the rosary but keep the cigarettes in his pocket at any Mass I was saying. And that," he said, holding up the letter, "is is just what the CDF is doing with this, Frank. The Church hasnt permitted an ordained priest to marry in eight hundred years. That tells you something about your chance of success.

We were interrupted by a knock on the door and Mary Cleary, the Archbishops secretary, and secretary to three of his predecessors, came in with a coffee carafe on a small tray with mugs, cream, and sugar. 
Better warn them about this, Archbishop. Its strongthe way you like it. Caffeinated mud if you ask me. 
She placed everything on a small table near the desk. When Mary left we went over and fixed our coffees. I dumped a few tiny packets of sugar and some cream into my chipped stone mug battle ship gray with a drawing of an aircraft carrier on one sidea big change from the fine china used by the late Cardinal. The archbishop left his black. He took a tentative sip and winced. 
 At ten in the morning Mary just lets me have the coffee. After four theres always some good Irish whiskey in it. 
After a few sips of our own both Tom and I lied about how great it was to get a real cup of coffee. We all went back to our seats and Reilly took a small envelope about the size of a thank-you note from his CDF package. Frank, this is a personal note to me from Cardinal Tossi with a message that he asked me to pass on to you; a message that he calls an offer. Before I read it to you I want you to know that I will support your decision on this either way.
I swallowed hard and put my mug on the table. All right, sir.
Reilly adjusted his glasses and read. If Father Donnelly should wish to petition for voluntary laicization we would be willing to approve the petition immediately and relax some of the usual accompanying restrictions.
Is that all? I asked.
Thats it.
Theyre suggesting that I willingly resign from the priesthood? With due respect, sir, what kind of an offer is that?
Its an offer of an honorable discharge, Frank, and in their minds they are making concessions. The process usually takes years, especially for younger priests. You would be able to marry immediately. They seem to be willing to offer other concessions but the Cardinal doesnt specify what.
Sir, if I wanted to resign to get married thats what I would have asked for in the first place.
I take it you reject the offer, the Archbishop said.
Yes sir, I do.
 Good. No retreat. There is still hope for a victory. The fact that they are willing to make any concessions at all is a clue that you have them worried. Perhaps a little pressure of our own is called for, a bargaining chip so to speak.  I spent twenty-four years of my life negotiating the you-scratch-my-back-Ill-scratch-yours bureaucracy of the military. The Vatican isnt much different.
I have no bargaining chips, sir. 
Dont be so sure, Frank. At the least you pose a threat of unfavorable publicity. Heres another chip. On the Sunday after Christmas we celebrate the feast of the Holy Family; Jesus, Mary, and Joseph; mother, father, and child. Wheres the Holy Family without Mary? Where is any family without a Mary? What a wonderful thing it would be to unite two fractured families. Im going to suggest to the CDF that it is the right thing to do and, coincidently, a marvelous public relations opportunity at a time when the church is being rocked by sexual abuse scandals. Ill also remind them of the Popes message last year on Holy Family Sunday when he said, and I quote, Every child deserves both a mother and a father. He did not add, unless that child is the daughter of a priest. 
I was stunned. Had a four-year-old triggered all this?
Sir, Tom said. Its, its.
Reilly smiled and peered over his glasses at Tom. Machiavellian, Monsignor, Machiavellian; a concept well understood in the Vatican.  Lets move on.
He took a paper from the file, adjusted his glasses and said Now, this other matter about advocating the ordination of women. What have you written besides this piece in the Philadelphia Inquirer?
Nothing, sir. and I did not say I favored ordination in the editorial. I was just responding to Auxiliary Bishop Schmidts letter the week before in which he stated that the Church would never ordain women because the apostles were all men.
You said that some biblical scholars thought that Mary Magdelan might have been an apostle. That implies that the Churchs argument that it can only ordain men might be flawed. Am I right?
I was more interested in suggesting that Bishop Schmidts reasoning was flawed, I said.
You also wrote, The apostles were also married, Jewish, uneducated, and mostly fishermen. If we want to strictly follow the Bible we should only ordain male Jewish high school drop-outs that are married and have a passion for fly fishing.'"
Tom laughed. "Sort of limits the pool, doesn't it?"
I think the Archbishop smiled.
 Youre not only advocating the ordination of women but are also strongly hinting that we should allow priests to marry. Youve touched on two of the major flash points in the Vatican. 
 The Episcopal Church has been ordaining women for years and I know some of them personally. They are fine priests.
OK, but thats the business of the Episcopal Church and not us. Let me tell you another story. In my Navy days I frequently rode the back seat of fighters. There were a number of women pilots that I was more comfortable flying with than some of the male hot dogs we had.  Arrogance can be even more deadly in the cockpit than it is in the pulpit. I say this to make the point that I believe women can be just as competent as men in a traditional male role and I have backed up that belief by literally trusting them with my life. This womens ordination though is different. The Church claims the ban has biblical origins. Dont give the CDF any more ammunition with public pronouncements on the subject, Frank. Agreed?
Yes, of course sir.  
 Tom glanced at the pictures on the far wall and changed the subject. Whats it like to land on a carrier in one of those jets, sir?
Never had a problem. Closed my eyes, said a Hail Mary, and prayed the pilot wasnt doing the same. 
With that the archbishop rose and walked over to the windows and looked out without speaking. He turned back towards me and looked at his watch.
 I have Confirmations in a parish up in the Northeast and we better end this. Oh, and give Mary the date for Olivias birthday.  She invited me to her party you know. 

Tom walked me down to my car. Well, what do you think of our Archbishop now?
I couldnt believe it. I expected to be chewed out.
Reilly loves the battle. He considers the CDF to be the ecclesiastical equivalent of a congressional oversight committee.
I need all the help I can get. I definitely do not want to resign from the priesthood.
Get yourself some more bargaining chips, Frank. Make them an offer they cant refuse. By the way, do you have any idea who might be supplying information on you to the CDF?
 I wish I did. Someone is watching me closely and thats more worrisome than the letter from the CDF.
Do you think it could be Schmidt? Tom asked.
He did everything to get rid of me before Reilly was appointed but I cant see him hiding behind a bush in Fairmount Park snapping pictures of a picnic.
Tom laughed. I just had an image of him and those yes men he surrounded himself with all dressed in Cardinals red leaping out of the bushes shouting Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!'  Monty Python style." 
I laughed and opened the back door of the Outback and traded my jacket and Roman collar for a PaCom sweat shirt and a baseball cap.
Nice wheels, buddy. Like to trade it for a ten-year- old Civic?
The states a little more generous with its employees than the Archdiocese, I said. 
I lifted the rear hatch, sat, and grabbed my sneakers. Why dont you duck out and come with me?
Wish I could. What are you planning?
A quick jog along the East River Drive to clear my head before I meet up with Olivia and my mother. 
Kelly Drive, he said correcting me.
Not in my neck of the woods, I said between grunts tying my laces. Check out the gigantic overhead road sign up in my neighborhood sometime. Big arrow to the rightRidge Avenue: big arrow straight ahead Lincoln Drive: big arrow to the leftEast River Drive. Even the streets department prefers the original name. It tells you its a road running along the east side of the river and similarly the West River Drive runs along the west side. 
Martin Luther King Drive now, Tom said.
Same sentiment."
I slammed the hatch and walked around the car, settled into my seat, shut the door, turned the key, and lowered the window. Tom supported himself with his hands on the roof as he leaned forward.
Remember, Frank, bargaining chips, and dont forget the game next Friday night.
Who are we playing?
St. Monicas men club in South Philly. You might remember them from last year. They thought we were sissies for calling fouls when we werent bleeding.
Ill wear my football helmet. See you, Tom.

Chapter 18- Jogging With Vicki

My parking space in front of moms building was gone. Saint Anthony deserted me. Veteran saints can get lazy. New saints, however, are always eager to get a few more miracles under their belts to solidify their promotions and an open parking space near the Art Museum on a beautiful day could qualify as a miracle. I tried John Paul II and made a right on 27th streetnothing. A left on Swainstill nothing. A left on Pennocknot a thing. Another left back onto Pennsylvania Avenue. Two open spots, and no meters. Definitely a miracle. Thank you JP. I walked a block down to the playground. Olivia and Joey were on the swings, shouting Watch me, watch me.  Mom and Vicki were on a bench trying to have a conversation. I snuck up behind the bench and covered Vickis eyes.
Guess who?
Hmmm. Yall wouldnt be that awful Rhett Butler comin back to beg mah forgiveness, now would yall?
When Vicki turns on her Atlanta accent its like opening a tap and having molasses ooze out instead of water. Guess again, I said.
The Brad Pitt look-alike that leaves a single rose on the hood of mah cah evy mornin?
Nope.
I cant imagineunless youre that handsome Irishman that keeps pestering me.
Thats me.
Both mom and Vicki tuned back towards me.
Well I declare, Joan, it is that pesky one. A gal isnt safe anywhere.
I bent down between them and gave mom a peck on the cheek and got one in return from Vicki. 
This is a pleasant surprise, I said, looking at Vicki. How long have you been here?
About an hour. Your mother gave me a call and convinced me that sitting on a park bench was a better choice than vacuuming my apartment on such a beautiful morning. She didnt have to try hard.
Especially when I mentioned that my handsome and intelligent son would be here later. 
Mother fancied herself a match maker. 
I dont know why you two dont just get married," she recently had said. "Youre obviously crazy about each other. Two families broken by tragedy joining to form a whole again. I think God arranged for you to meet. If you explain it that way to the proper authorities Ill bet theyd wave their silly rule. Why youre an asset to the Church.
 Dont be giving him a big head, Vicki said.
Oh. he got the head long ago, Vicki, when he got both a National Merit scholarship and athletic scholarship offers to a half dozen colleges. 
I tried to switch the focus from me. Vicki went to Villanova on a track scholarship, Mom.
 Partial, said Vicki, and I can still outrun you any day.
Like to try? Up to the Falls Bridge and back? Will you be okay for about a half hour, mom?
You kids go ahead. Joey and Olivia are entertaining themselves.
Vicki stood and took a rubber band from her wrist and gathered her hair into a ponytail. She wore running shoes, jogging shorts, and a Wildcats sweatshirt faded from deep blue to a bluish gray. I helped her thread her pony tail through the opening in her matching sweat-stained VU baseball cap. 
See what I put up with mom? I said laughing. To go for a simple jog in the park I trade my jacket and collar for a pair of sneakers. Vicki prepares for a marathon.
The marathoner was standing on one leg, the ankle of the other resting on the back of the bench, while she grabbed the toe of her shoe and pulled back.
If I was running a marathon Id shed the sweatshirt and fanny pack, she said. Twisting her head toward my mother she added with a wink,he jogs I run.
And its a beautiful sight when she does; smooth, graceful, effortless. We started slowly, joining the end of a line of tourists on Segways passing Boat House Row.  The guide at the front of the line tossed names of rowing clubs over her shoulder into the gentle breeze. I caught Vespers, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia Girls before we passed them.  We ran at a leisurely pace side by side along the wide path next to the river for the first mile. 
Im going to run a little, Frank.
Just remember the storyof thetortoise and the hare, I said between breaths.
This bunny will see you later. Ill stop at that bench by the statue over there on the way back.
There was no visible change of gear, no noticeable effort, only a momentary shift in the motion of her pony tail from rhythmic swinging, to chaotic motion, and then back again to a higher frequency oscillation, and she was moving away from me, her hair waving goodbye. While I chugged steadily along she settled into the easy fast pace of the long distance runner. The path curved and she was gone. 
A mile below the bridge she was headed back towards me smiling. She looked as fresh as when she started. I was congratulating myself on my pain. No pain, no gain.
At the statue, Frank, she said as she passed.
When I got there she was doing her cool down exercises. Mine consisted of putting both hands on the back of a bench and bending over to catch my breath. A little more gain than I really wanted.
Well that was refreshing, she said. Why dont you sit while I get us some lunch? 
Vicki took some money from her fanny pack and walked over to a vendor with a blue and white push cart. We sat on the bench eating soft, salt-encrusted pretzels smeared with yellow mustard and squirting water in our mouths from a shared bottle of Aqua Fina.  Out on the river tiny white sail boats tried to keep out of the way of the racing shells that were coming and going from the boat houses. 
 Wow, she said. How many days like this does God give us in a lifetime? 
Not enough, I said.
She took a small notebook out of her fanny pack. Writing juvenile fiction started as a hobby and then expanded to selling them on the internet as publish-on-demand books. She has a writers habit of jotting down anything she thinks might be useful for a future story; the colors of the sky, grass, flowers; the sounds of  birds chirping, children playing , oars thumping, coxswains shouting; the sidewalk bicyclists, skaters, and young moms jogging behind three-wheeled strollers. Everything, including road signs, and a rough sketch of the area. I told her shed make a good cop.
It comes in handy when Im writing a story. It may be fiction but if I get the traffic on Chestnut Street going the wrong way, or have someone park on a street under a no parking this side sign, or maybe put the Art Museum on the wrong side of the river, anyone who knows Philadelphia may be turned off enough to stop reading.
Looking over her shoulder I said, You didnt put anything down about the light on the water. Look at the oars when they come out of the water; the way the light reflects and refracts.
Good idea. Wait till I jot this down. Give me a few minutes. Ive got an idea."
I watched the traffic on the river while she wrote.
"OK, I got it.  Out on the water the coxswain in the St. Joes heavy eight leaned forward, megaphone strapped to his mouth, urging his crew to reach deep for one last mighty effort. Crossing the finish line the oars tilt up, sunlight dripping from their tips, as the exhausted crew slumps, heads on their knees, and the boat glides silently. It was a few moments before anyone noticed the unnatural position of the coxswain; his left arm over the side of the boatnot sunlight but blood dripping from his finger tips. Hows that?
I like it .What are you going to call it? 
How about Murder at the Dad Vail Regatta?  Itll be the opening paragraph. Want to hear some more?
We better get back. I told mom a half hour. Its been almost an hour.
  Just a few minutes more. Its nice we dont have to worry about any old ladies from the parish snooping around here.
Or our personal paparazzi, I said.
Who?
No time like the present, I thought. I told her about the altered zoo photo, the emails, Detective Rossis concern about the connection to what might be a homicidethe whole mess.
Jeez, Frank, do you think were in danger?
Personally, I think someone is trying to scare me. I think if they really wanted to hurt me, or you, they would have done it already. Why warn me?
To toy with you. This guy, or gal, sounds like a nut. A psycho maybe. Gets his or her jollies by playing with the victim. Are you scared, Frank?
No. Are you?
Darnn right and you should be too. And all of a sudden Im cold. Hold me, Frank.
Hows that?
Better. Its so peaceful here I hate to leave. 
 Its like a nineteenth century painting, I said.
Yes. Look at that double passing the pilings under the bridge straight out of a Thomas Eakins painting.
 Not a chance, I said.
She looked up and poked her chin at me smiling. No? And why not, Mister Doctor of Philosophy?  Too high tech? Moving too fast?
Nope.
Fiberglass boat? Aluminum oars instead of wood?
Wrong again, I said enjoying the game. Ill give you one more guess.
She looked at the boat again and raised one finger. Ive got it. The boat is too colorful. Its bright red and white and Eakins boats were drab.
Sorry, miss. Your time is up. But you get a kiss anyhow.
I like this game. OK, tell me. What is it?
Describe the oarsmen.
Well, theyre wearing red sweatshirts, and, you know, its not quite proper to call them oars-men. Theyre women.
And if its a Thomas Eakins painting where are their long dresses and parasols? I asked.
Oh, thats not fair! I got a punch on the arm. Im supposed to be a feminist not you."
"We'd better get going," I said. "I have to shower and dress and get back to St. Elizabeth's for confessions at four o'clock."
"Maybe I'll come to you for confession. I'm a naughty girl, you know. Bless me, Father, for I have sinned." Then she whispered, "I'm in love with a priest. What would you give me for penance?"
"Hmm. that sounds pretty serious.  How about three Hail Marys and you spring for brunch tomorrow?"
 "That doesn't sound too bad. I was afraid you might want to spank me."
"Maybe I would but I don't want to get arrested.  Race you back to the Art Museum?"
"No contest," she said. "I'll be waiting for you at the top of the steps. We'll have a Rocky Balboa moment."

Chapter 19- Our Lady of Boathouse Row

On Sunday morning it was not the museum steps but the church steps that provided the dramatic moment. 
"Lieutenant Jim O'Brien, Father. You okay?"
"I'm fine. She got the worst of it," I said nodding toward the statue. I sat in the open back of a red and white emergency vehicle of the Philadelphia Fire Department while an EMT finished bandaging the cut on my left palm. Colored lights danced on the squad cars blocking opposite ends of Green Street while two officers directed people arriving for the ten-thirty Mass around the police barriers and toward the church's side entrance. Our Lady of Boathouse Row, as she was known to the parishioners at St. Elizabeth's, smiled down on the rowing clubs along the banks of the Schuylkill despite the bullet hole through her plastic heart.
 "It's getting ridiculous," O'Brien said. "Last week the targets were the tombstones and statues in Laurel Hill Cemetery The week before we had a stop sign down on Kelly Drive riddled with holes. Now this. Can I get some information from you?"
I stood and fished for my wallet under layers of hot vestments. O'Brien was about an inch under my six-three. Good looking guy. Black Irish, I thought. He looked cool despite the unseasonable heat.  I handed him one of my university business cards. 
 "Physics professor at Pennsylvania Commonwealth," he said fingering the card. "Are you a Jesuit? There were a few Jesuits in the science departments at St. Joe's."
"Garden variety priest. I was a physicist before I was ordained."
"Interesting. The home number is for the rectory?"
"No, I'm only here on weekends. I live near the university on Springhouse Lanetwo twenty-two."
O'Brien took out a pen and wrote on the back of the card.
"Nice neighborhood, East Falls.  I used to patrol that area out of the station on Gypsy lane. I didn't know there was a rectory on Springhouse."
"Hardly a rectory," I said smiling. "It's a small ranch. Just me and my just two of us."
O'Brien took a small notebook out of his pocket and slipped my card between its pages.
"Okay then, tell me what happened." 
"Well, I was standing on the church steps after saying the nine o'clock Mass talking to a young man who had just returned from a tour of duty in Afghanistan. I heard a shot and then the young man practically tackled me."
"You hit the ground?"
"That's how I hurt my hand."
"Just one shot?"
"I think so. It happened so fast. One shot and echoes. The fellow thought it was a rifle shot."
"Is he still here?"
"I don't see him and I wanted to thank him. Alex something. I didn't get his last name."
"Do you remember exactly where you were standing?"
"I'll show you." 
We walked across the street and up the church steps. The grotto containing the wounded statue was roped off with yellow tape. 
"I'd say about here, in front of and about two or three feet to the left of the grotto."
"Facing the statue, your back to the apartment building across the street."
""That's right."
He made a note of it and said, "So the soldier would have been facing you and the building."
"Yes."
"Did he say if he saw anything? A flash of light? Movement in a window?" 
"No."
"Was there anyone else near the statue?"
"A few people visited the grotto after Mass but they had already left. I remember one woman on the pavement at the bottom of the steps taking pictures of the church." 
O'Brien walked behind the grotto and pointed his pen at the hole in the back of the statue. "We sighted through the exit and entrance holes and think the shot came from that open window," he said pointing at the apartment building across the street. "We have some people up there now going over the place. The apartment is empty. The building superintendent said there were painters in there on Friday. They must have left the widow open. The air conditioner was running full blast." 
I turned and looked at the building adjacent to the parish school. One window on the top floor was open. I pictured the air conditioner fitted into the bricks under the window vainly pumping away, the thermodynamic equivalent of trying to cool the kitchen by leaving the refrigerator door open. 
"It's not very far" I said. "Maybe twenty-five, thirty yards?"
"About that. We dug the bullet out of the rose bed in back of the statue. Looks like a twenty-two. Ballistics will be able to tell us if it matches the twenty-two slugs found in the cemetery. Pretty flimsy," he said reaching over the tape and tapping the statue with a knuckle. "Thin skin filled with Styrofoam; little better than a cheap lawn ornament." 
"It's temporary," I said walking to the back of the statue. "The original developed a large crack last winter. It's out for repair. That exit hole is a lot bigger than the entrance hole, isn't it?"
"Usually the case. The bullet was probably tumbling when it exited."
"I was the closest one to the statue, Lieutenant. Do you think I could have been the target?"
O'Brien looked at the open window. 
"Why did that soldier think it was a rifle shot?"
"He just said it sounded like a rifle."
"I think you can rest easy, Father. Assuming a rifle at that distance, clear day, only a slight breeze, it would be an easy shot. I think the shooter hit what he was aiming at. Well, that about does it. Here's my card. If you think of anything else call me and I'll get back to you if we come up with anything. A few Hail Marys might help."
"Thank you, lieutenant."
We shook again. 

No petitions to Mary as I walked to the sacristy just a prayer that the shooter was aiming at her and not me. I shed my vestments and headed for the pre-school playroom in the church basement. 
"I made a turkey, Daddy."
"I don't think I ever saw a pink one before. It's beautiful, sweetheart. We'll hang it in the kitchen window. Ready?"
"Can we go to the zoo today with Aunt Vicki and Joey? Please, Daddy."
"We'll see sweetheart. First we have to eat lunch."
And, I mentally added, it will be a long tome before we see the zoo again.

Chapter 20- Vicki's Boson

 Throw the pebbles into the water, Joey, not at the ducks, she shouted.
We were sitting on a bench facing the Wissahickon Creek in front of the Valley Green Inn on Forbidden Drive. We had just finished a late brunch. Forbidden Drive was appropriately named as you can not drive to the Inn. You can park some distance away and walk, ride a bike, or arrive on horseback. There was a small stable next to the inn for the convenience of the equestrian crowd. The bike rack was full and three horses waited patiently at hitching posts.
I had to explain the bandaged palm to Vicki and tried to downplay the morning's event at St. Elizabeth's to "no big deal". 
"No big deal? Yesterday you told me you were receiving threatening emails and someone was snapping pictures of us at the zoo. Today someone shot at you. That is a big deal."
"Shot at a statue, not at me. Vandalism, not an attempted assassination. How was your omelet?"
"Not to change the subject, huh? The eggs were perfect, and I'm glad you let me enjoy them before telling me the latest police report.  How about your Belgian Waffles?"
  Great, I said and knowing it was your treat they tasted even better."
"My penance you mean."
"Remind me to hear more of your confessions. How did you ever find this place? Its hard to believe were in the city.
See that narrow path up there, Vicki said pointing to the ridge across the creek. Its a mountain bike trail. Before Joey was born, Joe and I used to ride the trails. Theres over fifty miles of them in the park. Every time we passed this spot he said we should come here to eat sometime. But he never got that chance.
Im sorry. I
Its OK. I can talk about it now. Soon after we were married his National Guard unit was called up.  I had just received a letter from him describing how he was helping to build a school in the village where he was stationed. It was an IED. He never even saw Joey. The village was left with a hole in the ground and the foundation for the school. Life goes on, and its a beautiful day, and I have something for you.
A drawing? I asked, looking at the pad on her lap.
 Its an illustration for a lecture of yours; the one I caught the tail end of when I stopped in to see you two weeks ago.
Refresh my memory. What was I discussing?
 The particle that the physicists in Switzerland found, the boson. Unlike many of your students, I was paying attention.
Hanging on my every word.
Evaluating your teaching.
How am I doing?
Not bad. You could write bigger on the blackboard, though, and use more visual aids. Thats what this is. Im making one for you, she said while shading in part of her drawing with a pencil.
Whats thatthing? I said pointing at the drawing.
Its supposed to be the Higgs Boson. Let me see that bandage. It's about to fall off.
I held out my hand. It looks like an amoeba with a face.
Thats the way I think of it. How do you picture it? Whats your mental image?
A particle, a blip, a small dot, a symbol on a piece of paper. Who knows?
No imagination. My boson is cuter. Has personality. Oh, look at what Joey and Olivia are doing!"
I feel for it and she ripped the bandage from my palm. 
"Ow! That hurt."
"Don't be a baby."
Does he work in McDonalds? Hes standing at a counter with a menu behind him.
I call it McDonnellys. The menu is a list of the masses of other particles. You said in your lecture that the Higgs boson gives mass to the other particles," she said while rooting in her tote bag.
Not exactly. I said that the Higgs field gives them mass. The Higgs boson is the particle associated with the field. Find the boson and you prove the existence of the field. Thats what they are doing with the Large Hadron Collider. What's that? It stings!"
Bactine spray. Anyhow, other particles come up to the counter and order a mass from Higgy. The electron asks for one, the protonyou said the proton has a mass 1836 times the mass of an electron, right?so he asks for 1836, the mu meson for 207.  See, I drew the masses like miniature burgers, sliders, lined up on a rack behind Higgy. Over here you can see the particles pick up their orders. The electronthe tiny green worm gets a tiny bagonly one burger.  The muonshes the one that looks like a purple lady bughas to drag this giant sack with 207 burgers. The poor protonthe hairy grapefruit with legs has to load his order into a shopping cart. The alpha particlethe obese four-headed blobneeds a u-haul
OK. I get it. Higgy assigns the proper mass to each particle.
More rooting in the tote.
Yes, and my version of the theory can be understood by children. You need a PhD to understand your version. 
In reality its more complicated. The particles have electric charge, and spin, and.
Higgy knows all that, Frank. He asks each particle if theyd like to add fries to their order. 
I know what youre up to. If I say you need to specify whether the charges are positive or negative youll say that Higgy always asks if they want ketchup or mustard. Whatever they need, Higgy has. Now that tickles.
Right. For the neutron with no electric charge Higgy shouts hold the onions! Dont knock it, Frank. You guys spent billions on super-colliders to find your boson. I already have mine working, albeit at minimum wage. But, hell be in the management program soon. There, finished. That looks a lot better."
I looked at the criss-crossed Spider Man bandages on my palm.
"I don't know about this, Vic"
"It's all I had in my bag. Who's going to see it anyway?" 
"I guess. What else do you have in there? A defillibrator? Oxygen tank?" I reached  for the bag. 
"Nothing doing," she said grabbing it. "You should be glad I carry a few basics for emergencies."
"I do.Thank you."
Vicki scribbled her name at the bottom of the page and tore it off the pad. 
Make a transparency on your copying machine. Now your students will have something to look at the next time you lecture on the Higgs."
 Not a bad idea, I said looking at the drawing. It really wasnt.  Thanks. It might at least hold their interest."
Vicki slid closer on the bench and I put my arm around her shoulder.
Were a good team, she said.
We are, I said.  "Now if I could only convince the Vatican to put us under contract."
"You'll think of something."
Any more suggestions for visual aids?
"I have some ideas for your sermons."
"My sermons?"
Yes. Oh, wait, she said standing up and shouting. Joey and Liv, keep away from that dog and get rid of those sticks. Now!
Vicki sat and pointed at the dog. Look at the size of that thing. Put a saddle on it and tie it to the hitching post and it could pass for a Shetland pony. Where was I? Oh, yes, sermons.  If you dont mind me saying so they could be jazzed up a bit.
"Jazzed up?"
"A big screen TV behind the pulpit would be a good start. PowerPoint slides to illustrate the sermon. That sort of thing. I saw it at my parent's church in Atlanta. I could help you with it. and Joey. Stop! We better go, Frank, before we get arrested.
The kids were back to throwing pebbles at the ducks. 

Chapter 21- Shore Memorial Hospital

Monday morning Angela Rossi called. 
"Heard you were in the middle of some excitement at St. Elizabeth's yesterday."
I told her the story.
"I don't like it. What did O'Brien think?"
"He thinks it was some kids in the neighborhood who have been shooting at monuments and road signs." 
"Did you tell him about the emails?"
"I didn't want to seem paranoid."
"Being cautious is not being paranoid. I'll tell him. Meantime I have something that might interest you, Professor."
"I thought we agreed that I'm Frank."
"Okay, Frank, I did a little research over the weekend; searched the obituary archives of local newspapers for the deaths of priests in the last year. Came up with a list of eight names and cross checked the names with a list of the priests named in the Grand Jury Report. Got a hit with a Father Anthony Cinelli. The obit was in the Camden Courier Post last July. He died at Shore Memorial Hospital in Somers Point, New Jersey. He was retired and lived with his sister across the bay in Ocean City.
Finding a priest on the Grand Jury list that died doesnt seem very unusual, I said. Most were elderly."
 I agree, but theres more. I called the hospital and talked to a nurse who was on duty at the time of Cinellis death. I identified myself and told her I was investigating the possible homicide of another priest and was looking for information that could help. I asked her outright if there was anything about the death that might be considered unusual. She wouldnt tell me anything about the medical details but did say that a priest who was visiting him left just when the code blue was called. She thought it strange that the priest did not stay to offer some prayers or at least to learn the outcome of their efforts to revive Father Cinelli.
That is strange. Ive been present at a bedside when a code was called. You step aside and let the medical team do its job. If the patient dies you administer the last rites, if that hasnt already been done, and offer prayers for the repose of the soul. I cant imagine a priest leaving.
Neither can I. Im going to take a ride down to the hospital today, flash a badge, and see if I can find out anything more. I also called the sister and she agreed to talk to me.  I could use your sleuthing ability again.
I cant possibly get away today, Angela.
No, no. I dont want you to go with me. I want you to see if you can find any connection between Soroka and Cinelli. They were both in their eighties. Did they know each other? Were they in the seminary together? Did their lives intersect at any point?
The archdiocese must have records on them. I have a friend at the chancery who may help, a former assistant DA.
Who?
Monsignor Tom Lacey.
Slam-dunk Lacey?
You know him?
No, but hes a legend in the department. He was a big factor in putting away the Philly Mob.
Ill give him a call. Good luck at the shore.
 Thanks. One more thing. I could take a look at your computer tomorrow morning. When do you come in?
 Ill get there about seven-thirty to drop my daughter off at day care.  How about eight?
"Eight it is." 
"Also, Angela, there's supposed to be a ballistics report on the bullet they recovered at St. Elizabeth's. Any chance you could get hold of that?"
"Sounds like you're conducting your own investigation, Frank."
"Just curious."
"Uh, huh. I'll see what I can do."

Chapter 22- Joes Analysis 

When I hung up I checked my new emails, deleting most, marking some as spam, and saving the important ones. The most interesting one was sent early that morning from a parishioner at St. Elizabeth's; apparently the woman I had seen taking pictures of the church.  She said I might lbe interested in a souvenir of Sunday's shootout. Attached was a short video. I was very interested. I ran it again and again.

"Playing video games again, Frank."
Joe Amanti's two hundred-fifty pound bulk filled my doorway
"Not a game, Joe. Did you hear about the excitement at St. Elizabeth's yesterday?"
"Peg said there was something on TV about defacing a statue. What happened?"
"Come on in and I'll show you. One of my parishioners sent me a video clip. Pull that chair over."
I turned the computer monitor so that Joe could see the screen and clicked on the attachment to the email." 
"Looks like the front of the church."
"It is. The woman was standing at the bottom of the church steps and took this with her cell phone camera."
As the camera panned left the grotto came into view.
"Is that you on the steps?"
"Me and a young man I was talking to. Here it comes. Listen."
"Holy smoke. Shots?"
The picture jiggled before the screen went blank.
"Only one shot, I think, and echoes, and that sharp sound like the crack of a whip that you hear right before the bang."
I ran it again
"Rifle shot," Joe said. "The whip-like sound is a sonic boom from a bullet travelling faster than sound."
"The policeman on the scene thought the shot came from an open window in an apartment building across the street; kids with a twenty-two."
 I ran it again.
"Crack, bang, and then echoes," Joe said. "How far to the window?"
"Maybe thirty, forty yards."
"I don't think so," he said. "I'll be right back."
A minute later Joe brought in a small oscilloscope from his electronics lab and put it on my desk.
"Stick this mike near your computer's speaker. I want to look at the waveforms of the sound on that video. Where's your outlet?"
"Under the windowsill behind me. Pass me the plug."
"Ok," Joe said. "Let me adjust a few things here. Run the video."
A few blips appeared on the 'scope's screen. 
"Lower the sweep speed a bit," I said and ran it again.
"Looks good," Joe said. "Now, one more time for the money and I'll capture the screen image. Perfect. The narrow spike in amplitude on the right of the screen is from the sonic boom as the bullet passed near the camera. The broader pulse behind it is the actual sound of the shot, followed by pulses of decreasing amplitude caused by the echoes andIf I count the divisions along the horizontal time axis between the crack and the shot I get just about450 milliseconds. So, when the bullet whizzed past trailing the shock wave that produced the crack the slower moving sound made by the explosion in the gun barrel took another 450 milliseconds or almost an extra half second to reach the cell phone.  With sound travelling at 1100 feet per second that puts the sound pulse about 500 feet behind the bullet, almost 200 yards."
"And the gun even further back than that," I said. "Definitely not just across the street."
I took a picture of the oscilloscope screen with my cell phone."Not good news. I could have been the target and the shooter missed."
"It's a possibility, pal, but look, given a good rifle with a scope and solid support, a decent marksman could drill that statue at 200 yards. I think even I could do it."
Joe turned off the scope, pulled the plug, and wheeled the cart toward the door.
 "All that trouble just for some mischief?" I said.
"Yeah, doesn't sound like kids with a twenty-two, does it? Send that picture to the police. I'll bet they can identify the bullet from from those waveforms. They're like fingerprints."
"Yeah, I will. Thanks, Joe."
And I wouldafter I checked something else. 

Chapter 23- Jesus in My Pocket

That afternoon in lab my green thumb was back. The students were getting a kick out of it. I was beginning to feel that maybe Joe was right and I was a witch doctor. When the lab was over Joe and I went into the adjacent storeroom and pulled a Geiger counter off a shelf. While Joe took a background count I emptied everything from my pockets and laid it all out on a table. We took a count of each individual item: my keys, handkerchief, wallet, a ball point pen, a small daily calendar, thirty-seven cents in change, a metal case for communion wafers, a small Swiss army knife, and a pack of Lance peanut butter crackers. Nada. Nothing with anything above a background count. Ditto for my belt buckle, clothing and shoes. Whatever was the cause of the unusual cosmic ray activity I was not the source of any stray radioactivity.

Before  heading for Munchkin House I took the range finder my mother gave me for my birthday from my golf bag and dropped it in my briefcase. In the physics storeroom I took the laser pointer from my pocket and found a two-foot piece of glass tubing in which the laser fit snugly. If that bullet that hit the statue of Mary did not come from the window across the street as Joe's analysis indicated, then maybe I could tell O'Brien exactly where it did come from.

On the way home Olivia and I stopped at Clara Murphys apartment. Clara is an eighty-year-old in a wheel chair and cant get to church so I bring her Holy Communion on Monday afternoons. Whether its the Eucharist or Olivia our visit is probably a high point in Claras week. She had lemonade and cookies ready for us.
And how was your day at Munchkin House sweetheart?
It was fun. I made you a pumpkin. Here.
Its a beautiful one, Olivia. Did you do this all by yourself?
I cut it out with scissors. Miss Julia said Im an excellent cutter.
I can see that. Put it right over there by the TV so I can see it all the time. What else did you do?
Jason is in trouble again for pushing and hitting Megan, and Clarence said that Jesus would punish him because Jesus was everywhere and could see Jason. And then I said, no hes not everywhere; hes in my daddys pocket. Isnt that right, Daddy?
Youre right honey, and Clarence is right too. 
I reached into the inside pocket of my sport coat and took out the small metal case with the flat wafer I had consecrated the day before at Mass.  I knelt on one knee in front of Claras wheelchair and held the host in front of her.
Clara, this is the body. I stopped. My hand shook as I mentally added a few words to what Olivia had just said. Jesus is in my daddys pocketbut only on Mondays and not on Wednesdays.  Only on Mondays when I got the strange cosmic ray behavior in my lab. Not on Wednesday when things were normal.
Clara looked at me. Are you OK, Father Frank?
Yes, Im fine, just a thought. Then I repeated those words that I have said thousands of times; so often that it has become routine. This time my voice trembled as I said them. Clara, this is the body of Christ.
Amen, she said as I put the host in her palm. 
Clara, as did I, believed those words to be literally true, that she received the body of Christ; not symbolically but really and truly the body of Christ. I thought of the words of the Nicene Creed repeated at every Mass: 
We believe in one God, the Father, the Almighty, maker of heaven and earth. Of all that is, seen and unseen.
All that is, seen and unseen. What would be a few extra cosmic rays to the creator of everything?  An interesting speculation but pretty poor science. The lab was scheduled again for Wednesday. I needed to tighten controls.

When we left Clara's apartment it was just beginning to get dark. I turned left on Henry Avenue toward St. Elizabeth's instead of right to go home. 
"Daddee, you're going the wrong way again," Olivia said in sing-song mode.
"We're just going to stop at the church for a minute. We'll go home soon."
I pulled up to the curb in front of the grotto and got the laser pointer, glass tube, and range finder from the back seat.
"Daddy will be right back, sweetheart."
"Can't I come?"
"If you want. You can be my assistant."
"Oh, goody."
The Yellow police tape around the grotto had fallen to the ground. I turned on the laser and pushed it into one end of the tube, stepped over the tape, slipped the tube though the large exit hole in the statue, and threaded it through the smaller entrance hole. Because of the size of the exit hole there was a little play in the position of my end of the tube.
"Now, I need my assistant to hold this end of the tube, that's it, and just wiggle it up and down a little."
"Like this?"
"Yes. Not so fast, though, real slow. That's it. Now stop. Good."
 The bright red dot was under the window on the top floor of the building across the street; the window O'Brien thought the shot came from.
"Now push the tube down very slowly, Olivia. That's good, stop."
 The red spot had moved up the building and cleared the roof.
"Now wiggle it just a tiny bit side to side like this."
 It took a few moments to find the vibrating spot on the distant building.
"Ok stop wiggling, hon."
The diameter of the red circle had expanded a bit but was still bright enough to be seen just under the roof on the white bricks of an old office building about two city blocks distant.
"You are an excellent assistant, just excellent," I said as I zeroed in the range finder on a flag pole at the top of the building, the pole still glowing from the setting sun. Two-hundred and twenty yards. Nice one, Joe
"OK, junior scientist, mission accomplished. Is anyone hungry around here?"
"I am."
"Well, I think someone here deserves a Happy Meal."
"Me, me!" she shouted raising her hand and jumping up and down.

Chapter 24- Email Resurrection

Angela Rossi showed up at eight-fifteen the next morning. We exchanged information. I told her what Joe and I had discovered about the shot and my laser experiment the night before. 
"Add that to your email threats, Frank, and you have a right to be concerned. Send me that video and I'll pass everything on to O'Brien. Don't be surprised if he's not happy about you conducting your own investigation but at least it should prompt him to check out that office building." 
She reached into her bag. "Here's a copy of the ballistic report. The bullet was a .223 Remington. There's also some technical info about it's muzzle velocity."
"Great. This should help. How was your trip yesterday?"
Well, at the hospital I got a description of the priest that visited Cinelli right before he died, she said taking a notebook from her bag. Tall, slim, six feet or more, gray hair, older.
Anything suspicious about the death?
Initially there was. They found a syringe on the floor next to Cinellis bed. It was a type not commonly used by the hospital. There was no autopsy but they did do a blood test. Nothing unusual, and the syringe was found to contain a small amount of a saline solution. Harmless. He died of cardiac arrest. It was not a surprise. He was in bad shape.
What about the sister? 
Nothing very interesting. He lived with her for the past three years in Ocean City.. On nice days he would go up the boardwalk and sit on a bench for hours. I asked about a computer. She said he never owned one.
No priest-should-be-truly-priest connection, I said.
No. Pretty much a dead end.
I want to do a few things in my lab before class. Is there anything you need here before I go?
I think Im all set. I arranged for temporary administrative access to the system with the university's head of Information Technology. I promised only to look at your emails. Two things, though, before you leave.
Shoot.
 How long have you been at PaCom?
This is my fifth year.
So we have potentially four full years of email traffic. AndI need a signature, she said pulling a sheet of paper from her bag. This is a form giving me permission to snoop on your computer. 
She wrote a few lines on the paper.
 You have to sign. Im restricting my access to emails only. No Internet history or anything like that.
OK, I said and signed. Ill leave you to your work. Theres water in the fridge and snacks in the bottom desk drawer. Help yourself.
Wait, Frank, your New Mail icon is blinking. Want me to see what it is before you go?
Yes, please.
Well, well, well, she said. Look at the subject space. 
It read: PRIESTS SHOULD BE TRULY PRIESTS
Respond to it. Quick! I said.
"Who are you?" she typed and sent it.
No response Frank. Wait. Here it comes.
"Quisnam es vos?"
What is that, Spanish, Portuguese?"
Latin. It translates to, 'Who are you?' Let me sit there.
I typed: "Frank Donnelly. Et Quisnam es vos?"
We waited.
Looks like hes not there, Frank.
And then, "Dico mihi "M".
He said, Call me M.  I have an idea. 
I typed: "Introibo ad altare Dei" and sent it.
That's the priests opening prayer in a traditional Latin Mass, I will go unto the altar of God. I want to see if he knows the proper response. Come on, come on, surprise me. OK. Here we go.
"Very clever, Father. Am I priest or perhaps a former altar boy? Ab homine iniquo et doloso erue me. How's that?"
Keep me informed, Frank. Did he give the proper response?"
No, but it's just as good. The Latin translates to, deliver me from the unjust and deceitful man. Its another line from the Mass.
We waited. There was nothing else.
Pen pal just made his first mistake, Frank.  Now we know something about him. He could be a priest or a former altar boy."
Or a classical scholar," I said. "Or a Latin teacher, or a seminarian, but it certainly narrows the field. I need to get to class. Ill be back about 10:30.

Chapter 25- EEQMC2

I forgot to give you my password, I said when I returned after class.
She flipped a few pages in her notebook, held her hand over the bottom half of a page, and showed me what she had written.
Am I right?
She had written, EEQMC2. 
Yes, I said, surprised that she had it.
She moved her hand and uncovered the rest of the page.
Meaning this, she said Einsteins famous equation, E=MC2?
Right again, I said but how did you
I had it with me when I came in. I guessed it over the weekend. I tried combinations that would be meaningful to youyour birth date, address, et cetera, even the name of your pet dog.
Daisey, I said. Where did you find that?
Same place I found your password; your web site. 
She typed briefly on her laptop sand came up with my web site and clicked on my bio.
 Heres the picture of you with the dog standing next to your car. The caption mentions her name. German Shepherd?
Yes. Its my mothers dog. When she moved into a condo Daisey moved in with us. She's great with kids and a good watch dog too."
 Anyhow, the back of your car with Pennsylvania tag EEQMC2 is clearly visible in the photo. I went to the PaCom web site and logged on using your email address as ID and EEQMC2 as the password. It worked. Very appropriate combination for a physicist but not very secure, especially since its also your license plate. Hackers know its a favorite and it probably took no longer for your pen pal to guess it than it took me. By the way, did you set up that new account I suggested?
 Yes, a hotmail account for family and friends.
Good. Leave your university password as is. We dont want pen pal to know you suspect a leak.
OK, I said. Did you find out anything about the emails?
Quite a bit. Did you know that you had six hundred plus unread emails?
What?
Apparently this is what happened. Almost four years ago your original email address was changed from fdonnelly2@pacom.edu to fdonnelly@pacom.edu. The numeral two was dropped when the owner of the original fdonnelly handle, Fiona Donnelly, retired from the faculty.
I had forgotten about that.
Well you continued to receive emails at the fdonnelly2 address. It was never closed. You would be unaware of their existence unless you logged on under the old name; which evidently you never did.
But I had sent out email notices to everyone informing them of the change of address.
To everyone on your contact list, but your pen pal never got the notice and kept sending emails to the old address for a while until he figured out what happened. Of course, the spam also kept pouring in to the old address.
Usually when I received one of the priest emails I replied with who are you. Any address that I send an email to is automatically added to my contact list. If I received any emails from pen pal before the address change he would have been on that list and received the notice of the change.
He would have been on the list but I doubt he read your notice. Look at this list I made of the thirteen emails with the PRIESTS SHOULD BE TRULY PRIESTS subject line. I traced the locations they were sent from. 
I looked at the list. The locations were mainly libraries and senior centers in Philadelphia, the surrounding suburbs, and South Jersey. There was one from the airport and one from somewhere on campus. Also, all the email addresses were different.
 I may have more than one pen pal.
I dont think so, she said. Ive run into this before. Its a way to avoid being traced. Go into a library, a senior centerincidentally, we now know that pen pal is a senior citizen or can pass for one or any place where there are computers for public use and set up an email account with yahoo or hotmail or any of a dozen other providers of free accounts. Send your message and walk out. No credit card number, no billing address, a phony name and birth date. I can trace the location but not the sender. Pen pal probably used an email account once and then abandoned it. Thats why he never got your notice of an address change. Check the dates of the emails on that list. I am interested in whether any of the dates precede your wifes death.
I checked the list. The dates were clustered in two groups; one almost four years ago, the other about two years ago. I took a pen and circled one of the emails.
This earliest one is dated five days after Connies death, I said.
So none before, she said as she scrolled down a list on my computer. The earliest date on any of these unread emails is for some spam the day that the account was switched. And that islets seeabout two weeks before your wifes death, which means there were no pen pal emails before your wife was killed.
Which rules out the emails being intended as a threat to Connie, I said. Thank God.
Theres a similarity here to the Soroka email, she said. What appears to be a threat arrives soon after the death and not before. An after-the-fact warning wouldnt make any sense. What do you want to do with these unread emails in your old account? Theyre mostly spam and university memos.
Just leave them, I guess. Ill root through them to see if there is anything important when I have time. Thanks for doing this, Angela. Anything more on the Soroka case yet?
Theyll compare the blood sample from the candle to see if it came from him and analyze the wax samples. Also, the CSIs found a hair embedded in the candle. That will be checked also. They found a few smudged prints on the candle but nothing where it would have been held if swung like a club. It was wiped or whoever handled it wore gloves.
How about the FBI cyber forensic lab?
Im taking the computer and cell phone out there this afternoon. Ill give you a buzz when I know something definite. Meantime Im outta here. 

Angela Rossi wasnt gone a minute before Martha was at my door. 
You know, Frank, for a minister of the gospel there seems to be an unusual number of good looking women in and out of your office; all those coeds who just cant solve a problem without your help, and Vicki of course.
 Shes a cop, Martha. Philadelphia Police. It wasnt a social call. I have a problem with thefts of my email. Shes trying to trace the culprit.
 Any luck?
Not yet. What do you have?
Heres the minutes of the Senate meeting. Do me a favor and look them over before I copy them and send them out. Wasnt that a hoot about the foreign language thing? Wed make Freud take Psych 101.
Or Einstein take introductory physics, I said
Ill get these back to you tomorrow.

After lunch I called Tim Boyle in the Newman Center.  On Wednesdays he celebrates Mass at noon in the chapel. Occasionally I give him a break. I volunteered to say Mass the following day. Go over to Juniata Park and play nine holes, Tim. He jumped at my offer.
 I also looked at the ballistic report Angela had given me. The manufacturer listed the muzzle velocity of a .223 Remington. as 3240 feet per second dropping to 1300 feet per second at 500 yards. So, at 220 yards it would clearly be above the 1100 ft/sec speed of sound and trailing a shock wave to produce a mini sonic boom. I emailed what I had to Angela and added:
> When you talk to O'Brien see if you can find a diplomatic way of telling him he was wrong about the shot. It did not come from some kids across the street with a twenty-two.
Frank 

I had the satisfaction of completing one portion of a jigsaw puzzle but I wasn't happy about the picture that was emerging.

Chapter 26- More Cosmic Rays 

More students than I expected showed up for the Mass, Wednesday, probably because of mid-terms. After Mass I stopped in the faculty dining room, ordered a salad and a turkey sandwich, and suffered through twenty minutes of conversation about the economy at a table with faculty from the business school. I tried to steer things toward a more interesting subject by asking if anyone had ever petted a shark. That triggered a dissertation on the investment opportunities in fish farming. In desperation I tried Hey, how about those Eagles on Sunday? I got some relief with that.
Walking back to my office I put my hand over the case in my breast pocket containing the host I had just consecrated at Mass. I felt uneasy about planning to experiment on it but I had to know. My plan was to conduct a preliminary investigation before the students arrived in lab and then to elicit Joe Amantis help with a few experiments later. The lab was scheduled from two oclock until three-fifty. I asked Joe if he could be available to help me with something at four oclock if I needed him. He was good until five. At one-thirty I set up the aquariums and then went back to my office for ten minutes to give the dry ice a chance to cool the alcohol vapor. When I went back to the lab I could see from the doorway that tracks were already forming. I patted the case in my pocket, took a deep breath, and slowly walked over to one of the aquariums. Nothing unusual as I approached. It is common to describe cosmic ray activity as a cosmic ray shower." When I was right next to the aquarium that is exactly what I saw, a shower, and not the noreaster I had seen on Monday. Moving to the other aquarium I got the same resultnothing out of the ordinary. Good. Whatever was going on Monday, the consecrated host had nothing to do with it.
I returned to my office, relieved that cosmic rays were behaving as they should. I straightened up my desk and lobbed Olivias empty morning juice box into the waste basket under some framed mementos: a diploma from Kenyon College, two from MIT, and two photos. In one I was shaking hands with John Paul II and in another I was dunking the ball in a high school basketball game. The two are separated by seven years and a miracle. In the first I was a sickly ten-year-old with no hair undergoing chemotherapy. In the second I was a healthy teenager free of any cancer. Supernatural intervention or medical cure?  I dont know. I do know I made a bargain with God; cure me and I would become a priest. God kept his side of the bargain and I kept mineso far anyhow. I looked at the picture of John Paul. He didnt just shake my hand that day. He asked my name, what my illness was, and put his hands on my head. He told me he would pray for me and then said words that he had repeated often to millions around the world, especially when he addressed young people. He said, Be not afraid. I sat and picked up a pencil from my desk and waggled it at the picture.
Im trying JP. Im trying, but I could use a little more help.

Talking to yourself again, Frank?
Joe Amanti filled my doorway. Im a very good listener, Joe, and I usually agree with the speaker.
Whats this four oclock thing? he asked.
I told him what I had planned and then left him off the hook. False alarm, Joe. I thought I still had the cosmic ray problem.
 Well if you need me, Ill be here until five.
I went to lab. A half hour later I called Joe on my cell phone. Joe, turns out I could use your help if you can spare about half an hour at four.
You doing the rain dance again?
Im afraid so.
Ill bring a Geiger counter from the store room, he said.
 Good.

By four oclock all of the students were gone from the lab. Joe came in with a small Geiger counter. He put it on a lab bench along the wall, plugged it in, and turned it on. 
Im setting the timer for a five-minute background count," he said. 
He threw the start toggle and walked over to where I was sitting. 
So, what are we up to here, Frank?
Sit down, Joe. I want to show you something. I took the small case from my pocket and laid it on the table. Do you know what this is? 
Looks like a womans compact; a small one. My wife has something similar only a bit larger. It has a small powder puff and a mirror inside.
Does it have a cross engraved on the top like this one?
Compact for a stylish nun? he quipped.
I opened the case and pushed it closer to Joe so he could see the host inside. Its used for carrying Holy Communion to patients in a hospital, or nursing home, or to shut-ins. I had this in my pocket last Monday and Monday a week ago.
The two days you saw increased cosmic ray activity, Joe said.
Right, but not last Wednesday when the activity was normal.
So, you suspect that the host or the case or both is responsible.
It's got to be. Let's get to work," I said and opened a spreadsheet on my laptop to enter data.
A half hour later we had exhausted every possibility. Nothing we tested produced a count significantly different from a background count; not the host, not the case, not anything on me or anything in the vicinity of the aquariums.
 Can you think of anything else, Frank?
I could not and must have looked upset.
Are you OK, buddy?
Im OK. I just dont like this. Your witch doctor joke doesnt seem so funny anymore.
Look, Frank. There has to be a rational explanation for this. Maybe its the Geiger counter."
"We can check that easy enough."
I went into the storeroom next to the lab and took a radioactive disk out of the small lead safe and brought it back to the lab.
"Flip the switch," I said while I held the disk under the Geiger tube. There was an immediate response from the counter.
'There's our answer," I said. "It's not the equipment."
"Why don't we take another shot at it with a scintillation counter?" Joe said.
"No, that's enough. We're beating a dead horse. I don't get it. We can see the tracks from the increased activity in the cloud chambers when I bring the host near. We can photograph them. We're not imagining the thing.  So why aren't the particles causing the tracks also triggering the Geiger counter?" 
Like I said, Frank, there has to be a rational explanation.. We just havent hit on it yet. Lets sleep on it.
Yeah, well come up with something. Thanks for your help, Joe. You go. Ill close up shop and pick up Olivia.
Our observations clearly indicated that the increased cosmic ray activity was associated with the consecrated host. But why didnt I get that result earlier in the afternoon? I did think of one more test. I opened the case and took out the host, walked over and stood near a cloud chamber. No increase in tracks. Same result at the other chamber. Now what? The consecrated host had no effect. 

Chapter 27- Its Murder Now

Tom Lacey called me that night. Frank, heres what Ive found so far. Soroka and Cinelli were stationed at the same parish together in the late sixties Good Shepherd in North Philly. Soroka came to the parish in 66; Cinelli in 67. In February 69 both were transferred; Soroka to a parish in Bucks County after spending three months at a retreat house. Cinelli was made chaplain of a retirement home for priests in Darby.
They didnt last long at Good Shepherd, I said.
No. The usual assignment to a parish is for five years and routine reassignments typically occur in the summer, not in the middle of winter. They were transferred for a reason. There was a credible accusation of sexual abuse brought against Cinelli by a John Toner who was an altar boy at the time. Toner was questioned by the Grand Jury. I got his phone number from the DAs office. He was reluctant to say much about it. He did say that there was a least one other boy involved. Toner was in the eighth grade at the time and graduated in June of 68. He thinks the other boy was in the sixth or seventh. No full name, just a nickname, Mickey or something like that.
What about the pastor at the time?
No help there. Long deceased, and, most of the parish records were destroyed when a water main burst in 2001 and flooded the church basement. 
Okay, Tom, thanks. Ill pass this on to Detective Rossi. She may want to talk to you. She tells me youre a legend in the police department for putting away some of the mob.
I played a small part in that, yes. Some of the guys I put away are getting out soon.
Worried?
Not really. They were gangsters but not crazies. In fact I became friends with one of them, a guy by the name of Fatty Mullica. I visit him occasionally at Graterford. Darn good chess player. He's had plenty of time to practice.
They all had nicknames, didnt they?
Oh yeah. Benny the Rat, Joey Chicken Wings, Cheesecake Anthony. They were some bunch. I think the local media is mad at me for removing their source of colorful mob stories. I have a few myself. Remind me to tell you about the softball game between the mob and the cops sometime.
Cant wait. Thanks again.  

I did pass the information to Angela. She wasted no time in adding to it. I got a call from her the following afternoon. 
Frank, the blood on the candle matched Sorokas and they got a positive match on the hair also. The wax in the wound was 55% beeswax; same as the candle. No bees wax in the sample from the pipe. All paraffin. We now have a murder investigation. Nice going.  Two homicide detectives were assigned to it. I met with them yesterday and gave them everything that Ive found concerning the emails and the possible connection with Cinellis death. Im to work with them on the information technology aspects of the case.  I interpret that broadly so I went up to Good Shepherd this morning to see if I could find some information. Most of the parish records from the sixties were destroyed by water in the church basement but not the records for the altar boys. They were supervised by the nuns and the records of their assignments were kept in the school. Father Gonzalez, the pastor, showed me where they were and I rooted around in the filing cabinets but not for long. I found the files in about five minutes. Those nuns were incredibly organized.
Find anything interesting? I asked.
Yes. John Toners name appears on the Mass assignment lists in 66, 67, and 68. I assume that he was in the sixth, seventh, and eighth grades those years. I searched the names in those years for ones that would fit the Mickey nick name. There was a Michael J. Eddy in the records for 68, 69, and 70. Assuming that in those three years he was in the sixth, seventh, and eighth grades it puts Eddy two years behind Toner and makes him a possible fit for 'Mickey'.
Now you need to track down Eddy.
If hes still in the area it shouldnt be too hard. It's not a common name. You can help. Most of the boys graduating from Good Shepherd at that time would have gone to high school at Northwest Catholic in Roxborough. The school was closed ten years ago but there may still be an alumni association with records. Could you check it out?
Sure.
There is something else. The forensic lab scrubbed Sorokas hard drive and came up with good stuff.  They discovered some interesting accounting methods in St. Gabriels financial records. Looks like Father Soroka was embezzling money from the Sunday collections. Also, the threatening email he received the day of his death at about two oclock came from a computer in a senior center in Allentown. If the killer was in that gray SUV Monsignor Smith saw leaving St. Gabes about 10:30 he would have had plenty of time to get to Allentown by two.
But why send a threatening email? If the sender was the killer he would have known that Soroka was dead.
I dont know. Possibly so that you, and others, would ask that very question, Frank. A red herring. Make it look like he had no idea Soroka was dead.
Yeah, maybe.
Now heres another gem, she said." They found an email from last year announcing a reunion of all priests who were ordained from St. Charles Seminary in the 1950s. It was sent to a group and one of the addresses on the list was 'ACinelliOC@aol.com.
Anthony Cinelli Ocean City, I said. But he didnt have a computer.
Anna Cinelli Ocean City, Angela said. The sister. I called her. She used to have a computer but hardly ever used it. It broke down and she never replaced it. Her brother occasionally used the computers at the Ocean City senior center. Apparently he took over her email account as his own. When she told me he never owned a computer I never thought to ask if he had an email account.
Can you find his emails?
Already have. I asked her if shed check and she said I might as well check them myself and gave me the password. The New Mail file contained mostly spam and a couple of acknowledgements of book purchases from Amazon and Borders. The reunion announcement was in the Old Mail file along with a bunch of the 'priest-should-be-truly-priests' ones. They stopped after his death. 
 Holy smokes! So, he may have been threatened like Soroka.
But not quite the same as Soroka, she said.  Remember, Soroka's email arrived a few hours after he died.
Whatever that means, I said.
You, Cinelli, and Soroka were on your pen pals list," she said.
"And two of us are dead," I said. "I'm not happy about that."
"I don't blame you. I wonder who else might be on the list. How difficult would it be to contact every priest in the diocese and ask if they have ever received a similar email?
I have no idea but Ill find out.
Good. Im still bothered by the behavior of that priest or pseudo priest who visited Cinelli before he died. The hospital gave me the names of two priests from Somers Point and Ocean City parishes who usually visit the sick at the hospital. I contacted both. One had visited him when he first went into the hospital but neither said they visited him the day he died.
It could have been a friend of his.
I asked his sister about that possibility. She said a number of his priest friends attended his funeral and concelebrated the Mass but she could think of none that fit the description the nurse had given me. I wish the hospital had done an autopsy on him.
They had no reason to.
No, and Id need more than an email and my uneasiness about a mysterious man in black to have him dug up.
"Anything on his cell phone?
Nothing there.
Well, keep me informed, Angela.
Will do.

I called Tom and gave him the name of Michael Eddy and repeated Angelas suggestion about the alumni records. He had the authority of the Archbishops office for any request for information like that. He said hed be glad to see what he could find and to arrange for the email query of the diocesan priests.

Chapter 28- Blessing the Animals

Georgina Rutherford and I dated briefly in college and have remained friends ever since. Her first year at Kenyon she was a physics major and then switched to psychology. Our paths crossed again years later when she was ordained an Episcopal priest one year after me. Now she was at Holy Trinity in Bryn Mawr. I needed to talk to her. She was tied up most of the week. Saturday was Bless the Animals day. The blessings would be on the lawn in front of the church at ten. She suggested I come out and bring Olivia and her pets. Did she bless rodents? Anything.  
Saturday morning, after a detour to pick up Vicki and Joey, I headed for Bryn Mawr with Vicki and me in front and Joey and Olivia strapped into their car seats in back. The Deluxe Hamster Habitat rested on the seat between them with the center seat belt looped around it. Daisey sat in the back of the Outback staring out the rear window.
Do your mice like water? Joey asked.
Theyre not mice, Olivia said theyre hamsters. Why?
Cause theyre gonna get soaked." 'Jever get a blessin? The priest runs around church with a big rattle and shakes water on you.
Theyll be in the Habitat. They wont get wet.
Then the blessin wont count. You gotta take em outa the cage.
Daddy, I dont want Jack and Maria to get blessed. Theyll run away. Member when we gave them a shower in the bath tub and Maria tried to run down the drain?
You wont have to take them out sweetheart. They dont have to get wet, I said.
In the rear view mirror I caught Olivia sticking her tongue out at Joey. Vicki turned toward me with an incredulous look on her face.
You didnt really try to give hamsters a shower did you?
Why not?  They were smelly and needed it. It was safe. They couldnt get out of the tub. Hand-held shower. Baby shampoo. Very gentle. You just have to be sure the stopper is in the drain, otherwise they might wind up doing the backstroke in a sewer plant.
Yuck! The poor things must have been terrified.
She leaned forward in her seat and pointed. Theres a parking space next to that minivan. Geez, look at them all. I thought thered be mostly dogs and cats. Can a horse really be considered a pet?
Mom, look at the chickens, Joey said. Can I get one?
Theyre not good in an apartment, Joey. 
Vicki turned toward me and added sotto voce, I like to see you give a shower to a chicken.
Olivia and Joey got at the end of the line with the hamsters and Daisey while Vicki and I found a bench near where Georgina was giving the blessings. She waved to us as we sat down. Children were introducing their pets and saying a few words about them before they were blessed. When it was Olivias turn she said that Maria was always throwing up. Somebody asked how she knew which one was a boy and which a girl. Olivia said she just knew. After six months with no offspring I suspected that maybe Jack was really a Jacqueline or Maria a Mario. Joey told the crowd that Daisey was a police dog. I dont where he got that idea.
After the last gerbil and goldfish was beatified Georgina came over to the bench and I introduced her to Vicki. I showed her the digital photos of the cloud chamber tracks and explained their origin. 
 How sure are you of this? Georgina asked.
Ive replicated the results a number of times.
 On the phone you said you wanted me to help. I would be interested in seeing the experiment. Is the equipment still set up? 
For the next four weeks. The students do the lab on Mondays and Wednesdays from two to four. 
Georgina checked a pocket diary. I could make it this Monday.
Great, I said. I was wondering if you might also consider an ecumenical experiment which could 
Whoa.  For now Im interested in being an observer not an independent variable, Okay? 
Vicki interrupted. Whats the big mystery?
A simple extension of the cloud chamber experiment, I said and explained it to Vicki.
Observer it is, I said to Georgina. Monday afternoon. Ill give your name to the guard at the faculty lot. 
We pulled Olivia and Joey away from a group of children petting two small goats and headed back to the city.
My hamsters didnt get wet at all, Olivia said and Maria hasnt thrown up once.
I liked the baby dragon, said Joey.
Lizard, Vicki said.
 McDonalds?  I asked. 
 No fries thoughapples, Vicki said. 

Chapter 29- Georgina Visits the Lab

Georgina arrived about fifteen minutes before my lab ended Monday afternoon. She wore a dark blue business suit, white blouse, and small gold cross on a thin chain around her neck.  I introduced her as a visiting professor to the students. That wasnt a lie. She has a PhD in Philosophy and is an adjunct professor at Eastern College where she teaches occasional courses in ethics and the philosophy of science. During the lab she walked around the room with me. I had the case with the consecrated host for Clara in my jacket pocket. Every time we went near the cloud chambers there was a burst of activity. I gave the case to Georgina and she got the same result. 
Back in my office I fixed us both a cup of decaf. Were you surprised?  I asked.
Yes, its very strange. I felt like a magician who could perform a trick but didnt know how I did it. Are you sure the case isnt radioactive?
Positive.
Im still not ready to concede that your hypothesis of divine intervention is correct, though.
Neither am I. The hypothesis is just that, a hypothesis, and it remains tentative until proven or disproven despite what I may personally believe. My question now is, do you want to participate?
Georgina took a sip of her coffee and put the cup on the edge of my desk. Let me tell you my thoughts. Suppose we repeat the experiments with a host that I have consecrated. I believe that a consecrated host is truly the body of Christ, the same as you, despite the fact that your church considers my ordination invalid. Lets further assume that the experiment works, that is we get the same result that you got with the hosts you consecrated. What do we then have?
We have this peculiar behavior of cosmic rays in the presence of a host, I said, a host consecrated by either an ordained Catholic priest or an ordained Episcopal priest who happens to be a woman.
Ok, lets call all that Stage One, she said.
Stage One it is.
Good. Now, Stage Two. If your divine hypothesis is correct my successful experiment would testify to the validity of Anglican Holy Orders and the validity of womens ordinations, both of which are denied by the Catholic Church.
It would be revolutionary, I said. "Physics in support of religion."
Im not so sure Rome would see it that way," she said. I think 'physics in support of heresy' might be closer to their take on it. But back to the divine hypothesis. We speculate that the explanation of these strange observations is that a consecrated host contains the real presence of Christ who then youll have to help me out on this who then does what?
Who creates, channels, redirects, whatever, the sub atomic particles that make the tracks; direct intervention by the deity into the physical world.
Which is the definition of a miracle, she said. Lets examine that. I find major problems both scientific and spiritual. 
Im listening. 
The spiritual first. The only reason that we entertain this divine hypothesis at all is because of our belief. Give the results of these same experiments to non-believers and the probability that they would come up with divine intervention is zilch. They might agree that the phenomenon is mysterious or weird but they are not going to inject God into the mix. 
Ok. Good point. Whats your scientific objection?
She drank the last of her coffee and threw the cup in the basket. The hypothesis is ad hoc. It applies only to this phenomenon. We dont use God to explain any other physical phenomena. Not anymore. You want to use God to explain the cloud chamber tracks. How do you know that God exists? Wheres the proof? Our belief isnt good enough for a scientific explanation.
I know this has weakness as a scientific experiment but supposes we look at it as purely a religious experiment. Ill repeat my original question. Do you want to participate?
Im undecided. Let me tell you why. First of all, what you are asking me to do is to test my faith. I dont need proof of my beliefs. Now you ask me if I want to test them out, to make a choice which you did not have to make. You just fell into this."
True," I said.
"Secondly, I think you're jumping the gun. I think there is probably a rational explanation for all this. Give yourself a chance to find it before we even think about using the phenomenon to validate my ordination. Does that seem reasonable?"
"Fair enough," I said. "You said 'we', Georgina. Does that mean you are interested?"
"How could I not be? This is fascinating. Keep me in the loop. I wish I knew where you go from here."

 I thought about what Georgina said when she left. Maybe I didn't know where I was going but I knew where I wanted to go. I wished that my life could get back to normal. I turned on my laptop to check emails but opened its "restore" utility instead. If the performance of the computer deteriorates I can restore the system to an earlier point in time when there was no problem.. I have the setting adjusted so that the computer automatically establishes restore points weekly. I scrolled down the list of points to a week last summer in mid august. I had just finished summer school classes and Olivia and I were down the Jersey shore at my mother's place. Vicki and Joey came down and we spent a couple of idyllic days on the beach during the day and putting the kids on the rides at Wonderland on the boardwalk at night. If our lives had a "restore" utility that week would be my restore point. No CDF. No threatening emails. No murders. No errant cosmic rays. Life does have restore points of a sort. It's called nostalgia. There's just no return key. No, my life couldnt return to normal. "Normal" priests did not have daughters, girl friends, or fiances. I'd settle for almost normal. 

Chapter 30- King Kong 

Gravity is certainly normal and Tuesday morning I immersed myself in it.  We no longer need angels flapping their wings behind the planets to keep them moving. Newton replaced the angels with a force; the same force that makes an apple fall to the ground or a giant ape fall from the top of a building. I wheeled a large cart into the lecture hall. It held a small stuffed monkey, a two by eight-foot-long slab of plywood, cut and painted to vaguely resemble the Empire State Building, and a box of stop watches. Class on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 9:00 to 10:15 was physics fun time. 
When I started at PaCom I inherited the departments general education physics course. It bored the students and it bored me so I changed the syllabus slightly and renamed the course "Hollywood Physics"; same physics principles but different applications. Now we use physics to calculate how fast Superman must be travelling at takeoff to actually leap a tall building with a single bound. It's more interesting than the same problem using a cannon ball. So is a calculation to determine if a thin spider web is strong enough to support Spiderman's weight and also supply the centripetal force necessary to swing from building to building? Now we have a waiting list to get into the course. This was Retro Week starring the 1933 version of King Kong. 
Those of you on the ends of the rows please come up and grab some stop watches and pass them down your row. Theres not enough for everyone, so share. I want you to observe this film clip carefully. Ill ask a few questions about it when it finishes. I clicked on the laptop plugged into the projector.
Arms lifted, wounded in the chest and bleeding, King Kong rose to his full height and swatted at the planes as if they were annoying mosquitoes. A Curtis biplane headed directly at him, its twin nose guns blazing. Rat-a-tat-tat. Clutching the fatal wound to his neck Kong gave up the fight and fell to the street below. Barump!  I clicked the pause button and faced the students. 
OK. Before I showed you that clip I asked that you observe it carefully. How many did? Most hands went up, some tentatively.  All right. When Kong let go and fell, about how long did it take for him to hit the ground? One second, five, ten?
Most hands quickly went down. I called on one of the remaining brave souls. John?
About five seconds?
How many think five?  more than that?  less? Ill get back to that question in a minute. Lets talk about the fall. Obviously the film makers didnt take a huge gorilla up to the top of the Empire State and push him off. Right? Some laughter. They were waking up. No, they used a model.
I walked over to my plywood Empire State Building that was standing upright on its wooden stand. Heres my version of that modelstraight from your local Home Depot. And, heres King Kong, I said holding up the stuffed monkey. Curious George has agreed to stand in.
More laughter. Some of the students were smiling and leaning forward in their seats anticipating my next move. Were going to make our own King Kong movie at least pretend to.
 OK. I think were set to go. You can help. When I let go of George start your stop watches and stop them as soon as you see him hit the floor. Ill drop on 'Go'. Ready, get setgo! Lots of stop watches clicking: lots of mumbling: a few curses.
Not so easy. The fall takes less than a second. What are some of your results?
I put a sampling of the shouted numbers on the board. They ranged from about a half second to a little under one second. Quite a scatter, I said. OK, good. Now, watch the film clip again. This time use the stop watches to time Kongs fall on the screen. Turn on when his feet separate from the building and off when you hear him hit the ground.
I clicked on the play button. Kong leaned back. He fell, hit a ledge, fell the rest of the way.  Barump!  OK. Before I ask what times you measured let me ask this question. When Kong fell did it seem realistic?  What I mean is did the time of the fall feel right?  Not too fast or not too slow? The real time of fall for the miniature Kong in the film to fall from the model building was just about what you got with our modelan average of about seven tenths of a second. Now, what times did you get for the fall on screen?
I wrote Screen Time of Fall on the chalkboard. Carl?
I got eight point two seconds
Maria?
Seven point nine.
After collecting about twenty measurements I had the students average them. They got eight point one seconds. So, in the studio it took about seven tenths of a second for the model Kong to fall but on the screen it takes over eight seconds. What did they do? Peter.
They played it back in slow motionslowed down the projector in the theater by a factor ofhe grabbed his calculatora factor of eight point one divided by point seven oreleven point six. Roughly twelve times slower.
Youre almost right, Peter. However, they did it at the other end. Filmed the drop faster than the normal frame rate so that when the film is played back at the normal projector frame rate in a theater it takes much longer. Youll have another chance to observe King Kong before Thursdays class. Pick up the hand-out problems on your way out. In one of them you must use the kinematic equations for free fall to calculate the time to fall from the real empire state building and to fall from the model used in the film. Take the height of the model to be eight feet. One hand went up. 
Whats the height of the Empire State Building?
Thats part of the problem. Google it. Also, the youtube address for the clip I just showed you is on the sheet. 
My cell phone vibrated on my belt. Caller ID displayed the number for Munchkin House. Was Olivia sick? 
Okay, see you Thursday, I said to the class and stepped into the adjacent storeroom to take the call.

Chapter 31- Olivias Close Call

This is Louise Carpenter, Dr. Donnelly. I just wanted to check with you. We have only the names and pictures of your mother and Mrs. Meyers as authorized to pick up Olivia and Mr. Donnelly is here and wants to take her
Who?
Mr. Donnelly. Your father?
Louise, listen to me closely. My father died five years ago.
Oh my gosh!
Stay calm Louise. Can this guy hear you?
No. Hes on the enclosed porch. But he can see me.
Are you on the phone in the hallway?
Yes.
Wheres Olivia?
Shes in the library with the other children for story time.
OK. Now, push the button by your phone for campus security. When you hang up pick up a childs jacket, any jacket, from the coat rack and walk into the library as if nothing is wrong and youre going to fetch Olivia. When you get inside lock the door. Ill be right there.
I would have sprinted to Munchkin House if I could. Classes were changing and getting through the hundreds of students and faculty crowding the Quad was like trying to pick my way through a maze. When I finally got there four campus police Segways and a Philadelphia Police Department squad car with its roof lights flashing were in the driveway. I bounded up the porch steps and through the door my heart pounding and bumped headlong into Chief Robinson of the campus police. 
Shes OK, Doc. Shes OK. The guy was gone when we got here. The PPD officers are in Mrs. Carpenters office taking a statement. Theyll want to get some information from you also.
In a minute, I said. I want to see my daughter. I headed toward the library door where Mrs. Bertino was standing.
Olivia doesnt know anything about this, Doctor Donnelly. Maybe it would be better to leave it that way; not scare her or the other children. Theyre in the middle of a Peter Rabbit story.
To ease my fears Chief Robinson came over with another campus cop.
Doc, this is Carlos Ramirez. Carlos is going to remain here for the rest of the morning and this afternoon til the shift change at three when another officer will stay until closing. What happened today should not have occurred. I'll send an email or a letter out today to the parents of every child at Munchkin House describing what happened and my decision to tighten security by assigning an officer to permanent Munchkin House duty. No one should have to worry about their child's safety when at school. I'll worry about my budget later."
I shook hands with Robinson and Ramirez and thanked them. Both were armed. Our campus police are not rent-a-cops but real police with full arrest powers. Robinson led me into Mrs. Carpenters office where I talked to the PPD officers for a few minutes. The younger of the two officers said they had a description of the suspect and would arrange for someone from police headquarters with an Identikit to visit Mrs. Carpenter in the afternoon in the hopes of getting a likeness. The older officer said that maybe I would be able to identify the creep".
I left after thanking Mrs. Carpenter and picked my way through the small group of students who had been attracted by the flashing bar on the squad car. 
Was it a bomb threat, professor? Was anyone hurt? 
 Another kind of threat I thought. I stopped in the chapel at the Newman Center. I needed to calm down and talk to my boss.

Chapter 32- Olivia Gets Her Way

I lied to Tom Lacey. I do scare easily. After I left the Newman Center I walked around campus letting off steam and resisting the impulse to go back to Munchkin House and take Olivia home. Finally, I forced myself to go back to my office and prepare for my one oclock class. Lunch was a pack of peanut butter crackers and a Hershey bar from the emergency rations in my desk drawer. My mind refused to get serious about celestial mechanics so I lifted some problems from a couple of textbooks and made six copies of the set for the students in my theoretical physics class. 
I want you to work on these problems together this afternoon. Make yourselves comfortable in the seminar room. None of the four are easy but to make it worthwhile I guarantee that at least one of them will be on the test next week. Ill be in my office if you need help. The students did a good job hiding their disappointment at missing my lecture on planetary transfer orbits.
I puttered in my office, straightened books on the shelves, wiped the inside of the microwave, and took everything out of my briefcase and held it over the wastebasket to knock out the dirt and crumbs. That was such I good idea I did the same with each of my desk drawers. I found a lost pair of sunglasses, a half-eaten candy bar, and a golf ball. When my office looked better than it had in years I tidied up my computer, defragmented the hard drive, scanned for viruses, and got rid of temporary files. While deleting emails that the spam filter had missed a new entry announced itself with a beep. In the subject bar, all in capital letters, appeared, PRIESTS SHOULD BE TRULY PRIESTS. The message was, JUST WANTED YOU TO SEE HOW EASY IT WOULD BE. DONT IGNORE MY WARNINGS.
I immediately replied, Who are you? No answer. The senders email address was a chilling "icuOlivia@gmail.com." Again I typed, Who are you? Nothing, but I already knew who it was; Pen Pal, aka the creep." I saved the message and forwarded copies to Angela Rossi and Chief Robinson.
I had enough threats for one day and picked up Olivia early. We went to her favorite playground where she played on the big girl swings. Olivia has the pumping action down pat and can now hit the bumps without any help from me. We made a stop for Chinese take-out and another stop, by request, at McDonalds. My mother was surprised and happy to see us.
This is a treat, Frank. I was getting ready to open a can of soup for myself. I love chicken with broccoli. Now, I dont want to interfere but how can you feed chicken nuggets and French fries to this child? And a chocolate milkshake? 
She can eat her peas and carrots tomorrow, Mom. Today she wanted a happy meal and today Olivia gets whatever she wants.
Can I have two stories before bedtime, Daddy.
You can have three.
And you wont skip any pages, Daddy?
Not a one, sweetheart.

I learned a few things that day. Since Father Sorokas death was not an accident then the email was likely from his killer and the veiled threats in the previous priests should be truly priests emails were now all too real. Could they also be connected to the threats to my priesthood from the CDF?
Olivia fell asleep half way through her second story. I tried to watch TV. A Fox News commentator was strongly hinting that God was on the side of the Republicans. On MSNBC He seemed to be favoring the Democrats. Was He on my side or the CDFs? I was certain He wasnt on a killers side. I prayed for guidance, for how to protect those I loved, for how to deal with the CDF, with what was going on in a two-gallon aquarium in my lab, and most of all, with my quest to marry Vicki. 
Later I tossed and turned in bed going over in my mind the results of the experiments of the previous day with Georgina Rutherford. Obviously the consecrated host had something to do with the increased cosmic rays but it wasnt the only thing. When I tried the experiment when I was alone I got nothing. Somehow Joe or Georginas presence or the presence of my students was another variable. Why?  I put my scientific nature aside for a moment and again allowed myself to consider the possibility of a divine presence. I sat up straight in bed and turned on the lamp on my night table. Taking my Bible from the drawer I opened to the New Testament and skimmed through Matthew. There it was; Matthew 18:20. For where there are two or three gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them. In the midst of them, more than one, but in a fish tank?
Before I put the Bible away I fanned the pages, and stuck my finger blindly on a page. I read a passage from Joshua.
Be strong and of good cheer, 
be not afraid, 
neither be thou dismayed: 
for the Lord God is with thee, 
withersoever thou goest. 
Be not afraid: the words that John Paul had said to me so long ago. OK, Id try. In the meantime I was not going to sit around waiting for another shoe to drop, either from the creep or from the CDF. I needed help from Angela Rossi and her colleagues to nail pen pal. This had to stop.  And I needed help with the cloud chamber experiments. 

Chapter 33- Doubt

The following afternoon I took the digital cameras from the cosmic ray experiment back to my office and transferred almost four hundred photos into the computer. Fifty-three showed increased cosmic ray activity, those taken when I was near the cloud chambers. Most of the extra tracks were not unusual except for a three-pointed star-like pattern that I could not identify. The pattern reminded Joe Amanti  of the hood ornament on a Mercedes. The three tracks always radiated from a common point and were very heavy. They looked like they were made by a magic marker or a grease pencil run over the front of the aquariums. It was not beyond my students to perpetrate a hoax. Last year one of the lab groups got me going with a photo showing some unusual curved tracks. It was a week before I discovered that if I looked at the curved tracks as a group rather than focusing on individual curls I was looking at a line drawing of Mickey Mouse. There were no cartoon characters in the present photos. 
I created a file named CosmicRayPhotos and  transferred six photos to it; three with normal cosmic ray activity and three with increased activity and the hood ornament.  In two short paragraphs in my word processor I summarized the unusual behavior of the rays and of the experiments that Joe and I did to rule out any stray radioactivity. I needed an expert opinion and Sal Lucassi was the man who could give it to me. Sal is a Jesuit astrophysicist who has done work on cosmic rays. He spends his time teaching at Georgetown and doing research at Arizona State and the Vatican Observatory. 
Opening my secure hotmail account I typed in Sals address, copied the text in my word processor to the message space, and added the six photos as attachments. Safe from the prying eyes of pen pal and, assuming he is the one leaking information to the CDF, safe from their eyes as well. If they found out about the experiments they couldwhat? Just what would be the reaction of the CDF?  I delayed sending the email and saved it as a draft. I needed to flesh out an idea, something that was rattling around somewhere in the back of my head but that I couldnt articulate, something to do with the archbishops bargaining chips." 
 That night Olivia brushed her teeth, said her prayers, and chose Ariels Glittering Sea for a bed time story. She has it memorized, so I just turn pages. She tells me the story. When her version differs from that on the printed page I have learned not to correct her. I tucked her in along with four dolls and her stuffed rabbit.

Tom Lacey was coming over to watch Monday Night Footballtwo days late. Neither of us had caught the game Monday but I had recorded it. I know. Thats about as exciting as yesterdays pizza. I enticed Tom with the promise of gourmet snacks. I needed to talk to him.  In the kitchen I opened the fridge. Two bottles of Bud, Cracker Barrel cheese, a half tub of hummus. I took some Ritz crackers and Tostitos from a cabinet. 
He brought a six pack. By the second quarter the Eagles trailed the Cowboys by fourteen. At halftime I paused the DVR and entertained Tom with the saga of the cosmic rays. He already knew I was getting some strange behavior in my lab. Now he got the full story.
Youre kidding.
I wish I were. I dont know what to make of it. How about some advice?
About what? I struggled with physics in high school.
Not with the science; with the CDF. How do you think they would react if they knew of the experiments?
An interesting thought. They would react negatively to any questioning of Church doctrine but your experiments dont question doctrine; if anything they confirm it. So, they should welcome the good news, he said getting up from his end of the couch. Refill? he asked, picking up my empty bottle. I nodded. He came back from the kitchen with two bottles of Corona Lite, gave me one, and plopped back down on the couch with a sigh.
Good news until they thought about it for a while for about as long as it took me, he said taking a swig and glancing at me sideways with a smile.
And, those thoughts would be? I said urging him to go on.
Those thoughts would be that this former Episcopal priest, this notorious advocate of womens ordinations, this violator of canon 277 might just be devious enough to repeat his experiment with a host consecrated by an Episcopal priest or, worse yet, a woman Episcopal priest.
And they would not want me to do that for fear it would succeed and contradict the Churchs teachings. Right?
That, yes, but I see another problem for them."
Tom put his head back on the couch and searched for words in the cracks in my ceiling. Assume that the CDF gets wind of your experiments. They immediately realize the danger of an extension of the experiment, an extension that would directly testassuming that your divine hypothesis is truedirectly test the validity of Anglican ordinations and womens ordinations. Agreed?
Agreed, I said. Thats why I would perform the experiment.
And, the Church claims that both Anglican ordinations and the ordinations of women are invalid. Still in agreement?
Yes.
And to doubt that is heresy?
Now I dont know about that, Tom. I might prove the Church was wrong with the cosmic rays.
 Maybe. Now, heres the real problem for the CDF. The Church claims that its position on both of these issues must be definitively held by all the faithful, that its position is both true and unchanging. It is infallible. Along comes this snot-nosedtheir assessment, not mine young American priest with his cosmic ray heresy who may have the means of putting that position to the test.
You put it so dramatically.
He sat up straight, took a swig of Corona, and leaned toward me. It gets better. Not only are they worried that snot nose will perform the experiment but they are upset by the fact that they are worried in the first place.
Why? I asked. 
Tom put his beer on the coffee table and stood. I watched my friend the priest morph into my friend the former Assistant District Attorney. He paced back and forth, head bowed, right hand massaging his chin as if deep in thought. Why? Because if they truly believe the Churchs position on these ordinations then they should also believe that such an experiment must fail. And, where does that leave them? Logically they should welcome the experiment, secure in their faith that it would fail and confirm the Churchs position. But, they worry. They worry that the experiments will not fail and that very worry bothers them because they realize that it indicates that they have. Tom stopped, smiled, and extended a hand palm upward towards me.
That they have doubts, I said.
 That they have doubts!  
Tom walked over to the dining table at the end of the room and addressed the picture of the Last Supper on the wall. Ladies and gentlemen of the jurycorrection, make that just gentlemen the very congregation that sanctions others for doubting Church doctrine would be guilty of the same sinand theyd know it. Tom turned his back on his ancient jury, came back and plopped down on the couch. Arms folded across his chest he said I rest my case.
I played along and shouted, Guilty! Guilty!

We woke up Olivia. She was standing in the doorway to the hall clutching her lady bug pillow pet and sucking her thumb. I got her back in bed without a fuss and went back to the living room.
 Seriously, Tom, what do you think theyd do? 
I have no idea but I know what Id do. When in doubtpunt. Can we fast forward and at least catch the fourth quarter?

I let Tom off the hook. The Eagles lost by one. They missed a fifty-yard field goal in the last twenty seconds that would have won the game. When Tom left I sent the email with the description of the cosmic ray experiments and the photos to Sal before I went to bed. The rattle in my head was gone. I used the PaCom account, not the secure hotmail one. That was as good as sending it directly to the CDF. Let them worry. I had nothing to lose. 
 
Chapter 34- The God Particle

Two days later on Friday morning the sun was streaming through my office window when my cell phone rang. It was Sal.
  Hey Frank, I got your photos. Very interesting. 
Any thoughts?" I asked.
How about a nearby radioactive source.
 No dice, Sal. I wish that was the answer. I told him of the tests Joe and I had run. 
 I have dozens more of those photos. Any chance you would have some time if I shot down to Georgetown to have a chat about this?
"I can do better than that. I've been coming up to Philly on Friday afternoons and staying to Tuesday to visit my mother. She's getting worse and I have to make a decision soon about what to do. I hate to think of putting her in a nursing home."
"Gee, I'm sorry to hear that." 
"Thanks. Anyhow, I'll be up this weekend. Can we get in your lab on Saturday? "
  "Sure, that's great. I need somebody to tell me I'm not nuts. Sal, what do you make of the three thick tracks in one of the photos?
What can you tell me about them?
"That pattern has appeared in a few of the photos. The angle between the tracks is about one hundred and twenty degrees, plus or minus a few degrees allowing for the uncertainty introduced due to their thicknesses. The tracks always go right up to the glass walls of the chamber; perfectly straight.
Any effect from a magnetic field?
"None."
"So they have no electric charge."
"Right. It looks like I have three neutral particles, probably of the same energy and momentum, moving symmetrically off from a common origin; three particles identical in all respects and I have no idea where they came from. Its as if they just popped into existence right there in the middle of the aquariums.
How about this? he said. One of the tracks is a high speed neutron. It strikes another neutron at rest and both go off on an angle from one another after the collision, just like a cue ball hitting the eight ball. That would give you three straight tracks.
And just like a cue ball hitting an eight ball," I said "the angle between the particles after a collision like that would be ninety degrees, not one-twenty. Also, there would be too much energy after the collision. It would violate the law of conservation of energy. I keep coming back to spontaneous creation of the three particles in the chamber.
How about three bosons, Frank? Dont they call the Higgs the god particle? You could name your trio Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." 
I laughed. "You'll have to talk to Vicki about the Higgs."
"What?"
"Nothing. An inside joke."
"How about your equipment? A glitch in the electronics?
There is no electronics. We made the chambers from two-gallon tropical fish tanks. Theyre so simple theres nothing to malfunction. Were not trying to do any serious research with them. I just want my students to see the evidence for cosmic rays.  These things could be built for a junior high science project.
Your letter said that you only get this phenomenon when you are carrying a consecrated host. Youre sure that you didnt have anything radioactive on you.
Positive. Thats the first thing we checked.
Whos we, Frank? How many people know about this?
Me and a colleague, Joe Amanti. Also, Tom Lacey, a priest working for the Archbishop, and Georgina Rutherford, a friend of mine. Shes an Episcopal priest. If a plan of mine works we can add Cardinal Tossi to the list."
"Prefect of the CDF? Why would he know anything?" 
I told Sal about my plot.
You want them to know? Sal sounded incredulous.
Tom Lacey has this theory that my petition to marry worried them. They offered to speed up the usual lengthy process for voluntary laicization if I would resign. I figure if my experiments can worry them a little more they may be willing to make concessions more to my liking.
I dont know, Frank. Youre playing with fire.
I laughed. I hope not. I hear they dont burn heretics any more.
"Do you know Karl Kurtz?"
"Jesuit cosmologist? I've heard of him and read a few of his papers. I could never tell whether it was science or science fiction."
"Yeah, Karl can be pretty far out. Anyhow, I showed him your pictures. An hour later he comes back to me with this intriguing theory. Do you happen to have a Cavendish balance in your lab?"
"We have one. I don't think anyone has used it for years. Why?"
"Part of Karl's theory. Dig out the balance.  I'll explain when I see you. I've got to get going. I have an early class. Ciao."

Chapter 35- The Spirals

The walls of Olivia's bedroom were a deep purple. They were purple when I bought the house and purple they remained. Vicki said the room was hideous. Sunday afternoon we did something about it. I promised my mother and Vicki burgers from the barbeque if they'd help me paint. Vicki cut in around the woodwork and ceiling with a paint pad and I manned the roller. My mother watched the kids in the backyard. It took two coats of pink to cover the walls. While I cleaned up Vicki wandered around eyeing the walls in the other rooms. I caught up with her in my den.
"Brown?" she said. "Isn't it depressing?"
 "Or warm and cozy," I said. 
My computer was on. The monitor was asleep. I woke it up and one of the cosmic ray photos I was looking at in the morning came up on the screen. 
"What are you working on?" she said leaning over my shoulder to look at the computer screen.
"The cosmic ray problem I told you about. It has us all stymied. I'm trying to sort out these photos. I've got hundreds. I put some of them into a PowerPoint presentation yesterday.  This is a group of a dozen that Joe Amanti and I took last week."
"Run the slide show. Let me see them."
I set the timer for five seconds between slides and let it run.
"OK. The first six are without the communion host," I said.
"They're pretty in a way, aren't they?" she said. "Sort of black and white modern art. Look at that one; looks like a 'V' and that look like a 'Y' on its side. I love the spirals."
"The spirals are caused by a magnetic field," I said. "Now these next six were taken when I placed a communion host on the table next to the cloud chamber. You'll notice that there are a lot more tracks."
"I can see that. Twice as many at least."
 "The mystery is 'why'?" I said. Where do they come from? That's what has us stumped."
"Why don't you want to consider a miracle?"
"Because I'm a scientist as well as a priest. Miracles are what you have left after all attempts at rational explanations fail and we have not exhausted all the possibilities." 
"Didn't you and Joe think they came from something radioactive?"
"Initially, yes, but we quickly ruled that out."
"I'll have to put Priscilla on the case," she said.
"Your sixth-grade sleuth would be out of her league. She's great at solving mysteries involving crime-solving gerbils and kidnapped parrots but these photos are of real events. But, just for the fun of it, what would she suggest as an explanation?"
"How about  hallucinations? The tracks aren't real."
"Uh, uh, you can't photograph hallucinations. Strike one."
"A mirage then, like that picture of that castle floating in the sky in your physics book. That's something that is not real but you can photograph it."
"Caused by the bending of light in the atmosphere coming from a real castle on the ground," I said stressing the word 'real'. Strike two."
The slides continued to run.
"Priscilla will think of something. Just give her time. Oh, look," she said pointing at the screen. "There's that spiral pattern again; just like the other one."
"The program is just cycling through the same slides again and again."
"I don't mean the two slides are exactly the same, just the spirals. Get up. Let me show you."
Vicki sat down at the computer. She stopped the slide show and switched from 'normal view' to "slide sorter view'" and grabbed slide number eleven in the second group of six and slid it up next to slide number 3 in the first group.
"This is what I mean, Frank. See, the spirals in slide eleven are the same as the ones in three. They're just hidden behind all these other straight tracks."
"Hmm. It does look like that, doesn't it? You've got a good eye."
"Give the credit to Priscilla, Frank. She was on the case."
There was something else I noticed. The straight tracks in slide eleven shouldn't be there.
"And does 'Priscilla' have an hypothesis to go along with her observation."
"How about a double exposure?"
"Not with a digital camera," I said. 
"Priscilla will leave the problem in your hands. Meantime, how about those burgers you promised?"
"Coming up," I said turning off the computer.
Vicki looked at the walls again on the way out of the room.
"Off white would brighten up this room," she said. "Next weekend. Maybe a light beige." 
What had I started?

Chapter 36- The Cavendish Balance

The following Saturday morning the Cavendish Balance sat in the middle of the perfectly flat steel surface of an optical table that looked from the sides like a pool table with extra fat legs.  The balance resembled a small glass box on a stand, a box about the size and shape of a VHS video tape cassette. Inside the box was what looked like a small dumbbell with two small lead balls at the end of a 6-inch rod. The rod was suspended from its center by a quartz fiber about the thickness of a human hair. Two larger lead balls sat on supports outside and at opposite ends of the box. The sole purpose of this device was to measure the incredibly small gravitational force between the small and large balls, a force that would cause the dumbbell to rotate and twist the thin fiber that supported it. Near the edge of the table a helium-neon laser projected its narrow red beam toward a tiny mirror attached to the quartz fiber. Sal Lucassi adjusted the beam so that it reflected off the mirror and was projected onto the whiteboard at the back of the lab. The only other thing on the table was the small white wafer about the size of a thin poker chip resting on a black cloth next to the balance. I sat on a high lab stool next to the table. Georgina Rutherford, dressed in black slacks, black boots, and a red blouse sat on a windowsill swinging her legs. She was there because she said she wanted to stay involved.
Sal moved the large balls so that one was close to a small ball on one side of the case and the other was close to the small ball on the other side. I pushed the start button on the lab timer. The beam reflected from the mirror started to slowly move across the back wall of the laboratory magnifying the twist of the fiber caused by the gravitational tugs in opposite directions by the large balls on the smaller ones. The red spot on the whiteboard moved so slowly it was barely perceptible. 
"How long do you think it will be before it comes to rest?" Georgina asked.
"It will oscillate back and forth for at least an hour," I said.
"Well, it's almost noon and I'm hungry. Anyone for lunch?" she said. "We're not going to speed anything up by sitting here and watching that beam. It's like watching a pot boil."
"I vote for lunch" Sal said.
I locked up.
The faculty cafeteria was almost deserted and we had no trouble getting a quiet booth. Georgina and I had the tuna salad platters; an ice cream scoop of tuna on a lettuce leaf surrounded by slices of hard boiled egg, olives, and pickled beets. Sal had a cheese steak. We all had ice tea. I treated.
"Now I know you're trying to bribe me" Georgina said digging a fork into her tuna. 
"It wouldn't be much of a bribe for such a big decision," I said. "What do you think about what we are doing today?"
"To tell the truth I'm not sure what you are doing; all this talk about 'cosmic bubbles' and 'multiple  universes'. It sounds like a crazy idea to me," she said spearing an olive. "I don't understand Kurtz's reasoning or the connection with the Cavendish balance."
Sal said, "How much physics have you studied?  Frank said you were both physics majors at Kenyon."
"I was for the first year," she said. "That's how we met. Then I switched to psychology."
Sal nodded and I knew what he was thinking. I straightened him out. 
"Not because she had trouble with physics, Sal. She aced both semesters of the introductory course."
"Why did you switch if you were doing so well?" he asked.
"I had too many questions," she said. "Questions which were different from the ones in the textbook or from what Batman was asking in class."
Sal wiped melted cheese from his chin. "Batman?" 
"That's what we called him," I said. "Doctor Bruce Wayne, our physics prof."
"Of course" Sal said. "And he had a lab assistant you called 'Robin'."
"Igor," Georgina said. "Anyhow his course was a rat raceone set of problems after another. I could do the problems but I also wanted to reflect on what it all meant, the big questions.  No time for that. Move on or we won't get to the end of the book. You know the routine."
"And did psychology satisfy your need for meaning?"
"No, that's why I switched to philosophy in graduate school and spent four years quibbling about the meaning of words and 'proving" that nothing had any meaning. I finally found my home in religion; an act of the will. I chose to believe."
"Well, if you are interested in big ideas then Kurtz's theory might interest you. It may sound crazy but it's not all that complicated. He claims that the strength of all fundamental forces, not just the gravitational force, may be different in a nearby universeassuming that such a universe exists."
"The 'multiple universe' theory" Georgina said "that there are umpteen other universes out there in other dimensions. I don't buy it."
"You're not alone. Anyhow, he speculates that in such a universe the strong nuclear force that holds the particles in the nucleus together may be weaker than it is in our universe. He sees the communion host causing a rip in our universe allowing a portion of the adjacent universe, a bulge if you will, to protrude into ourssort of a cosmic aneurysm. This could upset the tug of war between the nuclear force pulling the charged protons in the nucleus together and the electrical repulsive force tending to push them apart. In our universe the nuclear force wins that battle but if the nuclear force was weakened then the stronger electrical force could blow the particles in the nucleus apart."
Georgina interrupted him. "Assuming that the electrical force isn't weaker also, right?"
"Right," I said. "And we know it's not. We already tested that." 
"So how does all this relate to the cosmic ray phenomenon?"
 Sal continued. "Kurtz claims that the increased activity in the cloud chamber is not an increase in cosmic rays but that we are seeing tracks caused by particles blown out of nuclei from molecules in the alcohol vapor. Capisce?"
"So far. So, the idea for all this business with the Cavendish balance is what?" she said.
I said "The idea is that if we can find differences in the gravitational and electrical forces, forces which are easy to measure, then maybe the nuclear strong force, which is not so easy to measure, is also affected."
"And you already know that the electrical force is not affected. So what's the chance that the gravitational force is?" she asked.
"We will soon know," I said. 
"Taking any bets on the outcome?" she said spearing an egg slice.
"What's your guess?" Sal said.
Georgina used her knife to push the last of her tuna onto her fork.
"My guess is that Kurtz's idea is just as loony as it sounds."

I preferred 'failed hypothesis' to 'loony' but either way her guess was right. When we got back to the lab the red dot on the wall had stopped at its final positionexactly the same position it had stopped at earlier when the communion wafer was absent. We ran the numbers but it was obvious that there was no effect.
"OK, Kurtz's idea was pretty far out but we had to test it," I said.
"What now?" Georgina asked.
"Back to square one," I said. 
"nd what exactly would that be?" 

Chapter 37- What is Square One? 

"We go back to the basic observations," I said. "Go over the photos we already have, repeat the experiments. See if there's anything we missed. "
"Like missing the forest for the trees?" she said. "You two are physicists. You are intrigued by the physics of this strange phenomenon. OK, I get that. But even if you do solve that problem the bigger question will still remain. Why does a consecrated host generate this subatomic hurricane in the first place? Is it due to the 'real presence of Christ' in the host?  Does He create, channel, redirect, whatever, the subatomic particles that make the tracks? Is it a direct intervention by the deity into the physical world? If so what is the purpose?"
"I can think of many reasons," I said. "It could be to strengthen our faith or the faith of others, to provide proof of his very existence, to abolish doubt, convert agnostics and atheists, or, maybe provide a convenient test for validating your ordination?"
"It could be any or all of those reasons" Sal said. "Or perhaps just to remind us that miracles can still happen."
"This would fall into the category of' 'miracles on demand' wouldn't it?" Georgina said. "Set up your cloud chamber, bring a consecrated host near it, and voila, instant miracle. Even a casual reading of the Bible will reveal that Jesus consistently rejected such theatrics. He rebuked the Pharisees who demanded a sign from heaven as a test saying, I quote, 'no sign shall be given'. He rejected the devil's invitation to turn stone into bread or jump from the pinnacle of the temple and have angels rescue him. Jesus rejected cheap tricks. As for doubt, what about the account of Thomas who would only believe Jesus had risen if he could put his finger in the nail wounds and his hand in his side. Jesus said, 'blessed are those who have not seen and yet have believed'. He was OK with belief without proof."
"She has a point, Frank," Sal said.
"Which brings me to another point" Georgina said. "You have considered multiple hypotheses to explain the physics of this; stray radioactivity, Kurtz's bulging universe, etc. How about another hypothesis to explain the quote 'supernatural' aspect of the phenomenon?"
"What do you suggest?" I asked.
"One suggested by he who is interested in cheap tricks. If we are to consider a divine explanation we should also include a diabolical one."
"You can't be serious" Sal said. "You're suggesting the devil is responsible? Throws some sort of a demonic tantrum in the presence of a consecrated host and starts hurling subatomic particles around?" 
"I'm suggesting an hypothesis which is just as logical as the divine hypothesis and which may even have an edge considering the biblical evidence. As long as we are willing to consider 'bulging universes' I think I'm entitled to throw the devil into the mix and that presents me with a problem. If there is even the smallest chance of the demonic hypothesis being correct then the experiment you want me to do, Frank, wouldn't prove anything."
"She's right, Frank" Sal said. "If Georgina brings a host she consecrated near the cloud chambers and there is an increase in the number of tracks what could we conclude? If your divine hypothesis is correct then we conclude Georgina's ordination is valid. If her demonic hypothesis is correct then what? If the devil really is involved we can be sure his motives are not benevolent. What could we conclude from evidence provided by the Prince of Lies?"
"And that, Frank, is my problem with your proposed experiment" Georgina said. "It can not be conclusive unless we know who or what is causing the phenomenon in the first place."
"So, there is no point in doing it," I said.
"There is no point in doing your experiment, Frank, but what if we could construct an experiment that would not only test the validity of my ordinationvalidity in the eyes of the Catholic Church that isbut also tell us whether the divine or demonic hypothesis was correct?"
"A tall order," I said. "Do you have such an experiment in mind?"
"I have a vague idea for one. I'll work on it.  Right now I better get going. I have an appointment this afternoon. Sal, nice meeting you," she said shaking hands with him.
"Likewise," he said. 
Georgina headed for the door and turned smiling. "I'm getting out of here before the lightning strikes. I followed closely the statements of the late John Paul II and I believe he expressly forbade Catholic priests from discussing women's ordinations."
She pointed to the Van der Graff generator in a corner of the lab which could generate 100,000-volt electrical discharges at the flick of a switch.
"Of course physicists are capable of generating their own lightning."

Chapter 38- A Conjurer's Trick

When Georgina left Sal and I went back to my office.
"Smart lady" Sal said "I don't know about her 'devil did it' idea though." 
"Weird as it sounds she's right that the God hypothesis and the devil hypothesis are logically equivalent. She's also right that we may be ignoring the forest for the trees but are you willing to look at another tree?"
"What do you have?"
I turned on my computer and brought up the twelve slides Vicki had seen. 
"Sit down here for a minute. Look at these two with the spirals; numbers three and eleven. There is a date and time stamp in the bottom of each slide. Slide eleven was shot seven seconds after slide number three. Notice the spirals in both."
He looked puzzled and said. "The spirals in three look good but eleven is curious. The spirals indicate that the magnetic field was on but if it was then you couldn't have all those straight tracks. Some of the particles making them must have been charged and they would have produced curved tracks.Was the field on or off?"
"That I don't know. The students were turning the fields on and off randomly. Also notice that the spirals in eleven are identical to the ones in three."
"Any possibility of a double exposure?"
"None."
"It suggests that the spirals in three somehow wound up in eleven."
"That's what it looks like, but how?"
"How about a mirage or a real image formed by a concave mirror?" Sal said. "The old conjurer's trick to make something appear to hang in space."
I laughed. "So where's your mirror?"
"How about Karl's adjacent universe?"
I laughed harder. "Now we are talking science fiction. Did you slip something into that ice tea at lunch? You're suggesting that the spiral in slide eleven is the image of the spiral in three reflected from a mirror lurking off somewhere in Karl's adjacent universe."
"It would explain the facts."
I brought up the calculator on my cell phone and made a quick calculation. 
"Those slides are separated by seven seconds in time so, three and a half seconds one way to the mirror for light travelling at 186,000 miles per second puts your mirror at about 650,000 miles away. It's crazy."
Sal wasn't discouraged by this absurdity.
"Only if the speed of light is the same in Karl's universe as it is in ours. Could be anything. Suppose it was only ten feet per second rather than 186,000 miles per second. That would place the mirror 35 feet awayabout where that flagpole is outside your window."
"Uh, huh. Your piling one improbable on top of another: hypothetical  adjacent universe, hypothetical mirror, hypothetical speed of light. Let me add another. The mirror will invert the image. You'd need a lens to right it. A hypothetical lens."
Sall looked a little sheepish. "And the lens would have to be a little off the optic axisokay, enough science fiction. Let's get back to reality. "We're looking at a dozen of these photos, Frank. How many do you have all together?"
"Probably three or four hundred."
"We should check them all for pairs similar to three and eleven."
"It would take forever," I said.
"Maybe not. I have a program I use to compare photos of star fieldssee what changes or remains the same in a section of the sky at various times. If I run the cloud chamber photos through the program it might be able to flag the ones we are interested in. Do you have a spare flash drive?"
I did a clean sweep of a drive holding the minutes of old Faculty Senate meetings and copied 356 jpegs to it and gave it to Sal.
"Have fun."
My phone beeped once. It was a text message from Vicki. I'll bring appetizers tomorrow.
"By the way, what are you doing tomorrow?" I asked Sal.
"I'll take my mother shopping and then watch the Eagles' game later."
"Why don't you come over to my place for the game? It's my turn to host our neighborhood 'Fan Fest'. We get together to watch the Eagles' away games. Just a few neighbors and a few friends. I'll throw some burgers on the grill if the weather holds out. Bring your mother if she's up to it."
"OK, on two conditions. My brother is going to Japan on business for a few months and I'll have his Eagles' season tickets. You have to promise to go to at least one of the games with me and also promise not to introduce me as 'Father' Lucassi.  I don't want to spend the game listening to people apologize to me every time they say 'hell' or 'damn'."
"An offer I can't refuse. About four-thirty tomorrow. Game starts at five."
"Four-thirty it is."

Chapter 39- PeeWee Soccer

The PeeWee Soccer game was half over by the time I got to the field in Fairmount Park. I found Vicki standing on the sidelines. I peeled the blue cloth carry bags from two camp chairs and opened them.
"Madam."
"My hero to the rescue," she said as she sat down. "I was beginning to think you weren't going to make it."
"We ran a little late. How are the kids doing?"
 "Joey scored. He's having fun. Olivia missed a shot on goal and then sat down on the grass and pouted while the ball made a couple trips up and down the field. When she came out of her funk she made a couple of nice steals and was praised by the coach so she's feeling good now. How was your meeting with Sal and Georgina?"
"The experiment didn't work out but we made some progress. I resisted the impulse to say we had a devil of a time. 
Vicki was on her feet and shouting. "Way to go, Tommy. Nice play!"
"Who's  Tommy?' 
"Number 10on the leftblue shirt."
"Why are you rooting for the other team?"
"Just Tommy. His father has been on his back the whole game. 'Go after the ball, don't let him do that to you, focus, Tommy, focus.'  Constant criticism. No praise. The two moms screaming over on that bench aren't much better. I was talking to them before the game. They asked where my husband was. Natural assumption since the both of us are usually at these games and we both still wear our wedding rings."
"You set them straight?"
"I hope so. I said, 'Oh, Frank? He's my fianc. He's also a Catholic priest, a theoretical physicist, and is helping a woman detective catch whoever is trying to kill us.' They gave me a weak smile. I don't know whether they pitied me or wanted to stone me."
"They look like they want to stone the ref. Why is Joey swinging from the top bar of the goal?"
'That's his latest time-out diversion."
Olivia trotted over to our chairs.
"Hi Daddy."
"Hi princess. Aunt Vicki said you're doing so good."
"I missed a shot and that big boy kicked me. I hate him!"
Vicki cleared her throat and uncapped a water bottle. "Drink some water, hon. It will make you feel better. Now get out there and have fun and, Oliviakick him back, sweetheart."
Vicki handed me the water bottle. "Here, have some, and wipe that big smile off your face."
I took a swig but the smile stayed. "Did I just witness the hint of a latent 'pit bull with lipstick' there?"
Now Vicki was smiling too. "Frank, there is nothing wrong with encouraging a little spirited play. I don't stand on my chair and shout, 'Kill the bums'. Planting a suggestion quietly can be more effective." 
A moment later Vicki was on her feet again shouting.
 "Oh, so now you blow your whistle?" 
She sat back down, took the water bottle from me, finished it, and put the empty into her tote. "I said kick, she tripped. Don't you just love girls with minds of their own?"
I put my arm around Vicki. "You know I do."

Chapter 40- Fan Fest

Sunday afternoon Sal brought a bottle of Pinot Grigio and a bucket of hot wings to "Fan Fest." No mother.
	At half time Vicki carried a pack of individually wrapped Kraft cheese slices out to me at the grill.
"Have you noticed?" She said
"Pretty hard not to. I don't think they've seen much of the game. How many want cheese?"
"I'll put a slice on half of them when you flip. They'd make a handsome couple, don't you think? Maybe we could go out with them some night. Get a pizza, see a movie, or "
"Whoa, young lady. Back up. He is probably boring the heck out of Angela with the fine points of astrophysics and are you forgetting that Sal is a priest?"
Vicki tapped my nose with her finger.
"And exactly what, Father Donnelly, are you?"
I flipped the burgers and Vicki dealt out a half dozen cheddar slices.
"It's different. I was married. I have a dispensation."
"You had a dispensation, my dear and you may be able to get another, but right now we are just as illegal as Angela and Sal. Isn't forbidden love sooo delicious?" she said rising on her toes to give me a kiss.
The burgers sizzled. The cheese melted.
"I think we better get these inside before they burn and while I'm still functional. Don't offer Sal or Angela any more wine."

Chapter 41- Rome:The Piazza del Uffizio. 

Satellite photos dont show much more than the roof of the 400-year-old building in the Piazza del Uffizio on the edge of the Vatican. If optical technology could have penetrated the roof that day in late October it would have revealed a meeting in progress. Eleven men were seated around a long rectangular table. Seventy-one-year-old Cardinal Antonio Tossi, Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, sat at the head of the table. The rest of the men were bishops and monsignori of the Roman Catholic Church.  A red file folder, a bottle of water, and a glass were on the table at each place. Cardinal Antonio Tossi was reading a letter from his file. He took his glasses off, looked up, offered a short prayer in Italian, and  opened the meeting. 
Miracles, gentlemen, are by their very nature rare occurrences. Reports of miracles, however, are quite common. For your edification and amusement I have collected a sample of such reports that have surfaced in just the last month. There are three reports of the total remission of advanced cancers, four bleeding statues, two weeping statues, the face of Christ on the window of a butcher shop in Milano, and, one of my favorites, an image of the virgin on a potato chip which is now safely sealed in plastic and on display in an amusement park in California.
When the laughter subsided Cardinal Tossi cleared his throat and continued.
Separating the really miraculous from fraud and just plain silliness is easy when we are dealing with potato chips. Its not so easy when it is something like this, the Cardinal said holding up a copy of a photograph. You have copies in your files.
Abstract art, your eminence? asked Bishop Andersen.
It does have that look, doesnt it, Carl? No, this is a photograph of tracks made by cosmic rays in a device called a cloud chamber. The photograph was taken by the subject of one of our recent meetings, Father Francis Donnelly of Philadelphia.
The marriage petitioner said Monsignor Marchesi.
The dreamer said Bishop LeMans.
Yes. You will also find in your folders an account of the unusual circumstances surrounding this photo and others like it. Please take time to read it.
A minute later Bishop LeMans spoke. Is Donnelly claiming a miracle, your Eminence?
No. He is simply reporting the results of some experiments but the obvious explanation is divine intervention. Father Donnelly is a respected scientist. We must take this seriously.
Its no potato chip, thats for sure, said Bishop Andersen. If this can be replicated it would be wonderful news. A modern miracle that would confirm Church doctrine.
I agree, said the Cardinal.
I dont want to be a cynic, said Bishop LeMans but isnt it possible that Father Donnelly sent us this to influence our decision on his petition to marry?
He didnt send it, Henri, said the Cardinal. It was sent to us by our friend in the  Philadelphia Archdiocese; someone who no doubthow do you say it in English Carlhas a tool to sharpen?
An axe to grind, Your Eminence.
Ah, a Vendetta, said the monsignor from Palermo, nodding his head with understanding.
"Perhaps," Tossi said. "I suspect he intercepted an email. I doubt Father Donnelly knows we have it.
 Your Eminence, Im not comfortable with this friend who quite definitely is no friend of Father Donnelly, said Monsignor Marchesi. Theft of email is just that, theft, and its a crime in the United States.
Im aware of that, Monsignor, but we did not solicit this information. We are not encouraging any theft and Im just guessing about the intercepted email. I dont know that for sure. Would you have me shred or delete mail before I read it on the chance that it contains information that was obtained in a manner we may not condone?
No, of course not. It just bothers me that we receive information anonymously that can affect Father Donnellys life and career without him having any input.
Your concern is duly noted, Monsignor, and I plan to give Father Donnelly an opportunity to provide that input.  Now, Bishop Andersen has stated that if Father Donnellys experiments can be replicated this is good news for the Church. I wonder if any of you see the possibility of a downside. 
The elderly Monsignor Puglisi of Palermo spoke softly. Can we go back to Bishop Lemans question your Eminence?
Of course, Giuseppe. Speak freely. 
Since we do not know the identity of our so-called friend, isnt it possible it could be Father Donnelly himself? Perhaps he does think it could influence our decision on his petition.
Influence it, how? Tossi asked.
By an implied threat, Your Eminence. The host used in these experiments was consecrated by Father Donnelly. What is to prevent him from repeating the same experiments with a host obtained from a Eucharistic Service in a Protestant Church and indirectly testing the validity of Protestant?
Before he could finish Bishop LeMans abruptly stood up. Jesus, Mary, and Joseph! This is the one who was formerly an Episcopal priest.
The other men sitting at the conference table got it at once.
That is my concern, Bishop, Puglisi said and, the Episcopal Church in America also ordains women.
Cardinal Tossi took off his glasses and leaned back in his chair with his arms folded and smiled. Ah, now we are getting somewhere. And, just exactly what is your concern, Monsignor?
 My concern, Your Eminence, is the possibility that the outcome of such experiments might
The Cardinal interrupted. Do you doubt the outcome of such experiments, Monsignor? 
Why why no, of course not. They would fail.
Of course. None of us doubt that, the Cardinal said still smiling. Murmurs of assent circled the table. 
 So why does everyone look so worried? I think I better have a talk with this Father Donnelly. 

Chapter 42- Eddy Is Our Man

If Sal and I were not making any progress with our cosmic ray investigations at least Angela Rossi and I had made some progress with the murder investigation. She called Monday afternoon. 
"Nice time at your place yesterday, Frank. Thanks for inviting me. You're a good host. Interesting neighbors too."
She didn't mention Sal so neither did I.
I found out something.  A Michael Jerome Eddy has a Pennsylvania drivers license. Born February 23, 1957. That would make him eleven years old in 1968 about the right age for a kid in the sixth grade. Six foot one. Brown eyes. Looks slim. Poor photo and its almost five years old. Philadelphia address in the Manayunk section of the city.
Not too far from where I live, I said. What about his car?
Vehicle registration is for, get this, a dark gray 2008 Ford Escape.
Bingo! I said. Didnt Monsignor Smith say he saw a gray SUV leaving St. Gabriels the morning of Sorokas death?
Indeed he did. And, I have something even better. Our crime scene guys went dumpster diving at St. Gabriels and found the plastic sleeve that the candle came in. They dusted it for prints and got a hit on Eddy. Hes a retired police officer: Atlantic City PD.  Now, have you picked up anything for me?
Just this morning. When I mentioned the name Michael Eddy to Tom Lacey it rang a bell. He checked and came up with some very interesting information. Eddy is the unofficial president of a radically conservative Catholic group called the Union of True Believers, the UTB. Theyre against almost every change introduced in the Church in the last forty years; the Mass in English instead of Latin, lay people giving out Communion, nuns who dont wear the traditional habits.  You name it. Eddy is a regular participant in protests outside abortion clinics and Planned Parenthood offices.
 Eddy has no record of violence but Tom said that the DAs office did a background check on him and some other members of the UTB a few years ago. Hes a former priest. After ordination he spent two years teaching religion at Nazareth College and was forced to leave the priesthood when it was discovered he was romantically involved with one of his students. He married the girl after she graduated.
I think we found your pen pal and as a former priest he'd know Latin, she said. 
And he might not be too happy about priests who are allowed to be married when he wasnt," I added "or happy about child molesters, rapists, actual criminals who are allowed to remain priests and escaped punishment because of the statute of limitations."
An avenging angel, she said.
It makes sense. Tom also said that Eddy now works part time as the local sales rep for a church supply company; furniture, tabernacles, chalices, crosses and crucifixes, prayer books, holy cards, that sort of thing.
And candles? 
And candles, I said. 
Do you have the name of the company? 
Hold it. I wrote in down somewhere. Here it is. Harrisburg Church Supplies. Is that enough to pick him up?
The homicide boys have been looking for him for questioning without any luck. They visited his wife and she doesn't know where he is. He sometimes would stay overnight when on the road but he would call her when he did. No call and she is worried.  Ill contact the Harrisburg company. They might know something.

When I hung up I noticed the email icon on my computer was blinking. It was a reminder that "pen pal" had not completely disappeared. PRIESTS SHOULD BE TRULY PRIESTSTHEY SHOULD NOT PLAY AT BEING POLICEDROP IT!  There was an attachment. The picnic photo again. This time Vicki had been digitally cut out of the photo.  Only a white ghostly outline of her remained. OK, I got it.  Get off his case. What do I tell Vicki? Make yourself scarce?  Get out of town before you are really erased?  The following weekend hats exactly what I did do, with help from an unexpected source.

Chapter 43- Flight 719

Our seats in the front of the plane were behind the bulkhead separating us from first class. With no seats in front of us I had plenty of leg room to stretch out. Vicki had the window seat and I was on the aisleabout as private as it gets on a jumbo jet. She had been taking notes since we boarded; what we ate, the attendants pantomime to the recorded safety instructions, a sketch of the cabin and its two-four-two seating arrangement. 
Another novel? I said. Murder on Flight 719?
Never can tell. Did you notice the two priests in the back of the plane?
On boarding I had nodded at the two in recognition of our shared vocation.
Ones a bishop, I said. 
Even better. They both look like rugged guys which gave me an idea for a story. Suppose there is a commotion by a passenger. The priest and the bishop go up to help the flight attendant who is trying to calm the passenger down. Everyone assumes they are reasoning with the passenger, but my heroine, an amateur sleuth on vacation with her parents, notices something unusual.
Priscilla, I said. Your sixth-grader.
Right. Priscilla spots a pistol in a hip holster when the bishops coat falls open. Now who are they? Priests? Terrorists? Vatican assassins?
"Assassins?"
"Or maybe sky marshals with a terrific cover.  Right away we have a mystery. Are they good guys or bad guys? What would you say?
Cant tell, I said. We dont know enough.
Okay, good. Next thing you know another flight attendant comes up to the group and Priscilla hears her say to the one dressed as a bishop, Do you need any help, Ben? She knows them.
Then the bishop is not a bishop, I said. It would be unlikely the stewardess would call him by his first name if he was.
Right again, Vicki said pointing an index finger at me for emphasis. Priscilla also notices that the stew is wearing high heels. She thinks thats odd so she follows her back to the galley pretending shes headed for the bathroom. She spots her fixing a drink and pouring something into the drink from a bottle with a label that reads in big red letters, WARNING.  
Poison! I said laughing.
OK, poison, Vicki said. Lets go with that. Now, whats the story? Who are these guys? Make something up that fits Pricillas observations.
All right. Let me see. How about this? The two are terrorists and the stewardess is in cahoots with them. She is fixing a drink to knock out a passenger who discovered who the guys were. Hows that?
Thats fine but youre wrong. The guys are sky marshals trying to calm a passenger who is having a seizure. The stewardess is fixing some medicine for the passenger.
Is she a doctor? I asked.
No, of course not.
Shes practicing medicine without a license.
Frank, its a story for kids.
OK. What about her high heels? I asked.
The shoulder bag with her comfortable working shoes was stolen at the airport lounge. Same observations, two different stories, terrorists versus sky marshals. Its the way I come up with plots for my stories. First I make up some facts. Then I make up a story to tie all the facts together. Throw in a few red herrings and I can get two or three stories that will fit the same set of facts. Thats what makes it fun to read.
Sounds simple, I said.
Its not. 

Our US Airways flight had left Romes Fiumicino International on time at noon and was scheduled to land in Philadelphia at 4:00 PM local time. Factoring in the time difference we were in for a 10 hour trip. Our tickets for a Friday flight over, and return Monday morning, had arrived by way of the diplomatic pouch to Washington and a young Jesuit messenger to my office. I was stunned by the polite request to visit Rome and meet with Cardinal Tossi to discuss my petition to marry and future plans. I say request but such a request from the Prefect of the CDF to a priest cant be refused. The invitation for Vicki to accompany me could be refused but she jumped at the chance for a weekend in Rome. Olivia, Joey, my mother, and Daisey all went to my sisters house just outside the city in Lafayette Hill for the weekend. Vicki had arranged for a sub to take her classes on Monday and I asked Joe to cover my Monday class and lab. 
The flight attendants were clearing away the remains of our meal and were passing out pillows to anyone who wanted to take a nap. Vicki took one for each of us and punched hers and put it behind her head.
 I still cant believe it, she said pushing the button on the arm of her seat to tilt the seat back and raise the foot rest. It was so easy. And Cardinal Tossi could not have been more gracious. It was hard to believe he was the same man who had signed that letter to you from the CDF.
The Cardinal had been impressive. About seventy years old with a full head of white hair he had risen from his desk to greet us as we were ushered into his office. Ramrod straight his patrician bearing added inches to a stocky frame. He greeted us both by name, shook my hand, kissed the back of Vickis hand, and held it sandwiched between his two hands as he inquired about the suitability of the accommodations he had arranged for her at a nearby convent. I had a room at the North American College, the seminary for elite candidates for the priesthood from North America.
The tea, the pastries, hes a real old world charmer, Vicki said. I had the impression though that it was a test, like when a big company is thinking of hiring an executive and they invite him and the wife to dinner so they can check her out. Make sure she doesnt look like a biker chick or have purple hair. Make sure I wouldnt cause a scandal. 
Well, if it was a test, you passed with flying colors. By the way you never told me about what happened when you went off with that nun.
She was an art historian and she gave me a very interesting tour of the building and a mini lesson in medieval paintings. I know it was to get me out of the way so you could have a private chat with the Cardinal. Was it all about us?
Partly. Mostly we talked about physics and a few theological issues. It seems the Cardinal has an interest in cosmic rays.
The kind that you and Georgina Rutherford are interested in?
Definitely those kind.
 Did you talk about bosons too?
Bosons too. The god particle. In fact he brought up the topic. Hes been following the progress of their discovery. He is interested in many kinds of experiments, those which have been performed and those which may yet be done, particularly those that may be very tempting for a priest/physicist. 
Youre being uncharacteristically coy, Frank, and you look like a kid that just raided a cookie jar. Did you make some kind of a deal? 
I believe the Cardinal thinks so.
And what about you?
His deal was fine with me.
 Vicki sat up and fluffed her pillow. Well if youre going to continue being so cryptic I think Ill take a nap. Why dont you do the same?  Kill some time. Do you realize that this will be just the second time we have slept together?
When was the first time?
Flight 718, the flight overcorrectionits the second time for me. Its the third time for you.
Oh really. How did you arrive at that imbalanced equation?
She turned toward me and tapped my temple with her index finger. Kimono, Frank. Think kimono.
Nothing happened with the kimono, I said.
Oh, but you wanted it to happen. You thought I was trying to seduce you. You were very disappointed. In your head you had already slept with me.
Hmm. In my head may count as a temptation but it doesnt count as a sleep over.
It does in the bible, she said smiling.
Now youre being cryptic.
Vicki looked at the ceiling and raised a finger. I tell you whosoever looks at a woman and wants to sleep with her has already slept with her in his heart.
Youve taken some liberties there. That passage is about adultery.
Well Im going to sleep and Im counting this as number two for me and number three for you. Here are a few thoughts to help you doze off. One of the first things Im going to do when we get back to Philly is look for a real kimono, not just a bathrobe that looks like one. Real silk. And a pair of those flip flops they wear. And, point of information, I will not be shopping for Bermuda shorts or sweaters. I won't be shopping for anything else.
You wont throw any DVDs at me?
I promise. You think about your reaction to tea ceremonies because the next one will be a faithful rendition of that French movie.
Those thoughts will keep me awake, not help me sleep. You know, Ive been thinking. The way science works is not too different from the way you write your mysteries. Frequently more than one hypothesis can fit the same set of facts. The Copernican hypothesis that the earth and other planets revolve around the sun and the older Ptolemaic one in which the sun and planets revolved around the earth are perfect examples. Originally both hypotheses could fit the facts, or the way they put it then, save the appearances; the appearances being the motions of the sun and planets as seen from the earth. The Copernican idea wasnt fully accepted until new observations were made of the planet Venus. You see, Vicki, Venus has phases just like the moon andVicki?
I must have a soothing voice. My lectures seem to put a lot of people to sleep.

Chapter 44- Dreams At 30,000 Feet

I put my pillow behind my head and pushed my seat back. Soon I was in that half awake state where it is difficult to distinguish between conscious reminiscing and dreaming: kimonos, French movies, tea ceremonies, breaking up, Martha. It all ran through my mind. It was last spring, right before finals. Martha had brought coffee for both of us and was sitting in my office. Thank God for Martha. Thank

 Tell me about it, Frank. 
 About what?
About your girlfriend. I heard you were finally dating someone.
Heard from whom?
Julie Thomson in Theater Arts. She has a grad student, a teacher who is dating you. At least thats what the girl told Julie. Vicki Meyers? Hello? Ring a bell? Did something go wrong? Youve been moping around here for days.
 Were just friends. I help her with science lessons in her teaching.
Thats all? Julie said she saw you both downtown a couple weeks ago near Independence Hallholding hands.
Ok, I might as well tell you. It might help.
You have my ear, Frank, as your friend and as a professional if you need that.
Vicki teaches sixth grade in the parish school where Im an assistant. When I first started at St. Elizabeths she asked me if I could do some science demonstrations for her class. I did and it became a regular thing as I helped her work some fun physics into the one period a week she was expected to teach science.  We became friends, at first through our children. Turns out we both liked to go to center city theaters that showed foreign films and we accidentally met one Sunday afternoon outside the Ritz at the Bourse.
Accidentally? 
Oh, I dont know. Maybe she had mentioned something about going there. It would have been ridiculous for two people who knew one another not to sit together. Watching a movie is so much better when you have someone to share it with, right?
Frank, you know how I feel. You dont need to justify anything with me.
I know. So, we began to occasionally go to movies together. My mother baby sat for us. Afterwards we would stop for coffee and talk or play games.
Play games? A little footsie?
Board games. Theres a small coffee shop near the Art Museum in Fairmount that has lots of board games. I taught her how to play chess. At least I think I did but I wonder. Occasionally she beats me when Im not trying to lose. Her favorite game though is Clue.
Martha got up from her chair and sat on the edge of my desk and folded her arms. This is getting interesting. What else?
Sometimes we would take a walk along the East River Drive down by Boat House Row and watch the boats on the river or just sit. She reads me things she is working on. Shes writing a play for her masters thesis. A locked room murder mystery. Fascinating story. Most of the time we had Olivia and her son Joey with us: playgrounds, the Please Touch Museum, the dinosaurs at the Academy, that sort of thing.
 So you two are dating.
I dont know if Id call it that.
 Well, when you go to the movies do you go in the same car, sit next to her, buy her popcorn?
 I like butter she doesnt.
You're dating. Are you in love with this friend?
Desperately.
Now were getting somewhere. Heres something that fascinates me. The priest who is the weekend assistant at St. Elizabeths is regularly visiting their sixth grade teacher and taking her out. No one notices this?
Some of the kids did. There were a few eighth grade girls that would talk to Vicki about girl stuffboyfriends, sex, my parents are ruining my life that kind of thing. She had a big-sister relationship with them. One day we were walking down the hall and a group of these girls giggled and tripped their way past us. Hi Mrs. Meyers. Hi Father Donnelly. Vicki said not to pay any attention to them. She said they thought I had a thing for her.  
And theyre right, Martha said.
Past tense, I said. I blew it.
What happened?
 Last Sunday we went into center city to see a new French film. When I took her home she asked me up to her apartment to get some DVDs she promised me. My mother had the kids for the afternoon.
Oh, Oh.
Let me finish. She went into the kitchen to make tea. A little later she came back with the tea on a tray. She was wearing flip flops and a robe that looked like a kimono and said, This is the only way to serve tea. That was a line from one of the scenes in the movie we just saw in which the French actress, wearing a kimono, proceeded to pour tea for her boyfriend and herself, add sugar, milk very formal, like a Japanese tea ceremony. Vicki started to act out this scene. 
Very dramatic. She takes her movies seriously. 
Yes. In the film the actress eventually sheds the kimono and shes naked. It was a prelude to a sex scene.
Wow. And youre, what, running for the door or waiting for her to drop the robe? The spirit or the flesh? A classic conflict.
Im afraid the flesh was definitely winning that battle.
Dont apologize to me for being human. Save that for the confessional. So, what happened?
She dropped the robe and I paused.
And what? Dont keep me in suspense.
And she saw my look of disappointment. She still was wearing her Bermuda shorts and sweater.
 Then what happened?
  I dont know. She got mad when she realized I thought she was trying to seduce me. I was embarrassed. I said the wrong things. Asked what I was supposed to think with her wearing a kimono after the movie we just saw.
You blamed the misunderstanding on her.
Yes. Then she said something like, I was serving tea, Franknot me. Its not my fault you expected Victorias Secret rather than J. Crew. Before things got even worse I headed for the door. She flung two DVDs at me and said, Make sure you slow-mo through the love scenes. You might learn something and dont bother to return them.
Cripes, no wonder she was mad at you. She plays out a fun way to serve tea and you assume she is trying to get you into bed. Did you call her and apologize?
I thought it best to leave it that way. I wasnt prepared to make a choice.
Between Vicki and the priesthood?
Yes. I want both and I cant have that. Now I miss her. She made me a better person just being around her. Im the priest but she is more Christ-likethe way she deals with people, and her students, with such kindness and understanding. My spiritual side is more intellectual. I have to stop and think my way through human scale problems. I would theorize about solutions to the problems of the homeless while Vicki would stop and talk to every bag lady we passed and hand them money. I felt morecomplete when I was with her.
 And you should be with her. I wish you had handled that situation a little better.
How?  I wish I had. I feel terrible about it.
You know those DVDs that include alternate endings and scenes? Okay, imagine you played the scene this way. When you found out you were an idiot, suppose you went over and hugged her and told her how sorry you were to cause her painsat her on the couchdried her eyes with your handkerchieflet her blow her nosetold her how much you loved hercan she ever forgive you? Ya-da, ya-da, ya-da. Hows that sound, Frank?
OK, but Im not the one that acted out the scene that led to my mistake.
Forget about that. It was your fault, not hers. For the finale, the next day you send her flowers and a card that says, Please forgive me. Can you agree that might have been a better alternative?
It probably would haveif I had thought of it at the time. Yes, I wish I had done something like that.
You still can. Send her the flowers.
Is that your professional advice, Martha?
No, thats my advice as a woman. My professional advice would cost you $150 an hour.
I skipped the professional advice and sent the flowers.

I drifted in and out of sleep. 
Flowersthe smell of cut flowers at a funeraltrying to comfort a family in their sorrowsaying the rosary at a wakeConnies wakewhy wasnt God with her that day?VickiOliviathreats from a killerwho?clues Colonel Mustardin the librarywith a knifeMichael Eddy?in a storeroomwith a candle?cosmic raysdivine or demonic? ladies and gentlemen
Ladies and gentlemen. Please secure your seat belts. The captain expects things to get a bit bumpy.
 Vicki raised her head from my shoulder. Are we there?
Not yet. I checked my watch. Two more hours to kill. 
How long did I sleep?
About an hour. You better not sleep any more or you wont be able to sleep tonight.
How about you? Did you get any sleep?
A dozed a little. 
Vicki fished her small notebook computer out of her carry-on bag. Ive got a chess program loaded on this. How about I beat you at a game?
I have another idea. Lets play detective.  Open up a blank Word document. Make a list of what I tell you.
Five minutes later we had a list of everything Angela Rossi and I had on Michael Eddy and what we discovered at St. Gabriels.
OK, Vicki said. Now what?
Now we put your precocious Priscilla character to work. What does she think of our hypothesis tying all of this together? Im not sure Angela and I have it quite right.
This sounds like fun, Frank. State your hypothesis as simply as you can.
All right, try this. Michael Eddy is pen pal. He has been sending me and others threatening emails. He murdered at least one priest cited in the 2005 Grand Jury Report and possibly another. Also, he attempted to kidnap Olivia and probably sent information to the CDF to try to harm me. Knowing the police are looking for him he has fled.
Let me get this down, she said typing quickly. Now, what is it that bothers you?
First of all, placing Michael Eddy at St. Gabriels the morning of the murder, I said.
You have a gray SUV leaving the parking lot about the time of the crime and Eddy drives a gray Escape, she said. What about that?
We only have Monsignor Smiths word on that.
You think he might be lying? But why? Dont forget, you also have Eddys fingerprints on the plastic sleeve the candle came in.
But Soroka was buying church supplies from Eddy, I said. That doesnt necessarily place him in the storeroom that morning.
True. Priscilla just thought of something else, Vicki said. The name Michael Eddy first pops up at Good Shepherd. You said Tom Lacey discovered that Soroka and Cinelli were stationed there in the sixties. An altar boy who was molested, a John Toner, said that another boy was molested and his name was Mickey, or something like that. Were those Toms exact words?
Yes, I think so.
Do you know if Tom was accurately quoting this guy Toner?
That I dont know.
When Detective Rossi searched the records for a possible Mickey she came up with Michael Eddy, Vicki said.
Right.
What about the something-like-that part? Mickey, Ricky, Dicky? Michael, Ricardo, Enrico, Richard?
Good point, I said. "I hadnt thought of that. Eddy's name would have come up anyhow though when his prints were found on the candle sleeve.
True, but as you pointed out, if the candle was purchased from Harrisburg Supply his prints should have been on it.
This Priscilla is pretty sharp, I said.
She has one more comment before I get up and stretch my legs.
Whats that?
You have no solid evidence at all that Michael Eddy is pen pal or Olivias wannabe kidnapper.
That was soon to change.

Chapter 45- I Need Joe's Help Again

After my first class on Tuesday I stopped in to see Joe.
Thanks for covering for me yesterday, Joe. I owe you one.
No problem. I left the tests on your desk.
How did the lab go in the afternoon?
No errant cosmic rays but one of the power supplies for the discharge tubes in the spectrometer experiment is shot. I replaced it and ordered a new one. I put the students' lab reports on the counter in the back of the lab. How was the Eternal City?
Great. We had a meeting with Cardinal Tossi on Saturday morning and were free the rest of the weekend. We did all the touristy things; the Vatican, Sistine Chapel, St. Peters, the Spanish Steps, the works. I showed Vicki the hotel we stayed in when I was a kid and my father was stationed in Europe.
So, your meeting went well?  I take it they didnt drum you out of the priesthood.
The meeting went very well. So well, Im going to need your help again.
Anything.
How are you at making toasts? I need a best man.
Fantastic!  Joe said leaping up from his desk and high-fiving me.
Congratulations! You do mean that they will let you remain a priest, right?
Right.
Unbelievable? A special exemption from the Pope himself? 
I dont need it. Cardinal Tossi chose to interpret my original exemption as covering my remarriage. He only asked that there be as little publicity as possible about the wedding.  The media could blow it all out of proportion. It does not represent an historic change in Church policy. The big news was years ago when I was ordained while I was married. This is just an extension of my exception, not a new thing.
Cmon Frank, you know that this is something new and revolutionary.
Thats the way they want to play it, Joe, and thats fine with us. Vicki and I dont want to be freaks; just a normal family. Weve been given that chance.
What made him change his mind? A little cosmic ray blackmail? Like what your experiments might reveal about a host consecrated by an Episcopal priest and, egad, a woman? he asked.
"I don't think it hurt my case." 
Wait till I tell Marge about this, Joe said. She said it would never happen.
I was beginning to give up hope myself.
When are you thinking?
We dont have a date yet. Soon. Probably between Thanksgiving and Christmas. Before they have a chance to change their minds. Vicki is making plans already. Her mother is coming up from Atlanta to help her.
Let me know if theres anything Marge and I can do.
"I will, Joe, and thanks again."

Back in my office I grabbed a brown paper bag from my fridge before heading to Munchkin House.  It contained a cheese sandwichfat free a pear, a small bottle of Poland Spring water, and a pack of tiny cupcakes. 
 Olivia's friend, Jason, was drawing on his paper placemat. He shoved the placemat toward me along with the half-eaten peanut butter and jelly sandwich resting on its corner. 
"That's a nice elephant, Jason."
Olivia, sitting next to me, peered over my arm.
"Dadeee, can't you tell a dinosaur from an elephant?"
I looked again. I guess it could be a dinosaur. "Jason, who's right, me or Olivia?"
"It's a T- Rex," he said, both palms up as if it couldn't be more obvious. "See his fat tail and his little arms, and big teeth? Elephants have skinny tails and long noses and no teeth."
"Yes they do have teeth. Their tusks are like teeth that went all crazy," Olivia said.
"Well they can't eat you like a T-Rex," Jason said.
"They can step on you and squash you, right Daddy?"
"They sure can."
"And stick you with their tusks" Jason said. "I saw some elephants in the zooand a baby dinosaurare you gonna eat your apple?"
Olivia answered by taking a big bite. Jason eyed my pear. Between chews Olivia said "You didn't seea dinosaur. They're dead."
"OK, then it was a dragon, a little baby dragon."
Olivia gave me her how-can-he-be-so-stupid look.
"It was a lizard, Jason. They look like dragons." 
Olivia stood up and brushed crumbs from her smock. "I saw some real dragons on TV. Kokomonga dragons"
"Kamoda dragons, " I said. "They're big lizards."
"Yep, really big and they slobber and have really bad breath," Olivia said.
Jason leaned forward and whispered. "Just like Mrs. Byucky!"
That triggered a round of giggles and a bout of hiccups from Jason. We sang the cleanup song and hit the Trash Monster. I said hello to Officer Ramirez on the porch as I left.
Things were looking up. My life was returning to some semblance of normality.

Chapter 46- A Bullet in His Head

When I returned to my office the voice mail from Angela, "Call me ASAP", reminded me that there were 
still some loose ends.  
I called.Whats new?
Lots. First of all Michael Eddy and his Ford Escape were found in a parking lot at Philadelphia International. He had a bullet hole in his head.
My God, what happened?
Looks like he tried to kill himself. Hes still hanging on in a coma down at Jefferson. Critical condition. Shot though the left temple with his service revolver. The bullet exited above his left eye and shattered the E-ZPass transponder on the windshield before it fell to the dashboard. He was lying across the center console and partially on the passenger seat and the floor. Keys in the ignition. Doors unlocked. Gun in his left hand. Rosary beads in his right. He was discovered early Sunday morning when a woman pulled into the space next to him. His laptop had the emails he sent you and others. Dozens of them.
I thought those emails were sent from public terminals.
Oh they were. He sent copies to himself. Also, it contained the pictures he stole from hacking in to your computer. No doubt about it, hes your pen pal.
Im both relieved and saddened. He must have been a tortured soul. Too bad you didnt get to him before this. Has he been charged?
Hes not going anywhere soon even if he survives. We certainly have him for the thefts of your pictures and for terroristic threats. A murder charge would be a little shaky. The DA wants more evidence.
I see. Any suicide note, confession, or anything like that?
No suicide note. Id say its highly likely he did Soroka. Im not sure if he played a role in Cinellis death. We dont even know if he was the mysterious visitor that day. We may never know if he dies. In the meantime you can rest a little easier.
Yes its good to have some closure. I was beginning to doubt that Eddy was our guy. Keep me posted on his condition, will you?
Sure thing.
Hey, do you know if Eddy is left-handed or right-handed? I asked.
Good question, Frank. Ill check.

Chapter 47- Planning the Wedding

Vicki and her mother were looking for a dress for the wedding. That seemed simple. I suggested they pick a color and go to a store and buy one. 
Frank, you dont understand how complicated this is. If I were looking for a bridal gown wed go right to a bridal shop. If I was looking for a nice dress, the kind Id wear to someone elses wedding wed go to Macys. Its this in-between area thats tough. More like a bridal party dress but not quite. In a shop in Conshohocken they kept showing me dresses that would be perfect if I was going to the senior prom. Its brutal.
Are you enjoying yourself, Vicki?
Immensely.
The in-between area was by the request of Cardinal Tossi and Archbishop Reilly. The wedding should be small but not private, modest not ostentatious, a significant event in St. Elizabeths parish but not a momentous event in the wider Church, an extension of a rare, but existing, Church policy, not something new; a little bit of everything and a lot of nothing.  We settled on a noon nuptial Mass at St. Elizabeths on the Saturday after Thanksgiving. Vicki and I would both be off from that Wednesday until the following Monday. We would save the honeymoon until Christmas vacation. The wedding party would be just Joe as my best man and Vickis sister Marie as her maid of honor. Olivia would be the flower girl and Joey the ring bearer. By his request Archbishop Reilly would officiate and celebrate the Mass. Our pastor, Monsignor Carey, and Tom Lacey would concelebrate.  This would send a message that the marriage was fully sanctioned by the Church. The parishioners would be invited and there would be an informal reception following the wedding in the parish hall. Ladies from the parish would take care of it. The girls in the parish school had something exciting to tweet about; the boys played it cool. 
Vicki and I were pleased with the plans. She could concentrate on the dress. My amusement about her dress dilemma disappeared when it became evident that what I should wear needed to be fine tuned. It took a conference with the Archbishop and Tom Lacey to decide. Should I wear clerical garb with a Roman collar, vestments, a suit and tie?  Archbishop Reilly zeroed in on a sensible approach. Marriage is a contract between a woman and a man, not a woman and a priest, or a woman and a professor. Vicki was marrying me, not the Church. We settled on the civvies; black suit and tie with the addition of a gold cross on a chain around my neck. Vicki would wear an identical cross. I liked the solution. Vicki thought it elegant. 
Domestic plans proceeded as well. Joey would get the third bedroom that I used for an office and Id move the office down to the large finished basement. The avocado appliances straight out of the seventies and the chipped Formica counter top in the kitchen would be replaced by stainless steel and granite. The vintage washer and dryer from my mothers old place would go. We would shop for larger ones. 
Figure two to three times the loads you were doing, "Vicki said.
 The bathroom and powder room were put on a wait list. The vertical blinds with the mismatched slats on the sliding doors to the patio had to go. A new bedspread replaced what Vicki referred to as that thing on your bed."  All our decisions were shared." I was familiar enough with married life to know what that meant. My share would be the technical aspects of purchases, like the horsepower of the garbage disposal unit, or the efficiency rating of the refrigerator. Vickis share included color, shape, texture, materialseverything visible. If the Vatican decreed tomorrow that all priests had the option of marriage I doubt many would survive it. I kid my celibate colleagues.  How many people with incomes near the poverty level have servants? Many of the priests I knew who lived in large rectories had cooks and housekeepers. I put Tom Lacey up for a week when the rectory where he lived was being painted. The first morning he sat at the kitchen table and asked what was for breakfast. I explained that breakfast was a do-it-yourself activity, mentioned the deleterious effects of eggs, bacon, and sausage on the arteries, and pointed to the Cheerios box smeared with grape jelly on the counter. The following day I put a clothes hangar on his bed with a sign which said Hanger." I put a similar sign on the floor which read Not a Hanger." Tom refers to that week as his week of domestic rehab.
 A week before Thanksgiving Michael Eddy came out of his coma. His doctors were cautiously optimistic about his recovery. Maybe we could get some answers after all. While driving home that day it hit me.

Chapter 48- E-ZPASS

 I called Angela Rossi on my cell. 
I just had an idea, I said.  Ive been thinking about that question of whether Eddy was Cinellis mysterious visitor. This may be nothing but you said he had E-ZPass. If he went to Shore Memorial from Philadelphia that day.
Hey, youre still cookin, Sherlock. Unless he used back roads hed have had to pass through some tolls. Ill see what I can find.
Two days later she got back to me. Frank, Ive been wading through Eddys E-ZPass records this morning. I subpoenaed records for July through October. I got July and Augusts. Still waiting for September and October. Their system is down for some reason. Good news so far. On the day of Cinellis death I have Eddy passing through the tolls on the Atlantic City Expressway at 10:02 AM. Twenty eight minutes later he got off the Garden State Parkway at exit 34; Somers Point.
 Thats only about a mile from Shore Memorial, I said.
Yes, and that afternoon, at 3:33 PM he passed through the AC Expressway tolls again heading back toward Philly and crossed the Ben Franklin Bridge at 4:15.
He was at Shore Memorial, I said.
Very likely. However, we still dont know what he was doing there. Its not a crime to dress in a black suit and Roman collar.
What about the syringe found on the floor? I said.
The residue in the syringe was from a saline solution. Plain old sodium chloride; the same stuff that was being fed into Cinellis left arm from a bag of it on a pole. And, if Eddy injected him, so what? A few more milliliters of saline wouldnt kill him. The DA is not impressed with my theory of Eddy as killer. He wants hard evidence. I dont have any. Ill check the E-ZPass record for the day of Sorokas murder as soon as I get the October list and also the day of your daughters attempted abduction.  In the meantime keep thinking, Sherlock. The game is still afoot and pray for the health of Michael Eddy. I want to ask him some questions. By the way, I asked Eddys wife that question of yours. Hes right-handed.
 Another loose end," I said.
Right, Angela said. Why would he shoot himself with his left hand?

Chapter 49- Good Shepherd

I shared the DAs caution. OK, Eddy was pen pal and Eddy visited Cinelli, but was he a killer? Linking Eddy to Sorokas death was still shaky. TV cops always make a list of suspects and stick pins in a map on a wall in the squad room. I settled for my laptop and started my own list:
1. Tom Lacey found that Cinelli and Soroka were both stationed at Good Shepherd in the late sixties and both were abruptly transferred.
2. An altar boy, John Toner, was abused by Cinelli and claimed that a younger boy was alsoa boy named Mickey" or something like that.
3. Angela Rossi connected the Mickey nickname to another altar boy at Good Shepherd, Michael Eddy. We assume that Eddy was abused by Cinelli also, in which case he might not be happy with abuser priests. He starts to harass them with the Priests-Should-be-Truly-Priests emails.
4. Michael Eddy heads a radically conservative Catholic group. He might see himself as a vigilante.
5. Eddy was booted out of the priesthood because of an affair with a woman he later married. I was allowed to be a priest and be married; something he was denied. Maybe thats why I got added to his email list.
6. Michael Eddy, dressed as a priest, probably visited Cinelli at Shore Memorial the day he died. What was he doing there? Did he have anything to do with his death?
7. Monsignor Smith saw a gray SUV leave St. Gabriels the morning of Sorokas murder. Eddy drives a gray SUV. Eddys prints were on the plastic sleeve that probably held the candle used as a murder weapon.
I highlighted items three and seven on the list and changed the color of the type to red. If Michael Eddy was the killer he had to be Mickey and the gray SUV had to be his gray Ford Escape. Before I powered down the laptop I added one more item to my list.
8. If Eddy was pen pal and the killer, why did he send the threatening email to Soroka after his death? Soroka was murdered in the morningthe email arrived in the afternoon. Either Eddy was not the killer and unaware of Sorokas death or, if he was, the email was the red herring suggested by Angela; a purposeful deception.  I decided to pay a visit to Good Shepherd. I could get there from PaCom in about fifteen minutes.

  Angela was right. The nuns at Good Shepherd were organized. After checking in with the pastor I found the altar boy files from the sixties without any trouble and pulled the Sunday Mass assignments for 66, 67, and 68. There was a separate sheet of names for each month. I moved some boxes from a dusty table under a small window, laid the sheets out, dialed in macro mode on my digital camera, and photographed each sheet. Fifteen minutes later I had thirty-six photos; one for each of the months for 66, 67, and 68. I put the sheets back in their folders, and left. 
That night I transferred the photos from the camera to my laptop and went though each list, copying and pasting to a separate list any name that remotely might warrant the nickname Mickey or  something like that".  Beside each name I put the boys grade level in 1968. Michael Eddy was the only Michael." My list now included:
John Toner (8)
Michael J. Eddy (6)- Mickey?
Charles Magee(7) and Charles B. Chelius (8) possible Chick or Chicky
Richard A. Daniels (6) and Richard Soltis (8)possible Rick, Dick, Ricky or Dicky.
Nicholas Falgiatore (7) and Dominic G. Smith (7) possible Nick or Nicky
Victor Marchei(7)possible Vic or Vicky.
John Toner had told Tom that he thought the other boy was younger, probably in sixth or the seventh grade. That ruled out the two in the eighth grade and left five names. Before I went to bed I sent an email to Angela with an account of what I did at Good Shepherd and the list of the five new names and the question, What do you think?
When I checked my email the next morning the curt reply from Angela read:
>Can Tom Lacey find out anything on these people from diocesan or high school records?  
AR
>'P.S. I would have gone with you if you had asked.
Oh, oh. 
I replied:
>'My badmea culpa.  Sorry if I stepped on you toes. Ill check with Tom.
FD

Chapter 50- A New Email

On the Monday of Thanksgiving week I got an email with the subject line, PRIESTS SHOULD BE TRULY PRIESTS. The message was TWICE WED = TWICE DEAD. 
It was sent from a gibberish hot mail account. I got a call from Angela Rossi five minutes after I forwarded it to her.
This is bad news, she said. It wasnt sent by a man in the hospital.
What if Eddy composed it weeks ago and put it on a delay for sending? I asked.
Uh, uh. He wouldnt have known you were getting married. No, Frank, someone else sent this. We have to take the threat seriously. I wish your wedding wasnt going to be so public. Anyone can walk into that church.
Well, its too late for us to change things now. Its probably just something meant to scare me anyhow.
I hope so. Let me make a few calls to see if I can arrange some security.
It took about an hour for her to call back. 
Frank, two uniformed officers from the ninth district will show up a half hour before the wedding. One will direct cars into the parking lot off Green Street and the other will stand on the side of the church steps.
Do you think this is necessary, Angela?
Its not a SWAT team, Frank. Captain Mullen planned to assign one officer for traffic duty anyway. He said weddings at St. Elizabeths jam up traffic in the area. The idea is just to have a visible police presence as a deterrent. Of course Ill be there too.
Hey, youre a guest, Angela. I didnt want to put you to work.
Ill be a guest, Frank. But a trained observer too. Remember? Police and scientists?
Thanks for doing this, Angela.
No problem. Heres a piece of good news for you. I went through Michael Eddys impounded SUV with a fine-toothed comb yesterday and found some four by six index cards clipped to the back of his sun visor. On one he had listed an appointment with Father Soroka for 8:30 AM on the day of his death. The notation read, Del Cdls & col bsks. Im thinking deliver candles and something else.
How about collection baskets? There were some new ones in the storeroom.
That works. Anyhow, we have Eddy at the scene of the murder. Hell be charged.
A little early, though, I said. Monsignor Smith didnt see the SUV leave until ten-thirty.
Maybe he arrived late or just hung around, she said. Now relax and enjoy your own wedding, Frank. Ill see you Saturday.
I was enjoying it. Olivia and I were to meet Vicki and Joey at five oclock at the King of Prussia Mall to buy outfits for the flower girl and ring bearer.

Chapter 51- The Wedding Day 

On Saturday Olivia and I picked up my mother on the way to Saint Elizabeths. 
Daddy and Aunt Vicki are getting married today, Grandma, and Im the flower girl.
I know sweetheart, isnt that wonderful. Youre going to have a new mommy and Joey will have a new daddy.
Just like the other kids at Munchkin House. Mommies like to play with dolls too but dont worry, Grandma, Ill still play with you.
Oh, Im glad, Olivia. Youll have Joey to play with too.
Joey doesn't like my dolls. He has Action figures.  Ninja Turtles and Power Rangers boy dolls.""
"Remember my G.I. Joe toys, mom? Very similar," I said as I made a right onto Green Street.
 Theres Joey and his grandma and pop pop on the steps, and Aunt Colleen, and Uncle Stephen, and Grace.
People were already going into the church. I dropped my mother and Olivia off, waved to my sister and brother-in- law, and was directed into the parking lot by the policeman. Another officer stood at the top of the steps to the Churchs side entrance. He looked bored. Angela Rossi was on the sidewalk across the street talking on her cell phone and looking at roof tops. I parked in back of the church next to Archbishop Reillys Buick. About half a dozen priests were standing in a group near the back door to the church, some of them smoking. The Archbishop had invited priests from the surrounding parishes to attend. He wanted no question about the legitimacy of the marriage.
 I went over to the priests and thanked them for coming. A few made typical bachelor comments about balls and chains and the effects of marriage on ones golf score. The youngest priest asked me what my secret was. How did I convince the Vatican to let me marry?
Cosmic rays, Vince, cosmic rays, I said as I headed for the back door. 
Vince shouted, What are you talking about?
 Call me and Ill explain, I said taking the steps three at a time. The door led directly into the sacristy behind the altar.
The Archbishop, Tom, and Monsignor Carey were putting on their vestments. Last chance to back out, Frank, Archbishop Reilly said smiling as he tied the long rope-like cord of the cincture around his waist. 
Not a chance, sir. I dont want to disappoint the CDF.
That got a laugh from everyone. I took the Archbishops richly embroidered gold outer vestment, the chasuble, from its hanger and held it up. Let me help you with this.
Thank you. Ill keep my homily short, Frank. As part of it Ill read the original letter to my predecessor granting you the papal exception to be ordained and remain married. Ill also read this short letter from Cardinal Tossi extending the exception to this marriage. I want everything out in the open to avoid speculation, Ok?
Thats fine, sir. I agree.
Good. He checked his watch. Now get out of here. Its ten minutes to twelve. If were lucky your bride wont be too late.
Oh she wont be late, sir. I know the woman Im about to marry.

Chapter 52- Get Down! 

Joe Amanti and I stood waiting near the altar and watched the last guests being seated. Two parishioners were serving as ushers. Vickis mother was escorted up the aisle and the church became quiet. The two ushers rolled the white carpet runner down the center aisle. 
At exactly twelve oclock the first note of the organ sounded. Olivia, in a white dress, black patent leather slippers, and white sox with little ruffles around the ankles started up the aisle with her basket of flowers, tossing pink rose petals onto the white runner with a flourish. She accented the slow cadence of her walk with giggles and an occasional skip. Joey, dressed in khaki slacks and a blue blazer, took his role more seriously. He balanced the two velvet ring boxes in the lid of a shoe box covered in wedding gift wrap and a pink bow. The silk pillow he was supposed to carry didnt work out well in rehearsal as the ring boxes kept sliding off. Joey looked straight ahead wearing a permanent frown. Vickis sister, the maid of honor, followed and when she was about halfway down the aisle Vicki started on the arm of her father. 
Smiling from ear to ear Vicki wore a pink, silky dress that came down just below her knees, a short veil, and pink shoes with a medium length heel. The only jewelry was the diamond stud earrings borrowed from her sister and the small gold cross I gave her for a wedding present.
The florist had constructed a nosegay from white roses piled on Vickis old First Holy Communion prayer book. Thin baby blue ribbons trailed from it. An angel lacking only wings.
The Archbishop, Tom, and Monsignor Carey stood on the altar facing the center aisle, their hands folded. The guest priests stood on each side of the altar. Joe Amanti and I stood at the bottom of the altar steps. Out of the corner of my eye I caught a late arriving priest hustling out of the sacristy adjusting his vestments. 
As Vicki neared the end of the aisle the Archbishop stepped forward and Vickis father handed his daughter off to me. Vicki took my arm and we turned and faced the Archbishop. He began to speak.
Victoria and Francis, family and guests of the bride and groom, Monsignor Carey,  parishioners of Saint Elizabeths, the teachers and good sisters of St. Elizabeths, students of the bride, and my fellow priests. Today we.
Stop! Get down! Get down! Angela Rossi was running up the center aisle. The two uniformed policemen were running up the side aisles. Half way up the aisle Angela reached into her leather shoulder bag and dropped to one knee, holding the Glock automatic with two hands.  
Vicki! Get Down! she shouted again.
I felt like I was hit by a truck as Joe Amanti slammed into me and Vicki and the three of us hit the marble floor. Two shots rang out in quick succession. I covered Vicki with my body and turned my head in the direction of the sound from the collapsing folding chairs set up for the visiting priests. Monsignor Smith was sprawled on the floor in the midst of them covered in broken glass from the sanctuary light hanging from the ceiling; the light shattered by the bullet intended for Vicki. The gun he had been holding slowly spun amidst the shards of glass on the sanctuary floor. Now I knew who Angela had been aiming at. The two uniforms were on him immediately. Smith was conscious and there was a growing bloodstain on the front of his white alb like a liquid red rose in his lapel. 
Angela Rossi ran onto the altar and stood in front of Smith. She put the Glock 40 back in her bag.
 D. Gregory Smith, also known as Dominic G. Smith she said nodding her head at me, you are under arrest for the murder of Father Albert Soroka and the attempted murders of Victoria Meyers and Michael Eddy. You have the right to remain silent  The people trying to get out of the church, realizing that the danger was over, stopped to watch the drama unfolding on the altar.
The ambulance arrived ten minutes later. The archbishop was great. Just another routine day in the life of your local clergy and the Philadelphia Police Department, folks, he said from the pulpit. Now, before we were so rudely interrupted, I think we had a wedding going on. There will be a slight change in venue. We are now sitting in what I believe is called a crime scene. The police want us to leave so we are moving over to the parish hall to finish what we started. There are tables and chairs set up for the reception so you can all sit down for the ceremony. We will exit down the center aisle and out the main entrance and cross over .
Pop pop?
Olivia was standing in front of the pulpit.
Reilly looked down.
Yes Olivia.
Can I throw my flowers? I have a lot left.
Olivia and Joey led the procession. Olivia tossed flowers and skipped. This time Joey skipped too. Everyone thought it was the best and certainly most exciting wedding the parish ever had. 

Chapter 53- The Reception

At the reception following the ceremony I spotted Angela surrounded by a group of boys and girls from the parish school. I went over to rescue her.
Can we see your gun?
How many people have you shot?"
 "Jever kill anybody? 
"Ever stick anybody's head in a toilet to make them talk?"
Do you do Karate?
Sorry guys, I said. I have to borrow Officer Rossi now. Police business.
I took Angelas arm and steered her toward the table with the wedding cake constructed by Vickis students out of dozens of cup cakes. The top layer was crowned with a plastic bride and groom. 
Thanks Frank. I was breaking under the third degree. I think those kids are watching too much TV.
Youre the local hero. I have a lot of questions of my own.
Fire away, she said, handing me a cup of pink lemonade and ladling one for herself out of the big punch bowl.
How in the world did you discover that Smith was the killer?
A lie and your list of altar boys at Good Shepherd, she said taking a sip.
What lie?
Last night I finally managed to get Michael Eddys E-ZPass record for October. On the day of Sorokas death he entered the Pennsylvania Turnpike at King of Prussia at 10:42 AM and exited an hour later at Allentown.  I checked my notes and Monsignor Smith told us that the gray SUV he spotted left the parking lot at 10:30. He was sure of the time because he said the clock had just chimed the half hour. Now if that SUV was Michael Eddys there is no way he made the forty miles to King of Prussia in 12 minutes. So Smith lied or the gray SUV was not Eddys.
Or Smith was mistaken about the time, I said. Smith said the clock chimed the half hour. Maybe it was 9:30.
That wouldnt jive with his luncheon date, she said.  Monsignor Smith said he left the rectory soon after he saw the SUV to pick up a friend in Newtown Square at 11:30. This morning, when I was standing outside the church, Father Mahon, Smiths friend at St. Benedicts in Newton Square, returned my call and confirmed that Smith had picked him up about 11:30 on the day of the murder. It would take him about 45 minutes to get from St. Gabes to St. Benedicts. That squares with the 10:30 time on the clock; 9:30 would be too early. Thats when I suspected Smith was lying about the SUV. Also, I remembered that Smith didnt give us the story about the SUV until after you discovered the broken candle.  But I still wasnt sure. The gray SUV could have been owned by a parishioner dropping off something for the clothing drive.
How does the altar boy list fit in?
Just as your bride pulled up to the church a black Lexus pulled into the driveway, stopped, and the driver asked Officer Ortiz a question. We saw a black Lexus in the driveway of Smiths rectory. I took the plate number and used the computer on the dashboard of the squad car to check the tag. It was registered to Dominic G. Smith.
D. Gregory Smith - Dominic G. Smith, I said and there was a Dominic G. Smith on my altar boy list
Right. So now I added the possibility that Smith was 'Nicky' in grade school to the possibility he was lying about the SUV.
 And if he was Nicky, I said, then he could have been the one abused by Cinelli as a boy.
Abused by Cinelli or Soroka. I think it was Soroka. Toner just said he thought a younger boy was abused  He didnt know who was the abuser. And if it was Soroka then Smith had a motive to kill him. It was too much to ignore so I briefed the other officers and we went into the church. It turns out, just in time. I could see Smith on the altar struggling with something under his outer robe. You two were lucky. I could see the gun caught in that rope around his waist. That gave me just enough time to warn you before I dropped him. Incidentally, hell survive to stand trial. Its a shoulder wound. Theyll be an Internal Affairs investigation of the shooting. There always is but the two veteran officers that were with me can testify to the fact that Smiths gun was pointing at Vicki  and you when I fired.
So can a church full of people, I said. Ill tell you something, youll never have to worry about not being considered a real cop again.
She laughed. Yeah, no more virtual cop jokes. I think youre supposed to dance with your bride now. Ill talk to you later.
I saw Vicki standing near the student disc jockey and waving to me. I put my empty cup on the table as Louis Armstrong began to sing "What a Wonderful World."

Chapter 54- The New Normal

It was well into January before all the pieces fell into place. Michael Eddy was in rehab and doing well. It looked like the loss of his left eye would be the only permanent effect of the shooting.  The only charge he faced was the one for theft of my emails. Michael felt betrayed by Smith, whom he thought was his friend. He would be the chief witness for the prosecution if Smith is ever brought to trial. Smith faced charges of murder, attempted murder, attempted kidnapping, and of making terroristic threats. Hes in bad shape mentally, not physically and has made a full confession, many of them, to the Pope no less. All day he paces his padded cell.  Bless me Holy Father for I have sinned 
Vicki was doubled up on the bedroom chair, her chin resting on one knee fanning her just painted toenails with her hand.
"Guess what?" she said squeezing the words between her teeth. "I saw Angela at registration last night. She's taking a computer sci course on the same night as my writing course. We had a little talk."
"Oh?"
 "About your friend, Sal. There's a lot we didn't know about them, Frank, and it's partly our fault. We shouldn't have invited them both to see the game that Sunday."
"Why not? They're both our friends."
"You should have made it clear that Sal was a priest when you introduced them."
"I didn't introduce them. Sal introduced himself."
"Well he should have said he was a priest."
"When you meet some one do you say 'How do you do? My name is Vicki Meyers. I'm a teacher?"
"No, but if I was talking to someone for three hours I could certainly work it into the conversation. What luck. Angela  meets a great looking Italian guy who is not married, not divorced, not gaywho she says is definitely not gayand he's a priest. These are almost dry," she said looking at the toes. " You know, I don't understand him and I still dont fully understand exactly what happened over the past few months.
Happy to change the subject I said, Well jump over here and Ill tell you a bed time story.
Dont skip any pages, Frank
Not a one. It started when Eddy and Smith were altar boys at Good Shepherd.
Way before I was born, she said snuggling closer.
Way before. Smith was sexually abused by Father Soroka and probably abused by Cinelli too.
I thought it was Michael Eddy who was abused by Cinelli.
Thats what we originally thought based upon our assumption that Eddy was the Mickey mentioned by Toner and the fact that Toner was abused by Cinelli. Eddy was never abused himself but he knew about the abuse of other boys.
Were Eddy and Smith friends at Good Shepherd? she asked.
No. They probably knew each other but Smith was in the seventh grade when Eddy was in the sixth. After high school Smith went directly to St. Charless seminary and Eddy went into the Navy for four years. After the navy Eddy entered St. Charles. He would have been five years behind Smith so
So, they still didnt have much contact, she said.
Right. After their ordinations their careers took different paths. Eddy left the priesthood was forced out actually to marry a former student. Smith was sent to Rome for an advanced degree in theology and then was made a monsignor at an early age. He was on a path that could easily have led to being made a bishop.
What happened?
He was derailed by lovethe parish secretary where he was pastor. They had an affair but Smith opted to remain in the priesthood rather than marry. The secretary was devastated. There was a scandal. Good bye fast track to a bishopric, hello St. Gabriels.
Eddy gave up the priesthood for the woman he loved. Smith gave up the woman he loved for the priesthood, Vicki said. Love stories with two different endings.
And both of them were mad that the third option was denied them; the one I had when I was ordained and married to Connie.
Why you and not them, right? No wonder you were on their radar screen.
Eddy and Smith reconnected when Eddy started his job as the church supply rep. Eddy bragged about his connection with the Union of True Believers and his email harassment of errant priests. Smith encouraged him to make actual threats and to add me to the list, the only married priest in the Archdiocese. He also encouraged Eddy to visit Cinelli at Shore Memorial and pull the plug on the pervert.  Eddy planned to just give him a good scare but the plan backfired. He said that he told Cinelli he was going to inject him with a lethal solution of potassium chloride. He actually had a harmless solution of sodium chloride in his syringe. Eddy certainly succeeded in scaring Cinelli. He literally scared him to death.
Geez, Frank, Priscilla would love this story. How did Father Soroka fit in?
When the 2005 Grand Jury report fingered Soroka as a sexual abuser of minors he was forced into retirement. Smith volunteered to let him live at St. Gabriels. Soroka never knew that Smith was one of the altar boys he had abused. Smith took his revenge by treating Soroka like dirt. He had him clean the church each week, wash his car, even scrub the toilets in the bathrooms. Smiths mistake was to let Soroka handle the storeroom and the church supplies.
Why?
Apparently Soroka decided to transfer the parish records to a computer data base and in the process discovered Smiths private IRA. Soroka had confronted Smith with his discovery that fateful morning and paid for it with his life. A forensic audit of the financial records in Sorokas laptop revealed that someone was skimming money from the Sunday collections. The police originally thought it was Soroka. The financial records, which Smith had removed from the storeroom after the murder and had hidden in the rectory attic, revealed that it was actually Smith. When I showed up with Angela Rossi he pretended not to know who I was and when we discovered that Soroka was murdered with the candle he tried to throw suspicion onto Michael Eddy with the SUV story.
So Eddy was not at St. Gabes the morning of the death.
He was there. He had met with Soroka early in the morning and delivered the new candle and some collection baskets. Eddy claimed he left before nine oclock and went to visit a customer in Allentown. When he was there he sent the two oclock email to Soroka. He had no idea Soroka was dead. It was after Eddy left St. Gabes that Smith killed Soroka.  The coroner estimated death to be around ten oclock. Smith picked the ten-thirty time for the SUV story to be compatible with that time.
Why did he try to kill Eddy?
As soon as Eddy read that Soroka was murdered and that the police wanted to question him, he figured out what had happened. He went to St. Gabes to confront Smith. Eddy said he wanted to convince Smith to give himself up to the police and clear him and if that failed to arrest Smith himself. He had his old service revolver with him. Somehow Smith got the gun, forced Eddy to drive to the airport, shot him, staged it to look like a suicide, and left him for dead. Smith then took the shuttle van from the parking lot to the airport terminal, got the train into center city, and the trolley out to St. Gabes. Thats the point at which Smith should have called it quits. He thought Eddy was dead, the only one who knew he was the killer, and that we believed Eddy was guilty. Instead he sends me a threatening email which I cant possibly believe came from Eddy since he was in a coma. 
Crazy. But what did Smith have against me? Vicki asked.
Smith was over the edge and not acting rationally. In his mind he had solved two of his problems with murder and I was responsible for his present troubles.
Which he could solve by getting rid of you.
Or, punish me by hurting you, or Olivia. It was Smith who was at Munchkin House.
"Was Smith the shooter at St. Elizabeth's?"
"He confessed to it, but it's iffy. He couldn't tell the police what kind of gun he used, or where he took the shot from and the rifle has not been found."

"What about that bishop? The one who gave you all that trouble?
Bishop Schmidt? Apparently neither Eddy nor Smith had any connection to him. Although I still think he might have been the one feeding information to the CDF about me."  
Well, its all over now, Frank. We can relax. By the way, did Georgina Rutherford ever do that experiment you wanted her to do?"
"Not exactly, but she did help resolve the cosmic ray mystery. It suddenly disappeared." 
"Did you tell Cardinal Tossi?
"He never asked."
I thought you said you made a deal with him.
He thought so."
You devil, she said punching my shoulder. You let him believe you were going to do that experiment with Georgina. I'm glad it disappeared. I think it upset you."
" I was bothered that I had no scientific explanation for it."
You had a divine explanation.
I did. Georgina had a different explanation. Let's say we both had a 'supernatural' explanation; one designed to push the CDF into letting us get married."
I saw no need to scare Vicki with any talk about the devil.
A marriage made in heaven" she said smiling. I like that idea; a divine push. Read your book for a minute, Frank. Ill be right back.

The first indicators that I was going to lose some sleep that night were the wet pink toenails peeking out of the bathroom door. She sashayed into the room twirling the cord from her half opened kimono, threatening to shed it with a tug and a shrug. A cigarette (no a toothbrush) dangled from her parted crimson lips. She stopped at the bottom of the bed. Her voice? If a clarinet could whisper it might be close.
Listen, handsome. Its raining cats and dogs. My car broke down in front of your house. My triple A membership has expired. I was wondering if you could give a ladya push.
Later I showed Vicki what I had written.
"A clarinet, huh? I like that. You're improving, Frank"

Epilogue

Sal and I were sitting in the back booth of a pub in Chestnut Hill with the remains of a pepperoni pizza and two bottles of Sam Adams between us. He had called me with an idea about the cosmic ray problem. I owed him an explanation.
"An exorcism? You can't be serious."
I wiped tomato sauce from my mouth and shrugged. "No more unexplained tracks in the cloud chambers, consecrated host or not. It was Georgina's idea. Remember that day when we did the Cavendish experiment and she proposed her 'demonic' hypothesis? An outrageous suggestion like that deserves to be tested out experimentally, and that is exactly what we did. We certainly weren't getting anywhere with a scientific explanation."
"And Archbishop Reilly went for this?" Sal asked. "You'd need a bishop's approval to perform an exorcism."
"I didn't do it. Georgina did. A DIY operation.  She performed the Catholic Rite of Exorcism."
"Holy smokes, Frank, either you just hit on a coincidence and the phenomenon went away on its own or you caught the devil by the tail. What do you think?"
"I'm content to let Georgina take the credit," I said taking another slice of pizza.
"That doesn't answer my question, Frank. What do you think happened?"
I chewed thoroughly before answering. 
"The phenomenon appeared spontaneously and disappeared spontaneously. The disappearance happened to coincide with Geogina's exorcism. That's what I think most likely happened. Still?"
"Still some doubt remains," Sal said. "I'm disappointed though. The weird physics of the whole cosmic ray business was fascinating."
"It was fun for a while, wasn't it? And on the chance that Georgina's exorcism really did do the trick Tom pointed out a bonus. According to canon law the only one who can do an exorcism is a validly ordained priest."
Sal downed the remainder of his beer and said. "So, Georgina performs the rite, it works, ergo, her ordination is just as valid as mine or yours," 
"Which Georgina never had any doubt about in the first place. As for challenging the Catholic Church's contention that all ordinations in the Anglican community are invalid, though, our questionable exorcism experiment is worthless. Georgina and I were the only witnesses and the experiment is not reproducible."
"But we know that the errant cosmic rays are gone," Sal said. "Who else knows?"
"Just Tom Lacey and Joe Amanti; five altogether including me and Georgina."
"Exactly when did you do this?" Sal asked.
"Right before Vicki and I went to Rome to meet with Cardinal Tossi."
"Did you tell him about it?"
"Nope. I didn't want to give up my main bargaining chip in my quest to marry Vicki. Tossi didn't askI didn't tell."
"So Tossi still thinks the original experiment you had planned with Georgina to test the validity of her ordination may still be in the works."
"Right."
Sal smiled as our waitress put down two fresh bottles of beer.
"Thank you. We'll take a check when you get a chance," he said to her. "Tossi found about the experiment in the first place from that email you sent me."
"That's the only way he could have known."
"And he also knows that I'm a physicist and capable of carrying out the experiment with Georgina myself."
"A nice insurance policy," I said. "Case you ever have trouble with the CDF." 
"Or, if I need to petition them for anything. By the way, I'm sorry I didn't get back to you about the Eagles' games. I know I promised to let you use one of the season tickets I inherited from my brother-in-law."

I pretended not to have guessed what happened to the tickets. "I figured you have so many cousins and"
"Not my cousins. Angela Rossi. I took Angela to the games."
Sal grabbed the check. "My treat" he said and tilted his bottle toward me. "Your petition to marry, Frank, how was that actually worded?"

###

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Dr. Frank A. Smith spent most of his professional career as Professor of Physics at West Chester University in Pennsylvania. He is the author of numerous papers in professional journals and of a video study guide for introductory college physics. This is his first novel. In addition to his tenure at West Chester University Dr. Smith has been an adjunct professor at Temple University, Gwynedd-Mercy College, and Philadelphia University. He resides with his wife in West Chester, Pa and Ocean City, NJ.
He can be contacted at :  fsmith@wcupa.edu


