


Falling

by 
Mark Z. Kammell


SMASHWORDS EDITION


*****


PUBLISHED BY:

Mark.Z.Kammell on Smashwords


Falling
 Copyright 2011 by Mark Z. Kammell. 


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your
friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial
purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this
book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank
you for your support.
* * * * *


Chapter 1 
I had my first epiphany on the motorway. At six in the morning, I stopped as the dawn broke on the brow of the hill, mist covered the fields and trees below as it struck me like a vision. All the cars were slowing down but I was the only one to stop, pulled over on the hard shoulder, sat on the bonnet watching the mist uncurl and wrap itself around me, the cold seeping into my pores as the sunlight set my brow on fire. 
I left my car then and oblivious to the traffic allowed the mist to lead me into the centre, crossing over the barriers, to a hazy white field with a large, white, stone platform there in the middle. On the platform was the statue of a unicorn, rearing up on its hind legs, face aggressively to the sky, and sat round it was a group of children watching it silently as I came in there, broke the circle and reached out to touch it. The eyes of the unicorn, grey and cold, turned to seek me out and a womans voice, husky and seductive, whispered to me what would happen next. 


Chapter 2
I dont know what happened next. I dont understand, still, how I ended up here. The room is bare and white, but completely clean, spotless. I sit on a white leather chair, against a white metal table, which is bare except for two white mugs, the only reason theyre visible is because of the blackness of the coffee still inside them. Another chair, empty, sits opposite me. Tentatively I reach out and take the first mug, sip at the coffee, and wait. 


Chapter 3 
Hello, again, Mark
I am staring at the man I dont recognise, as he smiles warmly, sitting comfortably in the second leather chair. His teeth glint in the light. His eyes are covered by sunglasses. This makes me nervous. And my names not Mark
A spider crawls slowly towards me. Its eyes glint in the white fluorescent light. It crawls deliberately across the white marble floor as if it has a purpose in life, except to just die.
The man puts something on the desk, I think he gets it from a case by his side, hes waiting but I am too fascinated by the spider to pay much attention, and anyway my head is hurting. I can feel this kind of connection start to build between us, as our eyes lock. 
Err, Mark, would you look at this photo please? a slight hesitation from him, a sign of weakness obviously and hes not as composed as I think he is. I glance at him quickly, before reverting my gaze to my new friend. I am sure I saw a trace of sweat on his forehead. 
Spiders really are fascinating creatures.


Chapter 4
My names not Mark I say, still not looking at him. The spider has crawled up the leg of the table now, and is moving tentatively across the smooth white surface towards a piece of paper (a picture, I think) in front of the man. As I trace its steps in my mind I realise that I am now looking at, actually a photograph, of a car. A very nice car, in fact, glossy, black and sporty, a shame that its nose has been crumpled. Its my car, in fact, I realise and I find myself hoping that this is the before picture and were actually sitting in the reception of a rather exclusive repair garage. The spider stops, on the windscreen, and waits, staring at me still.
Do you recognise the car, Mark? His voice is slow and steady, I steal a quick glance at his eyes and they are bloodshot, betraying him surely.
My names not Mark I repeat.
Your names not Mark. He leaves it there. At least he understands English. Your names not Mark, he says again in his, rather annoying, drawl. He reaches down to something beside him and pulls out another sheet of paper, which he lets fall over the first. It lays flat over the first and I cant move, I dont know whats happened to my friend, I cant see any movement but how can I be sure? 
Look at this, please; this is a synopsis of your details. He gestures at the paper. The fingerprints match too, he adds, helpfully.  I glance at the paper, hoping to see some movement. I vaguely make out whats on it, a scanned picture of a quite handsome man, and underneath his name, Mark Forth. A few more details, some pictures of fingerprints, the  date of birth, etc. Strange, the same as mine. The man looks a little familiar as well, now I think about it. 
The man is looking at me expectantly, with those patient green eyes of his, so I reward him with a smile. I notice the spider crawling up the left arm of his pristine white shirt
I shrug. Do I know him?  then  Wait! Hes not the man who smashed up my car?
I pause, take a deep breath and then My names John  John Paris. Thats my car, I dont know whats happened to it, but I would quite like to know. Im not sure why Im here, or who you are, but you are making me very tired and I could really do with a drink. I dont know who Mark Forth is, except that he looks a little like me and seems to share the same birthday, but beyond that I think youre making some mistake. And... and I pause for effect, but mainly for timing, a spider is about to crawl into your mouth
I got it so perfectly right. I was speaking fast, with an air of impatient authority and I had really trapped him, caught him in it, his attention focused on me so much that he didnt have time to react, just to feel that tingling sensation, shuts his mouth too late and swallow. All this time he stares at me, not saying a word, and his eyes, his pale green eyes, dull just a fraction before he slumps forward in his chair, his head coming to rest on the papers in front of him.
A noise behind me causes me to turn and see a door appear magically in the wall, two people wearing identical white boiler suits, with the name HART emblazoned in red on the backs, rush in and grab his arms, pull him to his feet and leave. Im scratching my head in confusion when I hear a voice behind me. Good afternoon, Mr Paris. I am so sorry for the confusion. Will you please come with me. I turn to see a lady, quite good looking in fact, standing right behind me. Shes wearing a dark blue suit, the first hint of colour that Ive seen, but her smile is so intensely white it gets lost in the room. I shrug and get up. My legs feel like lead, but I cant let that bother me as I follow her out of the door.


Chapter 5
We sit in another room, this ones completely blue, to match her suit I presume. She has very long legs and shes smiling at me.
I am so sorry for the confusion, I hope that you werent inconvenienced. Please enjoy this complimentary glass of champagne and she gestures to the table. I dont really like champagne but I realise that my throat is killing me, so totally parched, that I take it and drain it in one gulp. My hostess studies me with her strange blue eyes. Would you like another one? she asks, drily and I nod.
Now Mr Paris she starts, and reaches forward, lets her fingers gently brush my knee. She really is very beautiful, her eyes are quite piercing and though I never look away from people, ever, I look away. I am glad to be able to tell you that we have rebuilt your car. 
Oh I say, glad that the new glass of champagne has arrived and I pick it up, try to drink it more slowly this time, happy for the excuse not to look her in the eyes
Unfortunately, she continues, we still have one or two issues to resolve. Err... Mr Paris?, Im still staring at my now empty glass, and gently she lifts my face to look at hers, as she clicks the fingers of her other hand and I receive, somehow, another full glass. Im starting to feel a little more relaxed now and I can see past the intensity of her eyes as I sip the champagne. It is very good, actually, I may change my mind about it.
Yes, sorry, I say, slowly, confidently. 
She smiles with those intense teeth of hers and clears her throat...The first thing - Im afraid that the farmer whose horse you destroyed is refusing standard compensation, and insists that you see him personally to discuss it. Erm... I really do advise that you do this, he is actually within his rights to press charges on this and I think that would be far worse. She pauses, waiting for a reaction, but as I have no idea what she is talking about I just smile and sip my champagne. A tiny, almost imperceptible shrug from her and she lays a small card on the table. Well, heres his name and address. As I say, I really think you should visit him
So... she crosses her legs and I can just make out the top of her stockings and, strangely, I feel a shiver as she touches my knee again, erm, can I assume youll do that, Mr Paris?
John, call me John I reply, my throats dry and dusty and I throw back the rest of the champagne. 
OK, John, can I assume youll do that?
Yeah, no problem,  I say, shaking my head. Of course, of course I will, straight away, erm... sorry, I dont know your name?
Oh, she says sweetly, Im Miss B.
We both wait, looking at each other, she is quite easy to see now. Im waiting for another glass of champagne and I subtly tap my finger against the crystal.
So, the second thing she starts, and magically I find my glass refilled, is that the police still want to talk to you, John. I am sorry, she places the emphasis on am, as if its her own personal fault, and who knows, perhaps it is. 
The police? I ask but after so much champagne it doesnt really worry me. Why do they want to talk to me?
She gets up, obviously agitated and glides around the room, I dont think her feet actually touch the floor, until shes standing behind me, and I can feel her hands rest slowly on my shoulders, as she leans down and whispers in my left ear. They dont understand... how it happened, and then before I realise, shes sitting in front of me, with her glacial smile and piercing eyes. But dont worry, I think its just a formality, a detective will be in touch.
And then shes standing, and so am I and shes shaking my hand as she places a set of keys in my other hand, squeezing slightly and she says, just take the first elevator down to the third floor and your car will be waiting. 
She turns to go, I grab her arm quickly and can feel her tense, but she recovers just as quickly, turns and smiles. I just wanted to ask, I start, who was the man I was with first of all?
I can see something flash in her eyes, her face, just for a second, before she replies, in her sweet voice, Im sorry, I have no idea what youre talking about. And then shes gone.


Chapter 6
In time to come they will call me a communist, they will call me a leader of men, and then later they will call me a terrorist, a man who doesnt deserve to live. The truth is that I just do what I want. And if that leads me to shine, or to burn, then so be it. 


Chapter 7
Im slightly unsteady on my feet as I find my car, but it has been repaired beautifully. This is a masterpiece of a car, sex on wheels, a real orgasm of power, style and refinement. I slide into the drivers seat and the engine starts, with its soft, fragile purr, a leopard being woken from its slumber and stretching its legs slowly, gracefully. I stare into the blackness of the dashboard and the surfaces are so clean, so clear that I can make out my reflection, slightly distorted but handsome enough nonetheless. I allow my hands to caress first the soft leather seats. Soft doesnt really do justice to what I feel, the lightest of touches, the uncertainty as to whether its real what I am actually feeling as my fingers sink into the wonderful nothingness. Then to the surface of the wheel, pure as the driven and sensitive to the touch, its eyes reflecting the warm glow from the garage like a child, like my child waiting to do my bidding. I must not forget the outside of my car too, its curved lines and handsome, no, beautiful shape, suggesting nothing so much as a dolphin, a porpoise, gliding through the water in a state of total grace. A mere touch, a mere caress, can almost make me faint. As I allow my hands to hold the wheel and sink back into my seat, I close my eyes and feel the car start to glide forward, perfectly in tune with my feelings. 
The road is open and blissfully I drive, oblivious somehow to the traffic, until I touch the motorway and ask my car for directions to the farmers house. 
The rest of the journey is not really eventful, except perhaps for the fact that a little while later I notice theres a woman sitting next to me. As I smile at her, I wonder, absently, how long she has been there. 


Chapter 8
As we glide on the motorway I keep glancing at her, to try and understand if I know her from somewhere, Im pretty sure that I dont. 
Shes smiling at me though, and she puts her hand over mine, as I start to speak she touches a finger to her lips, motioning me to stop.


Chapter 9
The sound of the phone breaks the comfortable silence, and before I can do anything, the girl (I still dont know her name) touches it lightly with a fingernail that must be 1 inch long, polished silver with the carving of  a pentagram over it (symbolic? I expect so)  and she answers
Hello? her voice is smooth as velvet.
A pause on the end of the line. Hello? Erm... is Mr Paris there? Who is this? I recognise the voice, of course. 
My angel turns her head slightly so we just, very slightly, make eye contact and she winks at me, turns away. I smile, curious to see where this will lead. 
Im sorry, Mr Paris isnt available at the moment, this is his secretary. May I take a message?. Im kind of surprised.
Again, another pause. His... secretary? the womans voice is quite severe. This is his PA  thats personal... assistant... calling, and I need to speak to him urgently. May I please do that  whoever you are? What is your name?
It is true. It is Vicky Gossling, my PA. Shes very good, if a little scary.
The girl puts her hand on my knee, I can feel the electricity whip through me. Its a little distracting, especially after four glasses of champagne, but professional driver that I am, I keep my hands steady and my focus on the road. (Mind you, theres a huge lorry coming towards us and it seems to be on the wrong side of the carriageway. Or maybe Im wrong)
This is Elena, and I am Johns secretary. John  that would really wind Vicky up. I am so sorry, but he is not able to talk to you now. However I am able to take a message. Her voice doesnt change tone at all. Im impressed.
I can tell Vicky is nonplussed. Well.. she stammers, tell Mr Paris, with a real emphasis on the Mr., that he needs to come into work straight away. Theres an urgent meeting with the Restrato client, starting in an hour. It is absolutely imperative that he is there. And she hangs up.
Elena turns, leans over and brushes my cheek lightly with her lips. I touch my hand briefly up to my cheek, and feel the blood pulsing there. What was that? I ask.
Oh nothing, not important, she purrs and folds herself back into her seat, shutting her eyes. 
I consider just for a moment, then sigh, and set my course for the office.

Chapter 10
The table I am sitting at really is enormous. There are six people sitting around it, including me. On my left is a man, fairly handsome, in a dark business suit, though no tie I note, about my age. Hes tapping his hands nervously on the dark wood. Im fairly sure I know him, likewise for the lady on my right, stunningly beautiful, in a black dress; shes looking at me, smiling and her eyes are deep, voluptuous caverns of sexual desire. I think, at least. Jenny, I am sure. Shes talking to the man  his name still slips my mind  over me  and I feel a slight pang. 
At the other side of the table, at least half a mile away, are three men, very straight, very serious, two of them I think are Chinese. Theyre speaking to each other, its too hard to understand exactly what they are saying, but they keep glancing in my direction and I realise maybe I should do something. I drain my cup of espresso, and cough slightly, to see what will happen. Its brilliant; everyone stops talking straight away. One of the men at the far side of the table clears his throat and starts. 
In representing my clients-  gesturing to the two Chinese guys, who smile (do they understand English?)  may I say that we are incredibly excited to be here today, after these long months of patient waiting and discussion. We were absolutely thrilled to hear that Mr Paris wanted to see us, and that a demonstration was ready. Mr Paris... and he looks me straight in the eye, may I just say thank you, on behalf of these kind gentlemen here. This will change and he pauses, throws his arms out wide  everything!
With that, one of the Chinese men gets up  actually gets up  and almost runs around the table until he is next to me. He puts his hands on my shoulders and squeezes. I catch a glimpse of his eyes  very black, very worrying  before hes gone again.
Everyone turns to me and I am completely nonplussed; I really dont know what to do. Im about to start talking, saying anything to fill the gap, to fill the expectation, when a hand on my left arm stops me and to my relief I can see that I will be rescued.
Gentlemen, may I just say how delighted we are to see you. His names Simon, now Im sure. I may just need to explain that John  I mean Mr Paris, here, and he puts his hand reassuringly on my shoulder, is delighted to be with you today.
He has, however, Simon continues, leaning forward earnestly, literally just come out of hospital after two weeks recovering from quite a serious car crash. (Have I?) Please dont be alarmed though, he adds quickly, he is absolutely fine and completely recovered, no major harm done, its just hes a little tired and asked me to do most of the talking. 
Now, as you say, this will change everything. Hes speaking slowly and quietly now, building up the expectation. This is a true moment, a rare moment, that we must take the time to recognise and celebrate. In years to come people will talk of this moment. And I, Simon Hart, am so happy, so... proud, to be able to share it with you, and with my colleagues, Miss Jenny Pierce and, and he stands up, resting his hands on my shoulders, the man who made it all happen, Mr John Paris. I notice him discreetly pressing a button under the table, theres a noise behind us; a nervous looking waiter shuffles in and places champagne glasses in front of all of us. It takes him hours to get to the other end of the table. He pauses by Simon and hands him a very old, very dusty  bottle. 
Simon clears his throat. But first, before we celebrate, we must demonstrate. John, he says, turning to me, would you please stand up. (I do). He motions at Jenny, who stands too, and steps towards me, close, so that I can feel her dark, sensuous breath on my face as she looks at me with those strange impenetrable eyes. At the same time her hands are reaching down and unbuttoning my black silk shirt, and I am wondering whats happening here. She gently lifts my shirt off my shoulders, folds it neatly and places it on the table, leaving me bare chested. I shiver involuntarily.
Now, says Simon, would you like to inspect?
The three men all get up and come towards me, standing there, half naked; one of them, I notice, is holding a black wooden box, which he puts down close to me on the table. To add, I guess, to the sense of occasion, I feel myself drenched in light from a spot lamp, Im guessing, from high above. 
Then they all start running their hands around my body, my chest and my back, ruffling my greying chest hair (I must get it dyed, I note) and caressing my body. I feel like some gay porn icon as they rub their hands up and down, approvingly, and then step back. 
The second Chinese man puts his hand on the box as Simon lifts the bottle, dusts it down and opens it with a flourish. This champagne is sixty eight years old. A true vintage. He pours just one glass and hands it to me. I think we should allow John the honour first. Gratefully I sip the drink as I watch the man quietly open the box and bring out what looks like a silver hand gun. A W-68, I think, approvingly, very rare, very powerful. As he caresses it in his hands, he looks questioningly at Simon, who nods ever so slightly. 
The man then raises the gun, aims it at my chest, and fires. 


Chapter 11
[Look at him now. He stands on the cliff top and all he can see is light. His naked body glistens in the morning sun; he reaches out and steps into it, forsaking anything else. The darkness is all behind him. He exists there too, standing drunk, pathetic, bleeding, holding a microphone on a stage in a dive bar, reading out the emotional excesses of his destroyed mind to an audience that is too stoned to care.]


Chapter 12
I can feel the sweat trickle down my forehead as I enter the bathroom, the heat is intense as I watch her, kneeling by the ivory bathtub, her fingers loosely held in the running water as she watches me, smiling slightly. As I take a sip of my gin and tonic, I notice that shes stripped down to her bra and panties, the steam surrounding her in a mist, making her skin almost glow as she holds out her hand and guides me towards her, into her arms, into the bath, allowing the pain in my body to recede as she joins me
Elena, I whisper but she covers my mouth with hers and I dont wonder where shes come from, only where she will take me now


Chapter 13
The waters cold and Elenas gone. Im trying to work out why Im still there when the doorbell rings (again?). I heave myself out of the bath, ignoring the pains in my neck and chest, throw a silk bathrobe on and stumble towards the door, pausing to pick up the martini that seems to have been left there for me. I take a sip, then slide the door open. A hand claps around my neck and another on my shoulder as Simon pushes himself in, his wavy hair brushing against my face. Come on my man, he half shouts, time to go out and celebrate. Get your gladrags on!, pulling at my robe, which I have to rescue quickly. 
I rush to my room, slamming the door behind me and then I realise where Elena is, lying naked, provocative on my bed, a cigarette between her lips, she sighs seductively when I enter.  Just a couple of minutes, and then Im ready, throwing my clothes on and out the door to where Simon is finishing my drink. We head out into the night. 
The darkness of the bar dazzles me, in our booth, Simons leaning forward conspiratorially though Im distracted by the girl next to him, who seems to be swaying. I cant quite remember who she is or how long shes been with us. He chinks his glass with mine and we both throw back our drinks, I have no idea whats in there but it feels good, mixed with the cocaine. 
Well congratulations my friend and he cant help himself as he breaks out into a huge grin. He has a really lovely smile. We are so fucking rich. You are talking and he grabs my head, pulls me close so our foreheads touch and our hair interlocks, to the first trillionaire on this planet. And you... well, you. Hows your chest, by the way? but he doesnt bother waiting for an answer. I loved it, that was so dramatic. Didnt you love their faces? They were so excited. I bet you know they cant stop talking about it, theyre probably putting their plans into action right now. Itll be quick, I bet, you look at the television, well see it, in days, I bet, just days. What do you think, you agree, right, just days. God, Im so powerful.
You and I he throws his hands out suddenly, his left hand clipping the girl, hard; she falls suddenly, her head lolling on the table. For a split second I stare at her dull eyes; she doesnt move. 
You and I Simon repeats, are everything, and we can do anything. My drink tastes really good. Amazing, isnt it. But what I want to know he whispers, is whether well carry on. Will you carry on, John, with the new project?
Is there any point? I ask, my voice dry and husky, though Im not quite sure what he means. He looks at me for the longest time, his eyes shining. No, I guess not, theres no point now is there 
On the other hand he says quietly, why not? Not for the money, not anymore, but just... to see what would happen. He grips my hands in his. Can you not see what we are? We are the givers, the creators, we make the rules now. You make it possible, John, and I make the rules. Think what we could achieve. Think how much we could change.
We stay like that for at least an hour, staring at each other, contemplating his words, seeing the light. I dont quite remember how I get home, but I do remember getting into bed so so tired, my head spinning, my hand caressing Elenas thigh but it leads to nothing. 


Chapter 14
She looks really resplendent. For a washed up druggie pro, you would never guess. Her eyes really scatter the light and theres a momentary hush as she enters the room, on my arm. I struggle to walk on these damn shoes, I need to look the part as we make our way towards our table, the crowds parting. I grab a swift glass of champagne, and remember to take one for her, she holds it delicately between those nimble fingers and stunning nails, the pentagram still evident if slightly blurred now. I can see someone, Jenny I think, she waves us over and I take my place next to her with Elena on my left. I scan the canaps, they look very inviting but not quite as much as the full bottle of Jacks, I pour myself a generous measure and use it as a chaser. Now we can start. 
Theres a cough to my left, it breaks my reverie, I notice a woman, no, a lady, in fact, trying to catch my attention, she must be over fifty years old judging by her grey hair and wrinkles; perhaps two hundred. But shes wearing a pretty dress. I smile at her, and reach out my hand to cover Elenas, then I realise Elenas gone.
Good evening, my name is Sarah. Sarah Jacob.
Shit. I will have to make conversation now. John I mutter
Nice to meet you, John. And what do you do?
I am completely and utterly speechless, and start pouring myself another Jacks just to make up time, when someone starts speaking. I look round  Jenny; thank God.
She starts with a soft purr. Im so sorry, John isnt allowed to say anything about what he does. Top secret, you know and she winks at me. Great. What a line.
How disappointing, but how exciting, the ladys leaning forward, I can hardly believe it, she looks excited. 
Yes, isnt it Jenny purrs. But dont worry, hes making the keynote speech in about half an hour and hell certainly give you some clues then.
What?
Oh my goodness, me. You do look worried and she actually puts her old, wrinkled hand over mine and gives it a squeeze. Unbelievable, I try to pull my hand back, afraid I'll catch something, but her grip is surprisingly powerful.
I design dresses begins Sarah. Lovely floral patterns, roses are my favourite, or maybe, no, daffodils. Mixed with beautiful colours and swirls, sometimes I add the faintest touch of a maiden, lying in the grass with that faint glow of fulfilled love on her lips.
Why am I here? 
I also fit them, make to measure, they can be really wonderful. I get so close to the girls, one really needs to feel them, all their curves and contours, to understand exactly what suits them best, how the dress will fit perfectly on them, just like, well just like a second skin. Thats what they are, really. She pauses and takes a delicate sip of her champagne.  I could make you one if you like I look up, and yes she is looking at me. I take a huge slug of my whisky, Jenny grabs my arm and lifts me. 
Lovely to meet you, Sarah, but I have to get John here ready for proceedings and she drags me away, fortunately I just manage to get hold of the rest of the bottle before we go. I catch a glimpse of Sarah Jacob, and I am sure she is mouthing call me to me, as we disappear behind a curtain.
Now,  starts Jenny, serious and business like, now youre on in 5 minutes, so lets assume youre ready. You know what youre going to say, I take it?; she asks me this without glancing up, as she tidies my shirt and jacket. Before I can say anything, she hands me a slip of paper, well just in case, heres a backup speech that we used last year and with that shes gone. I sit, perched on a broken chair hidden behind a curtain, and manage to get through a fair bit more of the bottle, at least, before unseen hands grab me and pull me towards the stage. I see a woman standing in the centre of the stage, wearing a lovely floral dress, just starting to talk...
And it gives me great pleasure to introduce our guest speaker for tonight. He is one part of Hart Industries, our co-sponsors for this wonderful evening. Most of you will know Hart, a small but highly influential organisation, who drive our most advanced scientific thinking and policy. Notwithstanding their extremely busy schedule, the leaders of Hart have made time to support the planning of tonights event, just showing how important it has become in the annual cycle. I am also so pleased to be able to say that our speaker has again made time not only to be here, but to speak here again. I know him well, I have heard him speak many times, and I can confidently say that we are in for something that will be thought provoking and  far sighted. And now, can I please hear your appreciation for Mr John Paris!
There is a reasonable amount of applause as the woman comes towards me, grabs my hand and pulls me on stage, she gives me a huge hug and a kiss and then Im there, on my own, in front of some intense lights and a lot of people. Maybe this will be difficult, perhaps I shouldnt have screwed up Jennys speech earlier. Its when I am scanning the podium, desperate for a drink, that I see it, a little note saying good luck, and joy of joys, a yellow happy pill! Straight down with water (thats all thats here) and magically I feel the fog of the last days (weeks? months?) lift and I can see clearly, at least for now. And this is what I see
God I say is at the centre of everything. 
Silence
Man I continue has achieved so much through destruction OK, Im dealing with this
We are coming towards the end of a cycle. The paradigm needs to change 
But who will do it  us... or God?
Will we allow ourselves to be the victims of history and the future, or will we take control?
We have the skill, we have the knowledge, we have the power, to do that, I say resolutely, gripping the podium and leaning forward, and we have given ourselves the power to change. We can end the cycle of uncontrolled annihilation
Death...can be controlled. The power of the gun, the power of the sword can be taken away as well as given, as I will show you. Someone, please, come up here with a gun.
Nothing happens. Come on, louder, thats what youre here for, after all, someone pick up one of those brand new shiny handguns from the stands, load it with bullets and join me on stage there are flutters of uncertainty going around the crowd but eventually someone stands, a big man, muscle bursting out of his dinner jacket, he doesnt have any curves, his head is almost a cube, but he has a vicious grin and slicked back black hair. People get out of his way as he walks straight up on stage, next to me, close enough so I can feel the warmth of his breath, the sting of his eyes, but hey Im on happy land, so its easy to stand my ground as I ask dont you need a gun?
The grin comes back as he reaches into his jacket and withdraws a mean looking piece, its a Weber 4, probably the most powerful handgun in existence, gold plated, plutonium barrel, designed to cause maximum destruction (and also rumoured to be able to kill vampires without the use of silver bullets, though Ive never seen this). He holds it easily in his hand as I carefully remove my jacket, and fold it on the stand. I then slowly unbutton my shirt, remove it and fold it with great care, putting it on the jacket. 
Give it your best shot I say, indicating my muscled stomach. The man stares at me. Shoot me, I whisper and yet still he does nothing, a flicker of nervousness in his eyes. 
Go on. Unsteadily he lifts his piece and points it at me, his hand is shaking now and I can tell he doesnt have the guts. We wait there, for what seems like a hour. Sweat is trickling down his forehead and he still hasnt moved. I start to tell him to sit down. Suddenly theres an explosion, behind me and I feel a huge force hurl me forward, into the man who throws his arms out to catch me, stop me but I knock him down, off the stage. On my knees, I haul myself up and turn round. Ms Sarah Jacob is standing there, in her floral dress, a huge grin on her face and a smoking gun in her hand and she says, oh my, Mr Paris, youre immune to bullets. She comes up to me, plants a huge kiss on my lips and leaves. 
I'm kneeling on stage, getting my breath back, a couple of people from the audience have started to rise, to help me, but I raise my hand. My voice is a whisper. 
"This is just the next step. It hasn't ended." 
What did I mean by that?
I turn and leave to absolute silence, rather than the rapturous applause I was expecting, but maybe, probably they are too stunned to react. 
The mens toilets here are huge, so large in fact that you can hardly see the urinals from the door. They actually have travelators, built into the marble floor, that discreetly bring you towards them in case youre not able to manage yourself. Of course, I am. Ive put my shirt back on but havent managed to do it properly, it gives me quite a handsome, rugged appearance. I finally arrive and am about to start relieving myself when theres a clap on my left shoulder, and I turn to see Simon; I give him a big grin, pull him towards me in a hug but he pushes me away, and steps back. Hes looking dishevelled, very unlike him, tie half done, a stain on his million dollar shirt. But hes holding two glasses brimming with whisky and gratefully I accept one.
What the fuck do you think you were doing? hes slurring his words as he shouts them.
What?
What... the fuck... do you think... you were doing? Now I get it.
Erm?"
What on earth possessed you, John and he grabs my neck, pulls me close to him, to start talking, no, not just talking, to actually  fucking  demonstrate  the most, the secretest... secret, I mean that secret was so secret that even the secret fucking squirrels didnt know about it, I mean do you know how much security we put on to get that to our Chinese colleagues without anyone knowing anything about it? I mean, do you really?
He throws back all of his drink in one gulp, and, in a gesture of solidarity I feel I must do the same
And then, you, in front of this enormous crowd, decide that you will just, what, tell the fucking world? I mean, John, what the hell possessed you?
He has his arm round me now, I know, listen mate, I know youve been having a bit of a rough time recently, but do you know how much trouble we are in now? I mean, really, do you know how much your life is worth? hes shaking his head, pulling his hair out, I think he may actually be sobbing
You know theyll know, dont you? You know how much we promised them that this was theirs, this was exclusive, this was top top top top, I mean top fucking top, secret? You know what theyll do to you, dont you? Youve seen the films, right, I mean weve all watched the films, we watched them together didnt we? I mean, look mate, I will do what I can to protect you but it is going to be tough. Fuck fuck fuck. Listen, Shaun will call you in the morning, OK, yeah, hell sort what he can, but fuck, I need a drink, Ill drink to your life
And with that, hes gone.
I really dont know what to make of this, but luckily theyve put a bar in the toilets, so I go over and help myself to another bottle. As I pour myself a large measure, theres a noise behind me, a slight cough. Simon? No, not the right sound
I turn to see a man I dont recognise, short and slim, dressed in black, a handsome face with jet black hair and an eye patch on his left eye. 
Happy pill not so happy any more? he winks at me with his good eye, reaches over and takes my glass, sipping the whisky.
What?" I ask
You know theyll be after you dont you?
The Chinese?
No, not the Chinese. Well, yes, theyll be after you, but theyre the least of your problems. Theyd just kill you. These guys want you alive.
I have to get myself another drink now. I feel very weary, all of a sudden. These guys?
Them, of course. The IN. They'll want your secrets" he whispers.
But, I start, shaking my head at him, Simon..."
Not Simon. It's you they'll want. You used to be s vague, marginal figure and now you've put yourself way in the spotlight. I must admit, I did quite enjoy your performance. Yes, it was pretty good, Ill drink to that and he raises his glass to me, it was pretty brave."
Beware the lady he hisses, and winks again. 
The lady?
Oh, work it out. He comes across and leans at the bar next to me. But I can help you. We can help you.  
Oh God. Some neo-resistance movement, here we go. You can?
Yes. We are the Resistance; he lightly produces a card and puts it in front of me. You cant contact me, but heres how you get in touch. I think you know of him already
On the card theres a number, and below that the words HH Simmons.
And hes gone.


Chapter 15
Hes in trouble now, his hands are shaking as he holds the microphone and people are looking nervous, pointing, whispering. He wipes his eyes to get rid of the blood trickling into them from the wound on his forehead. 
He searches in the crowd to try and find her but its too difficult, the lights are too dazzling and his eyes hurt too much. He takes one more drink and reaches into his pocket, pulls out the crumpled paper, folds it out in his trembling hands, he drops the mic and has to pick it up, a little blood on the paper now but he rubs it off and thankfully he can still read the words. 
He starts talking, his voice cracked. 
In my dreams
Awake
I see you 
At night
I watch insects 
Crawl up the walls
Of my heart
They spread their poison
In my mind
I touch you
But poison seeps
From my dreamlike fingers
It kills everything

I dont have the right to destroy you
For my empty heart to live on
Feeding on the innocent 
He crushes the paper in his fist, and throws it into the crowd, then unsteadily walks off the stage, into the crowd looking for another poor fucked up soul to mope over. As he tries to get to the table, he catches a glimpse of her leaving, a look of disgust on her face. 


Chapter 16
Her names not Sarah Jacob. Thats what she tells me after the second time, after she leaves me breathless and desperate for more, her wrinkled skin laying so close to mine on the silk sheets. 
So what is your name, I ask her and she tells me its Ruth, Ruth La Fleure. And then she gets close to me and whispers something in my ear, making me gasp in anticipation. 
Im not really sure how we got to this place (I mean now, not here), how I left wherever we were (and also what the hell happened to Elena, who looked pretty pissed off last time I saw her).
Ruth lays her head on my leg and strokes me. Are you curious about me? she whispers.
Yeah I gasp, Im conserving energy. 
What would you like to know, sweetheart? Her strokes become more urgent and she starts doing something with the other hand that I cant actually describe.
Well, erm, why were you using a false name? I struggle to get this out, Im sweating, and I think, panting
She sighs, and relaxes her grasp. Shit, wrong question. Everyone has a false name, darling, at your ball. I wouldnt have been invited if I didnt. Dont you have any imagination?
Im struggling to think, what is the right question, when theres a crash behind me, I turn round to look (that hurts) and the door has been thrown open, literally off its hinges  and standing there, the sun behind her burning a halo around her incredible naked body (except for a pair of panties), stands Elena, a pistol held in both hands, pointing at me. How could you, darling she rasps in her (admittedly sexy) Russian accent. 
Er, well I stammer, I can see her finger stroke the trigger, maybe she wont miss, but she crumples, suddenly and spectacularly to the floor, throwing her arms out in surrender. Before I can speak, Ruth hushes me and whispers but she was nowhere nearly as good as me, was she? I have to admit that shes right. I can see the excitement of the kill building in her eyes, and just says hello before pushing me on the bed, and shagging me senseless, again. 
***
Im enjoying a post coital cigarette, I have to be very still as Ruth has balanced a mirror on my chest and is snorting what appears to be an incredible amount of something. I would have some, but I just dont see how I can manage it. 
So, darling she starts, wiping her nose. Strange, even that, even for her, is sexy, and I shake my head slightly. Her voice is drawn, husky, like shes smoked too much all her life. 
So, theres a wonderful little cafe not far from here, and I thought we could have a bite to eat tonight. They do fabulous wine.
I just stare at her, incredulous, and she lifts her head, carefully removes the mirror and regards me with a half smile. No? she asks
Well", I start, "look, youre amazing in bed, but I couldnt really be seen out with you. Hmm, Im not sure that came out exactly right. But shes cool, she just raises her eyebrows questioningly. 
I need to be more subtle. Look at you, youre old and wrinkled, Im young and handsome, I would be laughed at. Im sure you can understand that. Better, but not quite right, I think, and Ruth lifts herself up, stretches out her arms and for a second I think shes going to hit me but then she just starts to laugh, high and loud, she starts rubbing her breasts furiously, still laughing, then suddenly throws herself down onto my manhood and God, is that good, I feel myself start to shudder when shit, the doorbell rings.
I jump up, throw on a robe and hurry to the door. Im not sure I recognise the man standing there, but he appears to know me as he grasps and squeezes my upper arm, and tells me Dont worry, John, we have your back.
I dont really notice his face, but his suit is amazing, I cant resist stroking a sleeve and feel my hand almost having an unearthly experience, its so smooth. He seems to be a little perplexed by this, and brushes quickly past me, walking to the marble table in the centre of the room, placing his soft, black, leather case carefully on it, and turns to face me. This building is secure, it is impossible to enter it without the highest security clearance. Not even Mossad could get in here he states, confidently. 
Shaun. Of course, Shaun Marker, our Head of Security. Great friend of mine, I think. He opens the case, and gingerly lifts out a roll of paper that he unwraps, and lays it on the table top, smoothing it out with soft fingers, and beckoning me over, at the same time with his other hand. Look, look he starts, this is your apartment building. On his paper there are lots of straight lines, and lots of colours. Yeah, ok, I can vaguely see the building, its outline at least. In the centre, one apartment is highlighted in red, flashing lights around it, big Keep out!! signs scrawled in a child-like hand.
We have identified the danger area and worked it from there, his hand brushing against the highlighted building. Great science, this. Mr Hart said, and he meant it... (dramatic pause), money is no object, so we bought the entire building. Hes stopped, waiting for some reaction, none from me, and he looks vaguely disappointed, but his eyes light up as he sees Ruth wander in from the bedroom, totally naked. Hey there she says, smiling at Shaun, and to me do you have another bathrobe?
I mutter something, she gives me a huge smile and brushes up against me before leaving.
Shaun whistles. Well have to check her out he smiles, and I almost hit him, but then I decide I cant be bothered.
Shaun coughs, and starts again. Ground floor, weve installed the latest in quantum nuclear devastation probes, so that anyone who doesnt have approved security clearance and still passes checkpoint 1 experiences radiation level 6. Of course you know what that does. If, and I have to make the point that this will be extremely rare, they get past that point, the stairs are made from hydro-glycerine malatine substitute, and any level of touch, even through  inch thick clothes, will cause paralysis of the legs, followed by extreme pain to the chest and head for 30 seconds, before the heart explodes. Almost impossible to detect, and no antidote.
Do you have any coffee? I ask.
As I start searching the apartment for any sign of a coffee machine, Ruth wanders in (in a robe now) and hands me a perfect cup of espresso. I have underestimated her. I think Shaun is trying to catch my attention by the way he keeps coughing, and eventually, feeling a little restored, I look at him.
This has all, already, been put in place. He waits and I stare at him, he turns to look at Ruth who gives him this most amazing smile.
Anyway he coughs, catching his breath, if, through any amazing miracle, they make it to the first floor, we have covered that with laser guided heart impact molecular steering missiles, or LIMs for short. Have you heard of those? 
He gets no reaction, so carries on They will destroy anyone who hasnt been vetted and approved within one point two milliseconds of entry. They cannot fail. And then... they of course, have to take the elevator to your apartment, and they have to know the code, which is only known to four people in the world. If the code isnt entered, or if it's entered incorrectly, or if the fingerprints or heart rate or brain scan, or shoe size, do not match to the records, then the walls of the lift move inwards suddenly, crushing the occupant to a pulp.
He picks up a glass of water that I had not noticed, and drains it. And that, my friend, is the security that we have installed.
Ruth, who is standing very close to me, passes her hand inconspicuously into my robe as she says that is some system.
Er, Miss?
La Fleure, she answers, Ruth La Fleure.
Im so sorry, but anyone who has contact with Mr Paris, now needs to go through our vetting process. Would you, er... mind? I assume you, er... will carry on having, er... contact with, er... him?
She gives him a huge smile and starts doing something with her hand. Of course I dont mind.
He gets this almost schoolboy grin on his face, as he rushes back to his case, and pulls out what seems to be a paper thin, state of the art power tablet. It is jet black, very shiny and absolutely beautiful. His hand runs all over it and then he stands straight, looks at Ruth.
So, Miss hes looking down, Im not sure if hes too embarrassed to look at whats going on, or cant take his eyes of it.
Call me Ruth she interrupts.
Oh, ok, erm, Ruth, well we have to go through a number of checks. Hes moving his hand swiftly over the tablet and holds it out to her, still not looking at her. 
First, could you please put your hand on the screen?; Erm, your right hand, I mean as he glances, definitely this time, at where her left hand disappears into my robe. 
Ruth actually brings her beautiful, wrinkled hand to her mouth and licks it, slowly, sensually, before drying it gently on her robe and placing it on his PT. It makes a couple of sounds, and Shaun waits, concentrating hard, till his expression relaxes and he says Thank you. Could I please ask you to confirm your security number, and your identity number?
She coughs, slightly. Security number 1543779001, and my identity number is 444669-78402A.
Yes, ok, thats fine. Now, he lifts the PT up so its screen faces her, please look straight into the screen and... yes, thats fine, just a second.
He notices my questioning look, iris scan he explains helpfully, yes thats fine, erm, Ruth, and she rubs her eyes. 
Now, final test here and then well have to go to the lab. He pulls something else out of his case, I realise its a syringe (is this going a little far?), he preps in and motions to Ruth, who, with just a smile obligingly pulls up the sleeve of her robe and offers her arm to Shaun. He quickly takes  a blood sample and she lets her sleeve fall back down, and I see a tiny droplet of red come through.
He allows a drop of blood to fall on the screen of his tablet, and I see it disappear  as its absorbed into the machine. Again, he looks at the screen for a second and then up at Ruth. Wow, he says, thats good. Now, all we have to do is the brain MRI to check emotional response on the Kazzar scale, and youre clear. It will only take about five mins, and we have the lab upstairs fully fitted. You dont need to come to this bit, John, if you dont want, he adds, turning to me. 
Sadly, Ruth removes her hand and says yeah, relax darling, have a cup of coffee. Darling, well thats a step in some direction. 
Hang on though, I say, before you go, why did you say wow when you saw her results? I ask Shaun.
Erm, he shifts uncomfortably, Im sorry, Mr Paris (Mr Paris? He must be nervous), but its confidential personal data Im not allowed to share, erm... he trails off, not looking at me
It must be about my job, darling, says Ruth.
Your job? I ask
My job. She smiles sweetly. I tell you what, Ill tell you about my job over dinner and she winks at me. I must admit I am curious, and slightly taken by this old lady. So I sigh, dramatically and start to say "I thought you made dresses" before stopping, ashamed.
Wonderful! she reaches over and licks my lips. Now, Shaun, shall we go, offering him her arm. Shaun looks a little puzzled, and takes her arm hesitantly. As they turn, he says to me quickly John, you see, you are completely protected here  if anyone enters this building, Ill know after less than a second, and if theyre not authorised, they will be dead in less than five.
The doorbell rings; we all look at each other for a second, then Shaun says must be one of my team and he touches his tablet; the door slides open to reveal a tall handsome man in a dark suit. 
Good morning, he starts, I was looking for Mr Paris."
Thats me I say and he walks in, and offers his hand. My name is Stephen Carver, Im with the Central Investigations Body. May I have a quick chat with you?
Shaun coughs and we all turn to look at him. Erm, how did you get in? hes almost stammering.
Well, I could only find a parking space at the back of the apartment block, and then the back door was open so I came in and walked up the stairs
I look at Shaun. Gap in your security plans? I ask, smiling. Shit, the back stairs he sounds acutely embarrassed and starts to hurry away. Well do, er, your MRI later, if thats ok, Ruth? he asks, but doesnt wait for a reply. 
So, Mr Carver, would you like some coffee? asks Ruth.
***
How can we help you, Mr Carver? I start, helpfully.
He coughs, and replies Detective.
Excuse me?
Thats Detective Carver, Im a detective, not a mister.
Oh, sorry, how can we help you, Detective Carter?
Well, Mr Paris, theres a few things that we still need to follow up on from the, erm, strange incident from two weeks and three days ago. He pauses, reaches down into his attach case and pulls out a file, with paper inside it. Interesting. He coughs as he studies a sheet, running his hand down it and nodding to himself. So, let me see. Your police report is here, its slightly bizarre, wouldnt you agree?
At least I have got changed by now, into a black Len Ashton suit, which allows me to display a little gravitas as I scratch my chin thoughtfully and sip my jet black espresso. 
Detective Carver takes a sip of his whisky, and continues. So, let me see. You claim here that you swerved to avoid a car that suddenly pulled into your lane, and that your car left the road, mounted the side reservation with sufficient force to, erm, take off, jump over the barrier, land in a field and continue for several seconds until it was stopped by a horse. The last thing you remember was seeing the horses startled head fly through your windscreen before  you woke up in hospital. Is that correct?
I swallow. Yes, thats right I say.
OK. He takes another sip, then leans forward and puts his hand on my knee, looking me closely in the eye. Ruth and I exchange a glance. The thing that we, erm, dont quite understand, is that, when we inspected, there were no signs on the road...
No signs? I interrupt. Well, what were you expecting  its a motorway?
He smiles patiently. No, I mean, there were no marks, no evidence of a skid, nor, when we appealed for witnesses, did anyone come forward to corroborate your story.
I wait, and so does he, gently massaging my knee. Do you always do that? I ask.
He looks genuinely puzzled. What?
Massage peoples knees?
Oh, that? Yes all the time. It helps me to concentrate. Look  John, may I call you John, look John, at the end of the day its not a big deal, I mean no one cares right, you just killed a fucking horse, but its strange, you know, dont you think? Strange, yeah. He downs the rest of the whisky in one and shakes his glass at Ruth, with a wink. She smiles, and her leg swings up suddenly, catching the glass which flies out of his hand and smashes on the floor.
Detective Carver shrugs and says OK, the only think you really need to do is go and see the farmer. Please, go and see the farmer. He doesnt want to press charges against the horse, i mean against you, but he does want to talk to you. Look, heres his address. He drops a card on the table. Please go and see him.
I raise my hands. OK, Ill go and see him. 
He looks relieved and starts to pull himself out of the leather sofa. Oh. He stops. Something I forgot. 
Yes?
Well and he shuffles through his papers. It seems that, only yards from where you crashed, something else happened. And almost at exactly the same time. A strange coincidence, right?
I shrug. I guess so. Im getting bored of him now, and I shift and turn to get closer to Ruth and allow my tongue to find her mouth as she slips her hand into my trousers. 
We both ignore the cough but I do keep vaguely listening to him as he asks wouldnt you like to know what else happened? 
Skilfully I manage to nod whilst carrying on; to my credit I pull back and turn, curiously when he says murder. Even Ruth touches her lips, gets up lightly and walks across to the bar. Shes pouring three large drinks, as I raise my head and say OK, Im listening. A flash from outside throws light through the huge windows to the back of the room and yellow light streaks across Elenas face; she is still lying there, lifeless, I realise, just behind the detective. I do think thats a bad thing. Ruth returns with the drinks and puts them in front of us. Whisky for each of us; he takes another sip then says yes, murder. I notice hes smoking, I take a cigarette from his pack and light it. He brushes his, admittedly perfect, hair back with his left hand and continues. just next to where you were, maybe ten yards, we found the body of a woman. Some body he muses, blowing out smoke, and looks through his file, pulling out, yes, a photo, which he allows to fall on the table between us. Theres no ashtray, I realise, as he taps his cigarette ash onto the photo, waiting for us to absorb the contents.
As you can see, this woman has been mutilated, actually, well, it appears, sacrificed. I am not a moral person, my sense of right and wrong doesnt go much further than a need to fulfil desire, but Im still not totally comfortable with whats there. I glance at Ruth, whos regarding the photo with a cool detachment. Respect, I guess.
The woman lies on what seems to be a rough, circular stone table, her arms and legs spread out in a crucifix position. She is naked. Her head lolls to one side, and her face is stained with blood. The weirdest thing, though, is her forehead, which appears to have been pierced with something, something like a horn, embedded deep into it. 
Shocking isnt it? Detective Carver brings me back.
And this has got what to do with me? I ask.
As I said, John, this seems to have happened, from time of death and all that, at exactly the same time as you crashed your car, in almost exactly the same spot. So, of course, we...
I take a drink of whisky. Im not nervous. You, what?
Do you know the woman? he asks. I know that Ive seen her before, but I dont know her. No. 
Never seen her before?
No, never. Who is she?
We have no idea, to be honest. Youre sure youve never seen her? I dont bother replying, and he nods. 
Whats in her head? Ruth asks. He looks at her blankly for a second, then offers her a cigarette, which she accepts. These really are good, I must smoke more. Theres a sudden, scraping noise and we all look over to see Elena, on her feet but unsteady, as she holds onto the doorframe. Theres a trickle of blood coming from her mouth. Ill just take a bath, darling she murmurs and stumbles towards the bathroom. The detective turns back round and winks at me. He sees us both waiting and says, Oh, in her head? Well, its very strange. Its a horn, actually, but a very bizarre horn. Actually, its gone to our secret laboratory in, well, somewhere secret. He beckons us towards him and we lean closer. Dont tell anyone, but the analysis shows that it doesnt match the horn of any animal we know, at all. In fact, the only thing it resembles is actually, a unicorns horn. But of course that cant be true, because of course unicorns dont exist. He stubs his cigarette out on the photo (I hope it hasnt left a stain on the marble) and lights another one. Or maybe theyre extinct. Anyway, its very secret, so please dont say that I told you.
Detective Carver leans back expansively, into the sofa, he looks at me intently. So just a few more questions, John. First, did you murder her?
Erm, no I say, I think I was having a crash at the time.
Having a crash, having a crash he mumbles, yes, good point. OK, well second question, are you a practitioner of the dark arts, Satanism, paganism, human sacrifice, or anything similar?
Are these normal questions asks Ruth but he ignores her. 
No I say slowly, why?
No, ok thanks and he leans forward and scribbles something down on one of his many papers. OK, well thanks, this is my final question, John, you work for Hart Industries dont  you? Yes, of course you do. What is it, exactly, that they do?
Sorry, thats confidential." I reply.
Of course it is, sorry, of course it is. Now, but what I need to know, is whether, in building and sponsoring machines of terror, Hart Industries have ever resorted to the use of black magic?
He stares at my blank face for a few seconds then says OK, you cant answer that, I understand, probably not important, but well follow the investigation and I may need to come back to it with you. I do, actually, and he pulls out a sheet of paper from his file, dropping it on top of the photo, have one of these.  I glance at it and see its an Open Confidentiality Note, Highest Order, which means he can ask anything he likes. But the question that really bugs me is  - how did he know?
Hes getting up, pulling his papers together back into his case and shaking our hands. Thanks for the cigarettes I say, as he walks out of the door, smoothing his suit as he goes. 
I get up and light another cigarette. Must talk to Simon about this I mutter to myself. 
Simon already knows says a voice behind me and of course, when I turn, hes there. So many people coming and going out of my apartment.  Im supposed to be being protected and I have no privacy. I need to sort this out. 


Chapter 17
 Its so unbelievably cold. Hes got three blankets wrapped around him, over his clothes and his thick grey coat, but still it gets to him, like its hunting him down, him and only him, in this dark room, in this dark flat. He has assembled boxes all around him too, like a cave, so that they wont see him, but theyre too clever and he can actually hear their strange, alien voices whisper as they circle the room looking for him.
She was there a few hours ago, even then at that time they sat in the kitchen, at the rotten table, even then he could manage it, its like she took the last of the warmth with her as she left. As well as everything else.
You bastard she had whispered. As if everything else wasnt enough. 
And he had just stared at her, gloved hands holding onto his coffee for warmth, his eyes just black holes now.
So just tell me, which one was I? she had  spat, Guilty or innocent?
Youve always been innocent he had whispered, looking down.
And thats when she had left. 


Chapter 18
We start the day off with a Mojito, a sugar rush for the morning. Three of these and I can still drive without too much difficulty. The bars quiet at this time, and while I wait for her to come back from wherever shes gone, I ask the barman to turn on the television, its paying one of the constant news channels. 
Bad news, eh,  he shrugs, motioning over his shoulder to the television, always bad news. I ignore him and watch the footage, the headline scrolling across the bottom reads Nations beg for stability as fighting spins out of control. The sounds off and theres no point asking for it, its just the way. When I used to have friends, one of them actually had a fight with the ancient, infirm man behind the bar, trying to force him to turn the sound up on some football game that was so, so important. They had cleared an area and punched it out, and this man, this man, here, now, whose hands look fragile enough to turn into dust at any moment, whose muscles look withered and dying beneath his torn, dirty t-shirt, had destroyed my friend in two minutes, left him broken and dying on the wooden floor. So I just watch the headlines as they scroll across, underneath graphic images of war and death. Next  conventional warfare spreads as Chinese hail the invincible army. Next  Terrified civilians talk of men that wont die, that rise from the dead, that bullets pass through without harming. Next  the bloody aftermath of day number three sees second city razed to the ground. Next  rules of war are ignored as death toll mounts. Next  peace convention is called for, but ignored by the aggressors. Next  demonstrators shout for war crimes tribunal to start now. Next  the bloodbath continues to grow as nuclear retaliation is threatened. 
Time for another Mojito. The barman shrugs and smiles, I down it quickly as I see my car pulling up outside. Time to get on the road
***
The farmhouse is quite a way off the road, away from the motorway and the incidents, and it takes us quite a while to find it. The road leading up to it is not much more than a dirt path off a tiny, hedge covered road, and as we approach there are, bizarrely, more and more signs that tell people to keep away, hand painted signs with a cows skull and crossbones, others that just say visitors not welcome, further ones which tell us to beware landmines. I think they are in jest, but just in case, I activate the defence management system.
The house itself is quite imposing under the dark sky, a little like a haunted mansion from kids books. Were not allowed to leave the car until the tiny light on my watch turns green, which means, I think, that Shaun has had the area reviewed and cleared for potential hostile activity. I knock on the large wooden door, and true to form, there is no answer, but it creaks loudly and then swings, ever so slightly, open. 
He doesnt acknowledge us as we enter, the floorboards announcing us. The door has led us straight into the main room, which is empty, save for the farmer, sitting  on a wooden stool in the centre of the room, and a fire giving some slight warmth in the cold air. Strange, its warm outside. 
I approach him slowly and put a hand on his shoulder. I can feel his breath against me. I dont know why I am whispering as I say Hello? Mr... err and I realise I dont know his name. Ive come about the horse. Still nothing. I turn to look back at her and shrug. Do you think we should leave? I ask.
Maybe, she says, maybe you should leave him a cheque, as compensation.
But he said he didnt want any compensation, he just wanted to talk. Maybe I should write him a note? Our voices echo, sound hollow in the large room. I look at him again and now his eyes are on mine, but theyre empty and dull. We watch each other, his face shining in the crackle of the firelight. It seems to go on for hours.
And then, at last, he speaks. His voice is cracked and broken, but a little of the fire seeps into his eyes so I can see at least that hes alive and not dead.
A year ago my wife left me. Sick of me and my inability to understand her. I never really got her, I just wanted her but that wasnt enough I guess. She tells me one day, she offered no clue, no hint, nothing that would let me guess until the morning she left. She always got up earlier than me, about 4am, went for a run around the fields, came back panting and sweating with this glow around her face, and would have a shower whilst I was still in bed. The days I used to work the farm, she used to wait for me in the house, doing whatever, cooking the dinner maybe, I dont know, but it was always good. I used to be so tired in the evenings, fall asleep on the sofa in the living room, watching the news or the show or whatever, I used to crawl into bed at about eight in the evening and she would come up and give me a kiss on the cheek and then go back down and do whatever she did. Sometimes she didnt come to bed until three, but shed get up an hour later, just like always, put on her leggings and get out there. A couple of times I would go downstairs late at night and see her, doing some strange stuff I didnt quite get. But I still never realised how different we were, I never pushed it, I never really got it. He chuckles to himself, pulls out a crumpled pack from the pocket of his dirty jeans and removes a cigarette slowly, deliberately. He has to smooth it out before putting it in his mouth, and I reach down and light it for him.
The morning she left, she came in as normal, she kissed me on the cheek as normal and then she told me, matter of fact, nice as you like, and she was gone. It was a year ago tomorrow. She took everything, she turned up the next day with her two new lovers and they loaded up the truck, all the furniture, all the books, everything, except my clothes and a few other things all loaded into a wooden chest. I sleep on it now, as well. She even kissed me as she left.
He starts coughing violently, spitting out phlegm and blood and I have to step back to avoid being covered. I did find it tough. I know that I carried on as usual, it was like she hadnt left but I knew she had, I missed the company and I missed the support. But I got on with it. Im a tough guy, right. He thumps his chest, and starts coughing again, so I offer him one of my cigarettes which he accepts gratefully. 
Then my animals started dying. One by one, at first, and then more quickly. I called in the vet with the little money that I had left, and he didnt understand it at all. There was nothing wrong with the animals, they were fit and healthy, well fed even because we operated a cooperative system with the other farms round here. But it happened. First the cows, then the sheep and then the pigs. Every day I used to go out to see what had happened during the night and sure enough, one or two, two or three more lay there, still, dead and already starting to rot. He blows out smoke and stares out of the dull window.  I got really suspicious. Thought it was poison. Thought they were out to get me. I got fixated on Al Miner, the guy from down the road, we never got along with each other and I tell you, he liked my wife. He really did. I thought at first it was him went off with my wife, but of course it wasnt, you know that. But I was convinced that he was poisoning my animals. Really convinced. You know this, but I went to see him. I didnt mean it to end up the way it did. And I was wrong, he was innocent after all wasnt he. I didnt take anything when I set off, I found the hammer on the way, it was like someone had left it there. I think it was her, no, to be honest. To be really frank, I mean. It was her, it must have been. A hammer left there just to mix with my anger. And of course it took me a long time to sort that out. He swore so many times that it wasnt him. His nose was mush. And his cheeks. He screamed for mercy, the little fucker. I always hated him. At the end I realised it wasnt him, I knew that but I carried on. He did deserve it. He had always been so smug, so self assured, so sure, it was like he used to look at me and Lizzie and say, how could you end up with someone like him?
I had to carry him home in a sack, that I found in his shed. I cleaned the blood off as much as I could, threw him over my shoulder and walked home. I remember passing two other neighbours who nodded good morning at me, and nothing else. It was deathly cold that day and the sun was just starting to rise. It took me half an hour before I could feel my hands again. I ended up burying him with one of my cows, who had died that night. Daisy the cow. He paused and chuckled, though they were all called Daisy.
Im  not sure why no one ever talked to me about him. Its been a long time now. Maybe no one missed him. He was a sad bastard, he lived on his own and I dont think anyone liked him, but still. His eyes drift off and we wait, wondering if hes finished, if hes going to say anything else. His voice is becoming rawer, more bloody, as if he hasnt used it for such a long time that now its starting to suffer and protest. Hes allowed his cigarette to burn out and the ash has made a neat little pile on his lap. His eyes are returning, searching, coming round until again they eventually find me. 
But of course it wasnt him. I knew it wasnt him, I always knew it to be honest, but when they kept dying I couldnt deny it. I didnt regret it though.
And now hes putting his hands on the chair and actually trying to lift himself up, his body creaks and shudders like it hasnt been used for days, months maybe and so he gives up, but his hand does grip my arm and he pulls me, just slightly forward. You would have done the same, wouldnt you? he whispers.  You would. Was it you, or was it her, who left the rope?
The rope? I ask. I realise that this is the first time in an hour that Ive spoken, that he hasnt, and I feel the same cracked, parched feeling in my mouth.
The rope. He shakes his head. The rope, the coil, the noose. That morning when I woke up. And it was there on the floor by me. Was it you or was it her?
I just stare at him, so he carries on. It was her, then. Took me a while to string it up though, I had to drag my trunk under the beam. My hands   he turns them over and studies them, wrinkled, broken, bloody  I couldnt tie it there properly, took me a long time. These hands, like the rest of me, theyre broken. Useless and good for nothing. Like me. Like everything he says this without any self pity, without any emotion. 
Thats when I saw you. My neck was already in the noose. Last cigarette in my lips, like the condemned man. I was about to step off the trunk, when I heard the noise. The screaming. The girl holding her neck. Your face and your eyes. Like they were next to me, like the window magnified everything. Your eyes. Theyre not like that anymore, theyre calm now arent they, like you have it under control. But they werent calm then, were they, they were like fire and she knew that. But you couldnt help her, could you. I know you tried. You wouldnt have tried with me, but you tried with her. Give me a cigarette.
All three of us start smoking again, and with a nod of his head the farmer indicates an old box, by the door. I rummage through it, through the dust and debris and find an ancient bottle of vodka; we pass it around ourselves, and he takes a long drink before wiping his mouth and, I think, finding the strength to carry on. I find myself with the bottle still, and carry on taking sips as he begins to talk again.
And then there was the horse. They thought it was my horse, they came round to tell me they were sorry it was dead. But it wasnt my horse. I dont have a horse. I dont have any animals anymore, but I never had a horse. I know though, I saw it, I know they thought it was mine, and they were sorry that you killed it. But you didnt kill it, did you? You didnt. You saw it but you didnt kill it. I saw it too, and I also know, I know it wasnt a horse. I know it wasnt what they think it was.
My breath catches and I take a long drink. What was it?
It was... I dont know. It was just. But I remember you. I remember your look. I thought I was afraid, with the rope round my neck. But I saw your eyes, your eyes when you saw it. And you know what I thought?
I thought that whatever happens, even if I just sit in this chair for the rest of my life, smoke cigarettes and drink myself to death, it cant be worse than that. So I took the noose off my neck, stepped back down and then threw it in the fire. I watched it burn, I saw your face in the flames.
What was it? I ask again, my voice catching in my throat. Tell me what it was.
What was it? You know what it was. You know. I dont know but you do. You know what it was. 
He hauls himself up, eventually, and he starts coughing. A loud, metallic rasping, he puts his hand out and leans on me and I let him, as the shit and the blood comes onto my white silk shirt. He steadies himself for a second and wheezes out his words, thank you, thank you for coming and then the coughing takes him again, harder and more vicious this time and he falls to his knees, struggling to control himself. I nod to her and we start to head out when he calls me back. Hes holding something in his hand, I dont know where it came from, but hes offering it to me.From my wife, he whispers. I take it and we walk out of them, leaving him to suffer in his old and broken house, the noise following us as we get back in the car. 
Sitting in the car, I unwrap it carefully, and take out a thin tablet. It feels like stone but its not, its very black, very smooth.
What is it? she asks.
A black mirror I whisper. 

Chapter 19
OK starts Simon, why is she here?
Everyones silent, till eventually I realise that its me hes asking the question to
Erm, well you invited her I start, I mean, look at everyone in my apartment, even him..., I point to the strange guy, in the corner, dressed in black, hitting his head with an axe.
No, not her, her hes looking frustrated now and thats a bad place for him to be. I nod apologetically at Jenny and follow his gaze to Ruth, whos sitting quietly, sipping coffee and gazing at me.
Well, erm, shes with me... Now I nod apologetically at Ruth and help myself to more gin. 
We dont even know who she is. Remember Tim Bateman, what a disaster. I know shes been vetted, but...
Well I didnt get the MRI scan Ruth interrupts.
He looks at her blankly for a second. Well exactly he continues, she didnt even get the MRI scan. I mean, I know she looks, nice, if a bit, well, wrinkled and old, but we cant discuss this stuff in front of her.
OK, youre right, you do have a point about the way she looks, I concede. So, erm, Ruth...would you mind I trail off.
No, its fine, starts Jenny, we are going to meet in the office, were getting picked up in a minute. Beryl, our Head of Strategy, is joining us
We have a Head of Strategy? I ask.
Dont worry says Ruth, I will find a bar and drink myself to death there, give me a call when youre done.
Yes, of course says Jenny
Great idea, replies Simon, try the Death Bar, its round the corner, Ill join you there later.
Whos Beryl? I ask, do you have a cigarette?
Beryl, you know Beryl, Beryl. Everyone knows Beryl says Simon impatiently, here, take this card, they will give you a discount, ask for the Destruction Cocktail, if you can handle that I'll buy you a car."
The only Beryl I know is Beryl.
Exactly, says Jenny, Beryl. She gives me a cigarette, but its a girls cigarette, too long and too thin. I break it in two and pour the tobacco into my mouth. 
Beryl the cleaner? That Beryl? I say between chews. Hmm. Tobacco chewing isnt everything I thought it would be.
Yes smiles Jenny, turns out she was really good at strategy."
Bye, darling says Ruth, as she gets up, brushing her lips against my hair, though I notice she exchanges a mischievous glance with Simon as she leaves.
Right, come on everyone says Simon, loudly, and we all troop out to the waiting stretch limo.
***
An outside catering company is doing our coffee. The beans have been flown in that morning, and theyre now being crushed, by hand, by a tall blond girl with incredible legs. Shes almost naked except for the flimsiest of bikini bottoms, and I wonder if that adds to the taste of the coffee.
OK, starts Simon, we have a lot to cover. Beryl, would you take us through the agenda please?
Beryl must be at least one hundred years old, shes still wearing cleaners clothes and has a cigarette hanging from the corner of her mouth that looks like its been there forever. Shes changed her hairstyle though, to be fair, it looks like its been bleached and is now in small, clumpy spikes around her head, a little like a bamboo forest. Right, she clears her throat and wipes her hand across her mouth, then moves slowly past all of us to where the coffee has just been served into ivory cups. She reaches into her back pocket, pulls out a half bottle of blended and pours it all in the cup which she grabs in her fist. After a long drink she turns and faces us. 
First  her accent is thick, heavy, we have the sacrifice. I'm referring, of course, to the sacrifice that was reported to John by this Carver person. We've used our sources, checked it out. Very strange. Very weird. Definitely, I mean no question, this was the real deal, professionally carried out. And I can also add," she stops, clears her throat, spitting on the table, and throws back another huge gulp of whisky, "I can also add that it's known, it's straight out of the manual. Interesting, because of course, it means that someone definitely had knowledge. Jenny, as our head of research, has done some work into this and  
Right, starts Jenny, and  
Beryl swipes her, not viciously, but hard enough to draw blood, and Jenny stops, allowing Beryl to continue, and it seems that this is erm, something special. The way her face was cut, the way the blood was drawn, the way the entrails were left out in a very specific way. A very specific shape. Look -"  and she turned, panting, to point at the screen, where some photos came up. Pretty impressive, they drew gasps from the table as Beryl skilfully navigated the projector. Then the was silence as she stood, still, her hands clasped in front of her, waiting.
"You see," she whispered eventually, "all of this done to an extreme level of skill, even down to the finest detail, right according to the references. And all of it points to one thing."
"What?" I whispered.
She stepped towards me, her bulk brushing up against me, and leant close, letting me smell the nicotine on her breath. "An Elvira Ten. Silence around the room. Im thinking three things; first, I had never heard Beryl speak before. In fact, I had thought that she couldnt speak, given the fact that she only grunted when she used to clean my office, on her hands and knees by my desk. Second, I hadnt realised that Jenny was our head of research, but then again I had no idea what Jenny did. Third, I had no idea what Beryl was talking about.
But looking around the room, everyone else seemed to get something. I dont go for these things, but it really did seem that the temperature had dropped in the room. No one, for a few seconds, looked at anyone else, even Simon was put out and stared down at his coffee. 
Then he started. Yes, thats right, an Elvira Ten. Of course, we all know what that is, especially John. But before I let him speak, let me just give you my own thoughts on the matter. The only other time, and I mean the only other time, we came across Elvira, it was a three, and that, as some of you remember, caused us years of rework, not to mention the destruction. Not to mention the shit that we had to clear up
Are we sure its an Elvira 10? Shaun asks, and Simon turns to him. 
Good question. Well, no we cant, of course not, be completely certain. No one in our network actually has experience of that, very few in fact have any experience of anything like it. But we can project, we can extrapolate, we can use the references, and it looks very much like that. And you can just imagine how hard it is, how much effort they must have gone to in order to create it. So thats what we must be prepared for. He lets the words hang.
But what does it mean? asks Jenny. All eyes, for some reason, turn to me. I smile and shrug, so Simon continues. Well  of course, it depends on the level of power, the level of usage, how its channelled and where its directed, of course it does, but it potentially creates a very grave and very unpredictable problem. So the key questions are, first, who, and second, what do they want. Critically, is that anything to do with us?
Jenny gasps. You think and she whispers the last bit, it could be Bateman?
Simon looks at her, I can see that look on his face, the redness coming through. I think hes going to shout at her, but he tenses his hands, controls it, and drinks his coffee. It could be, Jenny, it really could. Thats what we have been thinking. If it is, and if hes used our technology to get it, then this time, I will want his blood!
I could always kill him, suggests Beryl helpfully. 
Simon raises his hand. OK, well lets just hold back on that for the moment. Were going to put together a task team, a focus group, an implementation squad to deal with this and answer those two questions. Jenny, I want you to lead it, draw on any resources that you want, OK, but get me results in two weeks. You understand, all, of course, how important this is, how we cannot afford to let them have this. 
Jenny nods and sips at her coffee. I notice that the semi naked, blonde, long legged coffee grinder has finished and is now sitting at the boardroom table with the rest of us. She has had to move the glasses, coffee and papers out of the way otherwise her breasts would keep hitting them. 
Simons holding his hand to his head, looking pensive. He turns to Jenny. Final thought?
Final thought, she answers, is that the Elvira 10 is probably 25 times more powerful than the Starman, which we used for Johns last project. Look what that achieved.  Again, everyones staring at me, so I nod, sagely and light another cigarette.
Beryl coughs again, spitting more phlegm onto the table. Now, this brings us on to, of course, the farmer, and Johns quite enlightening encounter with him.  Now John,  she slaps me on the back and I almost choke, has sent you all a report on what happened with the farmer. She pauses, but Im not going to say anything after what I saw she did to Jenny, so she continues. The farmer seems to know much more than he should, he seems, from what we can gather, although of course it will take some time and persuasion to share this, a quite detailed knowledge of the actual event itself. By this, of course, I mean the sacrifice. Quite unusual. I have come to the conclusion that this constitutes reality refraction syndrome. As she turns, the lights dim and the screen comes alive; three letters appear in the middle  RRS; they are flashing in different colours. 
Most of you will of course be aware of, even familiar with,  RRS, but if youre not, please let me explain. Its the ability to perceive something that happened whilst you werent there, or that should have happened whilst you were there, but in fact, didnt. Its a reflex syndrome and therefore could happen to anyone, in theory, but in practice it is influenced heavily by the use of certain drugs. Weve used RRS in our research many times to try and predict the outcome of certain conflicts, as it taps into the subconscious of the subject, and projects a, kind of mirage, of the perceived consciousness. 
Its unusual for it to happen without intervention, though, very unusual, so either this is a rare subject we have, or there is outside interference. I would say, in this situation, we are talking about the latter. Now   and for emphasis she leans forward across the table to us, her bulk causing the table to shudder but not fall  now, of course, the key to this is his wife.
Do we know who his wife is? asks Jenny.
Beryl walks towards her, and for a second I think Jennys about to get swiped again, but this time Beryl just puts her huge arm across Jennys tiny shoulders. No, dear, we dont. Not yet. But we need to find out. And urgently. I think it is totally related to the Elvira situation.
Agreed says Simon. We need to find out who the wife is. And what shes done. And whether she has anything to do with Elvira, or the sacrifice. And dont forget, we also need to ensure that the farmer is kept under control. The police already know about him, they havent made the connection yet, but they will.
I could always kill him, suggests Beryl helpfully. 
Er, no, not yet Beryl. What I want to do is set up another task force, to deal with this. Ive appointed a new Head of Investigations to lead this, he nods his head and we all turn to look at the bare breasted, inconceivably long legged, blond coffee crushing temptress at the end of the table. Shala McMartin is an expert in these things. Shell lead this one, and shell get me results in two weeks.
Shala nods, and smiles, but says nothing. Probably a good idea. 
Do we know who the girl is? I ask. Everyone stops shuffling and stares at me. Great question, I must ask it again. Do we know who the girl is, you know, the one who was..." I tail off, seeing them all staring at me.
Shaun scratches his head and replies, John, youre saying you dont know who the girl is?
I look at him. I should, right?
The girl who was sacrificed? That girl, the girl on the stone table?
Yeah... I say slowly. the one Detective Carver couldnt identify. Id assumed she was some kind of tramp or something. Theres an uncomfortable silence and I get the feeling now that my questions have turned from extremely clever to extremely stupid. That and the dark clouds, I think, mean that I quite urgently need another happy pill.
Its Simon who speaks next, slowly and deliberately. The reason, John, that she couldnt be identified, is the same reason none of us can be identified.
Right,  I reply, nodding my head. Right. Er, and that is?
Simon sighs, and that is because we are all ex-portfolio, as I, erm, think you know." he waits, looking at me, and I think I must look quite stupid right now. "Erm..." I manage.
Another deep sigh from Simon. "Whenever anyone joins our organisation, John, all of their records, anywhere are wiped. He pauses. Which you, as secondary partner have to actually authorise, right? Hes given up on me saying anything sensible now, I think, so he just continues. And the reason that Detective Carver couldnt identify the girl, is because she used to work for us. In fact, she used to work for you. In fact, John, since you obviously seem to have forgotten, you were actually married to her for three years.
Even Beryl looks a little embarrassed now, if I judge by the kind of purple hue of her face. But I feel strangely comforted by this revelation, at least it explains why all the stuff in my apartment seemed to have been chosen by someone with appalling taste. And on top of that, if you look past all the blood and cuts, she was actually very good looking; and young. Of course I realise that everyone is looking at me, maybe they're jealous. "And we got divorced, right?"
Shaun's actually sniggering now, but Simon puts his hand on his arm and Shaun strips, suddenly. "John", I turn and see Jenny talking in a very soft, very gentle voice. "John, she ran away, remember, ran away after you..."
"That's enough!" snaps Simon, and Beryl smacks Jenny on the head again, quite hard this time.
"John-" says Simon.
"Er - yes?"
"Why did you give the authorities your details?"
"What?"
"When you crashed, why did you hand over your actual name? Instead of your standard one?"
"What about my wife? What was her name?"
"What?"
"Why did she leave me?"
"Forget your wife!" Simon snaps, he holds his hand up quickly to stop Beryl from swiping me. "She's dead! Very dead, in fact. Move on. Look, when you crashed, you gave your actual name and details to the police, instead of the standard ones you were supposed to give. None of us are really sure why you did that...? 
"Erm, that was stupid, right?" I smile, shrug and light a cigarette. Simon stares at me, shaking his head. "Oh," he mutters, "let's just move on."
 Now continues  Beryl, next we have the policeman.
Ah, the policeman, smiles Jenny. This time, Beryls smack is so hard that it creates a vibe around the room; Jennys beautiful head  falls onto the desk, a slow trickle of blood staining the paper beneath her. Simon sighs, and people scurry in to attend to her.
The policeman, sighs Beryl, is someone we can find nothing out about at all. Absolutely nothing. The only thing we can say about him is that he is legit, but beyond that we have no idea where he works, what he does, how he has any connection to us, or to anything to do with us. We have some theories, though, that I have been working on, the first is that...
Hold that thought says Simon. Right, lets have a large drink and then we can finish.
But, shouts Beryl, were only halfway through the agenda!
Simon puts his head in his right hand, yeah, but I am bored now. Lets get on with what we agreed and then meet again in a couple of weeks. Dont let me down, anyone, and get me a whisky, someone. Now and he turns to Shaun. His voice gears up a notch. Shaun, I cannot believe, I mean, I seriously cannot believe that you allowed John to be put into a position where, first, a policeman (spitting out the word), was allowed into his apartment, and then, even then, after that, you actually (voice getting higher now) walked out and allowed him to be interviewed (hands in his hair) by this policeman. I mean... 
Shaun looked down, I could actually see the sweat forming on his forehead. Strange. Shala needs to speak to you right now Simon finishes, and Shaun looks very nervous.
Now John, we need to talk, Simon continues in a much more affable tone, turning to me. He takes me by the arm and leads me to his own personal office. Its not that large, but he has spent a lot of time getting it to where he wants it. The walls are panelled in ivory and crocodile skin. 
We sit on the huge leather armchairs and watch the cityscape from the windows. Our drinks arrive, and gratefully I light up another cigarette. 
Right, John, you seem to be mixed up in all this, and Im not sure why. Doesnt matter though. What matters is that you need to lay your head low now for a few days. If this Detective Carver comes back, dont talk to him. Theres no way he should get into your apartment again now that, the security concerns have been fixed. But whatever happens dont talk to him, OK?
Yeah, no problem,  I sigh. Not a hardship, I didnt like him anyway. The whisky is extremely good. 
Second, you need to get on with the next project. Have you seen the news recently? he doesnt wait for an answer, he doesnt even pause. The Chinese are destroying everyone, everything, the balance has gone too far the other way. We need to support its equalisation.
I nod, and say, "Erm."
"You do understand what I'm talking about, right?" 
"Erm..."
"OK John. Right." he props himself up in the chair, takes a long slow drink, and starts to talk. Slowly.
"Right. We sold the technology to the Chinese. You remember, right?"
"Yeah, yeah, of course" I say quickly.
"And you've seen the news, I take it?"
"Yeah, of course, the news. Can I have another drink?"
"Things out of control? Indestructible armies? Threats of nuclear retaliation? You've seen this, I take it?"
"That was us? Cool."
"Not so cool, really. You see..."
Couldn't we just sell the technology to the enemy? I say suddenly ask, but Simon just laughs.
First, we have a total exclusivity agreement with them. They would destroy us. I know they want to destroy you, even now, but at least its limited to that. Thats a little comforting. 
He gets up, in his stride now and walks to the enormous window. Second, it would destroy the capital we invested. Everyone would get it, we wouldnt be able to control it, it would be worth nothing. But and he shakes his head, but  as a last resort, yes we could do this. Total nuclear conflict and destruction of conflicting forces are not in our interest. There would be no capital to be gained, and we would have nothing left to bargain with. So, yes, we could. However  and he waits, for me to speak I guess. How long has it been since I had a happy pill? 
However, I say...
"However..." he carries on, "John, we could get a way out, couldn't we... We could use..."
"We could use?"
"We could use Project..." Simon sighs, and hands me a little package with a smiley face on it. I rip it open and throw the pill into my mouth, washing it down with the whisky.
We could use Project Beta!" I laugh.
Exactly! and he claps me on the back, "so get to it!" Gratefully I rise, ready to go.
Oh, one more thing he says, just as I am leaving, and I turn back.
Stay in your apartment, John. Dont leave. Weve set up the lab upstairs for you to work, everythings there that you need, you will get a fresh set of subjects whenever you want. Anything else you want, food, drink, drugs, hookers, just dial nine. Just dont leave the apartment, leave whats her name, Ruth, alone for a while. Its too risky, OK?
OK I answer resignedly, and then a thought hits me, what about Shala?
Shala? he laughs. Shes asexual. No interest at all, why do you think shes so uninhibited? Now, go, the limos downstairs. He gives me a huge hug, and I leave, recovering my breath. 
Downstairs I enter the limo. To the Death Bar I say to the driver. Simons right, but youve got to enjoy life. 


Chapter 20
The Death Bar is pretty new. Its been open about six weeks I think, or so Im told, at least since the current conflict began. All along the walls are screens showing images of war, of people dying, screened over and over, the same thing. The floor is wet and sticky, the lights are so dim that you cant really tell whats down there. I fight my way to the bar, and order a Destruction Cocktail and a Jack Daniels. Although its completely packed, Ruth sits waiting for me at a high table, one of the spotlights highlighting us and turning her bleached hair into a darkened red shade. A screen in front of us is replaying the same black and white footage. A Japanese kid, wearing military uniform and a helmet, holds a pistol in his small hand. Hes holding it up towards the camera, he doesnt really know what to do or how to use it, you can see that in his confused face, but nervously he fires, then fires again, six times. His expression, you can see, turns to fear as a hand reaches out suddenly, grabs his arm and in a sickening, silent twist, breaks it, almost rips it off, taking the pistol and turning it back to his forehead. Tears actually appear in this kids eyes, this kid who cant be more than fourteen, and the image freezes on him for a second, on the fear and the eyes, then lets go and speeds up as the bullet explodes into his brain, blood splatters the camera and the image goes dark. 
Ruth and I turn away and stare at each other. She, I think, almost looks distressed, just for that tiny moment. Then its gone and that cruel, wicked, seductive smile reappears. So she shouts above the noise, youve got the Chinese sorted then
I give her a questioning look. What do you mean?
Well, forgive me for jumping to conclusions, but you show us that youre immune to bullets, then suddenly this Chinese army turns up, indestructible and invincible, and starts causing havoc around the world. 
She pauses and sips her drink. Can I ask you something, though? What happens, say, if you need surgery? I mean, is your skin, totally invincible?
Theres a reversal procedure I say quietly. 
Ah. And what about weaknesses?
Weaknesses?
Never mind, she answers. So tell me about the Chinese
 I raise my eyes questioningly at her. Tell me what its like, she says. The Chinese have this massive power, the only way people can stop them is, of course, the nuclear option, but of course, they cant do that, so what happens?
I ponder my Jacks and quietly take a happy pill. I can feel it start to work, calming me, exciting me, liberating me, for a short while at least. 
What happens? What happens to whom?
Well, she stutters. I assume you... dont want to kill everyone?
I look at her, sigh and stretch my body. No, we dont want to kill everyone. I dont actually want to kill anyone. I ponder this as Im saying it, and then add, just to clarify, not that I actually care if anyone gets killed. Its just what happens, its just the output, the product.
Ruth is really quite rock and roll, she throws back the rest of her Destruction Cocktail with a cheeky grin and waves at the bartender, who acknowledges her above all the noise, all the other people. I see a waiter trying to fight his way out, the cocktail balanced precariously on a silver tray. I get your amorality, John. In fact, in some ways, I quite admire it. But you see the pictures around you, even in here! I mean, even in this dump, although the drinks  she gratefully receives her new glass  are damn good, even in this hellhole celebration, you can tell they dont quite mean it, theyre celebrating cos theyre scared.
Even you  I cant believe she can drink a second one of those  must get, just the tiniest bit affected.
I shake my head. Im sorry. Its not like that. Maybe I do, maybe I would get affected by those images, just like everyone else, just like you, just feel, for a second, sorry for those poor young fuckers. Maybe, I dont know. Even if I did, it would be just like everyone else, and after my second sip I would have forgotten. But thats not what youre asking is it? Youre asking me if I feel responsible. Why? Because I developed it? Because I sold it for money? Lots of money?
The same waiter, looking a little battered now, brings me another drink, doubly impressive as I hadnt ordered one. Im grateful anyway, especially as he leaves the bottle on the table. 
Why should I feel responsible? People make their own choices, and all Ive done is give them an opportunity to do that. So far, the Chinese have just killed soldiers, well, mainly anyway, so what would it have mattered if we gave it to the enemy? You think it would have been any different. Im just exploiting the power that God gave me, or at least allowed me, to use.
Ruths staring at me with such a broad grin, that it makes me think of a few things. My goodness, John, youve actually expressed an opinion. And even better, one thats thought through, even if your logic is totally naive. I wont even comment about what you said about God, I dont know where that came from. You dont really strike me as a believer. Mind you, you mentioned it in that speech you made when I first met you, Id wanted to ask you about that but you never talk.
You dont have to have morality to believe in God. May I? and I take the remnants of her fourth Destruction Cocktail, and try a little. Not bad.
You still have a problem with the Chinese though, right? However you want to dress it up. Go on, finish it, look theyre bringing me another.
I cant refuse. Personally you mean? Well yes, though how do you know? Simon tells me that theyre after my blood, as apparently I shouldnt have announced our invention at the ball. Shame, really, I was quite proud of that, I thought I did a good job.
Spectacular. You certainly got everyones attention, though it might have been different had I actually killed you. She winks at me. Were having to shout at each other now, the music and the dancing are getting closer, spilling out of the dance area into the drinking area, with the new, in vogue, Death Dance. I had heard about that, though not actually seen it before, the way that people act out final death throes in each others arms, to dark and heavy music. In some extreme clubs, they also use knives, the pain and blood adding to the authenticity. Or so Ive heard. 
The Chinese are after your blood, then? Strange, they seem to be friendly enough.
What do you mean? I ask. Ruth nods to her right, and winks at me. I turn my head slightly, and on the table next to us, sit six people, all young, all Chinese, all dressed in black leather trousers and black silk shirts, all smoking, all with crew cuts, and all looking at me and grinning. Shit.
Would you like to dance? Ruth asks. I touch a button on my phone. Yeah, what the hell.
Ruth gets up. I get up and theyre on me, I cant say which one, they all look the same, but one is right next to me, I can smell his sour breath on my face and something poked in my back. Youre leaving with us now he hisses. 
I can be quite cool. I stare at him in the darkness, then deliberately look down at his nondescript pistol. You are serious arent you? I say mockingly. You know why your bosses want me? Ruth is there, too, hands on her hips. 
He snarls at me. You too eh? You fucking too and he shakes his head, but I have no idea what hes talking about. Youre just like the rest of them, just because Im young, youre just jealous. Its like them, they dont think I can do this, they make fun of me, just because I have less, I mean, I can do this job. You better believe me, dont underestimate me, I will shoot you. Look in my eyes, you can see there, I am vicious. And just to prove a point, he pokes me hard with the gun, which I have to admit, hurts a little. Just my luck to get some assassin with a chip on his shoulder.  
I touch his arm, No, look, you dont understand..." and I wipe away the sweat from his face, "Go on, I say, go on, pull the trigger, see what happens, really I dont mind. I put my hand on his and we stare at each other for a second.slowly i am starting to put some pressure on him, slowly i am starting to squeeze the trigger, slowly i see his yellow eyes start to turn red but, I can see the lines of sweat run down his face as he's looking at me. Slowly, we are getting closer, suddenly he jerks his hand back and waves the gun at me. I can, Ill show you, I can, hes half shouting now. I notice absently that a few of the dancers have drifted over to see whats going on. 
Well go on then, I say, its fine, show me. And I do think, to be fair to him, that hes about to, when hes interrupted by one of his friends putting a hand on his shoulder. All of the rest of them have got up, and theyre sniggering. This is kind of a weird kidnap. And where are Shauns men? The second guy says Hey, baby bro, dont worry, let the men handle it from here, pushing him gently aside. None of them look any older than him, but hey. The rest of them are suddenly around me, and they move quickly, before I can act, they have shackles on my hands, feet and neck, five of them, theyve got me. Theyre starting to drag me towards the exit, Im protesting but theres not a lot I can do. Quite a crowd has gathered now, and they part to allow the men access.
Then suddenly theres a shot and everything stops, my captors turn and I think thank God, a bit late Shaun but at least youre here. its not Shaun though, its not his men, its that first kid, it's Baby Bro and he looks really pissed off. Hes aiming his gun at one of my captors now. More people arrive, and you can sense the excitement building. A few people are videoing it. 
You knew, you bastards, didnt you, you let me get up there and make a fool of myself, I cant believe it, motherfuckers!. He really is angry.
One of the guys (Ill call him Man One, or Keith), hes actually the guy whos got the gun pointed at his head, raises his arms and starts, Hey man, listen, it was just a little bit of fun, we know how you like to use your gun, we didnt mean nothing by it...
Yeah, goddamn right I like using it, Baby Bro screams and he actually shoots Keith, straight between the eyes. A little blood catches me in my eyes but I cant move my hands, so I cant wipe it off and it stings a little. These guys should have had my treatment before they arrived. A few cheers go up from the crowd as Keith slumps to the ground. Man Two, whos holding the shackle to my neck (Ill call him Keith now) lets go, which is a relief, and draws out a long thin blade, in the same movement, throwing it at Baby Bro, quite a skill, but not as much as BB, who actually catches the blade in his left hand, twists it and throws it back so quickly, that Keith doesnt have time to react before it enters his throat and he falls, blood bubbling out of his mouth. I have to admit that Baby Bro, despite being a little sensitive, is really quite good. The audience appreciate it too, as quite a loud cheer goes up. As Baby Bro pauses to stem the blood from his left hand, a couple of the dancers actually grab Man Three (Keith) as hes about to catch Baby  Bro (definitely the hero now) unawares and whip off his head with a mean looking sword. I have no idea where he was keeping that. 
Baby Bro smiles and nods his thanks, before taking the sword, and slicing Keith in two, top to bottom, I pull back a little to avoid the right half hitting me, and I feel a little freer, there are only two people holding on to me now. The floors now quite sticky with blood, and Baby Bro slips and lands awkwardly, just managing to avoid impaling himself on the sword, but Keith One and Keith Two take the advantage, let go of me and jump on him, the three of them rolling into the blood. A few of the dancers join in, grabbing the aggressors and hitting them, stabbing them, whatever they can do with whatever they can find. The barman has joined now, wheeling in a state of the art video, capturing this no doubt for tomorrows feed. 
More importantly, though, Im free, for the moment at least, and I feel my hand being taken,  and dragged, by, of course, Ruth, who whispers time to leave, darling to me as we exit into the dark, warm, summer air. She hails a taxi and we get in quickly, shooting off into the night. 


Chapter 21
The energys there, the adrenalins rushing through us, were high, were drunk and excited and we're there, there and then, in the back of the taxi, oblivious to the driver as he accelerates somewhere. 
I come up for air half an hour later, the taxis still moving, everythings dark outside. A tray has opened out in front of me with a drink on it. I dont really know what it is, but I take it gratefully, and sip as I feel  Ruth next to me, greedily taking it from me. Theres a trill sound from my jacket pocket, as I reach inside for my phone, I notice the blood on my jacket, I cant believe it, this jacket cost me a fortune.
Hello? my voice is croaky, I need to have another cigarette. 
John? John, is that you? Are you OK? the voice sounds panicky.
Hello Shaun I sigh. So what went wrong?
God Im sorry. Im really so, so, sorry. Thank God youre OK. You are OK, arent you? but he doesnt wait to answer.  Please, John, please dont tell Simon about this, he cut my little finger off cos of the last one, hell kill me this time, John, please dont tell him!.  He really sounds upset.
But Im in a happy mood, so its OK. Calm down Shaun, of course I wont tell him. But what happened?
Well, look, its kind of a strange story, but you remember that Simon sent me to see Shala for my punishment? You remember, in the meeting, right? I have some vague recollection of that. Well, so I went to see her, and you know what she said? No, right, course you dont. She said nothing, cos she cant speak English! Instead she stripped me down, right down to nothing, youre getting this right? She takes off all my clothes, and shes of course just wearing a pair of panties, then she slips those off too and she actually takes a lighter and burns them. Were both there, were both naked. Now, you know what Im like, right? I mean, it was hard, right, and she wasnt saying anything, nothing at all, just looked at me with those strange eyes of hers. 
Lets play a game says Ruth. Shh, Im on the phone I whisper but she just licks my face. 
Then I dont know what she does, but suddenly Im strapped down, on her desk, buck naked, my dicks just sticking up there in the air and shes over me, like a cat. And you know what happened?
What I ask breathlessly. 
Its called the What Have You Done game. Do you know it? Of course you dont, Ive just invented it.
Nothing. Absolutely nothing. Well, no, not nothing. I mean she caressed me, she touched me, she licked me, for over an hour. She went all over my body, except where it mattered, I mean really, I couldnt do anything, couldnt touch anything, I was dying John, I really was. I could feel the sweat all over, I just wanted something to happen, if she could just release me, just for a second, but she didnt, and to make it worse she kept looking at me with those eyes, looking at me and smiling. And her hair. She let her hair just brush against me, against my face, my body, I mean youve seen her hair John.
Ill go first, says Ruth. OK?
I gulp for air. What happened?
Hang on, I need to explain the rules first! she slaps me playfully.
Well shes there, like I said, for such a long time. Shes just hanging. Her saliva is dripping onto my body. And she gets closer. And Im thinking, finally, this is it. I tell you, John, the tip of her tongue was on my...
And? I breathe.
And, lets say when I start, I think of something I have done that you cant possibly have done. And if I can, I get a point.
And then theres this huge sound. Like a roar, it felt in my ears at least, and this amazing pain that starts in my left hand and rips through me, and I turn my head, I mean Im gone, thats it, its all over, and of course, there he is, Simon, standing over me with this huge grin, with a  pair of pliers in his hand and theres just blood, and then suddenly the straps are gone and I look at my hand and its missing the little finger. I mean, the bastard ripped it off with a pair of pliers. And he and Shala, theyre there, theyre kissing and then theyre actually screwing, right in front of me, he hasnt even bothered taking his clothes off, just there like that, and Im yelling in pain, and I grab my shirt and wrap it round my hand, and Simon pauses for a second, I dont know how he has the control and he looks at me and he says Get out of here Shaun, and dont screw up again, and I tell you man, Im gone.
I dont say anything. 
So mine is, I have been to space.
John? Shaun is whispering now. 
Yeah? 
Well? Have you done it or not? Do you think we can get another drink? Ruth asks.
John, you see, you wont tell him, will you. I cant go through that again. Please, John. Im sorry I let you down. But after that, I just couldnt deal with anything. I had told him I would personally look after you. No one else. But how could I after that?  I forgot to monitor the situation. Then I got the call. I am really sorry John. Please understand. Please dont tell him.
I understand I whisper. But you know what, Shaun? Hell know anyway. And I hang up, turn to Ruth and say yeah, of course I have. Lets get a drink.


Chapter 22
The sound on the road changes and I can just make out from the harsh moonlight that we are going up a long, overshadowed gravel driveway, our driver starts accelerating, so hard we are pushed right back into our seats. Staring straight ahead I can make out the moonlit reflections of a large gothic mansion approaching rapidly ahead, as the tyres scream on the gravel and Ruth clutches my hand. The driver slams on the brakes and swings the car around violently, throwing me against the door and Ruth against me as the taxi stops and I feel the shudder go through my body. Stiffly I turn my head, rubbing my neck, and see Ruths smile as she shows me shes managed to avoid spilling her drink, which she gracefully offers and I gratefully receive. The door opens automatically and we tumble out, and the drivers gone before we can even say anything, leaving us there, on the gravel, our moonlit shadows thrown violently on the ground in front of the dark house above us, quiet and foreboding like the haunted mansions from our school days. We glance at each other, and Ruth resolutely takes my hand and marches me towards the entrance.
Inside, though, its completely different. I dont really go for colour, for description or for sentiment, but the vast array, the vast swirl that greets us, such a contrast from the outside, actually makes me stop for a second, makes us both stop, as a little woman scurries towards us, dressed in some overdone floral number that stirs memories, and she starts fussing over us, caressing us, chattering to us, and before I can get my bearings we are in a massive, white room, austere yet inviting, a huge bed on one side with sheets that snap to the touch, they are so new, so pristine, two champagne glasses laid in perfect symmetry around a bottle that is at least 250 years old, a maiden with a perfect face and perfect black hair, dressed in a white blouse and nothing else, holds it between her naked legs before uncorking it, pouring it for us and lying face down in the middle of the bed. Our hostess winks at me and leaves, I pick up both glasses and hand one to Ruth. We toast each other and then the tiredness sweeps over me so much that I dont even know what happens next.
Only the broken, fragmented recollections of a dark, bizarre dream, of a cold city and cold people.
***
Im jolted awake by something I dont understand. Where am I? Im alone and its quiet. Im naked in a huge bed. Its light, I realise, shards of light come through the heavy curtains and touch my face. Theres a sound, takes me a moment to place, its a phone, not my phone, but the phone, next to my bed. Uncertainly I pick it up. Hello? my voice is croaky, broken. 
Hello, good morning! the girls voice is so high and chirpy, full of happiness that it makes me catch my breath. Just to let you know that your colleagues are ready. Please dont rush, we have left breakfast, have a shower, do whatever you need. Thank you! and shes hung up before I can say anything. 
Breakfast is huge, an enormous, packed tray, I dont recognise most of the food on it, but then again I never eat food, as a rule, so its a welcome diversion, something novel. I pick at something that looks like bread, and I do drink the coffee, dark, thick and shockingly good. As I eat I look around my room again, it is spotless, immaculately clean and also completely ordered, no sign of anyone having been here, not even Ruth, not even me. Vaguely I wonder whether Ruth is around somewhere, but my mind feels a little fuzzy and I dispel those thoughts with more coffee.
Someones left new clothes in the wardrobe, its a fine jacket, koala wool I think, tailored perfectly for me over the white silk shirt. Before getting dressed, I appraise my body, still glistening from the shower, in the full length mirror. Still needs some more work, still not quite as toned as it should be, even after the pills I take. And something else, something darker, that I cant quite place, like a shadow across my face. But I dismiss it quickly and focus on my appearance. 
My shoes click against the whitewashed wooden floorboards as I make the long journey across the room, to the door hidden in the whiteness of the walls. It glides open at my touch, perhaps I am disorientated but I had remembered a passage that led across, and then down some steps to the colourful reception when we arrived last night. Now I am confronted by a small room, a kind of alcove, with no exits except for a spiral staircase, winding upwards mysteriously. I turn back and look at my bedroom, just for a second, just in case, then shrug my shoulders and start the climb. Life is full of surprises.
It seems to take me a long time to get up the stairs, I can feel my breath slightly laboured and the pain in my legs as I emerge, in another, completely white, small room. Theres a door here too, and this time I have to push quite hard, before it swings open to a long, featureless, white corridor. At the end I can just make out a hazy, dark brightness. A dull noise, low vibrating machinery, touches my head. 
[Im guessing this is where Simon is holding some sort of meeting, or conference, slightly surprising its so soon after the last one, but maybe the situation has changed.]
 I still feel slightly tired, slightly dizzy, as I make my way down the corridor to where the lights coming from, a grey, frosted glass door, and I can hear too that the noise is coming from the other side, but its more distinct now, its not all the same, more like voices, talking, droning, with no tone or depth. I reach forward to open the door, but as I touch it, it actually seems to disappear, turn into smoke, and I cant help but step through, and as I do the grey light becomes white and strong, the dull voices become loud and piercing, I put my hands in front of my eyes to shield them, and I stumble, trip, fall, strong hands grip my arms and lift me, surprisingly gently. And I find myself lifted up, and put back down. Carefully I take my hands away from my eyes. 
Im sitting in a very comfortable chair at the edge of an oval glass table, opposite two men, wearing phenomenal suits and dark glasses, both staring at me, smiling. Behind them there is no wall, only a huge glass window looking out over a countryside scene, a picture postcard scene, snow covering the fields and the trees, an old church in the background. Strange, I thought it was summer.
Good morning, Mr Paris; its the man on the right. Good to see you again. You look well. I stare at him. Perhaps I do but I have no idea... You dont recognise me? A shame, we saw each other recently. He takes off his shades, and his face is transformed into thin, striking pose of Detective Stephen Carver. 
He can obviously see my face change in recognition, and he smiles gracefully. May I introduce my accomplice, erm, I mean, my associate, Detective Ian Morrell. He slides his shades back on and touches his partner lightly on the arm. 
Detective Morrell nods, ever so slightly, and says Good morning, Mr Paris in a deep, quiet voice.
I cant speak to you without my lawyer present, Im afraid. I sound professional, and start to get up. 
Relax, relax, John says Stephen. just relax, were just having a chat here, no big deal, right. We havent even asked you any questions yet. So nothing to be afraid of. Nothing at all, OK.
I nod, uncertainly, not sure why. He seems much more confident than last time. 
Now we just want to get a few things straight, ask a few questions, thats all.
Erm, I start, I thought you said no questions. My voice sounds a bit panicky. I hope Simons not listening. No. He wouldnt do anything to me. 
No, no, I said we hadnt asked you any questions yet, not that we werent going to. Detective Carvers voice is smooth, silky, reassuring, like his big smile. I still feel panicky though. 
What happened to Ruth? I blurt out. 
Ruth? this is Ian, or Detective Morrell. He looks questioningly, but at his partner, not at me. Detective Carver replies, the mans girlfriend, and he turns to me and says, I have no idea, why, should we know? Has she gone missing too?
Shes not my girlfriend I mumble. 
Excuse me?
Shes not my girlfriend, just my friend.
Ah, OK, sorry, my mistake, you just seem to spend a lot of time talking to her and, erm, sleeping with her. Shes a little old for you, though, dont you think? You could do a lot better, handsome man like you. Mind you, its your choice, dont let me interfere, but I know a lot of girls, you just need to ask...
Maybe shes good in bed. This from Detective Morrell, but so low, so mumbled, Im really not sure I caught it right.
Neither is Detective Carver, clearly, as he looks quizzically at Ian and puts his hand on his knee, Excuse me, Ian?
Maybe shes good in bed he repeats, louder this time and Stephen nods, appreciatively, the man has a point. Is she good in bed, John?
Im about to nod, when I realise what Im doing and hold back. Look, I say, purposefully, why am I here? Why are you here, in fact? What do you want to talk to me about. Or just get off my case, Stephen I emphasise the last word to show him Im not afraid.
Thats Detective Carver, he replies quietly, firmly, and I mumble, sorry.
The reason were here, John he replies, is to make the world a safer place. Now, it seems to me that you have been mixed up in a number of, erm, strange incidents in recent weeks. Take, for instance, the ritual sacrifice of a girl at the same place, and at the same time, as a crash that you had. A crash whose details are still, shall we say, not very clear. I swallow. Take also, just for example, what seems to be  a fight, leading to a massacre, in a nightclub three nights ago, where six Chinese gang members died, as well as two members of our own public. Three nights ago?
Now, John, we would really like to understand your involvement in these incidents. And that of your company, and of your boss, a certain Simon Hart. How do they know his name, who he is?
Detective Morrell continues, taking over, I have to lean forward to hear him. Youre probably wondering how we know his name, who he is? He pauses. All in good time.
First, though, I would like to know, we would like to know, whether the name Elvira means anything to you?
My heart beats faster, but I betray nothing. Erm, no, should it?
They glance at each other. Detective Morrell reaches inside his pocket and pulls out something, a brown envelope, that he slides across the table to me. A grinning smiley, teeth bared, is drawn on the front. I gulp. 
Do you know what that is? he asks. 
I nod, nervously, shaking. That, he continues, is a Very Happy Pill. Do you know how rare they are?
I nod again, even more nervously, shaking even harder. He leans over to me until his face is close, until I can feel his breath, and he whispers would you like it?
My trembling hands reach over to the packet and start to undo it, I stop when his hand clamps down over mine. We stay like that, staring at each other. Detective Carver speaks again.
Elvira 
I sigh. Its a patented technology. Nothing, the hand doesnt move. Its a method for generating power, significant power. Theyre still silent, staring at me. I cant say any more than that, I really cant.
Detective Carver stands and stretches out his arms, he walks round the table and sits on it, next to me. Do you know about the name, Elvira? he asks. Goes back a long way, apparently. Apparently, John, Elvira was a witch.
A witch echoes Detective Morrell. 
A sorceress, I should say. And not of the good kind. Into the dark arts. He winks at me. The black arts he says slowly. Did you know that?
I shake my head and he gives me a warm smile. From his jacket pocket he takes out a packet of cigarettes and offers me one. I accept, of course. My right hand is still trembling slightly, as I accept a light, my left hand still caught.
Eighty three years ago, she died. You know, she has a strange history, fascinating actually. Before I became a policeman, I used to study the occult, and so I knew quite a lot about this. Id heard of Elvira. She has an interesting history. She started quite small, you know, love potions and the usual stuff. Her speciality was chocolate, she used to make her own chocolate bars and put a strange mixture in, a little risky, a little unusual. Occasionally it worked, occasionally it killed people. When it worked though, it was strong and powerful. Interesting, if you look carefully you can see a few things in history, a few pacts and the like that formed about the same time she got involved. The Kings Alliance, for instance, which of course prevented all out war, if you study the texts, if you do a little cross referencing, it seems possible, even probable, that she is there. May just be coincidence, you never know. She built a reputation, though, she was quite well known, feted, even, in some circles, some quite powerful circles. 
He stops for a second, and puts his hand on my cheek, looking me intently. She moved on. I think she was given a lot of help, but she moved on, and apparently, so they say, in any case, she developed this quite strange, quite amazing spell. It was called the Sun Spell. Maybe youve heard about it?
I shake my head. Ive heard about it says Detective Morrell.
Have you Ian? asks Detective Carver, appearing genuinely pleased, and interested. Really? I never realised you had an interest in such things.
Normally I dont, but I read a novel the other day that referred to it. I cant remember what it was called, Catch The Sun, maybe.
Caught in the Sun? Yes, thats right, thats exactly what Im talking about, it was a fictional account of the Kings Alliance and its aftermath. Not very well written but you cant have everything, can you? In any case, the Sun Spell, or so they said, caught the energy from the sun and enabled people to use it in pure, concentrated form. Of course, none of us believe that now, but it was certainly a convenient way of explaining some of the mysteries that still sit behind that time period, wasnt it? I find it fascinating. We still dont really understand what happened at that point, do we....
But I digress, he continues. Maybe thats why you called the process Elvira, if its all about energy and power. Is what why you called it Elvira?
 So, maybe, I dont know, maybe thats what it was named after. Im not in charge of marketing. I reply.
Ah, in Hart Industries, you mean? No, you dont look like the marketing type. Who is in charge of marketing, by the way?
Im sorry, I cant talk about that. 
Detective Carver raises his hands, OK, OK, sorry, so, tell me more about Elvira. Really powerful stuff, right? I look at him and he smiles, reaches over and removes the packet from under my hand. He plays with it in his hands and I feel like Im panting like a dog. 
You wouldnt believe. I shake my head. you wouldnt believe how powerful. I pick up a glass from the table.You see this glass? I could fill this. Just this one glass, could contain enough energy to power, say, all the cars in the world for the next ten years. Completely renewable, completely sustainable.
Impressive says Detective Carver. 
Solution to all the worlds energy problems  Detective Morrell says quietly. 
In one go says Detective Carver.
Strange that we havent heard about it says Detective Morrell.
Strange, and quite sad really, when you think about it. Think of all the issues that global warming has caused, and just imagine that all you need is this one glass says Detective Carver
Just this one glass, full of power says Detective Morrell
This one glass, full of power, and all our problems solved. I could drive my four by four and not feel so guilty about it says Detective Carver. 
We could probably even increase food production and stop starvation says Detective Morrell.
I could heat my swimming pool all year round says Detective Carver.
We could provide power and light to the poorest nations says Detective Morrell.
I could take my family on that trip to the North Pole says Detective Carver.
We could develop vaccination programmes for the worst diseases says Detective Morrell.
Do you have any coffee? I ask.
Can I have my pill now? I ask.
They both stare at me. 
So why havent we heard about it? asks Detective Carver
Why havent we solved the worlds problems? asks Detective Morrell
You havent been keeping it to yourselves, for your own personal gain have you? asks Detective Carver.
Have you? Really? asks Detective Morrell.
Why do you care? I ask.
He has! they both exclaim, turning to each other. 
Detective Carver is smiling broadly. So let me get this straight. You have this thing, right? You have this process and yet, instead of using it for the common good, you use it to make money?
To create your weapons of destruction? adds Detective Morrell.
Why do you care? I repeat.
I care because I want to be able to drive my huge four wheel drive vehicle without feeling any guilt replies Detective Carver.
I care because I care about the poor people replies Detective Morrell.
No you dont says Detective Carver.
Good point says Detective Morrell.
Please can I have my pill I say.
Just a couple more questions. Detective Carver gets off the table, and suddenly, harshly, grabs my shirt and pulls me up to face him. 
This is what makes me sick, more than anything else, about you, about your people. You have a choice, but you sell it so that people can kill each other and you can get rich? Who did you sell it to, some terrorist group, some renegade country, some destructive weapon that were only waiting to see the results of? You do it for so much money dont you. How much are you getting, billions, trillions even, Im guessing right? Hes speaking with almost a righteous rage, and I have to lean back to avoid the impact. You could get so much, in any case, yeah, maybe only millions, but who cares? How can you spend that money in any case? How can you justify that against all the misery that you cause?"
I dont know where I get the energy from, but I manage to pull myself away and speak. What makes you so much better? You still drive your big car, you still do everything you want, you havent done anything good, I bet have you. The only difference is that I had a choice. And the world will still get a chance to have this I shout. If its willing to pay the price I add more quietly.
But theyre both laughing now and Detective Carver actually slaps me on the back. 
Actually, Detective Morrell replies, we dont really care about that. What you do with all that is up to you. I must admit, though, I would like to have a car as cool as yours. He turns to Detective Carver. He has a very beautiful car.
Very beautiful agrees Detective Carver. Have you touched the bodywork? It feels like youre running your hand across a womans bare body. Its quite stunning.
Or a mans says Detective Morrell. He turns to me and smiles. Im gay he says by way of explanation. 
Yes of course, a mans replies Detective Carver. But thats not what were discussing, in any case, my sincere apologies for taking us off the subject, even if it was to discuss your beautiful car. Sincerely, my apologies. But the only reason that were interested in Elvira, is because of the murder. Thats what were actually interested in. The murder.
Mmm, this murder. Detective Morrell muses. Actually, we should say, these murders.
Yes, thats right, because, strangely enough, just after your visit to him, this farmer person, I cant remember his name, seems to have been found, ahem, dead. 
In a very unpleasant way adds Detective Morrell.
Yes, extremely unpleasant. At least, though, I dont think there were any unicorns present this time adds Detective Carver.
But well never really know, unless we have some help says Detective Morrell, and he slides a photo across the table to me. I glance at it, trying to make out what I am seeing. Do you have any coffee? I ask again, hopefully. 
Detective Carver sits down again, next to me, and puts his hand on my knee. So, John, this seems like another case of ritual sacrifice, wouldnt you agree?
Im not sure I understand I reply. Can I have my pill now please?
Well, if you remember, the last time we, erm, met, it was to discuss the ritual sacrifice of a lady, or erm, maybe a woman. An as yet, still I am afraid, unidentified woman. A real shame. And now we have, in a similar vein, a farmer, well, a man, who happens to be a farmer. Also, it would appear, sacrificed, although in a somewhat more brutal way. Quite imaginatively brutal.
At least we know who this is says Detective Morrell. 
Indeed we do. And the strange thing, the coincidence, if you like, is you.
Why? I ask, what does it have to do with me? All I did was visit him. It was actually you who asked me to visit him. When do I get my pill? At least if I had some coffee.
Well, erm, slightly more than that. Yes, youre right, I did ask you to visit him, I didnt ask you to murder him and then chop off all his limbs though. I would have remembered asking you that.
Detective Morrell starts laughing. Yes thats right, we admire your initiative, but really the guy just wanted to talk to you. My friend Stephen here is very much into upholding the law, he really doesnt encourage people to do this sort of thing.
Detective Carver is laughing too. That's right, I really dont encourage that sort of thing. In fact, I positively discourage it. But lets be serious for a minute. It really is a serious subject. The farmer was ritually disembowelled, and then had all of his limbs chopped off, all, it seems whilst he was still alive, on the same day, it would seem, that you visited him. If his diary is to be believed. His diary is quite interesting, by the way. Thats where we got the connection to Elvira. Although I must admit Im still baffled by it. What do the numbers mean, by the way?
Hes asking, but I cant answer, I just look at him. The numbers? I ask eventually, as I have to say something. 
Elvira Ten, for instance. That was what was written in his diary. In the margin, at least, next to the bit about his wife. What would that mean? Would it be something about the level of power? 
It sounds logical, doesnt it,  Detective Morrell answers him.
If you give me the pill, maybe Ill answer I say.
If you answer, maybe well give you the pill replies Detective Morrell, winking at me. 
We sit there for a minute, all waiting. 
Well, look, OK, lets come back to the pill in a minute, says Detective Carver, ratting the envelope in his hand. We just want to understand what happened here. You get picked up next to where a woman was sacrificed in a very bloody way. Then, a few weeks later, you visit a man, a farmer to be precise, in almost exactly the same place, in fact you can see the sacrificial field, shall we say, from the window of his house. And then the farmer is sacrificed too. The same day. And on top of that, in his diary, which is very interesting, by the way, hes scrawled something about Elvira. Which, as you say, is a technology that your firm has patented. Wouldnt you say thats a little bizarre?
And not only that adds Detective Morrell, but this womans identity is interesting, isnt it, Stephen?
Fascinating, actually agrees Detective Carver. He turns back to me to explain.I think we said that we dont know who she is. But we werent being entirely honest with you. You see, we do have quite  a good idea who she is. A very good idea, in fact.
A waitress enters and puts a cup of coffee in front of me. 
I hope the coffees OK says Detective Carter.
It certainly smells good agrees Detective Morrell.
Can I have a break, please? I ask.
Drink your coffee first says Detective Carver. Theres a knock at the door to the conference room, and we all turn to look. 
Simon stands in the doorway to the room, dressed in black, clutching a handgun. For all his bulk and lack of fitness, he looks like a commando in a rescue mission. His voice is steady and harsh. 
Do you know who I am? he asks.
The detectives appear to have lost some of their confidence.
Youre Simon Hart whispers Detective Carver.
Simon slowly, deliberately walks up to him and raises his handgun level. I cant help but notice the sleek lines of a Jones P2. I wonder if hes going to shoot. 
Simon Hart doesnt exist he says, steadily. You are CAT arent you? I thought we had an agreement. 
Detective Carver doesnt answer, just returns his look, and waits. I can see Simons finger squeeze the trigger. 


Chapter 23
Thank you I whisper. Simons concentrating on the road, or the sky, I cant tell which. We are going very fast. 
I was scared I add, but he doesnt turn, he doesnt look at me. 
We wait for a long time, I sit in the leather seat staring straight ahead of me, wondering about the Very Happy Pill. Wondering about Simon. Occasionally I steal glances at him, his brow furrowed in concentration, but of course, he looks pissed off, really, and I dont want Simon to be like this. I know what hes capable of. Not towards me, though. Hopefully. 
The heat of the day bears down on us through the windscreen. 
How did they know your name? I ask. 
You tell me whispers Simon, but still he doesnt look at me. 
I didnt say anything! I blurt out. Nothing at all, I promise you, Simon!
We land on the roof of my apartment building, but instead of getting out, we both just sit there, waiting. My clothes become drenched in sweat, I can feel the smell, the odour, from myself, but I cant do anything, I cant move, I have to wait, just wait and look at his face, the muscle, fat and tissue, the hard and cruel lines, the dark eyes and dark hair. 
He sits still, completely motionless, even the heat and sweat seem to recoil from him when hes like this and  I still cant, I dont dare, move. The sky begins to break and the sun starts to set, sending shards of red and orange through the sky. The sweat cools and dries on my body and I move my legs around constantly, trying to stave off cramp, fatigue and fear. 
Its past midnight before he does anything. And then its to make a call. Its me he says. Ill be there in twenty minutes. As he opens the door, he turns to me and says tomorrow we talk. And with that hes gone. 


Chapter 24
I thought I was very clear that you werent to talk to the police.
You were I reply. 
Simon puts out his hands. So, what, you disagreed with my advice?
But I didnt talk to them. I didnt tell them anything.
Nothing? You were in there for three hours, or whatever it was with them. What did you do, play cards?
I find Simon being sarcastic quite scary. Im stammering. No, no, of course not, its just that, well, its just that they talked, I mean they talked all the time, they hardly even asked me anything. They seemed to know so much, they...
What did they know? he interrupts suddenly
Well, they knew about Elvira, they knew...
They knew what Elvira was?
Well, sort of, yes, they thought, they had an idea, they knew somehow it was connected to the murders, the sacrifices. They werent quite there, they just wanted me to confirm things, that was all, but...
And did you? What did you confirm, John?
Nothing! Im sweating, shouting. Nothing, I swear, Simon, absolutely nothing.
Simon regards me, pensively, for a few minutes. Im sitting so still, not able to look at him. My happy energy is draining away so fast, I dont need this. Eventually, he nods his head, just once, just slightly, but I know its enough and relief floods through me. 
Why didnt you kill him? I ask.
It doesnt matter, John he says evenly. You dont need to get involved. Next week, well have our follow up meeting, and well go through it all. In the meantime, please, please, just stay here, work on your project and dont go out. Nowhere, not even for breakfast, not even for cigarettes, nothing, you understand? Do you think you can manage that, this time?
I nod, but I cant look at him. 
OK, good. Ill see you soon he says, getting up to go. 
Will you have Shaun look after me? I ask, quickly. I really dont want him to go, suddenly. I really dont want to be alone. 
Without looking at me, he replies Ive had to let Shaun go. Hes at the door. Desperately, I say, He had a diary.
Simon turns sharply. Who?
The farmer I say quickly. The farmer had a diary. Theyve seen it. It mentions Elvira, apparently.
What else?
Nothing,  I reply, thats all they told me. Simon walks back over to me and looks intently in my eyes. John, who do you think killed the farmer?
I have no idea I stammer. I didnt even know he was dead until they told me. 
He nods at me, turns, and this time is gone before I can say or do anything. And Im left, alone in my apartment, alone in my building, save for the faceless security agents, who work for someone now, not Shaun, God help him. 
I need to do something now. Time to work. And time to drink. 


Chapter 25
His dreams have always been strange. Like his eyes. Like the darkness of his heart. Somethings happened to them, however, theyre not as bleak or as cold as they used to be. Its as if, in his subconscious at least, hes turning towards the light, almost the polar opposite of what he feels is happening in his life. 
This is the coldest winter yet, since he came to this abandoned place. Faces are more downturned and downtrodden than usual. Most mornings he has to clamber over the freshly frozen corpse of another tramp, another homeless stray, before it is cleaned up and carted off. 
At work theres even ice on the desks, that he has to scrape off and dry down before he can start to do anything. Theyre all sitting there, in their big coats, huddled together, even inside, to get a little warmth and last through a little of the day. Hes at the end of the row, slightly apart, concentrating, trying to catch something of last night before it drifts, before it dies in his mind, dies in the cold. Water leaks into his eyes and freezes.
Mark? 
He turns. Mark, do you want to get some coffee? Come on, lets try and get warm.
He would smile but his lips are frozen, they would just crack and bleed. He nods his head slightly, and they leave.


Chapter 26
The sudden, unusual cry of loneliness is broken by the harsh, uninterrupted crackle of the storm. Days, weeks, months of oppressive heat broken and split apart, that I watch in wonder as I stand by the huge window in my living room and watch the rain cascade onto the streets far below, washing away dust, dregs, people, cars, as I watch and smile. 
The bolt of lightning is sudden as it is unexpected, cracks like whiplash against my window and throws me back like an invisible force into my room as the electricity hits the window and cracks it in two, as if it was aimed directly at me like some sort of retribution. And then, not at the same moment, but a split second later, the sky goes black against the yellow flashing light, and I see something, staring at me from outside, something, someone like me, but not me, larger, more tired, more grotesque. This disappears too, like it had never been there and is replaced by another image, my living room, in reverse, two figures, two women behind me, red in the light. 
Just as I get up, the noise shatters in my head, arms grab me and twirl me around, and everything becomes light again. I turn to see, still at least, a huge crack in my window. 
Afternoon darling purrs Ruth
Afternoon darling purrs the person next to her, a woman dressed in a Hart Security suit, I stare at her for a couple of seconds before recognition hits, its Elena, and I smile broadly, involuntarily as I realise I had been wondering where on earth she had gone. 
Elena I say stupidly. Ruth.
I was escorted upstairs by Elena smiles Ruth. Shes forgiven me for shooting her, shes so lovely.
I look questioningly at Elena and she smiles back. Were all so happy today. Well darling, since you kicked me out, I didnt really know what to do, so I went downstairs, and found a job with your security detail. Its quite amazing down there. 
Yes... is all I can say.
And then Miss La Fleure came in, she was looking for you, and of course she has been security vetted, so I escorted her upstairs. Tim wanted to do it, but Ruth insisted that it was me. Im so happy to be here.
Its great to see you back Ruth says to me, are you ready to party? Elena will stay with us the whole time, to make sure were not too naughty (she winks at me)  and that we keep you out of trouble. She wanders over to my drinks cabinet, and starts to mix two very large cocktails. As shes doing that, Elena comes up to me, she looks very chic, very desirable, in her tight uniform, it really hugs her figure, and I cant help stroking her breasts as she stands next to me. She slowly licks my neck. 
Ruth shouts yes and involuntarily I push Elena away, gently, as Ruth turns with two cocktail glasses. I extend my hand, but she ignores me, hands one to Elena and starts to sip one herself. The liquid inside looks very, almost luminously, green.
Erm, should you be drinking that whilst youre on duty I ask Elena; she looks up at me, hesitantly, and Im about to add something, when I feel a huge sting on my face, and see Ruth, who seems to have just slapped me. Lighten up, darling she says sweetly. What were you up to?
Well, I was just about to do some work in my lab when the storm...but maybe, now, Ill leave...
No, no, no, no, thats brilliant, I would love to see your work she cries, reaching into her pocket and tossing something in the air. Catch! and I grab out, catching it, I see it and gratefully throw the happy pill into my mouth. Lets go then I reply.
Theres a picture on the wall of my lab, its the only picture in the whole apartment. Its a painting of a naked woman, very beautiful, very dark, shes facing away so you can see her back, her head is turned slightly so you can just make out the beauty on her face, but more importantly shes looking sideways. More importantly for me that is, as the painting is next to the chamber, and in my mind, she can see, she can appreciate whats happening there. 
Ruth goes straight up to it, studying it, studying the woman, putting her hand on the painting and stroking, slowly, gently, the nude body. In the meantime Im flicking a few switches, lighting up banks of control panels, looking at Elena, who sits outstretched on the chaise-longue, smoking a cigarette nonchalantly. 
So I start, first we need a subject. 
Hmmm? says Ruth.
Do you want to see this? I ask.
Of course, darling! she says, prising herself away from the picture and coming back to me, standing by my side. I tap a few keys on the keyboard, as Ruth gazes longingly at the picture. Shes distracted by the noise and the strobe lights that come from the chamber, then suddenly theres a flash and theres a man, quite old, quite grey, standing there, wearing non descript overalls, looking questioningly at the glass window through which we observe him. He puts his old and wrinkly hands up to it and it looks like hes pushing.
Dont worry, he cant see or hear us, I explain, to him hes in a closed cell.
I tap a few more keys and light is thrown out behind him. We walk over and look in to see a spotless white room, with a single white table and two chairs, right in the centre. Theres nothing else there at all.
We go back to the control centre at the other side of the room and I tap a couple of the keys. Writing comes up on the screen in front of me 
Subject Name: John Alexander
Age: Sixty seven 
Ethnicity: Caucasian
Gender: Male
G1 tests: 100%
G2 tests: 97%
Length of captivity: 45 days
I love this bit. I touch a button, the screen shows
Microphone on. Please talk, Mr Paris.
I clear my throat, and the effect is immediate; the man twirls round, looking for the source of the noise. 
Good afternoon, Mr Alexander I start, trying to make my voice sound deep and provocative. He looks up, expectantly. 
I am going to ask you some questions I continue. Please sit down
Meekly, he turns, walks to the chair and sits. I touch a button and Muted appears on the screen.
Hes had the violence removed I explain to Ruth, otherwise the experiments may be flawed.
 Now, I continue, un-muting the mic, can you please tell me your name
John he says quietly, John Alexander
Thank you. Now I would like to ask you two questions, and please give me as honest an answer as you can. Please stay seated during all that time. Would you like something to drink, before we start?
No, no thank you, Im fine, but thank you for asking Hes looking down now, quiet, patient, like he knows what to expect. Ruth is standing by my side. Its warm in here she murmurs, then puts her hand suddenly to her mouth, sorry! she whispers. I touch mute. Dont worry, its programmed only to recognise my voice. She smiles and pulls off her leather top, revealing just a bra. I nod appreciatively. The screen changes again, some text appears on it, which I read out loud.
Now, Mr Alexander, my first question is this. Imagine you were alone, in a room with a man that you know. Now imagine that this man, had in some way, hurt, even killed, people that you love. And that in your hand is a pistol. You know that if you shoot this man, there is no way, absolutely no way that you would be held accountable. On the other hand you know that if you dont shoot him, he will walk out of that room, and will never be punished. Please tell me what you would do, would you shoot him or not.
The man looks up, he gets up, and he paces around the room. On the screen appears the word Analysing. He sits down again. Lots of data appears on the screen, hundreds, thousands of numbers. 
John Alexander looks up and says I wouldnt shoot him. I cant do it. Im sorry. I can actually see tears in his eyes. I am so sorry.
I am starting to say Thats OK but I am stopped by Ruth, who puts a hand lightly over my mouth. Hes not talking to you,  she whispers, hes talking to his family. Im about to start laughing but the look in her eyes silences me, even though I dont quite understand why. OK, erm, well I cough, and then I say Thank you, Mr Alexander, dont worry, just relax. I touch on mute, and then say to Ruth now, look. Elena actually gets up too, and comes over, standing on my other side. 
The screen blinks a few times and then comes up with
Analysis data complete
Request emotional response change? 
Yes I say
Response change swing required? Simple or Advanced
Simple
Please confirm percentage swing
Seventy five percent
Thank you. Processing. The process will take approximately five minutes. 
We wait. How does it work? Ruth asks
I go to the side of the chamber, to a glass cabinet. I should be wearing a white jacket, really, not my tailored silk suit. I may not have the personality for the mad professor, but at least I have the intelligence. Oh yes. Just watch.
I touch the cabinet. Look inside here I say.
Oooh, say both Ruth and Elena in unison, then they regard each other and laugh. I shake my head, realising theyre actually making fun of me. No, really,  I say, look. 
Okay,  sighs Ruth and she joins me and peers inside the cabinet. Theres a small, shiny metal canister inside with lots of tubes and wires coming out of it.
That I say grandly, is power. That is the heart of it all, that little thing generates more power than you could possibly imagine, and this I say, sweeping the room with my arm, is my latest application.
Whats in the canister? asks Ruth
Power
Yeah, I get power, but what is it, what sort of power?
Energy. Just pure, pure energy. Think of it like a tiny sun, living there, in that container.
Processing Complete states a mechanical voice.
That was never five minutes says Ruth.
That was one and a half exactly agrees Elena. 
Ignoring them, I go back to the console and touch it again. 
Mr Alexander? I ask.
He looks up. Yes, yes, Im here. His voice sounds different, slightly more certain this time. 
Thank you Mr Alexander. Im going to ask you the second question now, OK? He nods. 
Now, Mr Alexander, my second question is this. Imagine you were alone, in a room with a man that you know. Now imagine that this man, had in some way, hurt, even killed, people that you love. And that in your hand is a pistol. You know that if you shoot this man, there is no way, absolutely no way that you would be held accountable. On the other hand you know that if you dont shoot him, he will walk out of that room, and will never be punished. Please tell me what you would do, would you shoot him or not.
This time John Alexander doesnt get up, he doesnt pace around the room, he looks straight upwards, facing where he thinks the voice is coming from, and says in a firm voice I would shoot the fucker dead.
Elena whistles, and Ruth nods her head, appreciatively. And its reversible? she asks.
Completely.
No other damage?
Well, were still not entirely sure, there does appear, I have to admit, to be some psychological damage, but it doesnt concern us too much.
What sort of damage? Ruth asks
Some other emotional responses, such as fear, or jealousy, appear to be touched slightly. Thereve also been a few subjects who appear to have slid into a serious depression. In one case, catatonic. But were not really worried. It doesnt seem to happen often, and when it does, its normally at least twenty days later, so we can manage with that timescale. Im impressed by how I sound, very knowledgeable. 
And... continues Ruth what happens if you ask for a one hundred percent swing?
Then I say slowly, you can see the full force of human emotion being released.
They are silent, till Elena asks What happens to them?
To who?
To him, to them, to the people you experiment on
I scratch my head. Good question. Im not really sure. I know theyre here for a couple of months, maybe more, and then, well. Yeah, good question, Ill find out.
Elena and Ruth look at each other. So... what, Im being judged here? I ask, uncomfortably.
No, no, darling says Ruth quickly, soothingly. Just curious, thats all. Anyway, it is very impressive.
Ill find out, really I will. I even tap a few keys on the computer.
So... starts Elena.
So...?
So, you can control peoples minds.
Emotions. Just their emotions. And so far, for the moment, they have to be close. And controllable. We cant do it over long distance, though we're trying hard. Thats the trick. Thats what we need to do. At the moment, its impressive, but useless.
Well... says Elena.
Go on.
Well, you could always kidnap someone, change their emotional response, wipe their memory of the event, and then put them back. Like, say, a politician or something.
I consider this. Yes...Well, no, it just wouldnt work, would it? I mean...
Its a terrible idea cuts in Ruth. But how are you getting on with the distance experiments?
Yeah, well, its kind of tough for the moment. Ive had some success but limited. To be useful, it really needs to be through satellite and the signal isnt reliable enough to transmit the power. What seems to happen, is... well look, Ill show you. I turn back to the machine and enter long distance mode. Now, is there anyone you want to choose?
Erm... 
Yeah, ok, tough choice. Lets just go random. The screen goes blank and then fuzzy, gradually a picture appears, becoming more and more defined, and we can make out an aerial view of a street, it seems. It gets larger, you can make out the people walking along, though its still a little grainy and stilted. I have no idea where this is, but it doesnt matter. I touch the screen and it zooms further in, its almost possible to make out the features on the people now. I touch the head of a woman, she looks smart, dressed in a suit, long flowing hair. On the screen her image is highlighted, a white circle sitting on top of her head like a halo. Information I say. On the right of the screen we get the following
Subject Name: Unidentified
Age: Unknown
Ethnicity: Unknown
Gender: Unknown
G1 tests: Not tested
G2 tests: Not tested
Length of captivity: Not applicable
Transmit
Warning  insufficient data to perform accurate test. Likelihood of success: 37%
Warning  aerial objects in direct line of site of satellite. Likelihood of impact  97%
Please confirm transmission
Transmit I repeat
Transmission confirmed
Transmission complete. Summary statistics:

Target acquired
Two aerial interceptions
Interception 1: high impact, significant fatalities
Interception 2: low impact
Target being processed

What happened? asks Ruth

Hang on, look at the picture

We see the woman on screen, she wobbles slightly, drops her bag. Confused, she reaches down to pick it up.

Please confirm emotion control

Anger I say

ProcessingAnger isolated
Current level estimated as 13%. Please confirm relative swing

Lets say, erm, 50%

ProcessingTarget achieved

Now, youll see the issue

There are quite a few people around the woman as she reacts. The camera slides in to show a view in front of her, and its possible to see the change in her face, the smooth, elegant features crumpling and turning, the lines around her mouth and eyes hardening, and a sudden flash, actual red in her eyes before she starts lashing out, with her bag, her fist, at the person next to her. The man, young, fit, healthy, jumps back, shocked, and she comes after him. He has his hands around his head to defend himself, and she acts with a force that belies her frame, hitting, punching him, and he can do nothing except take it. She has her left shoe off now, shes stabbing at his body, his arms, his head with the stiletto, its very effective, people around have circled her, a few are trying to pull her back but she manages to fight them off too, still going at the man, struggling to hold onto her shoe as its slippery with his blood, until he crumples to the ground, lost, dying and she spins round to face everyone, a wildness in her face, her hands held out.

Quite a reaction comments Ruth.

That  is not the issue, this is, look.
Im right of course. As she keeps her hands held out, a couple of people walk tentatively towards her, and then recoil as her head suddenly, violently, explodes, sending bone and brain all over them. I tap the screen and the image disappears, its replaced with a single line that says

Target lost

Wow.

I nod. The issues is that we transmit the power via satellite. We have a number of distortions on the transmission process, so we have to compensate by additional power, a lot more. It seems to have unwanted consequences, though.

We all stand in silence for a moment.

And the aerial interceptions? asks Ruth

I sigh. Yeah, another issue. We basically shoot a high power laser from the satellite to the target. Its incredibly thin, incredibly hard to detect, so when it passes through buildings, or walls, although it creates a tiny hole, it is irrelevant. But, and this is the issue, if it hits an aerial obstacle, like, say a plane, in the wrong place, it can have, erm, unfortunate impacts.

Like, crashing?

Well, yes. We have been quite lucky, weve only caused the crash of three planes since we started working on this. Youve probably seen them on the news?

Three including this one?

Four I shrug.

I've got it! Elena looked so excited. Nano technology! Use tiny insects with wings to fly it there, and inject itself directly into them. You could even build in a location thing so you don't have to rely on satellites! 

We both stare at her. "Elena that's brilliant! Why did we not think of that? I pick up my phone and tap in a few numbers. Dan? Yes, its me, listen you're fired. I've got a new research head, she's here... Yes that's right. Before you go she's got a brilliant idea, I want you to get it sorted by tomorrow, ok?.... Hang on, let me ask her... Elena, do you want his car? 

Elena looks nonplussed, so I carry on, yeah, yeah I'm sure she will, ok, yes, hang on I hand the phone to Elena, can you explain it to him, thanks darling! I turn to Ruth, time to celebrate right?

She gives me a broad smile, Absolutely! And I have something really special for us to celebrate with"


Chapter 27
Were sitting on my enormous white leather sofa, smoking, when Elena returns and smiles, what have I missed? She gives me back my phone. My phone is incredible, an absolute delight, but I will go into that later, I dont have time now. 
Nothing, darling says Ruth, were just about to start. She reaches into her handbag and takes out a small box and a sealed packet. She taps the box, do you know what this is?
We both wait, expectantly. 
Its G7 Ruth says. 
G7? asks Elena. 
Seriously? I ask.
Whats G7?
Ruth and I exchange glances. G7, I say, is, maybe, just a rumour. Or maybe not. Its the most intense, most desirable drug that has ever been invented, thats what people say. 
Ruth takes over, its no rumour, believe me. I never told you what I did, I will sometime, but I know a lot about this. it acts directly on the brains pleasure centre, because, get this, you inject it directly into the brain. Incredibly hard to do, with unbelievable results. Believe me, I have tried it. And, its completely non addictive, with no side effects. Except...
Except? whispers Elena
Except, very occasionally, the reaction may be negative instead of positive. Very rare but it is possible. And then...
And then...? breathes Elena
The visions can be quite apocalyptic.
Youve seen it? I ask
Ive felt it whispers Ruth. But hey, Ive survived. And it only happened once. And it is so worth it. So... are you up for it?
Oh yeah
I may have an issue with the injection I add. Its kind of hard to get anything through my skin.
Ruth studies me. Is there anywhere in your body thats easier to get through? Like, your eye, for instance?
Youre proposing to inject this into my brain through my eye?
Why not? she smiles. The syringe is extremely special, extremely sensitive. The dosage, the measurement, everything, is totally automatic, totally foolproof. The needle itself is made of hardened titanium, incredibly thing, less than one nanometre. If we inject through the centre of your eye, and then retract it quickly, there wont be any lasting damage. It may hurt a little at first, though, my poor baby.
Im laughing. That may just work. The energy that runs through my skin covers the eyes as well, but every ten seconds, for point one of a second, theres a pulse, where the eyes are unprotected. If you get the needle in during that interval then the energy will work around it, and youll be able to carry on, no problem. Lets do it."
A huge smile covers Ruths face. OK, lets do you first. Then Elena. Then me. She starts working on her kit, whilst I go and get a very large whisky. I hate pain. 
OK, darling, Im ready when you are, come here and sit down, she purrs. I turn to face her, drop the drink and walk over. 
She lifts up the device. Its like the skeleton of a helmet, which she places over my head; it tightens automatically on my skull. Now, well adjust the needle placement, and she moves something so its hovering over my left eye. Shes very close to me, breathing over my face as she makes detailed adjustments. Ok, were ready, now you need to tell me when.
I take off my watch, and tap the screen, handing it to her. At the right time, the watch will flash, and emit a signal through its uniport.
Brilliant says Ruth, now keep your eyes open.
Unwillingly I grip the arms of the chair, and feel my eyes watering. And then
Oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh
Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh
Oh
Ooooooooooooooooh
Ooh oooooooooooooooooooooh oooooooooooooooooooooooooh
Oooooooooooooooh

Im not really sure how much of this is real. But Im writing down what Im seeing, and I guess at some point in the future, when people write my biography, theyll decide which bits to keep in. It all feels like fun though. Anyway, someones put the stereo on, and its playing music, some song which doesnt really feel like it belongs here, like its from another universe. Anyway, the band that sings it is called the Jesus and Mary Chain, and the song is called Darklands, and the lyric that sticks in my mind is this
Im going to the Darklands, to talk in rhyme with my chaotic soul
Wonderful, I think, Ive definitely been, but Im back. Or perhaps I never left. Thats why I never enjoy sex. Its the price that we pay for immortality.
Someones puts the television on as well, and the only thing on is the news, on every single channel, which I guess makes sense as we seem to be on the brink of nuclear war. And someone told me once that it was my fault. Gosh, I hope not I whisper to myself, and laugh. I seem to be sitting, more lying, on my sofa, and Elena is here, her head in my lap. She has her eyes closed, but shes smiling. 
Ruth is standing by my enormous, gigantic window, there seems to be a huge crack in it, and there seems to be blood dripping from it, all over it, everywhere. Ruth is coming over to me and she has a huge smile on her face. Time to party she whispers. Everyone whispers now. Its the law.
I thought we were already partying. I whisper. No, darling, whispers Elena from my lap, time to go to a party.
Oh, I whisper, well great then lets go
But, giggles Elena, Im not allowed to let you leave, its my job.
Oh, but darling, whispers Ruth, surely were your best friends now, you can find a way round that.
Elena sits up youre my best friends, you really are and she starts crying. Oh, I love you all so much
We have to go to a party I whisper, and I can feel the tears well up behind my eyes, but I cant cry, Im too strong.
Of course well go! shouts Elena, and Ruth and I whisper sssssshhhhhh! You have to whisper! Its the law, Elena puts her hand over her mouth and starts crying again.
A bleeping comes from the television and we all turn to look. The screen has gone completely red.
I start laughing quietly, I think this is it, until words start appearing on the screen
Incoming message
Sender: Simon Hart
Recipient: John Paris
Message: Your new technology is being implemented. We must activate immediately. Beware dragons.  We will be with you in seventy three minutes, with the technology ready to go.  This is very very very very urgent. Stay there. Do not leave under any circumstances. We have locked down your building. 
We stare at each other, then all burst out laughing. But what about our party? sighs Elena.
Dont worry, says Ruth, I can sort this.
You can get round Simons lockdown? You are my Goddess I whisper.
Just watch she says and she taps a few buttons on her phone. Now we just wait a few minutes.
Ooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhh whispers Elena.
Im not exactly sure whats going on now. A lot seems to be happening at the same time. And the colours all seem to have become strange, reds instead of blues, blues instead of greens, and something else, something quite unbelievable, that appears in front of me and then disappears before I can catch it in my mind. 
I think this happens now, I think this happens first. My enormous living room window implodes, a waterfall of flashing lights driving inwards, lighting up the room with flashes, shadows and demons. Ruth flies into the air and comes towards us at terrific speed, her hands spread out  beside her like an avenging angel. I throw up my hands in protection and Elena throws herself over me, Ruth hits us and we are thrown backwards, over the sofa, onto the floor, into a sea of broken glass and I see my hands swimming in red, or blue, and Elenas happy but pained, beautiful face pressed close against mine , eyes wide and shining.
I think this happens now, an enormous noise fills the room, like that of a dragon, like that of a gigantic heart breaking in two and the pain of fear, loneliness and death thrown out in the dragons cry without flames and we all throw our hands over our ears as we laugh and cry, but Ruth is saying something, trying to get something to us as shes getting up , brushing herself down, brushing the blood off her suit, and reluctantly I take my hands away from my ears, and shes shouting, screaming above the deafening noise, its here! this is it, its here, come on lets go!
And I see that theres a rope that somehow now seems to exist, that is attached to something in my living room and heads straight out through the broken space into the darkness, the light, the noise, beyond, and Im thinking that it looks scary, like an entrance, or an exit, somewhere to nowhere, and do I really want to do this, is this party really worth it, but then I see Ruths face, the desire in it, the broken and cracked and ancient beauty and I think yes I can yes of course I do yes I want to go anywhere with this woman and her strange, fluorescent skin, and so I smile and lift myself to my feet, and tenderly, carefully touch Elena and she looks up, peeks out from behind her hands and gives me a small, nervous smile, and takes my hand and gradually I lift her up and together, all three of us turn from the safety and comfort of the overturned sofa to walk towards the light.
I think this happens next, I think theres an explosion, another one, outside and I think something comes hurtling into my living room, just before us, and I think we all jump back. Its a ball of something, wriggling, moving, uncoiling itself into something else, transforming before us, and I shield my eyes because I really cant watch this unearthly abomination, happening to us.
I think, though that I see it, its a human being, almost, not quite, its something, it has human form, its clothed in a tattered, broken, business suit, some of it ripped and wrapped around the head, just around the demon horns, but the body is human, and the face, except for the red eyes and the scary thing is that they are recognisable, I know who I am looking at, her but not quite her, its Beryl, its our Beryl, cleaner turned strategy director turned demonic guardian as she breathes in a deep, cracked voice You! I will stop you! You cannot take him with you! and she raises her hand, to point, but its not a hand anymore, more like a claw that she points at Ruth and in her other arm I see a sword, a samurai sword, that she wields, ready to strike.
And I see, I think I see, that Elena pulls me back onto the sofa so we are behind, watching, as Ruth steps back, as Ruth raises a weapon, a handgun, I cant tell which one, and aims it at Beryls head, at the same time she lets out a harsh whisper, Hes mine!, and I cant believe that these two women are fighting over me, its so romantic, and I think its just at that moment that Elena whispers in my ear oh, violence makes me so aroused and I feel her reaching down and unbuttoning my trousers, shes wandering down there, Im not even sure what shes doing but oh God it feels good, so good as Ruth takes her first shot, and I can see this all in slow motion as the blade whips up and strikes the bullet, cuts it in half in fact and I think I really want that bullet but I cant move whilst Elenas at work  and I watch, fascinated as its Beryls turn, I cant believe the skill that she shows as she moves with that sword, the footwork is breathtaking, but then so is Ruths movement as she twists to avoid the strike, the sword flying through thin air and embedding itself in the floor. Ruth clearly has the advantage now and whips round with her handgun to bring it to Beryls neck and Im thinking its all over but I dont know if its the demon possessing Beryl or her own innate strength that rips out the sword and lifts it so high, so fast that its Ruth who has to jump back to avoid losing half of her head, and the bullet flies harmlessly into the ceiling.
And now Elenas getting more frantic and so I am I, and Beryl and Ruth are both back up, facing each other, stopped for a moment to let me admire their dedication and feel their love for me, Beryl has her sword raised in front of her, Ruth somehow has managed to get her handgun back into position, she whips it past Beryl and has it next to her forehead, just between her horns, and a huge evil grin slowly appears on Beryls face as she breathes Just try it, lover and Im getting so close as I can see her bring the sword down towards Ruths soft hair, and of course it never makes it as her demonic head explodes from the force of the bullets from Ruths handgun, absolutely amazing, and I'm finished as Elena absently wipes at the back of her head, unaware she is brushing away brain and skull, as whats left of my demon protector staggers, headless, around the room, waving the sword around dangerously. And now Im pushing Elena away, and tidying myself up, getting up and standing by Ruth, watching, keeping waiting for Beryl, or whats left of her, to fall, but she doesnt, she carries on like a malfunctioning robot, waving that sword around her, blood gushing from her neck straight out of  a horror film, until Ruth walks up behind her, gives her a violent shove and the last we see of our demon warrior is her legs disappearing out of the window behind her body. 
You were wonderful, darling I blush and turn, to see Elenas talking to Ruth, standing, hugging her from behind, her arms draped around Ruths neck. I laugh and stretch out my arms, wow, I feel alive and Ruth winks at me and says come on guys, time to party now, no more excuses  and I realise the noise is still there, the ropes still there, and I follow Ruth towards the darkness and the light of the void, shouting come on to Elena but Ruths stopped and I dont know why, but were both looking at Elena now and Elenas saying Im not coming.
But why not, darling? asks Ruth, it was supposed to be your party, it just wont be the same without you and in reply, Elena turns to me, she takes my hand and softly caresses it and says I owe you so much, John, you took me from nowhere, you made me your secretary when I had nothing, you gave me a chance, you gave me food to eat and a bed to sleep in, you gave me a chance when I had nothing, even when you discarded me, shot me and left me for dead... 
Yeah, sorry about that I interrupt, but she places a finger on my lips, even then, you let me stay, you set me up with a security job in your company instead of just tossing me out on the street like garbage, and then, then, when you saw my potential, you gave me such an amazing chance, one like Ive never had before, and then you gave me mind destroying drugs.  John she whispers, I cant repay your kindness by running away to another party, I have my career to think of, work to do, my bosses to impress... 
But Im your boss?
Exactly! And what would you think if on my first day I just let it all drop when you have such an important project. Go, John, go my darling, have a wonderful time, I still care about you, I always will.
Its the most emotional thing Ive ever heard, and Im about to reach over and kiss her when I feel myself being dragged from behind, the room is disappearing as Im being pulled into the void and Im out, in the middle of the air, rushing through space which makes the impact all the more sudden. My body hurts but the silence engulfs me, and groaning I pick myself up to take in my surroundings, Im in an enclosed room, a black room, empty except for two armchairs that are decked out like aircraft, or space ship chairs, firm, black leather chairs with lots of electronic gizmos sticking out from them.
Ruth sits in one of the chairs, laid back, relaxed, a glass in her hand and a smile on her crinkled lips. All traces of the near death combat she's just been in appear to have been wiped from her, her clothes are clean, the blood gone, her composure calm and sated. With a light flick of her hand she indicates the other chair. I am grinning like an idiot, I can feel it on my face. My arms and legs feel incredibly heavy but I drag myself up and over to the chair, and allow myself to fall into it, its deep, comforting leather sides. On the ivory armrest there is a drink waiting for me, a slanted glass, frosted edges, I'm expecting some kind of cocktail which is not ideal but will do, take away the edges, wondering what Elena is up to. Its now that I realise my arms won't actually move, I'm thinking how tired I must be, how busy I've been and how difficult the last few weeks have been, such a lot to deal with. I sigh, and call on my inner strength so make the supreme effort and lift my right arm, my drinking arm, but all this results in is a sharp, jabbing pain and my arm still hasn't moved. I look, helplessly at Ruth who just says its for your own safety, darling and winks at me.

You know what, I reply it really feels like I'm being kidnapped, how strange but then I'm thrown back into my seat as the machine we're in jumps forward at an incredible pace, and then, predictably, it all goes black.


Chapter 28 
Mark? Mark, wake up
Hes trying, hes really awake, but he cant open his eyes, its like theres something that has been put over them, like they have been glued together. Speaking is impossible too, like the same thing has happened to his lips. He moves his hands, gropes around blindly, and she lets out a little yelp, then a sigh, as she calms down 
Dont struggle, its OK Im here.
He moves his hands to his face, to the rough lines, trying to feel, to understand whats happening, then he realises it, the stark, cold touch, the cracking, its frozen, his eyes, his mouth, theyre frozen.
Mark, I understand. I know shes gone. Its OK, I forgive you, you couldnt help it.
She hasnt gone, shell never have gone, but he cant admit that, he has to just accept it and live with it with his guilt and the darkness in his heart, and express himself in these ways that he can, in these cruel ways, physical and mental, hurt, anguish, in
But Mark, you have to listen to me, someones coming
Who? Whos coming?
I dont know. But Ive been told. Theyre coming. Theyre coming from the light."


Chapter 29
Im not quite sure how to take this. Im in a church. All alone, sitting on a stool, in the middle of a church. Im not sure that anything in my faith told me about this. Its cold, its dark and theres no one here. Surprised? I am. I can just imagine the mad scientist slow handclap behind me. And a few other things that I dont really get. One, theres no party. I broke out of my apartment to join a fantastic party, to celebrate something, I cant remember what. Two, I am sure I went with Ruth and Elena, though something is bothering me about both of them and I cant, again, remember what. Three, my head and my mouth. My head throbs with a headache of the final judgement ( a fitting metaphor?). My mouth is dry as a desert. And for some reason theres  a splitting pain in the middle of my left eye. Long term memories, I dont do well. Short term I can normally handle, but now, apart from the pain, theres nothing. Or just fragments at least. 
Im struggling to keep my eyes open, my head just wants some peace, some respite, but I know I need to, because even now I can see the walls of the church wobble, even now I can feel myself slipping from this, and thats bad, because I know that this isnt where Im meant to be, and if I know that logically I am supposed to be somewhere, and somehow thats important, but where and why are just beyond me. Where and why are so far beyond me that.
I have faith though.
Somehow, I have faith. It means nothing, but its still there.
And congratulations says a deep voice behind me, I swivel to see and thats when the walls of the church choose to stop wobbling, and actually dissolve, and thats when I 
Thats when I dont do anything.
Except for a hand, rubbing, no, caressing, my neck, slowly, gently, a gentle, soft hand, a calm and soothing purr and this time I dont try to open my eyes, even though I know that this is definitely not where I should be, except that its so calm and so peaceful that does it really matter, can I just take that one tiny step forward that would really make all, all of the difference?
John? the voice is no more than a whisper, John, open your eyes, here and then, drink a little of this, it will really help and the liquid that touches my lips really does help, it clears a small cloud in my brain, a tiny pool that I can see, and outside I can feel, though of course I cant see, my cracked lips break into a smile for even though I know I am so far from it I do understand that it is possible, that you can actually feel blissful, blissfully happy, and what is that? 
John
Slowly, painfully, I let my eyes open and adjust to the brightness around me, somehow I need to shake myself away from the dream, from the feeling, from the isolation, I think.
Im squinting, I cant really see, theres something very sharp and very bright in front of me, something that refuses to come into focus until I really 
The throbbing pain in my head that refuses to go away
Images that blur
Theres a womans face.
John.
Ruth? my voice is cracked.
John, how are you feeling?
Why are we in a church?
Excuse me?
I was sure we were in a church. Maybe were getting married, maybe Ruth and I are finally, after all these years, the break ups, bust ups, reconciliation, love and laughter, after all the holidays and the romantic trips to the sea, after the candle lit dinners, after the harsh words, fights and flying plates, maybe after all this time, finally, we are here. Maybe I really do love her. But can I really commit myself? After all I have done and all I still have to do, can I really, honestly give myself to one person? Why, why have I made this decision? Why, do I really want to hurt someone again. I am going to have to let her down
Ruth
Time to wake up, John, we really need to talk.
There are two of them, not just Ruth, but someone else, shes still slightly hazy, but shes younger, prettier, she has long, blond hair, that she sweeps majestically away from her face, away from her razor blue eyes, maybe its her that Im marrying, maybe thats a better choice?
John, I want you to meet my boss, this is Jane Darby. 
Now I notice were not in a church, we must have left. We are in a white room, and in fact everything is white, their clothes, the furniture, the walls, the floor, the, in fact I cant think of any more, so I stretch to get up but I cant, I cant seem to move, my arms in fact seem to be tied down, in fact they are, in fact I am strapped into this sleek and wonderfully comfortable white leather armchair, facing these two beautiful women. Ruth isnt beautiful actually. Jane is though. 
Hello Jane.
Jane gives me a terse smile and turns to Ruth. Does he need it?
Ruth nods, wistfully I think. Yes I think so, he can be quite unpredictable otherwise.
OK then sighs Jane, and Ruth takes something out of her white jacket, leans over and pushes it into my mouth. Of course I dont resist, I manage to lick her fingers as well and she gives me a small smile. Swallowing, I ask what was that?
Ruth chuckles. A happy pill, of course. Now, John, I am afraid I havent been entirely truthful with you
Were not getting married? 
Er
No. I close my eyes. What I meant to say was, when are we going to the party?
OK John Ruth starts slowly. There isnt a party, Im sorry. The party has been cancelled. We need
Shes cut short by Jane, What we mean, Mr Paris, is that you have been kidnapped. Ruth is a plant. She always was. You belong to us now.
I turn to look at Ruth. She gives me an apologetic smile. Somehow it actually makes sense. She never really was credible. But Im here, so I may as well play along.
It was all a lie?
Im afraid so whispers Ruth. Well, I did enjoy it, actually. Especially the sex
Yeah, that was good Jane adds. We had you under surveillance she adds by way of explanation.
So? Maybe I shouldnt have shown you everything about my work?
We were a little surprised about how open you were Jane replies in her flat, short voice. Im not sure I like her that much. We were going to pull you in earlier, but we thought it may be easier to get more information out of you that way. And of course, Ruth was enjoying herself.
Ruth winks at me.
Anyway, you know what we want Jane starts.
I do?
Yes of course you do
Money? I ask. I have lots of money."
Dont be stupid. We all have lots of money.
Sex? I ask. 
Well, maybe, but we would consider that secondary.
Actually I would really love to scratch my head,  but I cant move my arms. Who are you? I dont even know that. And, can I have a drink please. And, why dont you untie me? I really am not going to run away.
Jane coughs. We are the IIS. Im sure you know who that is. Yes you can have a drink, and yes we will untie you. The straps around my arms disappear suddenly, and theres a glass by my side. I reach for it gratefully, and try to hide my disappointment when I realise that its only water. 
I have no idea, by the way, who the IIS are, but I am not going to admit that, of course.
So then, tell me please, what you do want.
We want everything. All your knowledge. And well get it.
And with that they both, simultaneously, get up and leave.
***
About an hour later, by my reckoning, the door opens again. 
A man shuffles in. Like them, he is dressed completely in white, the only thing that makes him visible is the blackness of his hair, and his beard. And his shirt, and glasses. Hes wearing round framed glasses, and he doesnt look at me as he slowly makes his way towards me, and takes a seat opposite mine. Still he doesnt catch my eye, but he starts talking, his head bent forward slightly, his eyes to the floor. 
I am a scientist.
I wait. Hes small, scrawny even, and though I really cant be bothered to move, I do think that I could overpower him quite easily and escape. Hes left the door open too, Im not strapped down, maybe I should try it? But Im tired, and besides, I like scientists, even small and scrawny ones. 
Hello
He ignores this remark. Theyve asked me to tell you what we will do.
What will you do?
Ahem. We want your knowledge, everything that sits within your brain. And we presume that you wont tell us.
What makes you say that?
For the first time he glances up at me, quickly, furtively, then looks away again just as fast. Then he scratches his beard, and laughs, nervously. 
Erm, well, we. We presume you wont tell us. We have to make this presumption, because, erm, its probably true.
Clearly he wasnt expecting this. But maybe Ill tell you everything.
Well you, you erm, probably, you probably wont. So we will presume that you, erm, wont. Hes facing even more to the floor now, eyes so far down that his heads almost at ninety degrees. His voice is smaller, scratchier, and then he stops completely and takes a deep breath. So its no good he starts, a little louder now, though still not looking at me, its no good saying youll tell us everything, because you erm, you probably wont.
OK, so youve got me, so what will you do?
I can see the relief play out on his features and he wipes his brow with his hand, then dries it on his grey, dirty shirt, just under the pocket. Now he knows what hes doing, and his voice loses it edge, becomes dull and monotonous again.
We will allow you to show us what you want. Its up to you. Then we will assess what you have shown us against your level of knowledge and capability, using a standard brain scan. Once we have determined the gap, we will extract the knowledge directly from your brain into user decipherable code, using a drug based solution. The process will, unfortunately, have the side effect of melting elements of your brain as soon as the information is released, rendering you incapable of speech, movement, thought or control.
You mean dead, right?
He fidgets with his hands and actually turns away from me now. Erm, well, yes, erm, dead. It is an unfortunate side effect for you, however, we will have the information. Now he turns back and glances at me again. I have been told to tell you that we will get this information from you, but the process I have described is very painful, excruciatingly painful in fact. So it is in your interest to cooperate and tell us everything up front.
Ah, so then you wont put me through this process and, what, let me go?
Erm, well no, well inject you anyway. Hes almost whispering now and I think he realises he probably shouldnt have said this. 
So the benefit for me of telling you is what?
Now hes scratching his beard vigorously and I can see the sweat has come back onto his forehead. Hes looking left and right as well as down, as far as he can go, right to hell and back from what I can tell. Then, suddenly, he rises to his feet and starts to head to the door.
OK, Im a little surprised but also impressed, I jump up, grab his arm and in one movement swing him back round so hes facing me, so close that he cant look away. 
Just tell me, how will you get the drug into me?
We know, of course, about your eye. Miss LaFleure tried it he speaks quickly and I have to wipe his spit away from my mouth.
OK, so how do you get the information out?
Scanners, electrodes, on your brain, or impulse readers, there are a couple of ways.
Ah! I let go of him. But they wont work! If you know about my eye, you know about the current running through my skin. Everything will get distorted. Youll be lucky to get any useful information out.
He starts to say something, but then turns, and scurries, like a rat out of the room. Satisfied, I fall back into my armchair, pick up an imaginary drink and sip, thoughtfully at it, and then I close my eyes. 
Why do I think of the name Mark? Mark Forth? It is very cold.
Mark?
Mark? John? John?
I open my eyes. Hello Ruth. I give her my best smile.
So, John, I hear you gave Mr Bret a hard time.
Hows your boss?
Shes fine. Listen
OK, Ruth Im listening.
John, we understand that our procedure may not work with you. But we are still willing to test it. She says this matter of factly, her eyes shining brightly. 
OK, fine, go ahead.
She laughs. Thats it? Go ahead? You mean you really dont care that your brain will be turned to mush.
I am cool enough to reply, my voice steady Probably not as much as you, or at least your boss, cares whether they get the information. And believe me, she wont. We sit there, staring at each other. Shes very pretty by the way."
She is, isnt she? So, John, what do you propose?
OK, great, get Jane in here, lets talk, lets have a party. You owe me that, at least and I wink at her. 
Shes gone, without looking back, without replying, and sixty seconds later theyre both sitting in front of me. Ruth is quiet, and Jane leans forward. Were listening, John
I lean forward too, and put my hand on her knee. First, I want a drink."
No, first we talk, then Ill give you a drink She ignores my hand.
I lean back. Fine. No problem. But it has to be a decent drink. Jack Daniels. At least."
Jane shakes her head. John, were listening.
OK, well then, here it is. You want information, and I dont really want to die. At least not with what your Mr Bret is proposing, Ive done that to a couple of guys and its hard. So, I will give you information, not all of it, but youll get it, and you wont have to go through all your plans that wont work with me.
And, replies Jane, just so Im clear, they wont work because youve distorted your body somehow. 
Erm, yes, you know that."
And our Mr Bret seems to corroborate that. In fact, you made him very unhappy."
Please send him my apologies."
OK, we will." She nods at Ruth. "So, what information will you give us?
Ill give you the basic formula and method for power generation. What you choose to do with it then is up to you.
Jane casts a glance at Ruth, and they turn away from me and whisper for a while. Jane turns back to me, This is what you call Elvira?
Elvira 1, yes, thats right
And will we know how to use it?
Im sure youll be able to work it out, with people like Mr Bret on your staff.
Jane smiles. And in return you want your freedom?
Thats right. And, of course, complete deniability.
Oh, yes, thats right, your employer, Mr Hart, I hear, doesnt take kindly to sharing of company secrets does he? Interesting. We found the body of one of your colleagues, or should I say, ex-colleagues. Or at least, the police did. It would seem, actually, that they are quite interested in talking to you. She smiles, leans forward, and puts her hand on my knee.
I sigh. The police are always interested in talking to me. But, yes, youre right, I wouldnt particularly like Simon to find out. Although Im not his employee. Were partners.
Really? its the first time Ruth speaks. 
Yes, really, my darling. Jane takes away her hand, quickly, but Ruth ignores this. 
So why is it called Hart Industries, and not Hart-Paris Industries, or even just Paris Industries?
I shift, a little uncomfortably. I like to maintain a low profile. I say quietly.
Oh, and Simon doesnt? He who doesnt exist at all? Who puts you on the stage?
Okay, Okay interjects Jane, lets move on, okay, look, Im fine with your deal so long as you teach Alvin how to actually use it, until hes happy he knows how. Then well let you go.
Fine, I reply, thats fine, and now can I have my drink?
Jane gets up. You can have your drink, you can have a computer, and you can have half an hour to write down the formula and process for generating Elvira 1. Please make sure you do.
***
Now I can relax. Ive just finished. The whisky is good and theyve even given me a little plate of snacks. I dont eat as a rule, but I do enjoy the experience. I close my eyes, and sip my drink, no need to rush, when the door opens and footsteps approach, stopping very close to me. Ah, for peace.
Are you making fun of us?
Hello Jane though I dont open my eyes.
Open your eyes
Are you wearing any clothes?
Excuse me?
Is it worth me opening my eyes, I mean they are tired and heavy, and I am really enjoying this drink. So
I hear a sigh and some rustling noise. Whats happening? Maybe I am going to be impressed, maybe I have underestimated her. Now, a cough.  
John. Mr Paris. Open your fucking eyes. Her voice is impressive, cold as ice.
One more sip of JDs and I allow my eyelids to flutter up, my eyes adjust to the ever bright light and whats in front of me. So shes standing, completely naked, in front of a pile of clothes. Her long blond hair falls over her shoulders and partially covers her breasts and I reach forward, and brush it away, I can feel her react to my touch and I stroke, slowly, carefully, her left breast, and theres a low, quiet hum when
When suddenly my hand is caught in a grip so tight, so strong I catch my breath and it feels like my wrist snaps with the force as its throw back to me, Christ! 
Now, tell me she starts, completely open, completely at ease, thrusting a piece of paper at me, what is this?
I take it from her with my good hand and scan it. Its the formula for Elvira 1."
Nice body I look up and I see Ruth is there too, now, standing next to Jane, a hairs breath away. She has a point, but maybe its not worth the pain. 
You see, John, we dont really believe you Ruth starts.
Why not?
Oh, for crying out loud its Jane, and she tears the paper from my hand and looks down at it. I mean, where do we start? Erm, lets see? One tenth of an ounce of unicorns horn. I mean
Yes, or 25ml of vampires blood Ruth adds.
Well, lets stick to the unicorn for the moment Jane says quickly. 
And the problem is? I ask. 
Well, John, the problem is that, if you hadnt noticed, unicorns dont exist. And if you think Im going to sleep with you until weve resolved this, forget it she adds, pushing my hand away. At least she doesnt try to break it again.
Youre wrong. Of course they exist. They are, I admit, incredibly rare. From what we know, only seven exist in the world I reply. Or perhaps, six, now I add, thoughtfully.
They both stare at me, so I continue.
What, just because youve never seen one you assume they dont exist?
So starts Jane. Then she stops.
So  starts Ruth, the detective wasnt lying? I nod. 
The detective? asks Jane. 
A while back, when we were at Johns apartment, this detective, you know, Detective Carver, said that they had found a unicorns horn
And you thought not to tell me this, in your report? Jane asks, icily.
Oh, dont start, Miss Naked snaps back Ruth. Okay, that was interesting.
Anyway I say slowly, yes, thats right. But that is really worrying.
What is? That shes always naked?
Erm, no, that they found a whole horn I reply, carefully.
They both stop, and regard me.
Why? asks Jane.
No, of course, you dont know, do you? Unicorns are immortal. Taking their horn away is the only way that they will die. Its almost impossible. And then I add, into the silence, almost."
But someone did it replies Ruth.
It would seem so."
And, stupid question, but they took the horn away because?
Because, Jane, it is so powerful. I mean I say, turning to Ruth, youve seen what can be done with some of that energy, just a tiny bit, havent you. Imagine the power multiplied a million no, thats nothing like it, you imagine, something thats been there for thousands, millions of years, I mean, no, you cant even imagine, its just insane, what can be done with that. I mean, God, I dont know."
And this wasnt you? This wasnt Hart Industries?
No way I reply. Its completely way out, its a complete transgression, totally against the rules."
Okay, Im going to regret asking, but the rules? Are we talking some kind of ancient, secret society and pact, all that sort of stuff?
No, well, no, not exactly. Well, yes I reply. But, forget it, you dont need to know, in fact, you dont need to know any of this. All you need to know is how to make it, that was the deal. And then, Im out of here.
But starts Ruth, if someone is doing this, if they have just killed a unicorn and have this immense power, its got to be for a reason, right? her voice is questioning.
Good deduction and I wink at her.
And she pauses, and, if youve pushed the world to the brink of nuclear war with what youve done, and thats nothing compared to this, then
How is the war, by the way? I turn to Jane and ask this, my voice light and high.
Well, she starts, and shivers, maybe because shes naked and it suddenly seems to have got cold in here, well, the Chinese seem to have suddenly pulled back, for some reason, we dont understand why."
Ruth and I glance at each other; seems like Simon and Elena have been busy. Jane wraps her arms around herself, but makes no move to dress. Some kind of personal pride thing, I guess. But when she carries on, her tone is harsh.
Listen. I know you dont care, I get that. But you need to tell us who is doing this. We need to regain control and if something really bad is happening out there, I need to know whos doing it. Then well let you go. So long as you tell us how to find unicorns.
And vampires Ruth adds.
We already know about vampires Jane snaps at her.
We do?
Something else you havent shared? I ask Jane.
Shut up they both say to me, simultaneously. 
I know whos doing it comes a deep, dark voice from somewhere. 
***
But hes not sharing comes a whispered voice from somewhere else. And then it disappears.
The room gets extremely cold, and suddenly is filled with white smoke. A man steps out of it, and gently lays a fur coat over Janes shoulders. I reach out to touch the fur, it is so smooth as to almost make me weep. It makes me long for the comfort of my car.
Shhh says the man, he brushes his hand over his face and his complexion changes, I understand something but I cant quite articulate it, before I recognise who he now is. 
You I whisper, and then he disappears and I am left staring into to the face of a small Chinese man, grinning wildly, a gun in his hand. Its so cold now that I cant even make out its model number. 
Youre coming with me he hisses, and although Ruth reaches out to touch me, to save me, its too late, I am falling back into the swirling fog, my arms clasped around his waist.


Chapter 30
Hey, its good to see you again man Babybro shouts above the din, slapping me on the back, as we are whisked along. We had fun last time, right?
What, when you tried to kill me, you mean? I shout back.
Yeah, man, but you know it wasnt personal right?
I laugh, and I feel sick, and then I am sick. Sorry about that I manage, but he just waves his hand, this kinda travel kinda gets to you, man.
So, a bit of a falling out with the good lady, right? he winks at me, and it takes me a moment to understand, Oh, you mean Ruth? Well, shes not my good lady, we were just having a drink together, and anyway she betrayed me."
Ah, thats a tough break, anyway, dont worry, cos I rescued you."
With a bump, we land, back in a dark, featureless room, with some very strange looking seats at one end. Suspended above the seats are some sort of equipment, headgear, knives, axes, pins, all attached to levers, wires, pulleys, like some medieval torture room. The seats themselves are white, but stained, very stained with splatters of something dark. They each have straps attached to them, and the whole thing doesnt leave an awful lot to the imagination. 
Erm,  I start, and when you say rescued, is that..." 
Hey man, shrugs Babybro, just doing my job, yknow?
Now Im strapped to the seat, the first on the left, the one with the least blood on it, and my  head is held in some sort of clamping device.  I hate pain. Just for the record. I struggle to deal with it. 
Now starts Babybro, attaching electrodes to my ears. These, my man he says, grinning, his teeth absurdly large and absurdly white (funny, I had never noticed that before about him), these are for the reversal procedure, just so we know that you, like, yknow, will feel everything, man and then he turns to the equipment behind him and starts typing. 
Of course they know how to reverse it. I told them. I steel myself, make sure that a smile appears on my face, and start OK, now listen, my friend
He stops what hes doing, turns and studies me, and his grin, if thats possible, gets even wider hey man! Youre gonna try and talk me outta this, right, man? he slaps his leg and starts laughing. Well, hey itll be good to hear, but just to be fair, I mean, just so you know, its not gonna work, I mean they, they were very insistent, yknow what I mean? I mean, you really
A buzzing behind him and he turns, picks up his phone Yeah? 
Pause; yeah, I know, yeah, ok. Yeah, sorry, like well, it wasnt my fault.no, not yet, nonothing, no, ok, nothing, ok yeah, Ill tell him, yeah. Yeah, you too, look . Yeah, no but please looklook. Shit and he throws the phone up in the air, waits for it to fall and kicks it across the grey, empty room. 
He turns back to me, his eyes, his face is lost for a minute, and I realise Im holding my breath, and then, ah, shit, never mind I can see him snap back into focus as he notices me and he comes across so that our faces are close, so close, I can feel his sour breath on me and I would recoil but I cant because my head is tied tight, unable to move, staring straight ahead. And his frown becomes a grin as he says right man, lets start and Im saying no but wait, the call and he just replies, ah, but it was personal, dont worry about it man and hes back at the controls and suddenly theres a pain in my body that I just cant describe, and Im weeping, trying to at least, but my eyes are caught, they cant move, but they can feel now the pressure building up behind them like a ball in my head, no, an explosion in my brain, the pressure on my eyes, oh no, I cant move my hands, I cant help, I cant see but I can feel my eyes, explode, out of my head, I can feel the blood pour down my face, I can see the blackness and in the blackness I can see something, its there, its so dark, its coming, its approaching me, and  oh no, oh God, I cant look at its face, I can
and Im gasping for breath and I can see again and his face is there, again, grinning and now when he speaks, spittle covers my face, hes talking so fast hey wasnt that great! he starts, Whoo! Whoah man, what a ride, hey I love that bit, did you like it, I designed it myself, hey man, just think, were only just getting started!
Please I gasp  
Ooh! he shrieks, Please! Please sir, please stop, Im not enjoying it anymore he mimics, in a high pitched, squeaky voice, please, please, please then his voice changes, suddenly, a deep, dark growl No! Torture you, then kill you, thats what Ive been told to do, thats what Ill do. Now he sniffs, loudly, and suddenly, spits in my face. So we may as well enjoy it he finishes, more calmly, and returns to the console, starts tapping the keys. I can hear him humming to himself, a song, a tune, Im sure I recognise, sitting somewhere, maybe a clue?
Look, I can help, I know things my voice comes out muffled, and painful, I cant see my face, can hardly move it, my mouth feels dry, so dry like a dirty island, close to the sea but so far from it, I can taste the sand, taste the blood, look, I can help you, I
No you cant he whispers, and touches the screen.
Im back there and this time I can see its face, its there but I cant describe it, cant describe anything just the memory of its teeth ripping into my flesh, my tongue, gouging my face, my nose, my eyes until the sockets are hollow and I can feel the sweet scent of its bloody breath, its air flowing into my brain through whats left, and then, its tongue, hot, sticky, touching, exploring, poking through my right eye socket, deeper, entering my brain, entering my thoughts, and I want to scream, I want to tear my hair out, tear my skull off, tear my brain out just to make it stop if only for one second, one millisecond, one part of hell, anything just for this to stop, oh God, oh Lord, please please please 
And then it stops and Im back. I can feel the sweat on my face, in my hair, soaking through my clothes, I can feel my heart beating so fast its trying to escape from my chest, I can feel my body shake, I can feel my skin crawl and my stomach retch, I can hear it breath, still, beyond the heartbeat in my ears, in my soul, I can see but I cant see my vision is blurry it takes time, I cant really understand and then I do and I stare in front of me to see his face, tormenting me but hes not, hes not there, I dont know why, and it takes me a couple of seconds, a few minutes more, maybe an hour or two until my vision is clear and I can hear again, and when I do I understand that actually I am alone, in this room, that he has really left and of course I wonder if this is good or bad as the artificial light fades slowly and the greyness becomes deeper, deeper until its black and Im left there, in the darkness, in the black, in the noiseless void, until of course I cant resist anymore and the fear runs out of me, like an express train, like a rocket, and I shout, I scream, I shriek and I cry, and I cry and cry until I cant anymore until a shroud of red touches the black until
Shit, shit, shit
And I notice hes actually crying, maybe hes feeling my pain, shit shit shit but the words echo through my head like a ball bouncing in the void thats left there, and every time he says it, it goes bang, and it hurts
Whatm I gonna do, man?
Erm I start, my voice broken, and he looks up, surprised, as if hes forgotten Im there, and now hes looking at me, like hes imploring, and I have to get myself together, I cant take another one, its just too much, come on, pull myself together, focus on one thing, just one thing, focus on my voice, dont show the fear, and I spit and croak, its all I can do, I close my eyes and think of my mouth, my tongue, my voice, let it be ok, let me start, just focus
Can I help 
My voice comes out high pitched and cracked, all at the same time, but its a start, recognisable nonetheless, and Babybros eyes lock with mine for a second, I can see them turn red, then blue, before going back to brown, and I know that I have a chance.
You look worried hes still not sure but maybe I can make it, I spit on the ground, and twist my neck as much as I can, show that I am strong, perhaps hell not remember, and hes starting to say something then he stops, and he turns, and punches the computer, well maybe thats good, but he twists on me viciously.
Shit man, shit, women, can you understand them, I mean, I give up, I gave her everything and still, I mean, still man, its not enough!"
And I laugh, I actually manage to laugh and say yeah, bloody women right, whats up?
Babybro drags his chair over to me and rests his arms on his knees, looking at me, like hes confiding in me. Yeah man, I remember, you were with that broad, she was old, right? Old but sexy. Yeah, man and he actually punches my shoulder in some misplaced gesture of friendship, you did well there. Hey shit man, thats the problem, my girl, right? She is sexy, beautiful, but hey man, what a bitch, right? Here, look at her and he pulls out his wallet and shows me a picture, my eyes are still blurry and I cant quite make it out, but I nod appreciatively, slowly but appreciatively, shes beautiful I mumble. Im really starting to struggle now and I hear myself say shees boorifal but I think he still gets it, he pats my arm and says yeah, aint she, much better than yours and he says this without a trace of sarcasm, or superiority (but Im hardly in a position to start worrying about motivations)
Wazza probeem" I manage, and he sighs, well man, its crazy, but shes got it into her head that Im a bad man, that I do bad things, and now, man, she says, thats wrong, that I cant do that no more or else shell leave me. I mean, man, yknow, they like it all don't they, she wants it all right, she wants the kit, she wants the stuff, she wants to hang round, yknow, but, like man, well she wont pay what it takes
Sheet, thoz turf I reply, I clear my throat, and start again, in wez, yor din do bed fing, yor joz dor woz nezedrady."
He stops, and stares at me, Youre right man, youre dead right, I do whats necessary, thats all I do man, I mean, you and hes looks at the cuts on my face and hands, the blackness of my eyes and he says uh but we need to carry on, so I do, dat's right, yuz hav to make the difficut dezdidons, I mean, yor an miz, weez OK rigt
Yeah man he gets up and starts pacing around, you and me were OK, you know its nothing personal, you know I just have to torture you to get paid, to do my job, I mean and he stretches out towards me, you know, were just having fun right, were all in this together arent we and I nod, painful, as enthusiastically as I can manage. "Coors men!" I spit.
And then he pauses and wipes his eyes, but she just dont get it man! Maybe its that sect shes joined, maybe its that bastard Hector, Im gonna kill that bastard, Im gonna f
Hey, Ive gort an ideer! I shout (or croak, or squeal, Im not sure which)  I cud talk toor here. Mebez I cud tell herz I undoor stend, meberz I cord, then
Youd do that? Youd do that for me? his voice is so light, so full of emotion, really man, youd do that for me? God man, I love you ,that would be so great, you are just the best, I really love you man! You could tell her, you could say look Sharllen, I really understand, I really understand what youre going through, but this here, you could say, this here, hes my main man, he and I go back, and I know were having some tough times, but he really, I mean he really is caring, he really doesnt want me to get hurt, I mean, you could add, he listens to me, we talk, I mean, hes really sensitive, yeah, shed like that, sensitive, and look although were here, I know, Sharllen, hes got a good heart, hell look after you, he just does what he has to do, I mean, man, would you, that would be so cool, she would love you, she really would, we could all go out for a drink together, oh shit, no we cant cos Ive gotta kill you, but yknow, yknow what I mean, man, wed think of you. God man and he actually kisses my forehead, then wipes the blood off his lips, god man, I love you, youre the best, Im gonna go and get her now and hes wiping himself down and heading to the door, and I just manage to catch him and shout Hey
What is it, bro? he asks, lightly,
I speak slowly, trying to be clear, so important, Hey, listen, maybe it would be, er, a good idea if you let me out of these shackles, it may not give the, erm, best impression, when she gets here I stutter.
Yo! Yeah, good point man and suddenly Im free, and just as suddenly hes gone. I have no idea how long I have. I have no idea what I should do. I want to stretch out, I want to feel freedom, feel warmth around my arms, clean my face, I want to get up and get away from this darkness but I cant, I cant move, its as if Im still tied down, my arms and legs are so tired, they feel like ice, they feel like ice, they feel like they will snap if I do anything except just continue to lie here, but I know that I have to get up, I know that I have to move and move quickly, before they get back and so I look round, trying to find something to focus on, something to concentrate on, in the dull, bleary hut that I occupy The computer! Yes  exactly, the computer! Let me get to it, let me check it out, with any luck and I think of only that as I force myself up, pain screaming through my body, but I cant give in to it, just got to get up, get to the console and keep standing, just got to move, got to ignore the images that rage and crash through my brain, as I need to get there, one leg is up, is on the floor, Christ, its like hot coals, its like needles shoved into my muscles and twisted, my other leg is there, the room is swaying as I try to keep my balance, its like a wolf ripping its fangs into my flesh and tearing, then tearing again, and a step forward, my vision goes red as I shut my eyes to deal with the pain and I crash, crash, and now, Im there, open my eyes, but no Im not there, Im still in the middle of the room, outcast, in a sea, everything around me, theres nothing there, and I stumble and almost fall, its like the alligators almost get me, but I manage to stay up and move myself forward, so slowly, with so much effort and now Im there, Im there and Im holding onto the desk and I feel for the first time a huge sense of relief sweep through my body. I give myself a minute to calm down, to allow my breathing to return to normal, to allow my eyes to focus, to allow my hands to stop shaking and then I concentrate on the computer, try to picture whats on the screen, what hes left, and it takes me a little while to process but I realise, joyfully, that hes left himself logged in, and I focus, concentrate, start typing, furiously, as if my life depends on it, which it probably does.
Im sitting down, in one of the comfortable armchairs, when the secured door hisses, before sliding open. Quickly, self consciously, I brush my hair back, wipe the sweat off my face and turn to face whats coming. She enters first, and her picture doesnt cut it, she really is take-your-breath-away beautiful, even as she walks in and her eyes capture mine I am sure I will have lost, that she can see right through me already and see that I have seen things that have scarred me, and she knows whos done this, but I cant lose, I have to win. Her smile stops me, as Babybro walks in, he looks small, broken, dirty, dark, next to her, and his crooked smile makes me want to break his neck, to crush his skull, and at least I feel some peace realising that I am, thank goodness, not a romantic, just dark, violent and insensitive.
Hey man, Sharllen is so happy to meet you he starts in his biggest voice, and he comes over to me, slaps me on the back, like were best mates, you can tell her man, tell her what Im like, Im not evil man, hey look at you, you look so well, man, aint I been looking after you, dont you see, darlin 
A single movement from her shuts him up, she says quietly leave us  and he stops, catches his breath, and says yeah, whatever, man, be back in five. As he leaves, she comes to me and sits next to me, and touches my forehead. Dont speak she whispers, and Im so relieved, I have no energy left, just listen she whispers, and I allow my head to sink back and feel the pain subside just a little, and she smiles. You dont need to tell me anything. Dont tell me anything about Derek. I know what he does, I can see what hes done to you, theres no need to lie. I am going to allow you to leave, but you must trust me and take this. She reaches into her handbag and removes  a package, which she hands to me. I sit there, staring at it, sitting in my hands, I dont know what to do with it, should l open it, whats inside it, whys she giving it to me.
Please dont open it yet, open it when you are far away from here. Im going now, you know what to do and before I can protest, shes gone, leaving me alone. The door remains open and I walk to it, look outside at the brown earth and the green sky, a single road leading away, and I step back inside, sit back on the armchair and wait.
He strolls back in, cocky, chilled, smoking a cigarette. He comes up to me and blows smoke in my face, and then he grins, a huge, demented grin. You were so fucking perfect man. Man, that was the best shag Ive ever had and I have to wipe his spit off my face, before he continues, but business is business, right, my friend? and before I can protest I feel the blow of his hand against my temple, and I can feel whats happening, Im being dragged back, Im back in the chair, the straps come down and hes back. Now he whispers, where were we?"
Aaaah! Aaah fuck! No! he screams, as the straps over my hands suddenly spring open and I see his eyes, his demented eyes turn black in pain, now its my turn to rise slowly and walk over to where he is and peer at him, and though I know he cant see me I do know he can, somewhere in the depth of his tortured brain, hear me, as I lean forward so my lips almost touch his ear, feel what it does to you now, feel it rip your heart out, you sick, demented bastard. I hope she comes back for you, I hope she eats your heart while you watch.
I walk away from him, twisting and turning, writhing on the floor, I walk out, through the open door and stand on the road, I feel the sun beat on me, I know hell be back for me, I know that something is out there somewhere but for now Im free.


Chapter 31
(Theres a room somewhere that I need to find.)
 The suns blazing now, but thats OK because I have a cold beer that tastes wonderful. The barman doesnt speak a word of English, in fact Ive no idea what language he does speak, or what country Im in, but it doesnt really matter, because Ive got a cold beer that tastes wonderful, washes my pain away, and the barman is the best stereotype I can imagine, big and friendly, with a huge moustache, plastered back hair and a trampoline belly. Im sitting on a broken stool in front of a broken table in front of his bar, a falling apart wooden hut with straw for a roof, in the middle of a dusty clearing just off the bare, deserted road. Just me and him. I raise my glass to him again, and he waves in a friendly way, then carries on polishing the filthy bar with a filthy rag. He points to his gleaming new watch, and smiles broadly. I have no money, so its what I had to pay for a seemingly infinite amount of alcohol. I hope he realises what its worth, and doesnt sell it on to some hooker for some quick pleasure on a starry night. Its a Bernstein I kept repeating, a Jim Bernstein, very valuable, rubbing my fingers together, but he would just nod and smile and point at me and say Jim, beer! so now he thinks my name is Jim and I love beer. Both of those, strictly speaking, are wrong, but I am not going to argue right now. 
Now hes over here, with another full glass, and he sits with me, lights a cigarette and starts gabbling in his godawful language. I have no idea what hes saying but he seems to be happy so I join in, laughing with him. I can feel my skin start to tingle, start to stretch under the sun and I know what this means, good news too, my protection is starting to reassert itself. Maybe another few hours and then well be back. 
At some point I should consider my options, work out what to do to get out of here, maybe get back to Simon and see whats happening there, maybe talk him through what I saw, whether its relevant, but just thinking about it now darkens my mood so I move my mind swiftly on. I do have to get out of here though, I need more than just beer and a simple life, so I probably do need a phone. 
I start trying to explain this to my friend, holding my thumb to my ear and my little finger to my mouth, but Im not really, still sure that he gets it, he starts laughing and picks up a glass, I get the feeling that hes going to pour beer over my head when suddenly his eyes darken and he drops the glass, turning and looking down the road. I follow his gaze and see a tiny thing, a tiny cloud of smoke and dust and I turn to him, questioningly, surely it cant be that unusual to have a car come down the road, but hes up and hes busy and hes wiping at the table, hes clearing up the glasses, and hes pointing to me, and suddenly he can speak a little, You he says, jabbing his finger at me, you hide, you hide, come with me. I stare at him, then turn again to see the dust cloud getting bigger, and though I cant see anything I wonder, I feel a chill go through me, I go back to him and walk with him, walking quickly to his hut, hes pointing inside, under, you hide under and hes pushing me in, now, that we can hear the noise of the approaching vehicle. I get down on my hands and knees and crawl under his counter, my hands feel air and I fall forward, downwards and throw my hand out just in time to avoid smacking my head, but it still hurts. Its dark and damp somehow and it takes a couple of seconds for me to readjust, to understand where I am, I pick myself up and find myself in a hollow just underneath his shack, a small window in front of me that gives me a view of whats happening outside. I look up and see him pull something across, a sheet, a false floor so now Im trapped in here, barely space to move, and I cough, the dust is thrown in as something stops outside followed by the bang of a car door shutting. Theres some shuffling and suddenly a heavy thud above me, some dust falls and lands in my hair, my friend is above me. 
Hey man howya doin the familiar scratch, scrawl of the voice fills my head. Quietly, carefully, I put my head to the grille and try to see whats happening outside. I can see a set of legs approach, and behind it a massive truck, facing me. All I notice about the truck is that somethings  pinned to the front of its bonnet. I rub the dust from my eyes and lean forward to get a better view, it appears to be, I shove my hand in my mouth to prevent myself from throwing up when I understand what Im seeing. 
Hey man the voice isnt friendly and the legs are right in front of me now, blocking my view. Have you seen anyone come by here? Im lookin for a friend of mine.
Theres some muffled sounds above me, its hard to understand exactly, I just catch bits and pieces, saw your beer there.. someone must. Hey man talk.. ysee that and some noises, some thudding, some scraping then a bang and silence. I hold my breath. 
Then something different, like something I dont quite recognise, almost like? A bird singing? Those sort of noises havent been around for a very long time. Its still there, though, and its getting louder, and I screw up my eyes and concentrate and try to make out what it is, its humming, hes humming, a tune. Above it there start to be a lot of other noises, large scrapes and bangs, like things being moved around, like hes trying to find a hiding place. Instinctively I push myself back against the rough dirt wall, I am standing so still now, I am not breathing and I am not looking, my body starts to tingle and I can feel the sweat drip down from my hair onto my forehead, I dare not move, I dare not wipe it away, he has to find this place, its so easy. The noises are getting louder, I cant help myself, I allow my eyes to glance up and feel the chill run through me as I see the roof sway, wobble and start to move back.
I push myself further and further back into the wall but theres nowhere to go, I want to avert my eyes but I cant stop myself from looking upwards, Im thinking of the pain and thinking of the monster and thinking that I cant really go through it again as a wayward ray of sunlight catches my face  and throws him into relief and I can see him, see the still red eyes of this man, this man who started out as some kind of joke and is now my capturer and my torturer, I see his eyes bore into me, drill into me and Im waiting for it to be over.
He stares for such a long time. The sunlight stains my face and I have to blink. I can feel my body fold, slacken as I accept the inevitable, my resistance wont have built up and he can capture me easily. 
But he doesnt.
He continues to stare.
And then he steps back.
And hes gone.
My breath floods out. I have no idea why he left me but relief pours through me like a dam bursting. I want to scream, to shout, to start again, to forgive all those people and beg forgiveness from those who Ive killed I want to.
Hey man I stop, my blood freezes again, hes just playing with me, hes going to get me still.
Hey man, Ill find you but his voice is fading.
Cautiously I turn back to the grille, and peer outside. I can see the legs walking away, the cowboy boots throwing up dust behind him as he walks past the truck to the other side of the clearing. Slowly it dawns on me that he hasnt seen me, for whatever reason he hasnt seen me down here in this hole, I can only imagine as to why and then I realise that it doesnt matter why all that matters is that he hasnt seen me and hes given me a chance. I know its foolish but the only thing I can think of doing is escaping, of getting out and getting away.
Slowly, so slowly, I lift myself out of the hole, into the small work area in the shack, right next to my friend the barmans lifeless body. I touch his forehead in a meaningless gesture and crawl towards the exit, trying to make no noise, trying to keep the beating of my heart down to a minimum.  I poke my head out and I can see him, at the far end of the clearing, standing still, staring at the trees that start the forest. His trucks very close, even crawling it should take me only a few seconds to get there, but I have no technology. What if his keys arent in it? What if its keyless?  I have no choice, though, and so I start before I can let the fear take hold of me, moving into the open on my hands and knees, and crawling towards the machine. Its between us now so I cant see him, but Im sure hes still where he was, hes still staring into the distance trying to sense me. The sun is so strong, so powerful on my back, its slowing down my movements, slowing down time as I cover the distance, like a snail, like an ant to be crushed if I fail.
And Im there, Im there, and the door is actually open, not just unlocked but ajar letting me slip through it without noise and the keys are there, left there for me, and I could cry with relief as I carefully pull the heavy door shut and wipe my sweaty hands on my bloody shirt. Im sitting in the drivers seat, I can see him in the mirror, still standing motionless. One hands on the key, the other on the steering wheel. Three, two, one, I turn the key and the engine roars to life, he turns in slow motion as I engage reverse and stamp on the pedal. The truck lurches backwards towards him and for a split second we stare at each other through the mirror, our eyes connecting before he springs out of the way and the truck slams back into a tree.  Hes in front of me now and I shift gears quickly, moving forward at speed and again he jumps out of the way and suddenly I hear a soft bang, and the truck starts to spin and I realise hes remotely detonated the tyres and Im just on the metal now but hey its not my truck, I pull hard on the wheel and get control and then face forward and go as fast as I can, away from him, away from there until hes nothing but a speck on the horizon, until the sky darkens and the rain comes lashing down.
***
(Hey man Ill find you. Dont think its over yet)
(Theres a room somewhere that I need to find)
I am in a room of some sad, dank hotel whose name I cant pronounce. There are two things on the soft, squalid bed, one is a phone that I took from the truck, the other is the package that the now deceased Sharllen left for me. I considered taking her severed head from its trophy spot on the bonnet of the truck when I abandoned it, but decided against it. Too many dark creatures in that forest for me to be carrying fresh meat. 
First the phone. One call. I dial the number that I know by heart. It rings 3 times.
Yeah?
Simon
Whos this? He always says that because he wants to be sure he doesnt trap himself into admitting he is who he is. 
Simon. Its me. John.
Silence.
Simon  are you there?
His voice is cold and harsh. What do you want?. OK, this isnt good, and Im caught off guard, I dont really know how to respond.
Erm, Simon, its me. Erm, look, I need your help. I was kidnapped, for Gods sake. Ruth, I mean, Ruth, shes not who she said she was, she was a
That much is obvious, though that situation is now resolved. What do you want?
I need your help, Simon, Ive been tortured, I was caught by the Chinese, but Ive managed to escape, Im holed up somewhere, I dont know where, I dont know how to get out of it, its cold and its dark and Simon, I need your help, for Christs sake, Simon
You deserted me.
What? My voice is shrill, high, worried.
You deserted me. I specifically told you to stay, it was critically important, and you left. Fortunately we put the situation back under control, but you let me down. Hes speaking slowly and mechanically now.
No, listen, I didnt, I didnt mean to, I mean, I just made  a mistake, Simon, sorry, but I
Youre out.
What?
Youre out. Youre out of the organisation. Youre removed from the partnership. Ive taken back your assets. Youre on your own.
I can feel the panic rising through my chest, the sickness in my stomach and in my mouth, I am feeling so out of control, I cant deal with this, I am in so much trouble, I just need him.
Simon, listen, please, I am in so much trouble, hes after me, he wants to destroy me. Simon please I shout, my voice rising with each word.
Goodbye John.
Simon, I know, I know about Elvira, Ive seen it! Please! But hes already hung up. 
I fall to my hands and knees, and I throw up, on the broken wooden floor. What has happened here, how did I get here, two days ago I was taking the most powerful drug in the world, having sex with beautiful women, had everything that I needed. Now what? I have nothing. Everyone has left me. The closest thing to a girlfriend that I had is a traitor. I have been tortured and seen visions so intense as to destroy my mind. Im being hunted by an insane, unstable assassin, I think, and I cant even pay for a nights stay in this sorry excuse for a hotel. I stare at the sick on the floor, at the grey mess, I can feel my head swimming and swirling and it takes all my concentration and effort not to allow my hands to slip away and fall into it, a final insult for the cleaning lady to find me here in the morning, dead, drowned in the sad, despairing pits of my own stomach.
And then the phone rings.
I drag myself to the bed, and grab it, theres no number, just a screen saying you have a  call, please press any key to answer. Im holding it and staring at it, my mind racing, could it be Simon, calling back to help? Far more likely is that its him, come to chase me down and I can feel sweat form instantly on my hand. The display changes to The caller is still on the line, please make your mind up if you want to answer it or not. If I answer, hell know where I am instantly. But what if its not him? What if its Ruth, phoning to apologise, but then how would she know my number. What did Simon mean by weve got that under control. Has he had her killed? I shiver. I hope not, but then why not? Why am I so soft? The colour of the display changes again and I glance at it, now its saying The caller will probably hang up soon and what if they dont leave a message? I know youre there, just get on with it. I have to answer it, I have to take the risk. But what if Im caught, could I go through that again? I could always kill myself, but could I, and even if I could, how would I do it? I check the display again, its saying The caller is going to hang up. And even if they dont, you will be disconnected as I am fed up of ringing. Im counting down from five and then Ill disconnect you. Five. Four. Three. Two. One."
I answer the phone. 
Hello? My voice is dry and it breaks half way through, even that simple word.
John Paris. A mans voice. Its not him and I feel the relief flood through me.
Yes? 
John Paris. This is Tim Bateman. I take it you remember me. We need to meet. Ill pick you up outside your hotel in five minutes. And bring the package. He hangs up.


Chapter 32
Ex-employee, ex-partner, ex-soul mate. It was the three of us when it started, Simon, Tim and me. Tim was the one who first came up with the idea, he had always been into all that shit, into mysticism and experimentation, he did all the research, I mean, he demonstrated it, he invented it. Me, I was the one who built the technology, who made it into something real, and Simon, of course well Simon. Simon gave us the guts to do it, to do what it took, to make the sacrifices and to abandon the moral qualms. It didnt take us long, of course. And then Simon, he sold it, he convinced people, he turned it viable, he made us what we are. Or what we were. And, of course, he destroyed us. 
Sometimes I think Tim isnt real, just part of our imagination, or I think that Simon killed him, didnt have someone else kill him, like he normally does, but did it himself, he was so angry, felt so let down.
That cant be true of course, because hes here now, sitting next to me, driving this car, whilst I am gratefully sipping a beer and watching my hands slowly become steady. Without a word he motions to the glove compartment. I slide it open and it reveals a small container. Gratefully I slip two happy pills into my mouth. Well, it has been a hard ride recently. 
How did you find me? I ask. I dont know where to start, so that seems like a good place. 
I traced your former employers call. I trace all of them.
You  trace Simons calls?
He turns to look at me, inadvertently making the car swerve. Isnt that what I just said? and he gives me a broad smile.
I take another sip of my beer. Try something else. I thought you were dead I try.
He laughs, slapping the steering wheel, and the horn goes off. 
Yeah, well maybe I am. Ive been trying to decide and he stares into the distance. But actually, it doesnt matter. It really doesnt, because Im here, and I can do what I need to do
He winks at me, then asks did you bring the package?
I pull it  out of my coat and he smiles. Good
We carry on in silence for a while, driving on into the night, I have no idea where we are, no idea where we are going , but I allow myself a smile as I fall back into the leather seat and close my eyes. 
***
Who do you hate most in the world?
Well, thats a difficult question to answer. Im a simple person and I dont really go in for concepts as difficult as love and hate. There are a few people I dislike quite intensely at the moment, like for instance Babybro, for obvious reasons, Simon, for obvious reasons, Ruth, for, erm, obvious reasons, but I have to be honest with myself and admit that I know what they did and why they did, and would I really have done anything different if I had been in their shoes.
Well, yes I would actually. So my heads hurting and Im trying to think, and trying to answer this question, but my heads hurting and Im trying to think about Simon and was what he did really bad or was it just part of the deal, and then Ruth and the same thing, because Im pretty sure that the name I give will be important, will be  consequential, for the person involved, and not in a good way, so choose wisely, Mr Paris, choose wisely.
I rub the sleep out of my eyes, and take another sip of my drink. Its an imitation of the destruction cocktail, not quite as good as the original, of course it cant be, but pretty effective nonetheless. The stars in my eyes change colour, green to orange, and that can only be a good thing. 
Phil Collins I say. 
Tim gets up and stretches, throws back some pills and washes them down with coffee. Phil Collins, singer songwriter, former lead singer with the pop, or rock band, Genesis? he asks, and I nod. 
Good choice he says approvingly. I cant stand him either. Did you know he starts, chewing on his pills, that theres a website called The Plot to Kill Genesis? Its quite secretive, but basically its a club for all the people who had that group, and Phil Collins in particular. You go on there, and you submit ideas for killing the individual members of the group, and any member can choose one of the ideas and try it out. Theyve been pretty unsuccessful so far, but theyre still trying. Youve probably seen reports of assassination attempts in the papers. I tell you what, Ill get my PA to give you the details, you can have a look. Even if you dont try any of them, its quite a laugh reading the exploits of the people who have tried.
Yeah I reply, I dont think I will try and murder anyone else, I seem to be in enough trouble from the police as it is.
Ah yes, sighs Tim, our friends Detectives Carver and Morrell from CAT. Yes, they do seem to be unusually interested in you. Apparently youre also in the frame for the murder of a Ms Beryl Makepeace. Completely unfair of course he adds, grinning. 
Im spluttering, but! But! I didnt do it, Ruth killed her, and that was in self defence, it was only after she turned into a demon!
Tim raises his eyebrows and looks at me strangely. Oh well, lifes like that. Anyway, come with me, I need to show you something.
Reluctantly I get up out of my armchair, and follow Tim across the white marble floor to a doorway. We leave the huge room and enter a corridor that seems to go on for a very long way. It has a marble floor that echoes our footsteps and steel walls that reflect the dark light, showing us images of ourselves, and its very very cold. 
 Theres a door at the end. A heavy looking door, very dark, made of what looks like ivory; I guess and and Tim smiles. Ivory, yes of course. Of course it is. Theres a small panel embedded in the steel wall on the left, and Tim leans forward and breathes on it. The door shimmers  I think thats the best way to describe it, and we find ourselves on the other side. In darkness. Theres nothing here, nothing that we can see and I wait, completely still, completely silent, feeling the cold creep through me and turn my skin to ice. Theres a click and suddenly were in the light, it takes me a couple of seconds to adjust myself, I start shaking but Tim grabs my hand and steadies me and I feel a relief that hes still there. 
Were in a completely white room, of course. Closed and isolated. The equipment is against the far wall, the machinery making a faint hum. Next to it is a chamber, I guess this is where the subject is as Tim takes my hand and cautiously guides me towards it. The chamber appears to have a window, of course, but its completely black so we cant see or hear anything except for the faint hum of the machinery and . something else. 
I walk up to the chamber and get close to the dark glass, I put my hand to it and feel the slight vibrations, stare at the glass. I close my eyes and allow the vibrations to move through me. Theres a light touch on my back, I open my eyes and look at the blackness, then suddenly out of nowhere I am staring at a face, a womans face, right up and close next to mine and I want to jump back, recoil in fear but I cant move, my hands are tied, entwined in hers, she grabs them through the glass, and forces me to stay, to stare, to see her, her face, her naked body there now pressed against mine and all of it white, gaunt, dead.
I'm free, Im kneeling, panting on the floor, Tims helping me up, he nods solemnly, saying nothing, but he touches his hand to something and the darkness disappears allowing me to see the chamber, the prison, she stands there staring at me, an evil grin on her dead mouth, her hands in the air, attached to wires, attached taut so you can see the rips on her rotting flesh, the dark blood seeping out slowly as she stares at me with those dead eyes.
Those dead eyes that laugh at me.
Here it is whispers Tim, here it is, leading me away, I am struggling so much but I manage at last to tear my eyes from her and follow Tim to the console, follow his gaze to the small compartment beneath it, the bright, shiny equipment with the canister held in the centre, hundreds of cables and wires going into and out of it, but its there, unmistakeable, almost glowing.
is it I whisper.
Yes he replies. Its Elvira Ten. Well, almost."
Almost?
I cant keep it stable for long enough to use. I need your help. He smiles at me, but theres something behind it and I think theres something else here too.
And her? 
Shes the source. You know who that is, dont you, of course
I have no idea, so I nod, Of course.
She doesnt have much time left. I need to stabilise it otherwise it will be no use. But it keeps failing.
I sigh, dramatically. And you want me to fix it?
You were always so good at that. I could never get it right. I really need you to do this for me, John. Please."
And in it for me is..?
Tim smiles. Everything restored. All your assets. And Simon
Simon?
Well, well deal with Simon.
That is good, of course. Attacks need revenge. And Simons firmly on the wrong side. I nod my acquiescence, Tim slaps me on the back and we both turn to help ourselves to a large drink at the bar of the shiny, white room. I cant help looking back at her, as her grin grows wide and grotesque, and she bares her teeth. I turn away quickly. 
***
What are you using it for? I ask. Were on our third triple whisky, and to my relief Tim has broken out the cigarettes.
Ill show you he says, winking, and gets up out of his leather armchair. Hes slightly unsteady on his feet as he moves off, beckoning me to go with him. I make sure I dont turn around, I cant face seeing her again.
At the far end of the room there are three doors, identical, made of aluminium set into the white wall. They are completely blank, no handles, no locks. Tim walks towards the middle one and it disappears as we enter, into another white room, this one is much smaller, and much colder, making me shiver. Makes me feel something else, something I cant quite place. As we enter, light comes on from a source far above our heads. Tim stops but I carry on, keen to see what the small, black hole at the other side of the room is. I reach out to it, and I hear a laugh behind me, not before my head bangs into something solid but invisible.
What is it? I ask.
Watch, he says and he turns to the wall and touches a button on a panel that, of course, I hadnt seen.
Immediately a little animal, a rat maybe, or perhaps a mouse or even a hedgehog, scurries into view and wanders around aimlessly. Tim and I just stand there, watching, as it moves, in kind of circles, getting closer and closer to the black hole. I can guess whats going to happen, as eventually its there, touching the floor, sniffing curiously at the hole, and reaching out its paw, tentatively, and then suddenly its gone and Im sure I can hear a little squeak, a tiny cry of surprise and protest as it disappears. I look at Tim and he nods.
Yes, it is.
Really?
Yes he nods smugly. It is. A real, true HTSE.
My God. A real Hole to Somewhere Else I whisper. And then, Can you make it any bigger?
Thats the problem. I can, but its unstable. Thats where I need you.
***
My eyes are streaming from staring at the screen for too long, my hands hurt from typing, but finally I think I am there. All of this done under her eye and her malevolent smile. I glance up at her occasionally and see her there, I know her but I cant see her, I cant allow her. 
Mr. Bateman, Tim, comes and goes during this time. Hes gone for a few hours at one time, I guess hes gone to sleep, something that the stinging in my eyes tells me would be a really good idea for me. Of course I cant, though, of course he wont let me, I need to finish this, I need to stabilise it, before. Well, before she dies, finally, if what she is at the moment isnt really dead. 
Now hes sitting here, drinking coffee, watching me. Hes waiting for that nod. He wants to see it work. I dont know what he wants to do, though, does he want to go in there himself? Somewhere Else? I doubt it, its too dangerous, too uncharted, but then if there is anything known about it, he will have found it, he will know. Im too tired to ask as I concentrate on just getting these final bits done
Then suddenly theres a screen flashing, theres a noise, and Tim is out of his chair, by my side, staring at it. Hes got a phone in his hand and hes urgently whispering into it, things like secure areas 3 and 4, and proceed down the vetted security route only as I try to concentrate on what I am doing but I find this too interesting, Im connecting wires but Im looking at him and I smile warmly as he finally hangs up and drops the phone on the screen, allowing it to bounce onto the floor and lay there broken. 
Hes serious as he turns to me. 
Looks like we have visitors he breathes, pushing me aside and taking over the controls. The glass covering her starts to dim, and she hisses at us as she disappears from view. 
Get yourself ready he continues, "this is going to be fun." Self consciously I brush down my clothes, I realise I have been wearing the same ones for days, since the party, since my torture. I look up as theres a tap on the door and two men enter, both dressed in black, both holding serious weapons. In unison they nod at Tim and the man on the left says Mr Bateman, the visitors are outside, shall I allow them to enter? His voice is robotic, mechanic. 
Tim nods, and the men step aside, to allow two other men to enter the room. They stand there, side by side, both grinning broadly, both in shiny black suits, and I suppress a groan as I recognise them, of course. 
Well, well, well, look who it is starts the man on the left. 
Our old friend, John echoes the man on the right. 
What a pleasant surprise. We really werent expecting to see you here, we just wanted a word with Mr Bateman here, but were really glad to see you says the man on the left.
Yes thats right, as it looks like youve been busy again, havent you John? continues the man on the right. 
How many times do we have to tell you, murder is wrong says the man on the left. 
Tim turns to me and smiles, I see youve met Detectives Carver and Morrell
I nod glumly.
Would you like a drink, gentlemen? asks Tim.
I would love some of your famous scotch replies Detective Carver.
On ice, with a twist of lime replies Detective Morrell.
Tim motions to me, and I find myself, for some reason I dont quite understand, serving drinks for everyone, mixing Scotch and Lime on ice. I wonder if this is worse torture than that which Babybro inflicted on me. Probably not, I decide, but its a close call.
We are all seated now,  in the comfortable armchairs, sipping our drinks. I am struggling to stay awake, I guess its somewhere in mid morning but I have no way of knowing, so I guess it could be worse than having a drink in one hand, a cigarette in the other, allowing myself to take a break from the intensity of the work, and listen to these two clowns. I glance at Tim, and I see the serious expression in his eyes. .
Quite a place you have here starts Detective Carver
Thanks, smiles Tim.
Yes, quite neat comments Detective Morrell. He gets up and starts pacing round, wandering over to the console and the machinery. Hes peering at the Elvira Ten canister. 
Of course, I have no idea what this is all for, way above my understanding. But it does look interesting, doesnt it, Stephen? He taps the canister, and Tim and I glance at each other. 
It looks fascinating agrees Detective Carver. Absolutely fascinating. I wonder what this is and he gets up, and steps over to the dark glass cage. He raises his hand, about to tap on it. 
Er, would you gentlemen care for another drink asks Tim quickly.
Another drink? Wonderful smiles Detective Carver, turning. 
Oh yes please replies Detective Morrell
As they walk back to their seats, I see her face appear from the darkness, her smile. Detective Carver notices my stare and turns, quickly, but just as quickly, its gone. 
Er, gentlemen, can I please ask, why youre here? starts Tim, when we are all seated again.
Of course! cries Detective Carver, slapping his knee, how rude of us! Having your drinks, taking up your time, and not even explaining our purpose!
We are so sorry! adds Detective Morrell.
So, let me explain continues Detective Carver. We were originally here to talk to Mr Bateman, you see. On a, erm, non police matter.
Yes, adds Detective Morrell, we, you see, do certain amounts of private contracting in addition to our normal police work.
Thats right, says Detective Carver. But well come to that. By happy coincidence, though, we were very keen on speaking to John here. In fact, weve been keen on speaking to him for a long time, but we have found him, erm, quite hard to get hold of.
Very hard, in fact says Detective Morrell, smiling. You never answer your phone, John, and you seem to have actually moved out of your apartment. Even your best friend Simon doesnt appear to know where you are.
Im not sure Simons his best friend any more though, are you, Ian? asks Detective Carver, leaning over and putting his hand on his associates knee.
Good point, Stephen. In fact, Simon feels very let down by you, you know, John, I hope you feel ashamed.
You really should, you know. You cant just go around murdering people, especially not your Head of Strategy. It appears she was very good, you know. If a little large.
Now Detective Morrell places his hand on my knee. Now, tell me you didnt murder her just because she was fat.
Im shaking my head. I didnt murder her I reply, calmly, I didnt kill her, even, it was Ruth. Ruth La Fleure. She did it, I was there.
Ah, interesting replies Detective Carver.
Yes, very interesting, agrees Detective Morrell. you see, because weve talked to Miss La Fleure, and she was adamant that it was you who killed her, and she was a witness to that. She was even able to describe it in a great deal of detail.
And you believed her? I whisper
Well, I have to say continues Detective Carver, slowly, that we are, well, inclined to.
Very much inclined adds Detective Morrell.
You see, shes backed up by someone else."
Backed up would definitely be the right term laughs Detective Morrell.
Indeed! laughs Detective Carver.
In fact, it was someone who has your best interests at heart, and is keen that we, erm, talk to you, before any more of these unfortunate incidents can take place explains Detective Morrell.
And that would be who? but of course I know the answer
Of course you know who laughs Detective Carver.  He sends his regards, by the way.
Im trying hard to remain calm, I put my hands under my thighs to stop them from shaking. You are saying that Simon backed up Ruths story, and he claims he saw me murder Beryl? my voice cracks as I get the words out.
Exactly! Well done! cries Detective Morrell, and he actually gets up and slaps me on the back. By the way he adds, I didnt realise that they were that, erm, intimate.
I raise my eyebrows.
Oh yes, he continues happily, when we went to interview Miss La Fleure, we certainly found them in quite a, shall we say, compromising position. Some wonderful pics for my scrap book.
I admire your taste purrs Detective Carver and Detective Morrell smiles serenely. Mind you, he adds, turning his attention back to me, dont you agree that shes a good replacement as Head of Strategy?
Im blinking back my disbelief. Ruth La Fleure is Head of Strategy?
Of course. Well, they had to have one, didnt they, seeing as you murdered the last one.
Of course they did confirms Detective Morrell, a business like that, couldnt survive without a Head of Strategy, could it?
I sigh. And theyve sold me out?
Detective Carver starts stroking my knee gently with his hand. Well, look at it this way he says, sadly. Thereve just been too many murders, havent there. It was getting, frankly, embarrassing. You wouldnt want us to be embarrassed, now, would you? No, of course not. Someone had to take the rap, and lets see, there were only a few credible candidates. Its just the way it goes, my friend. And Ian and I here can tell ourselves that its been a job well done.
Very well done, really. Our boss will be so pleased smiles Detective Morrell. So, do us a favour please. He hands me a card, which I take without bothering to read it. On that card theres an address. Get yourself down there as soon as you can, and youll be locked up, awaiting trial. Theres a good chap.
Youre not even going to arrest me?
Yes, yes, yes, of course we are, consider yourself arrested, charged, convicted, whatever you like! Its just that we are a little busy to actually, get you down the station, as they say. We have business here, with Mr Bateman.
Get us a drink, theres a good man."
And so I do. And then I shut up, sit down and listen. 
Now then, down to business."
As you know, we are employed as part of law enforcement, in the CAT agency. However, in order to maintain our income and lifestyles, we are also, well, obliged, to take on private, contracted work.
Our current assignment, from our client, is focused on identifying the individual, or group, that is responsible for slaying U4.
All from Detective Carver, in a smooth, dry voice.
U4, as I am sure you are aware, is the name given to one of our five remaining unicorns; in fact, the name given to the fourth one, hence the monicker U4.
We have reason to believe that  you and he points directly at Tim, were involved in said destruction, and we are here to verify this.
Our client continues Detective  Morrell, picking up the story, is extremely upset about the destruction, and wants to seek an appropriate form of, shall we say, revenge.
You are clearly in possession of a damning piece of evidence, namely the horn of said unicorn, hence your ability to make what I believe you refer to as Elvira Ten.
So please continues Detective Carver, quietly and almost benevolently, dont insult everyones intelligence by denying this, and lets get to the discussions about what we are going to do about this particular issue.
And now theyre silent, sitting side by side on the couch, watching Tim and waiting, completely oblivious, apparently, to me. Thank God for small mercies. 
Tim doesnt appear to share my opinion, as he sits there, his hand shaking around his tumbler, sweat visible on his forehead, his eyes cast down towards the marble table. He needs to learn to control his nerves more; he looks guilty as sin, but then again thats not that relevant, really, as quite obviously he is guilty as sin, and the only thing he needs to do is to figure out what to do about it. Assuming, that is, hes been taken by surprise. Assuming he wasnt aware these jokers were turning up. Assuming he didnt know they were on this case. 
Assuming this isnt just an act on his part. 
Assuming that they are falling for it, if it is. 
Judging by their expressions, they are. 
Judging by their expressions, they can see cash all over this. No-one in their right minds would want to be turned over to their client. We all know, of course, who their client is. Their client isnt rich, but is extremely powerful. Unlike Tim, who is extremely rich, but only quite powerful. 
Tim is composing himself. Hes concentrating on his hand and it is starting to stabilise, starting to stop its shaking. Hes concentrating on his posture and he sits that little bit straighter and the sweat starts to dry. 
Gentlemen he says slowly, I think we can come to an understanding.
The tension disappears. He glances at me, for the slightest of moments, and I guess that his meaning of understanding may be quite different to theirs. 
First, may I show you something he continues, and they both smile. 
Of course you can answers Detective Carver. He gets up, walks steadily over to the chamber, and taps lightly on it. The darkness disappears and the haunted is there, naked, staring at him. He turns back to us, and says I just wanted to say hello. 
Tim smiles in return; we all get up and Tim says this way, please, gentlemen."
He leads us towards the far end of the room, towards the three identical doors, and I am wondering what he is planning. Is he going to show them the hole? Why doesnt he just give them the money, then give me a chance to get out of here?
As we are walking, Detective Carver touches me on the arm. Look, old chap, he says, youre welcome to come along for the ride, but after this I really must insist that you get yourself over to prison. If not, we will really be forced to cuff you.
Detective Morrell touches me on the other arm and adds And itll be me doing the cuffing.
Tim says, you really wont be worried about that in a minute and they glance at each other. 
Were at the end of the room, and Tim leads us to the door on the right, this time. Listen he whispers, in there, theres something you really need to see.
The detectives nod at each other, and walk towards the door. I start following, but Tim touches my arm lightly and we step back. I look at him questioningly but he ignores me. 
Just as Detective Carver is about to touch the door, he turns back. You wouldnt be stupid enough to set a trap for us would you, now, Tim? he asks. You know how our client would react."
Dont be silly smiles Tim, Im not that stupid
Time will show, unfortunately, that he is.
Detective Carver puts his right hand on the door, watching it dissolve slowly in front of him. The two detectives stand side by side in front of us, motionless as they look into the blank space, trying to make out whats there. It happens so quickly. I have to jump back as Detective Morrell falls backwards, is knocked backwards, a scream starting from his mouth but then quickly stifled, as something falls on him, I am trying to understand it, its a person, no its not, its a creature, with two arms, two legs, a body, a head, and everything, but a creature nonetheless, its hand pushing at Morrells jaw, its face and head buried in his neck. Tims got my arm and is dragging me back, against my will, as I want to see, I want to witness, as the creature lifts its head and bares its grin, Morrells blood around its lips, making it seem like some grotesque clown.
It stands up, and faces up to Carver, who stands motionless, unable to talk, unable to look away as it steps closer so that they are almost touching, as it reaches its hand out to put on Carvers shoulder and leans in towards him. But it doesnt bite, it just appears to whisper something, and then its gone, back into where it came from, the door reappearing in front of it.
Carvers on his knees, next to Morrell, he has a handkerchief in his hand as hes trying to stop the blood, as Morrells writhing and thrashing on the floor. As hes holding him down hes looking at us and shouting A vampire! A fucking vampire! Why? Youre dead, you realise that, youre dead!
And Tims shaking his head, and I can actually see tears in his eyes as hes whispering Im sorry, Im so sorry, it wasnt there, I dont know how it got there, look, please, let me help you, please..."
Get away from us! screams Carver.
No, please, listen, I can help, its not too late, if you treat him in the next three minutes theres a cure, its not too late Tims voice has an urgency now, a desperation.
You tricked us! Youll pay, for this, youll die. Ian, oh God Ian what will we do? I am so sorry. I love you, I really do Carvers voice is hoarse, but broken, his hands, his shirt, his suit are stained with blood and you can see the defeat in his eyes and he continues to hold his friend. Morrell is quieter now, steady and still for the moment.
Tim walks forward slowly. He reaches his hand out to Carver, he touches him slowly and he talks firmly, steadily. Listen to me, Detective Carver. Listen to me, Stephen, please. We dont have a  lot of time. Your friend has been bitten by a vampire. I am so sorry,  but you must believe me, I really didnt mean this to happen, I really didnt know it was there. But I do have a cure. We are really running out of time. You have about two minutes before the process becomes irreversible. If we treat him before then, we can reverse it, we can save him. Please, come with me. Please trust me.
Carvers face is uncertain, hes looking down at his friend, seeing the redness enter his eyes, hes looking at Tim, unsure, trying to read his face. His shoulders slump, and he nods, ever so slightly, but its there. Tim jumps forward, takes Morrells shoulders and drags him up, motions to me, Quick he says, and pulls him away, Carver and I following.
We stop at another door and Tim pauses, catching his breath. Now he breathes heavily, addressing Carver, I want you to take him. Carver reaches forward and holds his friend up. Tim, bloodied, steps back. On the other side of this door he says, is a white room. In that room, he will be cured. You are the only person who can take him in there. Close your eyes, walk through the door, and wait. When its clear, the door will open again. Are you ready?
Carver pauses, and then he nods, and without another word, he turns towards the door, struggling to get Morrell into position, then he pushes him forward and theyre both gone. 
Tim smiles. Well he says, that was easy. Now lets relax and have a drink. I look at him questioningly. You mean?
Yes, he says, theyre gone. 
***
Gone where I ask after my third vodka. Its a drink that I dont normally go in for, yet now I find it curiously satiating. My hands arent shaking anymore, well not quite as much at least, and I think I can still manage after four consecutive nights without sleep. 
Gone where is my question. Hardly original but there you go. I know, of course I know but I still want confirmation, I still want to understand.
You know, he smiles, of course you know. And, he pauses, you need to go there too. You know that, too, of course.
I guess I did. Thats why Im still drinking. So I ask, Im going
Thats right. Youre going Somewhere Else.
He pauses, waiting for it to sink in. 
No Im not I reply.
Of course you are, he says. Why else do you think you are here?
Well, I start, I thought... we had a deal, I thought it was because, you needed help fixing it didnt you? Im feeling very edgy, very nervous.
He brushes my objections aside with a dramatic sweep. Yes, yes, of course I did, and thank you by the way, but...
But I cant go there! What if I cant come back? What if I, I dont even know whats there, you cant make me go there, nobody knows whats there! Im getting hysterical now, and with good reason, to be honest. Let me just note for the record that there is absolutely no way I am going Somewhere Else; no way on Earth that this is going to happen.
Of course we know whats there. Absolute, ultimate power, ultimate freedom, ultimate everything. And you, my friend are the only person who can get it. The whole connection is built around you. All the sacrifice, its all around you, its all about you, youre the only one that can do this. And hes calm, talking to me slowly, letting me know that whatever happens I dont have a choice. Well hes wrong, whatever happens, I do have a choice, and its made, and its not what he wants. Somewhere Else is like the Other Side, its like the Dark Side, its like the darklands, its only known in legend and even legend speaks of it in hushed and uneasy tones. I saw the blackness, I saw the dark in that hole, I know what it made me feel like.
Tim. I steady my voice, as much as I can, try to speak slowly, calmly. You listen to me. Just, please listen. I have been through  a lot. I have seen a  lot. I cant, I wont.,.
He puts his hand on my shoulder and looks at me calmly and I stop speaking. 
But what if I but of course I dont have a chance to finish my sentence. His voice is so soft, like a whisper, like a breeze. John, John. My friend. We have been through a lot together havent we. You have to trust me, John
Maybe I do, nonetheless I still cant accept what hes telling me. I find myself on my knees, my hands touching him. I can feel the cloth of my Kevin Jackson suit trousers rub against the floor, I can feel my sweat soak into my white silk shirt, already stained with dirt and blood. I havent changed for four days, I havent even thought about it, but it registers somewhere in the back of my mind as I feel the cloth on my knees, the level of expense and sophistication that made me different, that was me, that still is me. I have never been like this before, but I have nowhere to go, nothing to fall back on except for here, and here is throwing me into the abyss
Please I whisper. Tim reaches into his jacket and removes a handgun. Through my tears I recognise a Rok Z-1 that he folds into a packet. I recognise, vaguely, it as the packet that Sharllen gave me. I feel it slip into my pocket. Then he brushes my hair back, touches my eyes, and 


Chapter 33
Its cold. So bitterly cold. I can feel it before I can see it. My whole body is broken, racked with pain. Maybe Im flying. Maybe Im sinking. Maybe Im crashing. Yes thats it, Im a bird, crashed into a mountain somewhere in the snowy wastes above China, sometime after the end of the war. 
Thank goodness for peace. Praise the Lord.
I need to pray, I need to give thanks for the end of the war. Im going to get up, Im going to nurse my broken wings and give thanks, and pray for forgiveness, and pray for mercy. Im going to crawl back to my nest and lie in peace, lie in the serenity of my mothers womb. Close your eyes and give thanks. 
Its like a needle, red hot, no not a needle, a sword, red hot, through my mind, through my brain, at once, the pain is staggering and I cant stop it, cant stop being lifted, being pulled, being thrown, Im flying, Im in the air like I belong, but instead of rejoicing I am crying because Im blood, Im dying, theres a sword through my head, theres one through my heart and even though Im a small bird I do have a large heart breaking, bleeding and dying, so I keep saying close my eyes, close my eyes and let me die in peace, let me float in peace to meet but I cant.
Because someones screaming.
Open your eyes!
Open your eyes!
Scream
Open your eyes!
So I open my eyes.
And then I close them again.
I know, at least, that Im not a bird.
And I see the wolf, again.
***
I can feel my eyes are open but I cant see. I can hear sounds all around me but I cant understand what they mean. The pressure underneath my feet tells me that Im standing but I dont know how. Only the cold is known, and still constant. 
Im not a bird. Im a man. And now I have two courses for revenge.
***
Its cold, so cold as I rub my bare hands together to try and get just a tiny bit of warmth into them, my fingers that burn with pain because I cant feel them. Im pulling my worn shawl around my shoulders, trying to get some protection from the freezing cold and rain.
The doorway offers scant protection, but at least its there. Im watching the dark figures approach, slowly on the frozen, empty road. They must have seen me but they make no sign, no recognition as they get nearer, as I can start to see the glisten of their eyes. 
Theyre almost upon me now, I can tell now, its a man and a woman, both dressed in heavy clothes, both with long drawn faces from the cold, both just focused on getting inside. Walking side by side but not touching, they reach me and I can feel the warmth from their bodies for a second, as the man brushes past me and they start inside.
I grab the mans coat and try to speak Can you help me, please my voice coming out as a harsh croaking. Its as if Im suddenly visible, as if some cloak has been ripped off, theyre both there, helping me to my feet, holding me up, taking me inside. Im struggling to walk, I wonder how long Ive been sitting there, how much of the cold Ive allowed to penetrate my bones, as I gratefully allow myself to be walked inside, towards a flight of stairs. 
Were sitting now, in a small room, all three of us around a table, mugs of coffee in our hands. Im not even drinking, just allowing the warmth from the drink to enter me and make me feel alive again. They are looking at me, both, intently, not saying a word. Its some time before I can speak.
Thank you I manage
How long were you out there? Its the girl
I study her thin, tired face, some kind of beauty hidden there. I dont know I whisper.
Well OK, she reaches forward and pats my hand with her gloved fingers, youve got a chance to regain your strength. Its been so cold here for so long, I dont know how anyone can survive out there too long. She coughs, hard, and it racks her fragile body, but she doesnt seem to mind, or even notice. Im Jenny, by the way.
The man nods, and says Mark. Theyre both looking at me expectantly. 
Er, erm, Im, er, John I reply. At least I think I do. 
Where do you come from asks Jenny; Why are  you here asks Mark, their questions overlapping. It doesnt matter as I dont really know how to answer either of them, and they hang in the air with expectation. Finally Jenny shrugs and says Im going to bed. Shes gone before I can say anything, leaving me sat with this unknown man, unsure of my next move. 
He clears his throat and says look, youre welcome to stay here tonight. Thats all we can manage, Im afraid, you know how things are.
Erm, you can sleep on the sofa over there he offers, gesturing. 
You look really tired he tries.
Is there someone I can call to help you? he asks.
Why are you staring at me? he asks.
Whats in the bag? he asks.
Are you going to pay us for staying here overnight he enquires.
[Where am I and why am I not answering]
Listen he sighs, Im going to get a drink, do you want one?
[I cant even answer that]
He gets up wearily, and walks past me. Come on, come on. His arm brushes mine, its just enough and I grab it and force myself to say A whisky, please
He stares at me. Without answering he turns away, as a shrill noise behind him starts. I dont bother turning, staring at the empty space in front of me, through the window beyond, at the driving rain against the dark sky.
His voice is quiet but clearly audible behind me. Hello, Mark Forth speaking
[something in me chimes]
Yes, thats rightno, not right nowno, definitely not yes, ok, I understand.yes, thank you, goodbye.
I close my eyes and hes sitting in front of me again, holding out a glass to me. I look at his eyes, searching, but they tell me nothing, so I take the glass and drink. 
Where are you from? he asks. I drink and stare at the snow. 
Whats in the packet? he asks.  
The whisky tastes rich and warm.
Whats in the packet? he asks again. I think his eyes are bleeding. I need to know whats in the packet.
Do I know you? I ask. 
Tell me whats in the packet.
Why do I know your name?
You dont know my name. You dont know me. Give me the packet.
I clutch on to it tightly. I do know you. Ive always known you. Do you have any pills?
He stares at me for a moment, then with his left hand, fumbles in his worn black jacket and pulls something out. I look at it eagerly, but its only a packet of cigarettes. Slowly he allows one to slip out of the torn foil on the end, he taps it on the table and puts it between his lips. Before lighting it he holds out the packet to me. Shrugging my shoulders, I take one. His right hand is shaking when he lights both of our cigarettes. He studies me thoughtfully as the smoke fills up the small room. The table is cold to the touch.
I have a pill for you he says at last. But you must show me whats in the packet. I swallow, and I nod. A small smile appears on his cracked lips. From somewhere in his jacket he produces a small envelope, that he slides across the wooden surface to me. My trembling hands take a moment to tear it open and shake out the familiar pill in front of me. Its in my mouth and drowned by whisky, and I can feel its effect immediately as the clouds begin to clear. 
Now he whispers, the packet.
I shrug and hand it over. Its still mine, you understand I breath.
Hes holding the packet in his hands, looking at it, I can feel his warm, steady breath touch me across the room and I look at my own hands, broken, cracked and empty and wonder if I have betrayed something, for nothing. 
Very carefully, meticulously, he unfolds its top and reaches inside, drawing out a white piece of paper. I have no idea whats on it, as he scans it, intently, as he lets it fall back into the packet. With it still in his hands he looks up at me and shakes his head very slowly, a questioning look in his eyes. 
What I ask, what?
His face has, if its possible, become even whiter than it was before, and I am sure that I can see a glistening, a tear maybe in his eye. Its not my problem, Im not sure what is, so I drink the rest of my whisky and ask can I have the packet back please. He doesnt answer, he just starts laughing, heavily, loud, hysterically, banging the table with his fists, hes starting to cough and splutter as hes laughing so much, but still he carries on, wiping the tears away from his eyes, coughing his guts up from too much smoking, spitting the whisky onto the dirty table, until finally he stops, throwing his head forward, resting it between his hands, muttering something between chuckles and sobs, and I can feel a presence next to me, its her, Jenny, I think, standing next to me, in a flimsy, dirty white nightgown, accentuating her figure. Shes shivering in the cold, goosebumps on her arms, as I watch her brush her long hair out of her eyes, I really want to reach out and touch her, but she ignores me. She whispers, but her voice is caught up, magnified in the silence
What is it? Whats the matter? Why are you laughing? Mark, are you OK? Shes up to him, putting her hands on his shoulders, holding him, whispering in his ear, as I stand there. She glances at me with such a hostile look that I find myself recoiling, pushed up against the white stone wall.
Oh shit, she breathes, oh shit oh shit oh and she doesnt finish her sentence, theres a huge crash and Im flying, thrown across the room, trying to protect myself but I find myself on her, holding onto her, I can feel her skin, her breasts, touching me, she pushes me away, we end up side by side, hunched on the floor, and involuntarily she grabs hold of me, in her fear.
Across the room, where there was a wall, theres a hole, rubble scattered around it. In front of it, where there was nothing, there stands what seems to be a giant robot, an iron clad man, with a helmet, a visor and an enormous gun. The gun is pointing at me. 
You will come with me its mechanical voice confirms my impression, and my faint hope that hes talking to the girl disappears when I find myself hauled up to my feet and held in an impossibly tight grip. As hes dragging me to the hole, his head turns and he says, in the same, strange voice Apologies for the inconvenience. I feel kind of guilty, too, that I have brought this on them. I dont know why. 
I cant really describe whats happening to me now, I dont really understand it, until Im back here, where I find myself in what I guess is a jail cell. I find myself sitting down, on a metal bench against a wall in the small space. It stinks in here, thats what I notice first. What I notice second is the bench on the opposite wall, close enough to touch, two figures hunched over, sitting on it, their faces covered and turned away, their clothes bedraggled. Im trying to get up but Im struggling so much, struggling to get to my feet and get over there, maybe somethings holding me down but I just feel so tired, like my body has no energy left, everything is so hard, until I let myself fall back onto the bench. 
Hey! I say, hey! and one of the figures moves slightly, like its only just realised Im here. I can see, now, a slit for the eyes, peering out cautiously, which seems to be followed by a long moan. Very slowly, a hand reaches up and pulls back the cloth covering the head, revealing a dark, face, covered in stubble, hair all over the place. 
You it whispers, and I realise, to my shock, that I am looking at Detective Stephen Carver. 
You need to help me he starts, Ians dying
He was bitten I reply, hes going through the change.
No! he tries to shout, but it comes out more like a sob, No, its not that! Ive seen the change, and its not that, hes dying, really, look, and they wont help.
I sigh. Let me look at him, Stephen.
The man studies me sharply, then he lets it go, reaching down and pulling the shawl from his friends face. Ian Morrell really is dying, I realise, his face drawn and red, covered in sores, puss and blood oozing from them. His eyes are open, but completely white, like the pupils have disappeared, and great clumps of his hair have fallen out. 
Shit is all I can say. 
You he whispers, you did this to us. You got us here.
No I say.
Its your fault. I will repay you. 
Thats not what happened. I didnt know what was going to happen then. 
I leave the silence in the air for a while. Im sorry about your friend, really.
Hes not looking at me, he just grunts. 
Do you know what happened to him?
Clearly, he says, after a pause, whatever you did to him, to bring him here, wherever, here is, after you had him bitten by a vampire, made this happen.
Clearly, hes probably right. 
Have you asked for help?
He laughs. Yes, Ive asked for help. You know what they said?
I hardly dare ask. What?
They said, just let him die, it will save us a job.
They said that?
He laughs bitterly. Thats what they said. The one time I saw them. After banging on that door he nods into the corner, for half an hour, they came and they said that. And now I cant move, either. Theyre just letting us die.
Butdo you even know who they are?
He snarls at me I dont know who they are, I dont even know where we are, youIan Morrell moans, and Stephen looks down, with tenderness, he strokes his hair. 
Morrells sighing, moving his arms about slowly, almost deliberately. The sores that cover his face make him almost unrecognisable, even worse, make his face seem like its melting, flowing away. Carver is stroking him, whispering to him, his hands shaking as he waits for the inevitable. 
Why he whispers, why did you do this to us?
I guess I could even laugh at this, instead I just reply Why? Well, let me ask you, why did you try to arrest me?
He doesnt look at me when replying, mumbling towards his friend I told you already, someone had to take the fall. And we just didnt like you, thats all. Thats all there is to it. You were annoying, arrogant and rich."
I shake my head isnt everyone?
Maybe. Maybe just because you were ugly. Or we were paid. What do I care? I mean, what does it matter now? Were stuck here, were going to die here. And its your fault.
Hey, hey, what makes you think were going to die here? Come on, we can still escape. I cant believe the stupidity of having to try and help this man, this enemy of mine. 
Escape he whispers. My friend, my best friend, is near death. I cant even stand, I cant even get up, can you? Of course you cant. And were stuck somewhere, in a cell, somewhere I dont even understand, do you even know where we are?
I shake my head. Were Somewhere Else I reply. 
He laughs bitterly. You see, I dont even know what that means and as he stares at me, I see his friend dissolve in his hands, finally, dissolve, and fall away onto the dirty grey stone floor in front of him.
Stephen Carver watches it happen, and starts sobbing silently. Im holding my breath, I realise, but cant let it go as I cant help but share his personal grief. 
Just before the door swings open, I manage to whisper Im sorry, Stephen. He doesnt look up as a tall, unspeakably thin man enters and stops between us, reaching down and touching him on the shoulder with a long bony finger. Stephen Carver stands up mechanically and leaves the cell, the man takes his place opposite me. I can only look at his shiny black shoes treading in the sticky remains of former Detective Ian Morrell.
Well, well, well comes the voice, and I tear my eyes away and upwards, to see this man in his shiny black suit. He is so thin, his face looks like it has been squeezed in a vice, his nose almost as wide as his entire face. His suit hangs on him like a bag, like it was made for someone twice as big, someone normal. His voice is deep, harsh and slow, though, like it belongs to someone else, maybe the man whose suit it is. 
Well, well, well he repeats; leaning over, he touches me with his strange fingers and immediately I feel strength return to my muscles, instinctively Im starting to get up but a look on his face stops me, and I sink back against the wall. 
He nods towards the door. Hell be dealt with, and pay for his crimes, dont worry. And so, of course, shall you.
My crimes? 
He gives me a thin smile. Tomorrow, my friend, thats when you will be in court. Maybe you should sleep before then.
Sleep. Now theres a novel concept.
***
Theres a huge glass window at one end of the court, and all the chairs and desks are angled to face it. It makes it kind of weird, if you are standing, like I am, in the defendants box, because all youre doing is facing this window, as are the judge, the lawyers and the jury, such as they are, and of course the spectators. All turned away from each other, away from me, all facing the window.  In fact, more than this, theyre all in front of me, even the judge, so that none of them can see me without turning round. 
And behind the window, the scene of someone being executed. In this case, of course, the someone is Stephen Carver, gone to join his friend and soul mate in the Great Detective Agency in the Sky. A live execution, pretty interesting, and though Ill record it here, I do admit to being slightly ashamed about the serve you right feeling that I get when I see him fall to his knees and beg for his life before he is disembowelled, and, screaming with pain, decapitated. 
Everyone here cheers for that bit (I find myself joining in, caught up by the atmosphere), and even in his agony, Stephen Carver does turn round and does look at us, a total lack of comprehension on his face about his crimes, his reason for being there. 
As his body crumples the glass explodes, like a bomb, shattering us all in tiny fragments, I find Ive thrown myself down beneath the flimsy wooden defendants stand, yet peering out I see that everyones on their feet, reaching out, grabbing the glass, rushing forward, grabbing  the disembowelled, headless body,  dragging it out and tearing it to pieces.
This, I breath to myself, isnt good.
All rise booms the judge and everyone laughs, including him.
Ah yes he continues, now we have the case of the people versus the next intruder. He coughs, will you stand, please."
Everyone laughs again. The judge, wearing a white wig and a red gown, grabs a microphone from his desk and shouts Play it again! Play it again, Barbarossa!
More laughter.
The judge picks up what appears to be a rock from his judges desk. Without warning, he hurls it at me, and I have to duck. Peals of laughter this time, some people falling over and having to pick themselves up. 
The judge holds up his hands, sticky with blood, presumably from Stephen Carver. Oh, look, what happened here he says in a mocking voice.
Stop, stop, youre killing me shouts someone from the benches, crying with laughter.
Can I have a drink, please? I ask. 
The defence lawyer (I know this because he has a big badge pinned to his shirt saying Defence Lawyer, other than this he is laughing as hard as everyone else)  he composes himself for a second, springs to his feet and bangs his defence desk very hard with his fist. 
I demand my clients right to a drink! he shouts, and everyone (including him) starts laughing again. 
The prosecutor, mimicking the defence, jumps up, and bangs his own fist on his own desk, shouting Objection, your honour! The defendant is clearly already drunk!
Sustained booms the judge, and then on second thoughts, hell die soon anyway, so why not. Get the man a large bottle of whisky.
But, your honour starts the prosecution.
Silence! screams the judge.  
Now he continues, calmer, get the man a drink.
People hurry off and quickly theres a bottle of Jack Daniels in front of me. 
The judge is peering at me from behind dark glasses. Would you like to make a statement?
I take a large drink and nod, then stand up. Everyone has turned in their chairs, seats, stools, to face me. People are silent and expectant. 
I have no idea what to say, so I take another drink and clear my throat. Your honour, I start, ladies and gentlemen of the court. I am not guilty. I sincerely apologise for any trouble that I have caused you, but I am not guilty, and I would beg the court to let me go and allow me to live my life.
The prosecutor is about to say something, but the judge silences him. He rises to his feet, I am shocked by how tall he is, he towers over me and everyone else in the court, in his wiry, skinny frame. 
Mr Paris he starts, in a deep, languid voice. Whether you are guilty or not is an irrelevant question. No doubt, you are guilty of a great many things, but perhaps not in our world. In our world, you are guilty of just one thing."
There are murmurs around the court, everyone is staring at me, people are nodding in agreement. 
Do you know continues the judge, what that is?
Er
You should know, he continues, you should be completely aware. Shouldnt he? he addresses the courtroom
More murmurs, more agreement. 
Do you know where here is?
Silence. I have to say something. Here, I say cautiously, is Somewhere Else.
The judge chuckles softly. No, he says, you are from Somewhere Else. You come here, you all come here, youre all the same.
The prosecutor stands, and says formally The defendant is charged with violation of his soul.
What? I say.
The defence stands, and says formally The defendant pleads guilty.
No I dont! I shout.
Silence! shouts the judge. Sentence, he continues, in a softer voice, will be passed. All rise please.
Everyone in the courthouse shuffles to their feet, everyone, shabby and well dressed, looking at me. 
John Paris, the judge continues in his deep voice, the court finds you guilty of coming to our world, with the intention of destruction, solely for the purpose of power to yourself. This is a very serious crime, for which there is only one punishment. You will be devoured by the beast. Do you have anything to say?
You cant kill me I whisper, and everyone laughs.
Just try I say.


Chapter 34
I am the wolf


Chapter 35
Im back.
Tim I whisper.
His hollow eyes stare back at me.
Tim
His white shirt is ripped in two. Its like the talon of some giant bird took a swipe at him. Theres red on each side of the rip, random splashes of blood. I touch his chest and I can feel the heart beat. But his eyes are hollow and dead. 
Im a simple man, I just want power and money like everyone else, but I fear that I may have too much.
Youre going to have to let him rest whispers the nurse, gently she takes my arm and I rise with her, we walk out of the room and the door slides silently behind us. I let her continue to hold my hand and feel her soft, smooth skin touching mine. She is very beautiful and young, and I imagine slipping her uniform off and making love to her gently in the adjacent room, on the hospital bed, watched by all the patients who are too ill to move, too ill to even turn or react, too immobile to do anything, just able to watch and cry in agony as their hormones rush through them and tell them to do things that they cant, they cant while I can and do, God I love hospitals and theres an empty room just there, a bed just there, with its crisp white sheets and perfect cleanliness. Shes stopped and shes turned to me and shes smiling at me and God she is beautiful, her teeth are so white, even whiter than the sheets, so I cant help myself and I whisper to her I love you
Her smile grows even brighter and she says I love you too, and without any more prompting she leads me into the empty room, and starts to unbutton my tailored trousers with her teeth, and then were on the bed, were making love, and its even better than I thought it was going to be, and when she comes shes screaming and Im looking around and theyre all there, all looking at me, all straining, and just before I come I see Tim, and I see, theres a flicker in his eyes as I wink at him and then
And then my head explodes. 
The lights are brighter. Brighter than the sun and I think maybe, at last, Im in heaven, then I think, dont be stupid, remember who you are, I believe yes of course I believe who wouldnt, but I am simply, totally, and awfully unworthy, and so I conclude that the lights must be real, the blood on my hands may not be my own because my head is still there, I am feeling it, bathing it in blood, I must still be here. 
I am here, of course, I am here, in the hospital, on the bed, here staring at my bloody hands, sitting here on the perfectly white, pristine sheets, except they are not white any more either, they are red and brown, red for blood and brown, or off white to be more precise, for little bits of bone and Im guessing bits of brain. Then, of course, I realise, its not me, its her, and I almost shed a tear for the lovely nurse, who I knew so intimately only a few moments ago and now lies immobile, her head torn in two, her neck ripped open, quite clearly beyond saving. 
Dont panic, I think. I panic. Im looking round wildly, theres no one here, just the dead and the inert, just Tim, and can I detect, or am I imagining, in his broken face, a slight hint of a smile, you bastard, I think, and then, shit I really have to get out of here, Im not even sure why Im here, except for maybe visiting Tim, but Im guessing this maybe hard to explain, why there seems to be a dead nurse here and me covered in her blood, and no one to protect me. Shit shit shit. 
OK, dont panic, Im breathing deeply, Ive been through worse. But Jesus, there really is no one to protect me here, I cant ask Simon, I have nowhere to hide, nowhere to go, actually, what the hell do I do. And what the hell happened, come to think of it, why is she dead, did I really do this. I couldnt have, could I, I couldnt be, oh no, oh my god, no, the wolf.
No.
Stop.
Focus, come on, John, focus. Whats there, whats around you, no one, just the dead and the dying. Theres a corridor, theres a lift at the end of the corridor, what if someone comes up, what if someone is here, look at me, then Ill be in trouble. OK, I need to work quickly, first, I need to tidy up, get rid of the evidence, hide the body, so to speak, tidy myself, brush myself down. Then Ill worry about what else to do. 
Right. Tidy up. My hands are shaking as Im rearranging the bed sheets, covering her up, trying to contain the blood, covering the sheets over and over, but at the same time I seem to keep getting blood from my hands and body all over the sheets again, and I throw my hands up in frustration. 
Eventually Im starting to manage, Ive wiped myself down, and apart from a few minor stains on my shirt, which I can just about cover up with my jacket, there doesnt seem to be too much blood. Im breathing heavily, I can see a ghostly reflection of myself through the glass partitions, my face looks wild, unkempt, fearful. Okay, get rid of the evidence, the towels, the spare sheets around me, the bloody mess. Take that empty bag that someone has left there, conveniently, stuff them in there, right Ive done that. Brush myself down, steady myself and walk out of here. 
Walk down the corridor to the lift, press the button and wait. That poor girl, I didnt even know here name. That poor, beautiful girl. 
Ping, goes the lift. The doors slide open and I step inside, then halt myself to avoid bumping into the person coming out. Shit. Quickly I step aside, muttering Excuse me and start again towards the lift, without lifting my head.
Mr Paris?. Youre joking. I nod quickly without looking up. Oh, Mr Paris she continues, in her smooth, silky voice, Im so sorry about your friend, I really dont think theres much we can do for him. Its so nice of you she purrs, to visit him. Shes there, waiting for my response, Mr Paris? 
I look up. Another beautiful woman (For the record, long, flowing, dark hair, a radiant face, perfectly proportioned, eyes that sparkle like the sun).  Something strange starts to happen, and I can recognise the feeling this time, as it builds in me, overwhelming me, overpowering me, telling me to shout and to scream to her that I love her, that I will lay down and die for her, that I want her, that I cant live without her, and l know, I know she will say the same.
Thank God I am so strong. Erm, yes, thanks I say, and get myself into the lift quickly, hitting the ground floor button. As the lift door starts to slide shut, so slowly, almost in slow motion, I reach my hand out to her, and my eyes catch hers and dance with beauty and with desire, and her hands reach out for mine and if we touch its all over.
And the lift doors shut. I breath out, in relief. As the lift glides smoothly downwards, I allow my head to rest on the panelling. Shit. Fuck. I am the wolf. This, really, is all I need. 
***
The hospital lobby is vast, stretches out in clean, sterile white further than I can see, blurring into some sort of antiseptic haze far in the distance. Be cool, be calm and casual, dont get noticed, dont hurry, dont run, dont turn round. I wonder if she has found her yet, one beautiful person finding another dead and buried, well, covered, half her head missing and her throat ripped out. I wonder how quickly she will set the alarm, will she phone down to the front desk, or to security, or will she scream for a while, then faint and then run towards the lift. Im walking past the front desk now, glancing sideways  be cool, be calm, I can feel sweat on my forehead dripping down into my eyes, just wipe it off casually, be cool. The nurse at the desk catches my eye, thank goodness, its a man, he smiles at me and says Good evening, Sir in a friendly voice. I am nodding quickly at him, and I turn away to the exit, its in my sights now, I can get there, I can do this, I can escape into the night and build a new life for myself, far away from all of this, far away from what Ive left behind. 
Perhaps I should join a convent, or a monastery, perhaps a better choice, I need to keep away from women, unless I kill men too. Wow, I hadnt thought of that, what if its not just beautiful women who I want to devour and destroy, no, that cant be right, it must be, Ill be OK, I just need to keep away from beautiful women, and Ill be fine. But Ill need money, a passport, an identity to do this, to be able to get away from my old life and start again, how will I get that? Good point, good question. Simon could help me but of course he wont, he is a man of his word after all and it would take a lot to bring him back. OK, well maybe I could, but its unlikely. What about Tim, but then Tims dead, or as good as dead. What did happen to Tim, actually, good point, what did happen to him, how did he get that way? Maybe I could break into Tims hideout and steal some money, no but I  dont even know where it is or how I got there. Who else is there, though? Ruth? What about Ruth, she betrayed me, not just once, but twice, as far as I can tell, and now shes sleeping with Simon and enjoying the good life, who knows, she may even be living in my apartment, watching my huge television and making love to him in my enormous bed. Could I forgive her? Probably, if she slept with me again, probably, if she helped me out, if she felt she owed me and had to atone. Maybe, maybe she could, she would. What if I kill her, though? What if shes beautiful enough for me to rip her in two? I wonder, if its triggered by beautiful women, what would happen with an ugly woman, or at least one who isnt beautiful. I wonder where the line is, how you define it, is it me who defines it or is it some cosmic beauty line somewhere in the sky? 
Ruth is out, I reckon, she turns me on too much, she must be what I would consider beautiful, and though it may be some sort of pleasurable revenge, it wouldnt help me get out of here, really. But what if I wore dark glasses, would that help? One of the first things Im going to need to do is to contact some sort of werewolf expert, there must be some around, I need to understand the rules, otherwise I could land in a whole heap of trouble. Maybe theres a cure, that would be good, I know that scientific advances are working, in China they managed to cure that baby girl who was born with two heads, didnt they, well if they can do that then they must be able to cure werewolfness. Is it that, or is it werewolfosity? I need to find out. Anyway, back to the point, not Ruth, not yet at least until I know what Im dealing with here. So, Tim, maybe it should be Tim. Lets face it, my friend, you dont really have a lot of friends do you, its not like you can open your phone book and pick out five people who can help you out with this particular problem. And Im here, arent I, Im here right now, so I could talk to Tim, but hang on a minute, I cant go back upstairs can I? Christ, Im being stupid. Just get out of here, right thats what Ill do, then Ill figure it out. Though maybe I should find out whats wrong with Tim, at least if I know that then I know whether I have a chance of getting it sorted dont I? Well, I could just ask quickly, find out, then get out of here quick, the nurse still isnt down yet is she, shes probably fainted so I guess Ive got a few minutes. OK, here goes.
And with that I turn back to the desk and look at the nurse at the front desk, whos still looking at me, a questioning look on his face. I swallow and then walk back up to him, glancing at the huge sign above his head that proudly states Silent Rage Community Hospital, and underneath, Here to Help and to Cure with a Smile
Excuse me I start, trying not to sound too nervous. 
Hes continuing to stare at me, in that curious way, but his smile is warm as he replies, How can I help you, sir?
I was here visiting a, erm, friend God, I feel nervous.
Yes, of course, you mean Mr Bateman?
OK, he knows, how does he know, dont worry, well maybe I told him, I mean, I cant remember anything older than about two hours ago. Or an hour, or even less. I wonder why that is, to be honest. Concentrate, come on. Be cool.
Yes, erm, thats right, well I was, erm, I was wondering  and I stop, unsure of myself.
His smile grows broader, and he reaches out with his right hand and gently touches me on the arm. Hes younger than I thought and his green eyes have a sincere glow. 
His voice is low and husky when he says I dont finish until eleven, but yes of course, I will."
What? I think. What? I ask, and his face suddenly turns so red  Erm, yes, I mean, well he says, stammering. Hes pulling himself back, and then says, Erm, Im sorry, sir, what was it you wanted, Mr Bateman, yes, of course, tragic case.
Erm, you think?
Well, yes of course. Were both silent there for a moment, both looking at each other, I dont think either of us knows what to say or how to continue.
Erm, look I start, youre, very, I mean..."
No need he replies quickly.
No need for what? I ask.
Well, erm, no need, to, erm, apologise and he trails off, looking downcast now, but I have no idea, really, what he is talking about.
Erm, apologise?
No, of course not, apologise, why would you need to apologise, of course. What I meant, was, no need to explain. I understand. Mr Bateman was a special man. We of course, think we may be able to replace some of it, but hell never be back to normal, to be honest, I dont think we should, I think we should just let the poor man die, but of course the doctor will have told you, I mean thats just my opinion. I mean, ohoh, Im so sorry, you werent close were you, that wasnt why, you and me, was it
I think, maybe he realises hes lost me as his words rush out and then stop, suddenly as he looks completely lost, completely off balance. 
Erm is all I can say.
Can I buy you a drink? he asks, forlornly.
Erm. I think I should go. Thanks anyway. But were both standing there, looking at each other, his mouth hanging half open in some comical imitation of shame and something else. Im about to say something, I have no idea what, but fortunately, or maybe unfortunately, Im stopped.
Mr Paris, may I please have a word?
Oh God, too late. There go my plans again. I turn round and look curiously at the tall, lean man, dressed in a beige raincoat, collar turned up, a trilby leaning forward over his head, half covering his face. 
Of course I smile at the black and white figure and I follow him across the distant whiteness of the vast empty lobby, towards the far wall. He disappears suddenly and I find myself following him through a disguised door into a small room, empty except for a white table and two white chairs, bright and dizzying and almost indistinguishable from their surroundings. 
At our seats on the table, the man leans forward and extends his hand, which I shake, His hands are cold, not just cold, almost like ice. He removes his hat deliberately, putting it on the table between us and revealing a thin, white face under cropped jet black hair. His smile is about the scariest thing Ive seen all year, which, of course, is saying something.
I really am an idiot sometimes, which may of course be completely obvious, but it still surprises me, as I realise that this man is a detective, a policeman, and, beyond the litany of crimes Im supposed to have done, there is one which I actually appear to have done, and this is it, Im on my own, facing a murder charge of a beautiful nurse, and my pleas of being a werewolf are quite unlikely to have a positive bearing on my conviction. Shit, shit, again, Ive done it again. Why didnt I run? Was all that charade with the receptionist a tactic to keep me here, while the detective arrived, and why did I fall for it, so easily. No, dont answer that, I know, Im an idiot. 
Mr Paris, my name is Detective Simmons , Harry Simmons he says in a slow drawl, with that scary mouth and eyes that are completely focused, yet not at me. 
Dont ever give anything away, remember that. Yes? I say nervously.
Im sure you realise that I would like to talk to you he smiles. 
ErmI killed her! OK, yes, I killed her! Im really sorry, I didnt mean to! I blurt out. 
OK I have to give him this, the man is cool, despite looking French, he just raises his eyebrows and gives a slight smile. Killed who?
Erm, well, her, you know, the nurse, upstairs, I really didnt mean to,  but you know, since I got bitten by the wolf I trail off and give him a despairing look.
He doesnt say anything for a few seconds, but slowly reaches into his overcoat, removing a small, black leather notebook which he opens, and makes a few careful notes inside. 
OK he says, now, well have to come back to her later, we first need to discuss a few more important matters. For a start, I take it you know who I work for?
The police? I venture, and he smiles patronisingly. 
Yes, of course, the police, who doesnt, but specifically, I work for CAT. He pauses and stares at me. you know, of course, who CAT are, dont you?
Yeah, yeah, of course I do I rush out.
But he shakes his head, you dont, do you? You have no idea. Unbelievable. And they said you were connected."
I am connected! I start to protest, but he waves his hand and I stop talking.
CAT he starts slowly, is the Crime Annihilation Team. No?
Seeing the blank look on my face, he sighs. This is the way it is, theres lots of shit in the world, right, yeah I get that, but the most, I mean, the biggest, thats people like you guys, right? People who operate outside, you know, people who do what they want and ignore the law. You know this, right, you know how often do you think you, or your mate, Simon Hart, have just gone and killed someone, murdered someone, with no comeback? You know that, right? It never occurred to you how, right? 
OK, well maybe he has a point, but Ive lost too much face already. You guys, of course
Thats  right he beams at me. Us guys. We get it, right, you guys are needed, we may not like you, we may even hate you, but thats not for me to judge, we get it that you are needed. No matter that you are the scum of the earth, youre rich bastards that feed on the suffering of the poor, I mean, were friends, we can put that aside, right, never mind that you dont give a damn for anyone except yourselves and that youre a bunch of arrogant 
He stops in mid sentence, Sorry, just getting carried away he carries on, more slowly, more calmly, its not my place to judge, right. Where was I? Oh yes, so anyway, we control it, we work with you, we used to work with what was her name, your head of strategy, until you killed her
I didnt kill her! I interrupt.
Yeah, yeah, OK, whatever he brushes my protest aside, the point is, that we had an arrangement, an agreement, and so long as we stuck to it, then things were fine. But that agreement, it had some conditions, giving me an earnest look, I really need a drink, do you need a drink, we could do with one, couldnt we? Yes, a drink, what a good idea, lets get one, what do you drink, Jack Daniels, right, dont ask me how I know, its just my business. 
He flips open an unbelievably small phone, smaller than my little finger, and speaks into it without dialling, Yes, hello, yes, were still here, can you get me a bottle of JDs and two glasses, no ., no not that, no, JDs, I mean Jacks, yes thats right, Jacks, Jack Daniels, you know, right.Yes, no, its whisky, you know, yes, OK, yes two glasses, and yes, OK, cigarettes, why not  you smoke? Good (Im not sure if hes asking me), yes, OK thanks, yes, now, of course. No, I dont need them yet, no OK, tell them to wait outside (he glances nervously at me) yes, I can handle it, its fine, OK, yes thanks, yes OK, goodbye.
OK, yes, its on its way, yes I feel thirsty, really, dont you, anyway, yes, we had an arrangement, and this arrangement, it had conditions, and without the conditions, well, the arrangement wasnt valid. And you he points deliberately at me, you broke the conditions of this arrangement. He stops speaking, letting his words hang judgementally. I mean he continues, after a pause, to an extent, I can understand it, even if you anyway, I got it, you got a lot of power right, I mean, is it true, I meant to ask, is it true that you cant be shot? Can I try? I mean, thats quite awesome power, I understand, but I mean, to sell it to the Chinese, for Christs sake, what were you thinking? Really, I mean you almost started a war, I mean, you did start a war, I mean, really, how irresponsible were you, what were you thinking of? Really, I mean, what were you thinking of?
Theres a light tap on the door and the receptionist enters, carrying a tray with a bottle of Jack Daniels, two crystal glasses, a packet of cigarettes and a silver lighter. 
Ah, excellent. Just what we wanted, can you pour us some please, yes, thank you that will be wonderful. We both sip, and I relax a little, watching him watching me. 
Anyway, he continues in his drawl, thank goodness we got that back under control, still not sure how mind, why they suddenly pulled back but there you go. My point, though, is  this  my point is, that is my point, is that you dont do things like this. Have a cigarette.
We had a deal, we had conditions, and  you broke those conditions. OK, you were idiots, shit happens. No, actually, you he says, pointing at me, were an idiot, your man, your best friend, Simon Hart, he wasnt, he was very clever, too clever, or at least he thought so, thought he was too smart, thought he had outgrown us, the usual story, etcetera, etcetera and etcetera. But of course he couldnt. Of course he snapped up on our radar like a missile, like an Eff One Hundred and Eleven, like they say. Mind you, what do we do? We take decisive action, of course, we send two of our best agents onto the job. Of course we do. Roll out, roll up, roll on, the kings of detectives, the cream of CAT, the last men standing, our very own Detectives Carver and Morrell. A-Team themselves. Incorruptible. Go in. Get it sorted. Get out. Clean up the mess. Bodies lying around, unexplained murders, crashes, accidents, all the small stuff, wipe it up, clean it out, and then of course the big mess. Get you under control. Get you sorted out. Ah, it was simple, it really was.
It was? I ask, timidly
Yes of course it was! he shouts, slapping the table. Of course it was. Well. It should have been. Except, well, except for lots of things. Except that our two best detectives turned out to be not quite as incorruptible as we first thought, quite like the taste of billions of dollars and of fine wines. Yes, my friend, yes they did. And soon they decided to, shall we say, pave a clean slate, no that doesnt work, does it, shall we say, er, polish the blackboard, no, well, you know what I mean, they offered Mr. Hart a way out, a way of moving forward, so long as he cleaned up his own mess. But they wanted, of course, they wanted a scapegoat, and of course, he gave them his obvious person, who had made enough mistakes to fill a fucking lighthouse, if youll pardon the expression, who had his fingers, so to speak, all over the trampoline
Excuse me?
He sold you out, my friend, thats what he did, he sold you out. He gave you to those wolves, to those vultures.
He did?
He did, Im afraid. He gives me a sympathetic look and lights another cigarette.
No he didnt. He looked after me, and Ruth betrayed me.
OK, OK he says, exasperated, lifting his hand up. Its complicated, I grant you. Ruth, or Miss La Fleure, or Agent 57, which is her actual name, slightly muddies the picture. As does anyway, never mind, more of that later. But the important thing to understand, is that Simon was in trouble, and he gave them you. Think about it. Why else did you get kidnapped, twice, I may add, and why didnt he get you out of it? Because he couldnt? Dont give me that, he can do whatever he wants, thats the problem! Because he wanted you to feel distanced, because he wanted you vulnerable, so that they could lay the blame on you. Which, I have to be honest, they did, quite successfully. Until they disappeared. Havent quite got to the bottom of that one yet, Im working on it. You havent seen them recently, have you?
I shrug. 
Of course youve seen them! he cries. They found you at Tim Batemans house. Theres a character! Anyway, enough of him, do you know what happened to them after they left his house?
They were eaten by vampires I say quietly.
He studies me, then bursts out laughing. Eaten by vampires! Brilliant! Youre a man, you know that, a real player. People have been watching you, of course they have, you know that, anyway, most people, you know, they dont rate you, they think youre a wash out, a few good ideas, but nothing else beside that, no fire, no personality, no soul. Ive always stuck up for you, you know. OK, you may not make any sense, you may never say anything valuable or do anything  worthwhile, but underneath, I think, somewhere theres something about you. Wouldnt you agree? Well, yes, of course you would, of course you would. Anyway, not the point, my apologies, I digress. Where was I, ah yes, thats right, our two famous detectives, Carver and Morrell, R I P, eaten by vampires, whatever.  In any case, they helped Mr Hart out, they helped to set you up, and of course, they got greedy. Well, I say, greedy, what I mean, is , even greedier. Do you know what U4 is? Cant make it out myself. In any case.
He stops, and looks up, above me, and a silence falls on us. 
In any case? I prompt.
In any case. Are you really a werewolf? Theyre  supposed to be very strong, arent they. Are you very strong. Could you , for instance, I dont know, could you anyway, well come back to that. Look and he reaches over to me, and folds my hands into his, like a protective father. Look, the case against you is very strong, Im afraid. Multiple murder, arson, treason, defacing property, the list goes on. If you go to prison, believe me, you wont get out. But and he points at me, but  you dont need to worry."
I dont?
No! you dont. Because I have a deal for you. I can make it go away.
You can?
Yes! I can. I can make it all go away. I can give you your house back, I can give you your car, I can
Suddenly the mention of my car makes something, something tiny, move inside me, take another look. Have things really changed for me? Well yes, I guess, I have lost my house, OK I can live with that, I have lost my freedom, well sort of, but then did I ever really have it, I lost Ruth, yes OK but that was a bit of a mess anyway and if she betrayed me I can hardly blame myself. What else have I lost? Im not sure, something about going to bars, and to restaurants, and my apartment was actually, but hey. My car, I love my car. Somewhere I need to make a note of that, and explain just how much l love it, I will do that sometime, when I get around to it. I dont even know where it is. 
Give me another drink  I breath, and he smiles a broad smile.
***
The concept is quite simple. I have to betray Simon. The actual details of this are much hazier, and Im not really sure, to be honest, if thats because they werent explained to me, or if they were and Ive forgotten. But whatever the details, the basic idea is the same, betray Simon, hand him over on a plate to Detective Simmons, and the slate is wiped clean. No more accusations of murder, whatever else there was, even the nurse upstairs in the hospital will be taken care of.  Plus some sort of ongoing immunity to prosecution, some way of making sure a few stray incidents get managed and dont land me in more trouble. 
Apparently Simon is quite keen on seeing me now, now that Ive been Somewhere Else and survived, now that I have (even more) amazing powers and now that I can give him the secrets that lie on the other side. That in itself, though, wouldnt really have done it, a man like Simon is a man of principles, a man who believes in his values, a little like me. Nothing like me, in fact.  What really clinched it, what the deal maker, so to speak (as my new detective friend put it) was that I had put Tim Bateman in hospital. More than that, much more in fact, so much that I was quite overcome when I heard about it. More on that later, maybe. Right now I have an appointment with my old best friend. 
First, though, I have an appointment with a werewolf fixer. 


Chapter 36
I can lift a car. Not a problem. Not only that, I can hold it above my head and throw it across a room. Thats just the beginning though. I can make things burn just with the power of my touch; I can channel so much energy into my hand, my left hand, that it becomes something like a blowtorch, a reactor, a flamethrower. I can do other things, besides, things that I dont really understand, Im not sure I even want to understand, but they are there, I will work them out. And of course, I cant be shot.
The lady who am sitting with, Sarah, is quite astounded. Shes wearing a mask, for obvious reasons. She hasnt seen this before, but I think I know whats going on. I try to explain to her the science behind the energy flowing through my body, the way that I am set up and have been modified, and the way I am sure that the werewolf gene reacted with it, which is almost certainly of course the reason that Im still here, that Im not dead. At the end of the day, though, it doesnt really matter, the why is really not important, more the what. And the what is what makes her call me Superman. Massive strength. Cant be shot. All I need is a cape and I could be a superhero, a crime fighter, if of course I had any desire to do that. Instead I can just use it for my own ends. And the only downside is that I brutally murder beautiful women. 
Superman. Caped, hooded, drugged up, superhero. I need a more original name I murmur.
I beg your pardon? her voice is sweet, and it makes me wonder if she really is beautiful, behind her mask, if she really would trigger my beauty index. 
I cant be called Superman. It should be more original and Im sure that behind her mask she gives me a warm, patronising smile as if she hears this sort of talk all day. 
Take off your mask I whisper. What has come over me? Maybe its the drugs.
Not until you take a pill 
Take it off my voice purrs, Ill control myself, we could do beautiful things together. I shudder inside, even as I say it, even as I see her hand twitch, and reach nervously to her face, shes really going to do it, what then what if I rip her apart too, and Im about to stop her, to say no, please dont when of course she doesnt of course, of course, she doesnt, and Im about to laugh when suddenly she whips it away and Im faced with her, and yes, I can remember, I can feel what Im doing, Im here and she really is beautiful with short, dark hair, and eyes that are black and a face that is so white, so pure that she takes my breath away, literally, for Im up, I can feel it this time, I can feel my hands turning into claws, and Im lunging forward and jesus it hurts oh no it hurts, please stop, whatever you are doing, please. Please. Please stop.
You see she whispers, youre out of control. 
And she puts something in my mouth, something I have to take, something I need, do I need it, really do I need it or will it kill me, what can I do, and now shes holding my arm up and Im trying to get up from the bed but for some reason I cant, shes holding my hand and stroking it and it feels good I want to get up, I do have control, I want to get up and stroke her and hold her in my arms, to touch her and to feel her and kiss her, to  gently undress her and caress her body, to make love to her slowly, quickly, painfully, to rip the folds of her skin and see the blood flow, to tear her hair out and make her scream, to rip her head of and
Let me go!!! Im shrieking, let me fucking go!
Shes standing over me like a giant, like a snake ready to uncoil and destroy me as she stands over me, towers over me, blocking out the sunlight, shes sticking a needle in my arm, in her smooth, silky voice, shes whispering to me this will make you better
But what will it do? Im crying, what will it do
The poisons entering me, burning me up, like fire through my veins, what am I, what will it do Im shrieking, Im crying, what will it do Im whispering looking at her venomous smile as her teeth break into claws, into talons, youll be back in control shes telling me, now dont worry about a thing.
[God, I feel good.  And we can dance]
Strange she sighs as I leave her bleeding on the floor, it always worked before. 
Maybe it did, though, at least she is alive. 


Chapter 37
I really dont know, Jon he mutters, I really dont know.
Look Im saying, lets have another drink. And by the way, its John, not Jon. Its not even John now, its Mark, but maybe thats a stretch too far for now. 
I hes stammering, I dont know what to say
Please, dont say anything. Just get me a drink.
This is the man that Detective Harry Simmons has set me up with. This is the man whos supposed to create my introduction back to Simon, create an opportunity in Simons diary in order for my betrayal to start. Of course I knew him, I knew everyone that Simon knew, and his shock at seeing me I think was only matched by his shock at the circumstances. Of course he didnt know that it was going to be me, he would never have agreed to see me, and in any case my name appears to have got itself onto things like the Ten Most Wanted list; high praise, indeed, unfortunately logistically challenging. My friendly detective, therefore, has set me up with a new name, new documentation, new passport, the whole works, under the name Mark. Mark Forth, to be precise. 
Its a bizarre world really. Whilst my friend here goes off to get two more drinks, I sit back in my chair to contemplate, allowing my fingers to stray beneath my shirt and feel the stretched, smooth feel of printed lycra. Just for a joke, I think at least, I had it printed with the superman motif, ready to rip off at the scene of any crime, ready to rid the city of the underworld villains and protect the weak and the helpless. I made up for a lack of motivation through an excess of desire to see, and be part of, extreme violence. Ready to practice it, I wandered out into the dusky night before this meeting and searched out the filthiest parts of the city, parts that to be honest I had no idea existed. 
I cut an imposing figure, standing on a street corner in my black coat with the collar turned up against the cold, cigarette hanging from my lips, streetlights shining against skin. I thought I would wait it out, in these degraded places there would surely be, in every alley or unmarked street, something going on, rape, or murder, or robbery, drug dealing or some other such crime against humanity, I just had to be patient and wait, and watch. The cold seeped through my leather gloves, my legs started to ache, as I watched the people wander past, mostly uninterested, very occasionally throwing me a curious glance, one little kid even smirked as he checked me out. I flicked some ash at him, which made him turn and scamper. 
My first three hours taught me just one thing, that being a superhero can be hard work, and not for the glamorous reasons of struggling with your own conscience, but just because its hard work finding crime, at least here, its not something that happens just that often. Tired, cold and annoyed, I skulked back to a bar, and of course I ordered coffee, black coffee, extra strong, no sugar, that I sipped as I sat at the bar and stared meaningfully forward. 
Difficult night? The bartender, fat, middle aged, grumpy, in a dirty white shirt, interrupted my reverie with a nod. 
Im sorry I looked up and scoped him out. 
Lost in your thoughts, mate he grinned. Hard night with the ladies?
Maybe it was the strength of the coffee after all those drugs pumped into me, I dont know. Maybe it was the frustration suddenly boiling over into something else, or maybe, probably, it was just that Im not a nice guy, but the way he winked at me, in that leery, arent we mates, dont we have something in common, way, really got to me. 
Fuck off, you fat git I replied. The barman stared at me, and the whole bar went quiet. It was magical, really. I watched the barmans face as it went from shocked to an aggressive scowl to a malicious grin, as he slowly, deliberately, put his glass down and leant his hands on the counter, as he leaned forward towards me and talked in a soft, slow whisper
So youre a wise guy, right? Think youre a player, think youre better than me, right? I could sense, behind me, the motion of heavy bodies, surrounding me, blocking my exit. The air was suddenly thick with stale aftershave, body odour and sweat from muscle building workouts. I felt myself go tense with the excitement of it all, as the barman leaned into me, so close that I had to stop myself from retching from the stench of his breath, Now feel this, you piece of shit , and suddenly there was a bar in his hand, I could see him panting with the weight of it, the sweat formed on his forehead as he pulled it back and tired muscles readied themselves for the swing, as there was a crack, as there was a blur, as I could see the bar swing forward in his pudgy hands, as I couldnt see anything except for it rushing towards my head and then the impact, then stars, then a blur and a realisation that I could still feel pain.
Shit. I was picking myself up off the grimy floor, wiping dirt and blood out of my eyes, when I felt myself being gripped from behind, my arms being yanked back and my hair grabbed. Hands were holding onto my ten thousand dollar coat and ripping it off me, till I found myself standing upright, held solid, facing the barman. I couldnt tell if it was the excitement of the situation, but his stench seemed to have got worse, seemed to be all pervading, and I couldnt do anything about it, couldnt hide or even throw up properly.
Now he breathed, holding my shirt in his pudgy hands, lets see what it takes to kill you.
Fuck you I snarled, and he laughed and spat in my face. We looked at each other like that for a second, then I laughed back, and spat back in his face. 
I never get this. He did this to me, right, so I have the right to defend myself? Some people never seem to understand this, never seem to get whats just and whats fair in life, never seem to understand that natural sense of justice, and my ex friend the bartender was, I think, like this. His face turned crimson with rage, and for a few seconds he was speechless, so I added And your coffee tastes like shit."
I think this was the final straw for him, he said some words that I cant repeat here, and nodded to his accomplices, who I could feel but still couldnt see. Hold him he snarled, and he disappeared behind his bar, to return with a knife in his left hand. Not just any knife, this was enormous, its blade shone different colours in the murky light and was curved like the moon. The handle grip was held firmly in the bartenders hand as he caressed the blade against my neck. 
Say goodbye to life he whispered
You stink I whispered back.
He slashed. Nothing happened. 
I just had the time to enjoy the stunned look on his face before I jerked my arms forward, breaking the hold of the goons behind me and brought my hands together swiftly around the bartenders head, which crushed like wet cardboard, leaving me with gunge and muck on my fingers. Slowly I turned around to face my erstwhile captors, two of them, big, bulky men, with fat rather than muscle poking out from their jeans, their dirty, stained t-shirts and worried expressions  beneath days old stubble. They both sat on the floor, silent like babies, stunned, speechless, as I walked slowly over to them. The first one, the one on the left, was wearing a grey t-shirt with the words I fuck goons! on it. I blinked in disbelief, but unfortunately it was still there when I opened my eyes; I let out a kick with my left foot, into his face, which exploded and left him headless. I watched, for a second or two, his headless body twitching before it slumped over, and then I turned to face his accomplice. We were alone in the bar now, it had cleared itself very quickly at the first sign of trouble. 
I stepped towards him. 
He was scrambling, he couldnt get up, his hands slid on the dirt, the muck, the blood on the floor. I could smell the piss and shit emanating from him over the other foul odours and waved my hand in front of my nose disdainfully as I stared at him. 
Please he said, he cried, he whimpered, in a little girls voice. 
Im sorry? I asked, leaning forward, I couldnt quite hear you.
Please, please, dont hurt me. Again, this is such a clear demonstration of how people dont get the basic principles of fairness and justice, of being accountable for the consequences of their actions. This man, this grovelling piece of nothing crawling and snivelling in front of me, was just a few minutes ago, prepared to be an accomplice to murder for no provocation. Well, a little, I admit, but nonetheless my point is clear. Now hes not prepared to accept that when the tables are turned, he may have an issue. People like this really wind me up, he really needs to get this and feel some punishment for it. 
I stepped forward menacingly and he managed to scramble up, he stepped back, his whole body trembling. Boo! I whispered and he turned and fled towards the door. 
Go! I shouted after him, but Ill find you, and Ill destroy you. I made sure he heard before he left. Of course I had no intention of going after him, but I figured him living in fear for the next few years would be a better punishment than a sudden quick death.
Alone in the now silent bar, I picked up my coat, brushed it down and put it carefully back on. I walked over to a sink behind the bar and washed the blood and much off my hands and my face. I took a bottle from the bar and poured myself a large whisky, which I drank slowly, thoughtfully as I stood and surveyed the debris. This superhero gig can be quite a laugh, I thought.
***
So now here I am, back in the bar, back with Jerry, or Jack, or whatever his name is, sitting nervously across from me, nursing his drink. Look, John he stammers.
Its Mark, actually, Mark Forth.
What?
Dont worry I sigh, taking a sip. Just get me in front of Simon, he will really really want to see me, i can guarantee that.
But, look, the last time well he trails off.
I ignore him for a little while, letting my gaze wander around the bar. Some good news, actually, some really good news, is that I do seem to be cured of my desire to brutally murder beautiful women, so whatever my friend did, it seems to have worked, I must thank her for that, I must send her a card or something, I do hope shes OK. The darkness of the bar, the darkness of the surroundings, do help though, as I turn my attention back to the stammering idiot in front of me.
Im waiting I wink. 
He gulps down his drink and swallows, rubbing his sweaty hands together and looking down. OK John, the thing is I mean, the thing is, last time, well last time that, well you know Ruth La Fleure, Ms La Fleure, our head of strategy, I dont know if you remember her, she joined
I remember her I replied smoothly.
Yes, yes sorry, of course you do, well she mentioned your name the other day, and well, the thing is, Simon, I mean Mr Hart, you know, well he just lost it, I mean he said, if anyone ever, and I mean, ever, mentions your name again, well, he said, well I dont like to think about it..."
I smiled, I think I get the picture.
So you see, John
Mark.
What?
Dont worry, you were saying."
You see, Mark, I really cant do this, I mean, you understand right?
Yes of course, I understand I nodded. But you still need to do it.


Chapter 38
The boardroom has changed. Wood panelling and desktops have been replaced by marble, theres a kind of air of overstated opulence about the place that Im not sure I like. The drinks cabinet is impressive though, theres a nifty little machine that allows you to speak the name of a cocktail into it, which is then automatically produced for you. I havent seen one of these before, and given what I need to do now, a couple of Destruction Cocktails will help to steady my nerves. 
Theyve left me alone here, now, not sure exactly how long for, but the trail of empty glasses seems to be getting longer, and I think I must be getting agitated. I am really trying to show a measure of cool here, to sit casually in one of the deep leather armchairs, glancing down at one of the many magazines about boats, or castles, or war, and act like I really dont care about who walks through the door. My hands arent as steady as they used to be, and I realise that I could really do with the bathroom. Sitting cross legged isnt nearly as cool, but I darent get up, darent leave, even though I know that the bathroom is literally the next door along, a quick two minute trip and then Ill be back, relaxed and cool again.
Im standing now, I realise my feet are a bit wobbly, maybe Ive had a little too much to drink, Im not sure, but I hold onto the boardroom table just in case, and start to make my way across to the door, keeping hold of the edge of the table as I go. The door seems to be swaying a bit, which is kind of unusual, but probably nothing to worry about. It also seems to be taking a long time, maybe Im going around the table the wrong way, Im not sure, let me try the other way, but now I cant see where I am going. Whoops, I stagger a bit and start to fall, just managing to catch myself on a chair but I seem, somehow to have poured a drink over myself. Shit, thats not going to look very good. 
Im just in the middle of removing my shirt when theres a shuffle behind me, and someone says Nice to see you too, John, but dont you think we should at least talk first?
Shes taller than I remember, her white hair has golden streaks, the diamonds encrusted in her cheeks. She looks younger, too, the wrinkles have gone and are replaced by smooth, white skin.
Its been a long time, John, her voice still has that silky smoothness that I remember.
So I try to maintain some dignity, leaning casually against the table, buttoning my shirt back up with my left hand whilst Im smoothing down my hair with my right hand, but I cant bring myself to speak, to say anything, except some half hearted stutter, but shes standing next to me now and the heat from her body is touching me as she puts her finger to my lips. 
Shes leaning forward and has her face close to my ear, when she whispers Ive missed you, I really have. I am so sorry for everything
Ruth I begin, Ruth
Good afternoon, Mr Forth and we both look up, Ruth stepping away from me quickly. I find myself staring into the eyes of Simon Hart. 
You know what, he starts saying,  moving his bulk towards me (I had never realised how fat he was before), I used to know someone who looked just like you, how strange and he bursts out laughing, reaching me, hitting me hard on the back and then Its good to see you John
My heads spinning and I think I am going to be sick.
Fancy a drink he asks, yes of course you do, have you seen our great new machine, look, all I need to do is speak into it and it produces a drink for us. Brilliant isnt it, Elena designed it for us. What can I get you, of course, I dont need to ask, its a Destruction Cocktail, isnt it, you always liked those 
And I realise that Im sitting now, facing him, another drink in front of me, Ruth at my side, and Im wondering how I can throw up without them noticing. Concentrate, thats it, concentrate on that small black fleck just beneath the collar of his shirt. 
Come on, lets toast this reunion! and he throws back his drink in one, and winks at me. I glance at Ruth, who is sitting, head slightly bowed, nursing her bright pink cocktail, and then quickly switch back to the fleck on his shirt before I fall over. 
So he starts, you really are the man we wanted to see, isnt that right, darling?
I am?
Yes, of course you are! Time for a fresh start, right? Lets put the past behind us and work together for the future. What do you reckon?
I throw up all over him, and then I feel much better.
***
Can I ask you a question I start.
In his loose linen trousers and casual white shirt he looks much better, relaxed almost. Ive lost the fuzziness in my head, for the moment. For the first time in a long time, Im drinking water. 
Lets have some rules he replies. We need some rules. Lets tell each other the truth, one question each, OK.
I shrug. Whatever you say. Can I start?
Be my guest he smiles.
OK then. Did you betray me?
Simon laughs softly. Yes, of course I betrayed you. I was surprised you hadnt worked it out. Then again, I wasnt really. Too many happy pills, or something like that. Yes, of course I betrayed you, and of course I had to. It was easy for you, all you had to do was turn up, do your brilliant things with your computers and experiments and people, and everything else would be taken care of, right. Everything, thats my department, isnt it. I sorted everything out for you, all the people, all the cash, all the funding. I sold your ideas and got us on the map. I took us from a garage outfit to the main time, I built that, I took us through all that whilst you and your friend Tim were jerking off doing all your fancy shit. Do you have any idea how hard that was, how much effort I put into that, how much personal time and commitment it took, whilst you were sunning yourselves, to even get it started. I moved mountains. I mean, Jesus, do you have any idea how hard it is to get an audience with the Chinese? To break into that market? Do you really have any idea? Its not like you just give them a call, go hey, hello my friend, lets talk about warfare? I mean, we went from nothing to being the major player, the one that everyone talked about, and that was all down to me, my friend. Not you, not Tim fucking Bateman, the bilious traitor, God have mercy on his soul. It was down to me. Do you think I was going to let some two bit lowlifes destroy that? Two good for nothing hypocrites who wanted to line their own pockets and keep their bosses happy? Some creep gets an idea that we cant let China win a few world wars. Christ. What difference does it make. Theyll find another way. At least this way we get the revenue, we get the knowledge, but no, they cant have that. Ive had to change my whole bloody business model. Jesus. 
Hes pacing around, pours us both another drink, sits on the desk and leans close to me, I can smell the whisky and the cigarettes on his breath, that sweet smell of nightly pleasures, and I sip, I can take it now, the smoothness of the whisky takes the bitter taste from my mouth and dulls my headache. What I could do for a happy pill now. 
He continues, his tone more mellow. So anyway, that was the price. Stop the nation building, or destroying. And of course, a scapegoat for the unexplained killings. There was no one else, it had to be you. I tried to give them Bateman, ironic really, wasnt it, as he was actually responsible, wasnt he? But of course they didnt want that, they wanted to hurt us, well me. So I had to give them you. I couldnt let it go, could I?
Hes looking at my face, I guess looking for some sort of acknowledgement, acceptance, understanding. What can I do, I dont really even get the meaning of those words, though I guess, to be honest, I accept his logic.
What can I say I smile. Give me a Very Happy Pill and well call it quits.
Hes laughing and claps my shoulder. Ha! Still dreaming of those, right? The day someone invents one of those, I will Anyway, my question right?
I bow my head slightly, so he asks Have you betrayed me?
Not yet I say. 
Which means youre planning to?
I sigh. I dont know yet.
Interesting, I guess. You planning to, just generally, or have you been offered a deal? Has a policeman, for instance, offered you sanctuary if you bring me in? I guess its not those vermin, at least.
Vermin?
Yes, those vermin, you know, those comedy jokers who call themselves policemen, what were their names? Carver and Moran?
But I start, theyre dead
We stare at each other for a moment. Dead? he laughs, why would you say that? I just saw Carver yesterday, still trying to extort money from me, even now hes on the run.
On the run? I ask, trying to keep my voice steady.
Yes, of course. Dont you know any of this? Theyre on the run from the police and god knows who else. Still trying to extort money from me. And with you know who after them tooAnyway, if you betray me, just do me a favour and let me know. Now, to business.
As if on cue, Ruth walks in, and winks as me whilst Simons turned away from her. 
Now Simon starts, given the recent turmoil, we have come to an understanding with CAT that gets them off our backs, but we have had, I am afraid, to revise our business strategy.
Thats right continues Ruth, seamlessly. I was able to broker a deal between the various powers
We interrupts Simon.
Excuse me? its Ruth.
We were able to broker a deal. Not you, on your own. I was absolutely involved in it and critical to making it happen.
Ruth and I glance at each other.
Well starts Ruth, all I meant was, given my contacts, and, erm, background.
As a spy Simon says, smiling.
Well, yes, as a spy, nonetheless it gave me advantages in creating an understanding with the authorities, and
Let me tell you the deal that my darling Ruth got us says Simon loudly, cutting over Ruth, and focusing his attention on me. It goes something like this, we hand over all our propriety technology to the Governing Administration, in return for, what was it, darling? Please remind me. Oh yes, that was it! nothing.
May I remind you, Ruth says, looking flustered, that we got to keep the use of the technology."
Yeah, just, and in such limited uses!
And she continues, raising her voice, I kept you out of prison!
Big deal. Ive avoided prison all my life. Once youd managed to weave your magic, dear, I had to get everyone back to the table and get us to a position where we could still function as a business. Can you imagine, what we would have
Its just because of your insane ambition! I mean, where did you get to, trying to control nations and wars! Look what you almost did!
Calm yourself, my dear Simon replies, his voice surprisingly soft, I was merely making the point that we did this together.
Ruth sighs, and I say why dont we have a drink?
Wonderful idea! exclaims Simon, and he touches a small pad by his hand. Now, back to our strategy."
Reluctantly, Ruth gets up again. As you can see, we are limited in the use of our technology (Simon smirks, Ruth ignores him), and also our potential markets, those having also been limited by the Governing Authority (Simon chuckles, Ruth ignores him), and therefore we have remodelled our business plan on a smaller, highly selective, trading group. We will provide outsourced, focused services, with specific and tangible goals, as required, to selective and carefully targeted clients, from all sectors of industry, in order to support their goal achievement in less than orthodox ways.
So? I ask
Mercenaries! shouts Simon. Were going to be mercenaries! Look, he says excitedly, we have the ability, well, almost, to construct the most lethal group of people possible, almost indestructible, with incredible strength and power. Imagine it, a small, targeted group, working for the most powerful corporations. It fits within the sad, sorry restrictions that we have and keeps our income stream. In fact, and I have to admit this, it actually improves it, given that corporations these days seem to be able to pay a lot more than government agencies
OK I nod, makes sense
Makes sense? Simon laughs, its brilliant! We have an advance order book of, well, lets say, a large amount. Look, Ill cut to the chase, I know weve had our differences, but you and I, we go back...
Like Tim I smile.
Dont says Simon, flatly. Hes staring at me, in that scary way of his, until I look away and he smiles. Look, John. We go back. I want you to be part of this. You can come back in. Forget any back door deals you may have done with people, forget wiping the slate clean, if thats what theyve offered you. You can come back in, you can have your power again, your money, your everything back. I mean, whats the point of being free if you have, well, nothing? Imagine that. You would be one of the little people. You would even have to have a job and pay taxes!
 So I say, switching my gaze between them, you want to let me back in?
Yes! they both say together. 
Thats brilliant I say, thanks.
Im not a man of words, or of feelings. I dont do very much, life seems to happen around me and push me around from one place to the next, and I allow it to, I allow myself to be swayed by its constantly changing currents; not even that, its not like I am making a choice, I dont think I have the mental strength to do anything different.  So here I am, now, back in, back where I belong. The feeling of relief that sweeps over me is something so totally unexpected, and I suddenly understand the last few days, the last few weeks, it hasnt been me, Ive had to make do, Ive had to be in strange situations with strange people and above all, I have had to think, and I have had to care, and I just cant cope with that. I think of Sharllen, I think of her head on the boot of that truck, I think of almost feeling tears, I think of Babybro and the pain, the torture, really, what for. 
Fuck you, Harry Simmons, fuck you and your police, I really dont need you, and your forgiveness, I dont need the slate wiped clean and I dont need to betray Simon because right now, I am back where I need to be, back in the arms of the people that will protect me, will give me status and comfort,  protection and security, sex and my car, and at the end of the day, what else does anyone need, really. Screw you, Harry Simmons, Im not even going to tell you, you can find out in your own way and then you wont be able to do anything about it in any case. 
I am going to do a lot of drinking to celebrate. Maybe Ruth is up for she certainly seems like she might be, if not, I wonder what Elenas up to. I wonder what my apartments like, whether my car is in the garage. Maybe we could go for a late night spin. 
Theres just one thing Simon says softly. 
Hes looking steadily at me, and Ruth is looking away. 
Just one thing? I ask. 


Chapter 39
I guess the deal may not be quite as good as I hoped. Theres one ingredient missing in their plan, and I  am the man to provide it. Thats my price. The conversation goes something like this.
Simon: You did a good Superman thing the other night
Me: What?
Simon: You know, destroying that bar. Impressive stuff.
Me: You saw that?
Simon: Yes of course, I see everything. Impressive display of strength.
Me: Err
Simon: Youve been building your muscles up?
Me: Err
Simon: You know, we found Batemans place. We found the rig, we found the capsules, everything. A couple of stray vampires, that could have been painful. But we looked through all the equipment, quite a neat little set up he had there. I had my best team go through it, take it apart, put it back together again. To be honest, it took them a long time to even figure out what it all meant, it took days piecing it all together. But eventually, there it was, it made sense. I had always wondered what had happened to the farmers wife, and there she was, a catalyst making the gateway happen. She was in a bit of a state, mind you. Elvira 10 power source, channelled through the gateway that made it, ingenious, use the power of a human soul to magnify the energy, to channel it and create the opening. That was the way it worked, right? Had to be a dark soul, though, didnt it, it had to be tainted, of course?
Me: Well
Simon: Brilliant, but Bateman couldnt fix it, could he, he needed you, didnt he, and then he sent you through there, right? How did he persuade  you, by the way, I mean, John, dont get me wrong, but youve never been the bravest of souls, if youll pardon the use of the word. How did he get you to go in there?
Me:  silent, looking down at my glass, I dont feel like celebrating quite as much right now. 
Simon: Thats what happened, though, John, isnt it, thats what happened. You went in there, didnt you, and you came out with huge strength didnt you? Thats what we need. We need our mercenaries to get that strength, and then we are completely in business.
Me: "So send them in there. The gateways still open, right?
Simon (chuckling): Yes, the gateways still open, for the moment at least, until she dies. Of course! Send them in there, thatll do it, why on earth didnt I think of that. Well thanks, John, problem solved, have a few happy pills and relax!
Ruth (sighing): Yes, we sent them in there" (quietly)  We did it enough times."
Me: And?
Ruth: And nothing. We got some muffled, unintelligible conversation after an hour, after two hours the screaming started, and then everything died. We sent in five separate people, all the best, every time it was the same. By the fifth, of course, we were using extreme threats to get them in there.
Simon: But of course it worked with you. You got in. As far as we know, youre the only one to have got in and got out again. And look what happened to you. We need all our team to be like you I mean, physically, of course, I could do without a huge batch of screw ups."
Me (shrugging): Maybe Im lucky. 
Simon: Well yes, maybe you are, maybe its your connection to the farmers wife, maybe its some protection you were given, who knows, I mean, who cares, right, that is not the point, is it. The point is that you got out, and thats why you need to go back in. You need to establish a connection that we can use.
I am turning to Ruth, to Simon, looking between them, and I realise that they actually mean it, they actually want me to go back Somewhere Else again.
Me: I need a drink
Simon: "You already have a drink
Me: Then I need a bigger one
***
OK, look, I am saying, even if I do go back in there, what difference will it make? I mean, we dont know why I survived, we dont know how the energy works, I mean, its never going to work, right. Really, Simon, look, Ive got an idea,  OK? 
Im trying not to sound desperate. You let me back in, well get the team back together, well work on it, well figure it out, and then well do it. How does that sound? Brilliant, yes, lets do that, I tell you what, Ill move back into my apartment, have an early night, then give me a call tomorrow and well start, OK?
No, John. Simon sighs.
But, why not? I mean weve cracked these things before, well do it again, lets work together on it, come on, its a great plan. Ill break my kit out, Ill
John, Simon says more firmly, we dont have time. We only have until she dies, which is a day, two days maybe. We need to do something now, we have no choice.
But what! I throw my hands up in despair. What can we do? I dont even know how I got out, what happened in there, I would have no idea what to do I trail off, seeing the look in his eyes, I know Im not going to have a choice. 
Simon knows it, too, he knows he has won and he is calmly waiting for me to accept it. Theres a tiny smile on his lips as he runs his hands through his hair, and glances at the door as someone comes in. I turn to see two people, who I dont recognise. Theyre young, serious, a man and a woman, dressed in white lab coats, both have short black hair, both wear glasses, both sit, together, at the far end of the table. 
Meet my new research team Simon smiles. 
The woman speaks, in a low, formal way. 
Mr Paris, good afternoon and she coughs. 
Would you like a drink? I ask.
Both of them look nervous, and she coughs again. No, thank you, we dont drink whilst at work. In fact she adds, we dont drink. May I please introduce myself, I am Sarah Marsk, and this is my partner, Nicholas Elstrom. He doesnt talk, Im afraid. She looks down at her papers, then back up at me. 
Mr Hart has informed us that you have kindly agreed to enter Virtual Recessionary Space, and we would like to brief you on the proposal to capture and reutilise the energy source there. I must warn you that it is very, very dangerous, and is based on our knowledge of the physics of VRS, which is extremely limited and is based only on recovered historical data. Due to the high mortality rate of exploration into this area, we have been unable to verify the legitimacy of a number of our assumptions. Therefore, before proceeding, we require you to sign this waiver form that removes any liability for your death or injury from Hart Enterprises.
She slides a sheet of paper, and a pen across to me. I glance at Simon. 
Just sign it he says, wearily.
***
Its so cold here. The blood in my veins feels like its stopped moving, frozen to the vessels, peeling slowly through to the core, I am looking at my hands and I keep expecting to see them turn red and ooze frozen droplets of blood that are trying to escape. He is here, looking at me, nursing a drink, a drink that he hasnt offered me as we sit at his broken kitchen table.
 You cant come back he whispers, they never come back
I escaped I reply, dont ask me how
You escaped, and now youre back. Why are you back?
Mark I reach forward and touch his hand, he doesnt withdraw. Instead he looks at me forlornly, with broken, blistered eyes.
Im sorry he says, very quietly, the breath leaving his mouth crystallises and falls silently to the table. I am looking at him from behind a smokescreen. I am sorry. Whenever people arrive, they always come here, and I must
I dont know where they come from. Can you tell me that, at least, where do you come from?
But I can only shake my head and reply, you need to come with me, now, please.
But theyll be here soon he says, dejectedly.
Im not going with them, this time I reply, and neither are you.
Where are we going? he asks, as we move away from the block of flats, down the snow covered passageway into the darkness beyond. Hes blowing on his hands to keep warm.
Hurry Im half walking, half running, I cant go any faster because of the cold, Im waiting for him to catch up, its taking time, I can see him struggling, Im grabbing his arm and dragging him through the snow now, to a small mound, an old barn covered by the ice and the snow, we get up to it and I pull him behind it and sink to the ground, panting in exhaustion. 
What are we doing here? he asks. Shut up I reply, and then theres a crash and a flash of light that illuminates the black sky and he says Oh! and I say shut up! whispering fiercely, and then we hear sounds, sounds of people, shouting, and his eyes open wide with fright, and I clamp my blistered, bloody hand over his mouth as he starts to scream and Im holding him down as hes fighting with me, pushing me, biting my hand and trying to force himself out, force himself upwards, urgently, his eyes pleading, his face hysterical, and I let go, just for the tiniest time, the shortest amount, but its enough and hes up, jumping up with renewed strength, trying to get away, I have my hand just on his leg now, my grips slipping as hes trying to get away, with my other hand I reach out and find something hard, I pick it up, ignoring the pain searing through me, and throw it, blind, but it works, as the force dies and I roll out the way quickly to avoid his heavy body landing on me. 
I brush the snow off me, and very carefully look round the shed, towards the buildings. People are milling around, dark figures dressed in dark uniform, flashlights beaming, it doesnt look like theyve heard anything but I need to act quickly, just in case. With my bare hands I start covering his body with snow, ignoring the pain as my blisters burst in the cold and the frozen blood stains the whiteness of the snow. Once its done I clean it up as best I can, get the blood out, then lie down next to him, and with the energy that I have left, I cover myself, taking a deep breath at the end and pushing my face deep into the snow. 
The blackness surrounds us as we wait, as I wait, lying in the silence. In the vague outline of noise outside I can hear scratching noises, and they come and go, they are far, then they are near, and in my head I am sure I can feel their heat as they stand close to us, I pray they dont stand on me. If I concentrate, I make out some words, something like the girl and disappeared.
And then they are gone and I feel a flood of relief as the silence reignites the scene. I count to one hundred, before carefully lifting my face and allowing myself to breath the air freely once more. The snow has frozen around my body and it takes a lot of force to get myself out, to free my hands and then my feet. I stand, with difficulty and feel the pain rip through my body, I want to scream as I shut my eyes and feel the tears form, tears that freeze on my lashes and my cheeks. Slowly, so slowly, the feeling starts to come back, it allows me to start to dig him out, I break the ice and push the snow away and reveal, eventually, the body underneath, frozen but still alive; with my teeth I undo my flask, I force his lips open and pour whisky down his throat. He coughs, splutters, spills most of it and then goes still again. Im about to carry on when theres a buzzing, and I realise that its my phone. 
My fingers are still numb, but I manage to prise the phone from my pocket and answer it. Hello? my lips bleed as I speak. 
John?
Who is this? I try to say. It comes out a little like Whaisdi
John, is that you? John, its Harry here, Harry Simmons. Can you talk?
Jesus, what great timing. Fuck you I say. I think he hears Fadu
What did you say? Where are you? Listen, John, its important we talk. Detective Carver is alive, apparently, but Morrells dead, and Carvers after you. I can protect you, but we need to meet. OK, its really important that we meet. This guy is dangerous. I mean, John, if youd seen it, if youd seen what Ive seen
I hang up and throw the phone into the snow. It starts to flash and vibrate, so I kick some snow over it. Cmon I say to Mark, lets go and I drag him up, and pull him, half unconscious, half stumbling, back to his flat. 
***
They took her, how could I let them take her? his voice is half choked by tears
It doesnt matter
But how could I? How could I leave with you, and leave her here? What was I doing. Why, why did they come, I didnt warn them, how did they know you were here?
Mark, Im saying, Mark, listen, we dont have a lot of time, theyll be back soon, and theyll realise you betrayed them. He looks up at me. Then theyll destroy you I whisper.
But I didnt betray them! he cries, I didnt. Who are you, anyway? What do you want with me? Just get out, leave me! Go! but the anger in his voice doesnt mean anything and he stays slumped over his table, his drink and his cigarette. 
It doesnt matter I say softly, whatever you say, it doesnt matter. Its gone, now. Look, I can and I turn and face the dying flames in fire in the corner. Is it always so cold here? I ask
Hes by my side, looking for life in the flames. You can what? Can you help get her back? Please, if theres anything that you can do, please, hes gripping my shoulder, his eyes are crying out for help.
I sigh deeply and lean my head close into his, so that our foreheads touch, I can feel his heat, he steps back suddenly and clutches his head, I see him stumble and try to hold himself upright. Very carefully, I unwrap my package, and run my hand tenderly over the smooth black surface. My hands trembling, I hold it towards the fire, and the fire dies out. The mirror shakes lightly in my hands, and I lean into it, staring into its unspeakable blackness. We look at each other, Mark and I, Mark and John, in the darkness of the night and the darkness of the room, and for a moment its like the mirror is really reflecting us, reflecting me into him, my features, the lines on my face, the blackness of my eyes, even something, really, beneath the surface, that is there, that touches me and touches him too, and I can see him, he sees it too, some level of understanding switches on in him.
Here, I whisper, this is for you and I hold out the black mirror to him. His hands reach out for it, and I know he knows whats going to happen as he takes it, but he has no choice, and even as he touches it, I can see his hands turn to dust and his eyes turn to flame, as his body dissolves through the power of some force that I dont understand, and all I hear is one last cry as finally he disappears and Im left holding the mirror, burning hot but blacker than ever, as the walls crumble and cave in and Im faced with two masked men, in militaristic uniform, pointing rifles at me.
Get me out of here I whisper, and Im gone. 
***
The ivory door shuts with a gentle click behind me as I enter the main room. They are waiting for me there, standing on either side of the stone table. Without a word, Simon motions me forward. 
They are waiting there, in white suits and dark glasses, their hands covered by surgical gloves. She gently prises the mirror from my grasp and  looks down at my bleeding hands. He takes my left hand, then my right, and with each, slowly and methodically, bathes them and covers them in white bandages, wrapping each finger individually. I thought I would feel pain, but I feel nothing as my eyes remain locked with Simons. 
Its ready she whispers, and its a welcome relief to break from Simons gaze and turn to her. Shes holding the mirror in her left hand, and he is standing next to her with a cup, or a goblet, which he holds underneath the mirror. She brings her right hand onto the mirror, and they both look at me, through their dark glasses, I can see their eyes shine brightly. I can make out a hissing sound, as steam rises from the mirror and the concentration on her face masks the pain  thats there, that comes through. Simon touches me and points at the mirror, its as if her hand is starting to dissolve, to disappear, and suddenly theres a sharp crack, like a whip, she lets out a gasp but holds herself steady as a crack slashes across the surface of the mirror and the two sides open and a thick, dense liquid appears and almost slithers across the surface of the mirror, before it drops, loudly, into the goblet. Then another drop, then another, time after time, until the goblet is full, and she is holding two separate pieces of the mirror in both her hands before she collapses and lies inert on the shiny white floor. 
There says Simon, with a satisfied smile, as he takes the goblet, that went well. Now, please, drink."
With a shock I realise he is actually talking to me, no one else, hes holding the goblet out to me and I understand that he wants me to take it and to drink it.
I I say.
But I say.
Look I say.
Please I say.
Simon just continues to fix me with his eyes, and the bitter smile on his face tells me that he wont change his mind.
Ruth I say, turning to her. Ruth, please.
She touches my arm. John, what did you expect? This is what has to be done, theres no other choice. You just need to drink this, then youre back, youre back with us, thats all. Her voice is soothing and gentle. 
But I stammer, but, what will it do what will it do to me? I thought...I thought this was what you needed, why do I have to drink it? Surely it's for them, surely that's what you need..."
it has to come through you, John. You're the conduit. Just drink it, John says Simon. you have no choice.
Of course theres  a choice, theres always a choice, I think for a second, I can say no, I can just walk away, I dont have to pour that dark liquid into me, that dark liquid that is a nightmare in itself, whatever else it is. Its still my choice, I am thinking even as my arm is rising, even as my hand reaches across and grasps the stem of the goblet, even as Simon releases it and smiles warmly as I bring it to my lips, even as I gaze into its dark secrets.
Stop! shouts a voice behind me; as if in slow motion I turn around .
How did you get in here snarls Simon.
What do you want breathes Ruth.
Hello John he smiles. 
Er, hello and it takes me a second to place the name, Mr Simmons
We had an agreement, didnt we he says; I swallow, and I can feel Simons cold eyes on me
Just drink the fucking potion snarls Simon.
How was your trip to Fadu, John? asks Harry, pleasantly.
Youre dead, Simmons Simon says, aggressively.
Just go, please says Ruth, pleadingly.
Er, Detective Simmons I start.
Detective?! splutters Simon, hes not a detective!
What? I ask, confused. 
Why on earth do you think hes a detective, John? asks Ruth, softly. 
Er, I think I should go says the man who had been holding the goblet, speaking for the first time
Shut up says Simon, not looking at him, and he shuts up. 
He told me I say, unhappily.
Yeah, well, hes told a lot of people a  lot of things. Most of them lies. He thinks that hes some kind of reactionary, some kind of revolutionary, here to save the world from the likes of me.
I stare at Simmons and he shrugs, smiling. Well, what difference does it make, really? I still wanted you to do the same thing
But Im saying, but you promised you promised me
Yes, I admit, it probably made a difference to you. I admit, youre right, I wasnt able to deliver on all my promises. But look hes holding his hands out to me, look, it was important, what I was asking you. Look, do you really want to hand over so much power to this man here, really? Do you really want to take the consequences of drinking that  he points at the goblet  for him? For what, really?
Yeah? And what do you have to offer him, exactly? shouts Simon, whats your big, grand plan?
Freedom he answers. I can show him how to do things differently. I can show him how to put his powers, and his immense knowledge and skill, to a use that wont necessarily just result in destruction around him. 
He turns to me. I mean, John, look around you. You just do what he wants, do you ever stop to question whether theres a different way, whether theres a need for all this violence that is created, that he creates, whether what you do could be put to good use? Do you really need to kill more and more people, just to get what he wants? His voice goes very soft, very slow. I can show you a different way, John. Please, just pour that away, and come with me. Look at it he urges, look at what he is asking you to drink, look into its black depths and ask yourself, do you really want this? Is it really worth it? Please, John, come with me, I can show you  a separate way, a better way.
For a second I stare at him. Fuck off, you traitorous bastard I say, and bring the goblet to my lips. 
No! shouts Simmons and jumps forward. With a flash, Simon brings a dagger out from his jacket, it flies through the air and strikes Simmons in the left shoulder, he lets out a cry of pain but keeps coming towards me. 
Drink! shouts Simon, I am staring at him but I am frozen. Simmons hands are bloody, his face in a grotesque smile as he grips the dagger and yanks it out, then brandishes in front of him, advancing towards me.
For Gods sake just drink it! Simon is screaming and still I cant do anything, I cant lift my hands, I cant move them any closer to my mouth.
Look at you! Simmons shouts at me, look at you, youre pathetic! Just do what he says, just for what? hes rubbing his bloody hands together. Why wont he drink it, have you asked yourself that, if its that easy, why wont he drink it? hes pointing at Simon with the bloody dagger.
He, er I start and then fade away. Ruth is by my side and I can feel her gripping my free hand, shes whispering to me just drink it, please John, just drink it, itll all be fine, things will be back to
Or her! he cries, give it to her, let her drink it! Give it to her, go on, its easy, go on, shes there!
I turn my head and look at her, look at her, her blond hair and beautiful eyes, I had never realised her eyes were so beautiful before, as they glisten with tears.
Theres a shout, a scream and we turn, Simon is next to Simmons now and they are fighting, Simons trying to wrestle the dagger away from him, hes struggling, Simmons is pushing him back, forcing the dagger closer to his throat, their heads are so close, they are snarling at each other like animals, Ruths hand tightens around mine as we watch, motionless, until with a huge cry Simmons pushes Simon back, he staggers and slips in the blood and falls, inches from us. He looks up in fear, he starts to whimper as Simmons stands over him, still holding the dagger, Simmons gauging his prey, ready to strike, and then itll be over, and Ruth whispers, drink it, its not too late, and Simmons looks up at us and smiles crookedly.
He drops the knife and walks forward until hes next to us, hes holding the goblet with me, his left hand placed firmly around mine, gripping it tight. He dips his bloody right hand into the goblet, into the black liquid and I can see his face contort in pain, but he carries on, he lifts his hand out, holds black fingers towards Ruth and whispers drink, go on, drink it, just drink, prove to him that you can, just drink but Ruth can only shake her head and allow tears to trickle quietly down her face.
Harry Simmons is looking back at me, his grip is hurting me, making me wince as he says you see, please, you still have a  and then he stops, he looks surprised, and he crumples to his knees, then to the floor and I see Simon standing behind him, the newly bloody dagger in his hand, which he lifts and points at me and says Drink. Drink it now. And so I drink.


Chapter 40
I would never trust him, to be honest, my friend.
No, Im agreeing, nodding my head. No, youre right.
He was a slippery bastard at the best of times. And thats when I thought he was straight. Turns out he was a double agent for years. Unbelievable, really, isnt it.
A bit like yourself I remark, nursing my drink.
Ha! Ill drink to that. We sit in silence for a while, sipping our drinks slowly. But you know he says, its not like me actually. I was just crooked, to be honest, thats very different to trying to be two things. You knew  you knew where you stood with me.
I laugh. Im not sure I did, really. Casually I flick the pill between my fingers, looking at the huge smile painted on it. 
Anyway, he says, draining his drink, thats not the point, really, is it, thats not the point at all. Is it, now? You need to tell me what you want.
I pick up the Very Happy Pill, and place it gingerly on my tongue. Promising myself that this is the last time, the first and last, I swallow it with the last of my whisky.
Well, Detective Carver, its like this. I want redemption.
Barman! shouts Detective Carver, a bottle of your best whisky for me and my friend! Then he turns back to me, slaps me on the back, and laughs. 
OK, he says, I cant pretend to even begin to understand your motives, but thats not really my concern, now is it?
I sigh and drink  a lot. Im not sure that I really understand my motives, either to be honest. The point is, though, we are together on this, right? Redemption for me, destruction for you?
Ill drink to that he nods.
***
This is still quite new, quite old. Ive been waking up in the middle of the night, in my bed, in my apartment, in a cold sweat, strange and confusing dreams that I dont understand, I dont recognise. Ive been looking across at the girl beside me, someone different every night, but the desire, the excitement isnt there. 
I showered, at three in the morning and went wandering around my vast, empty apartment. I locked the door to my bedroom so that whoever was there couldnt escape, couldnt disturb me. I stood by the enormous window, and looked out over the cityscape. I left the apartment and walked the dark streets in my nightclothes. Most people left me alone, seeing the empty look in my face and realising they werent going to get anything from it. Some would come up to me, looking for what chances they could get, and mostly I would ignore them, and if they became too interested I would just destroy them, it became easier and easier. 
During the day my only job took about ten minutes, I would have to stand in a machine in Simons new laboratory and have energy sucked out of me, ready to make another clone in his mercenary army. We didnt talk, he didnt make the effort to and I was relieved. Something about him repelled me. 
One night I found myself in a bar, somewhere unusual, somewhere I hadnt been before. It was cold and dark and almost empty, a solitary bar, staffed by a solitary barman, a small, round man with a drooping moustache and thinning hair. He wore a white t-shirt that covered his enormous belly. I remember the t-shirt well, it was old and fraying and stained with what looked like blood. 
He nodded, reluctantly, as I came in and walked slowly across the closed, empty space towards the bar. The place seemed deserted, the barman stood alone, a drink in his left hand, and he watched me as I came towards him.
Quiet night  he said.
What can I get you  he said.
You look like shit  he said.
I know you  he said.
You killed my brother  he said.
But that didnt seem to stop him, he poured me a large whisky and slid it across to the bar to me, and I drank gratefully. My lack of sleep was making my head spin all the time, making my throat thick, making my eyes splinter the dark light into ribbons. 
Thank you  he said  I hated him. He was a thug.
Thats when I heard the noise behind me, and I didnt need to look up to know it was him, as he pulled a stool up next to me and I could feel the heat from his body. He nodded to the barman, who turned away from us. 
How did you escape? I asked.
You know, he replied, touching his chin, I dont blame you. I know it wasnt your fault, I know you didnt really know what was going on there either.
I saw you die I said. I saw you. They cut your head off. I saw your eyes go out.
You know, he said, some things we just cant explain. Im not like you, though. I dont have any power. Im just me, but Im on my own.
Im sorry I said. 
I said I didnt blame you.
For the first time, I turned to look at him, and then maybe I understood a little bit more. His eyes, the eyes, were completely black, the lights hadnt come back on. I swallowed, took another sip, and then I managed to hold his gaze. I think that the tiny smile on his lips meant that he had understood. 
Im not sorry for that I replied. Im sorry, because when I saw you die, I was glad.
Youve changed, havent you? Ive changed too. I dont think that anyone who comes out of there doesnt change.
Of course Ive changed I said, I have superhuman strength.
Thats not what I mean he replied. You know thats not what I mean.
And hes right of course. Somehow, like a strangling birth theres something growing inside me, something unfamiliar and unreal, but still its there and I cant deny it. 
Like some  relief, the barman switched on music, dark, thumping beats in the background as we stared at each other for a second.
And thats where we find ourselves now, between the man, or men, or women, that betrayed us. And over a bottle of the best whisky that that dive bar offered, we agree at last. 


Chapter 41
This isnt the end, not at all, of course its not.
Me and my mate Stephen, were sitting down, outside, on a  bridge, somewhere in the city, our legs dangling over the side. From time to time I can bring myself to look over the edge and see whats below, or see how far down it is, before I have to look away. The wind is cold and hard, and we have to fight against it to stay where we are. 
This one shouts Stephen, is for Ian. My friend, my comrade. He takes the next empty bottle and hurtles it downwards. We wait, attentively, theres a scream, and Stephen yelps with joy. Direct hit!
This one I shout, is for the vampire that killed Ian  Detective Morrell, Im sorry. You have to realise that it wasnt his fault, and, lets face it, he suffered too. I drain the rest of the bottle and let it go, the we wait, and we wait. Nothing. Ha! shouts Stephen, thats 15-10 to me!
No way! Im saying, 14-12, and Ive been up all night, you fell asleep, and in face I had to rescue you from slipping off the bridge, which must at least count for two bonus points. If Im not mistaken, that makes us even.
What the hell are you doing? the ferocity of the voice behind us makes us both turn, and I just manage to catch Stephen as he slips. Two days without sleep, Im rubbing my eyes as I get to my feet to try and take in what Im seeing, some large guy in a black uniform. Stephens standing beside me, hes muttering fuck under his breath, Im not sure why.
Shaking my head I say can I help you, my good man? did that sound right, no, no, maybe not. 
Yeah, he replies, yeah, you can help me, you can put these on for a start, and then you can come with me. Suddenly there are three of them there, stepping out of the early morning mist like ghosts, theyre surrounding us and I feel something being attached to my wrists, Stephens whispering just go with it, dont resist and of course Im doing just that, my heads swimming so much that I wouldnt even know what to resist. 
The cars going too fast and were being knocked about in the back of it, Im feeling sick but I cant do anything to calm myself down, my hands are bound together with impressively mean looking handcuffs, I really want to be able to put my hands to my face and stop the shaking, being sick over the policeman next to me would just make things worse, I am sure, but Im not sure theres much I can do to stop. Ooops
I can still feel pain, though now its become dull, edgy, something around the side of my consciousness. The third time, now, that I pick myself up from the floor and wipe the blood from my face, not my blood, but that of the policeman, rage in his face and his voice and he cant do anything to make me stay down. Im wiping the sweat from my eyes and checking him out, hes a comical site, stripped down to his underwear, white baggy y-fronts and a string vest that just covers his huge belly, his sick stained clothes lying next to him, nothing else to change into. Hes pulling his fists back up to start again, his bloody and broken hands from where hes tried to break me but he cant. And I know its going to make things worse, but that scowl and that look just make me start laughing, and as he snarls his threats to me I know that they are empty and so I just laugh some more until the door slides open silently and someone else walks in. 
This is someone more serious, I can tell straight away, and underwear man pulls himself upright, with some effort, and wipes his bloody hands on his vest. The man, tall and lean, looks at underwear man with a look of undisguised disgust, and says get out of here in a low, direct voice.
Yes, yes of course sir mumbles underwear man, hurriedly pulling his uniform back on, smearing sick on his hands and face, giving me one last, mean look before he disappears.
The new man turns to face me, sitting at one of the chairs. Get up he says. 
I quite like it down here. 
He shrugs, and says I was going to offer you a drink.
Im up quickly and were sitting at the white table, sipping whisky. Again. 
He stares at me, I notice the blueness of his eyes, deathly pale. So he muses, Im surprised how well you look, after your little sojourn with Tommy there.
His name was Tommy? 
You look surprised?
Well, I say, he just didnt look like a Tommy. Can I have another drink, please?
Of course, he smiles, and pours me a very large drink. Im Detective Martin Noals. He offers me a cigarette, too, which I take gratefully.
As I start to smoke, I ask is police brutality back in fashion, then, Detective Noals?
He sighs. Well, you did provoke him, you have to admit. I mean, his uniform was ruined.
What can I say?
He laughs. Anyway, lets get to the point. You and your friend are in quite a lot of trouble.
You have no idea and I laugh. 
He pauses for a second.  I mean, he says, with us. Youre in trouble with us.
Really? I ask, bemused.
Really. That little game that you played, throwing bottles onto the street below, caused quite a lot of mayhem. Quite serious mayhem, in fact. I really think his eyes are getting paler as hes talking to me.
Whoops I smile, sorry about that.
Hes not smiling though. Two people are dead his face is deadly serious and I really think he means it. And now I really feel something that I wasnt expecting, like a pit opening in my stomach, like a feeling that something is wrong, like the world before me goes blank, no, not blank, dark, in front of me for  a second, like Im looking into a tunnel and I cant see the exit, and its like the world is shivering and crying. But the really shocking thing is that its not me, its not for me that I feel this, but I feel bad about the fact that something has happened to someone else. Im really sure its that, and I dont really know how to handle it. 
Shit my voice comes out low and drawn. Sorry. I cant, suddenly, bring myself to look at him. Im about to pick up my glass and drain my whisky, then I put it down again, the thought of its taste makes me sick. I stub out my cigarette.
Youre going to jail he whispers, you know that.
I dont look up.
Youre going to spend the rest of your life in jail.
Can I make a phone call? I ask.
***
Get  yourself together.  Ring ring. Come on, its happened, theres nothing you can do. Ring ring. Why are you worried, youve never cared before. Ring. Come on, pull yourself together, theres
Yes
Simon?
A pause. John. What do you want?
Im in a police station.
Im listening.
I murdered someone by accident.
Theres another pause, Im not sure but I think I hear a slight chuckle on the other end of the phone. 
Anyone important?
I swallow. I dont think so.
OK. Wait there, dont say anything. Martin will be with you. Where are you?
I have no idea.
OK. Well find out. And he hangs up. 
I hand the phone back to Detective Noals. He looks at me grimly. Well?
Well I sigh, Ive got a lawyer coming.
I see. Will he be representing your friend as well?
I consider this for a second. Yes I reply. And then I say No, no he wont. Detective Noals walks out, without another word, leaving me alone with my unfinished glass, unfinished bottle and half smoked cigarette. And, of course, my thoughts. 
Theres a knock on the door a few minutes later. I get up  as Martin Jenkins, our lawyer, enters the room, and reaches across to shake my hand. He sits opposite me. May I? he asks, I smile, and he gratefully picks up the packet and starts smoking. 
I admire his thin, sharp features, perfect, really for a lawyer, in his designer suit, Max Freud I think, black as night, like his eyes and his personality. He leans over to me and talks through a cloud of smoke. Its all sorted, John, they understand, its not a problem.
You mean? I ask.
Yes, of course he smiles, youre free to go. What else did you expect? He lets the question linger in the air for a second before getting up, snappily and smartly and says Come on, lets go.
As we walk towards the door, he touches my arm lightly. I have to warn you, they are not happy.
Who? I ask. 
The police Martin replies, in a tone that suggests what an idiotic question. 
Why? I ask.
He stops me and looks deep in my eyes. John, youre responsible for the murder of two people and youre just walking out, even though they have complete proof, enough to convict you without even breaking a sweat. I tell you, Id be seething if it were me.
I find myself sniffing. I dont want to go to jail I say. 
Dont worry, youre not going to jail.
But I start. 
But what, John? hes talking slowly, patiently, as if to a slow child. Maybe thats what I am, slow, slow and spoilt. 
Well, its just, look I want to make it up to them. I didnt mean it for this to happen.
He doesnt say anything for a while. OK, John, listen to me  carefully. You and I are walking out of here. Well walk through that door, through the corridors, and out of the front onto the street. Well get into my chauffeur driven car and drive back to your apartment. Then, if you want and feel its important, well talk through if theres anything we can do for the victims. Almost certainly not, I would say, as it will potentially open us up for civil action where we are not protected and are not willing to sustain the risk. You understand me. Its either that or you walk back to that desk, sit down and wait until youre put in jail for the next forty years. You choose, OK?
I understand I reply slowly. Ill come with you. Fortunately, my redemption hasnt gone too far. 
Good man he smiles. Lets go.
Theres just one more thing I venture. 
 Go on he says, wearily. 
I was here with Stephen
Hell have to fend for himself. No question. You already told them that, I understand. Well done.
Oh well, Stephen, at least I tried. 
***
As we were walking through the white, featureless corridor of the police station, a door slid silently open just in front of us and someone slipped out. Detective Martin Noals, facing us, those eyes boring into me. To my credit, I looked away, I looked down, but he yanked my face up to his as we reached him, and spat into it. 


Chapter 42
Another  day, another cocktail, another bar though this one is somehow familiar like some dj vu, like some dodgy dream. Martin comes back from the bar with something new in his hands, I dont get what it is, but hes wearing a huge grin when he sits down. 
OK, listen he says, this is sweet.
Oh for goodness sake I reply.
Excuse me?
Well I didnt order something sweet. I hate sweet things. Send it back and get something not sweet.
No, John, you misunderstand me...
It isnt sweet?
Erm, well, no, but, but listen, John, thats not what Im talking about. Im not talking about the fucking cocktail, for gods sake man, concentrate, this is a big fucking deal. He talks like a young hotshot lawyer, with a swagger to his speech and lots of swearing thrown in. Well, who can blame him, hes probably the best paid lawyer in the country. 
Listen, John, just listen for a change, OK, please. That cop, that guy, whats his name, Noals
The guy who spat in my face?
Thats the one. Now listen, we are sorted, we have threatened to sue him, it has gone all the way up, my friend. We are talking police brutality here, and it just wont do. I mean, it really wont do. You know, you hear about it all the time, this sort of stuff going on, to be honest I didnt really believe it up till now, but there it is, I saw it with my own eyes, unbelievable really wasnt it. He thought, I mean, in this day and age, he thought that he could get away with something like that? Its quite outrageous really. I mean, for fucks sake, the man is clearly out of control, and he needs to pay, I mean, he really needs to pay. Wouldnt you agree?
Well, I sip my cocktail, to be honest
Exactly. So heres whats happened. We have talked to the boss, and I mean the boss, you know who I mean of course, and he is quite keen, you know, of course, to avoid scandal, especially after what happened last year. He went ape, I mean really, you havent seen anything like it, he was taking no prisoners, he was straight on there and straight into the office, with fuckface Noals and his boss and I tell you, I hear this second hand of course, but I have a very reliable source, I tell you, when Noals came out he was ashen. I mean ashen, my friend, like youve never seen, he just walked back to his office, packed his bags and he was gone. Hes out. No pay off, no pension, nothing, and hell be lucky if he doesnt go to jail. I tell you Mark, I mean John, I tell you, this is excellent, this sends out such a clear message. Do not mess with us. I mean, its there. Its out there now. And Noals is paying. Cheers he finishes, raising his glass. 
I shake my head, close my eyes and drink.
 And then its dark outside and Martins gone and Im alone at the table, staring into my glass. I raise my hand for another drink, then lower it, self consciously, when I realise no ones coming, or maybe its that I dont actually want a drink, somewhere along the line I forgot which one. I reach into the pocket of my 3 day old jacket, and remove a small brown envelope, with the word Mark on the front and a smiley face next to it. My last happy pill, I havent touched it for five, maybe six days, Ive allowed it to lay there, like temptation, like something that draws you in, and yet leave it alone. Every night I take this envelope carefully out of my jacket, and lay it by the side of my bed, just as night falls. I tell myself that if I wake up and the night is screaming at me, its there to be had. But every night I do wake up, I see the night, and it does scream my name, but I cant do anything about it, I fall into the arms of Sasha, or Sarah, or I get up and walk through the streets. Here it is still, like my line in the sand between that, and this, and I cant help thinking that that was better. 
I inhale my cigarette deeply and look into the smoke. 
Hello stranger, may I join you.
I look up and can make out Ruths hazy outline through the smoke, I nod at her slowly.
I say: Im occupying a small corner of my consciousness.
She says: What are you talking about, John?
I say: Light and dark seem to keep switching.
She says: John, you look grey. I am worried about you.
I say: I cant sleep. Im not sleeping. Everything has become blurred.
She says: Whats the matter, John, why are you like this? I miss you, but I dont know how to talk to you.
I say: Im sorry I hit you.
She says: You didnt hit me. You didnt even talk to me. I wait for you when you come to the lab every day, I stand in the shadows so that Simon cant see the look on my face, and I wait for you. But you just glide past and youre gone. I shout out to you and you dont reply.
I say: I let them down and I need to make amends.
She says: Who did you let down, John? You didnt let me down, you dont need to worry, IIm sorry, John, I really am. I wish we could go back. We could just go, you and I, we could just leave, we could
I say: Stephens in jail because of me. And now Martin he was right to spit at me, I deserved it.
She doesnt say anything. She puts her hands over mine and strokes them gently. Without a word the barman puts a full bottle of whisky next to us and leaves. I allow the cigarette to drop from my mouth. 
Eventually she says: So? What do we do?
I say: I need to make amends. I need to get Stephen out, and make it up to Martin.
She says: Please, John, just leave it.
But I cant. I have to do this. I have to put my fire out.
She sighs and wipes away tears. Ok then,  she whispers, this woman can help you and she hands me a card. It reads 
 999-5142
I think youll remember her. Shes a freelance now. Please, John, promise me but she trails off and shes gone, leaving me alone with my number and my escapes.
***
Sowhat a pleasant surprise. She steps back and allows me to enter her substantial house. I glance round admiringly as we walk through a long hallway, white wood panelling adorned by seemingly abstract pictures, colours and flames that remind me of death. 
Last time, she starts, last time we met, you departed very suddenly.
Last time we met, I was someone different.
She raises her eyebrows, so, what youre telling me, youre not John Paris anymore.
Im not sleeping I say. I cant remember the last time I had a good nights sleep. I wake up in the middle of the night and Im there, Im just there, I cant do anything except lie and wait and hope. Then I give up, then I get up, then I wander around the streets because I dont know what else to do.
And? 
And when you dont sleep, things start to change. Things get blurred around the edges. Something that was clear yesterday, its not clear today. Its too hard to keep the image in your head, to know exactly what it is you mean, exactly what it is you want. Im a simple guy, I want the same things that most other people want, except now they have started to go blurry, and Im not sure I want them anymore. And I dont understand this dark curtain than lies behind me, that has something behind it that changes the shapes that are in front of you, makes them somehow different.
You dont sound like John Paris.
Im not John Paris. Im someone else who sees John Paris from behind the curtain.
And youre someone else, because you dont sleep? Forgive me, but Im struggling to understand this.
No, Im not saying that, not exactly. I used to be able to let go, and I cant anymore. I used to be able to do what I want, and I cant anymore. I used to be able to not care, and I cant anymore. Not sleeping just sharpens it, and blurs it at the same time. It changes the focus.
So, she says slowly, shaking her head, youre here because? I thought you were after a merc, not a fucking social worker.
I laugh. Sometimes I get desperate. I have always been used to having things under control. Even though Ive not controlled things, it hasnt mattered, whats mattered is that I had this buffer, this thing that said it doesnt really matter if someone dies, or something goes wrong, as long as of course its not me. Ive been able to do what I want.
Like I said
Last night I slept with Ruth.
Good for you.
Probably for the last time.
Shame on you.
I hadnt slept all night. I lost control. I was lying in a  bedroom, in my apartment I think, naked, and I was hitting the floor as hard as I could. I was so desperate, I didnt know what to do, I hit the floor, I hit my face I hit my head until it started to bleed. She came into the room, she found me there somehow and she lifted me gently up and held me, lay with me for hours. I was actually crying, crying into her shoulder and lay with me and made it better.
Im sorry, she sighs, I dont mean to appear rude, but why are you telling me this?
I dont remember anyone ever doing that for me before. I dont remember that sort of kindness.
She gets up. Im getting a drink. If I have to listen to this bullshit I may as well get drunk.
I grab her wrist and prevent her from going. Im not asking for your understanding. Im asking for your help.  Theres someone, this man, in prison
She sits down and nods, Yeah, Stephen Carver, right? I dont understand why you want him out but thats your business. I can get him out, no problem.
You understand
What?
You understand why I cant do it right?
What, you mean seeing as you cant be shot, youre immune from prosecution and from what I am told you have superhuman strength? Thats what you mean, right. Well then, no, I dont understand, I have no fucking idea, but then again John, you know what, so long as you pay me, I dont really care either."


Chapter 43
I get a phone call. Its done.
I feel sick when I eat I reply. 
A thank you would be nice comes the sarcastic reply.
Thank you, Jane I breath. Any problems I should know about?
Not getting him out, she replies, but he wants to talk to you. Click. And shes gone.


Chapter 44
I dont go out anymore, in the evenings, in the night. The blurriness has got closer, every night, it takes more of my vision, its closing in, and it becomes harder and harder to distinguish whats real. I stopped going out about a week ago, or maybe a month, when I found myself, as usual, in a bar. I didnt remember a lot of what had happened, maybe I had slept, who knows, Im not sure, but I saw what was around me. 
So I suppose I should say thank you.
Look, Stephen, it was a tough situation.
Yeah, good point, thats true, it was tough. Tough for me, at least. I dont recall you having to fend off the prisoners, the guards, everyone coming at you from all directions.
I shake my head. I did what I could, I got you out, didnt I?
Yeah, thats true, I guess, you got me out. You didnt stop me going in, did you, even though you walked away. I saw you, you know. I saw you in the corridor as you were leaving. You didnt even look round, you didnt even say anything or do anything.
Stephen, I lean forward, Stephen, listen, I got you out as quickly as I could. They told me there was nothing I could do, but I found a way, I got you out, listen, I could have left you, but I got you out, didnt I. Stephen, I touch his shoulder, I am really sorry, but I
Yeah, yeah, yeah he says dismissively, you got me out. Where are we, anyway?
I look around. Ive no idea, I thought you brought me here.
Im sorry?
You brought me here, right, we travelled in your car, didnt we? I dont know why we didnt stay in my apartment.
I didnt bring you here, we met here, remember? I came in that door, and you had just, well, you had just. You know, I dont know, you need to get control of your super powers. Are you all right?
Things suddenly feel wrong, I am sweating and I have to wipe my brow.
Youve gone very pale, say Stephen.
I dont know I mutter, Im tired, I havent been sleeping, I cant..."
You cant what asks Stephen, as it suddenly goes very cold.
Im shaking my head, Why are we here?
Stephen looks around, hugging himself against the cold. I just wanted you to hear what I had to say, John. I just wanted you to understand. Why is it so cold?
Understand what?
Did you kill all these people? he asks. Silently we both survey the room, the bloody mess around us. I dont know, I answer truthfully. 
But maybe you did?
I sigh. Yes, maybe I did. I dont remember what happened before you started talking. Things have just got so blurred.
Stephen comes over to sit next to me on the cracked wooden bench. Hes leaning into me for warmth, though I dont think he realises it. Look,  he says, I am grateful. I understand it was difficult. But we need to carry on now, you cant just let it go. If anything, you must realise what a bastard Simon is now, mustnt you. But Jane told me she told me youd speak to me once, then that was it. Why, John? We had a deal, we had a deal to pay back those people who betrayed us.
Its just too hard I reply. Whatever I do, it just seems to go wrong. And everything has become so blurred. Why is it so cold?
This may help says another voice and without warning hes there, standing between us. 
Detective Martin Noals hands me a glass, something warm and dark inside, and I sip gratefully and I feel something rising within me. 
What are you doing here asks Stephen. Martin glances at him then looks into me, and smiles. Ask him he says, but I can just stare silently, as I feel cold, then warm, almost uncontrollably, I dont know what I drank but suddenly its like I cant breathe, its like my insides are on fire and I reach out to Stephen, but he pushes himself back away from me, his eyes widening, as Martin laughs. 
Youre dying, my friend he whispers.
No Im not, I reply hoarsely as I force myself to get up and walk over to him. I can feel my body healing, I can feel the fire subsiding as I lay my arms on his shoulders. I dont blame you I say.
Hes shaking his head. I dont understand.
No, of course you dont, says Stephen, but you see, the thing is, he cant die. 
Martin doesnt say anything, he pushes me down onto the bench and sits next to me. We are all just sitting there, in silence, for a while, amongst the blood and the stench of the bodies. Gently I put my arm around Martins shoulder. Im sorry I say. He doesnt reply, but I can hear the soft noise of him sobbing, he leans into me and closes his eyes. 
Its not fair, right? nods Stephen glumly. 
Through sniffs and sobs, Martin starts to talk. You deserve this, he says, you destroyed my life. Why, why is it so unfair?
Listen, my friend, says Stephen, hes destroyed a lot of peoples lives. You should just be grateful he said sorry to you. Most people he did it just because he could.
Its not like that I start, and then I stop, because I know it is like that.
You have to claim it back, John, you can set this right. Its not too late, for you, for me.
I know that, Im saying, I know that. I need to stop this, I need to do something different, but Stephen, Ive been trying, I really have. Look, I rescued you, didnt I, I never would have done that before. And look, Im going to
What are you going to do for me? its Martin who speaks, his voice still choked with sobs, his tears frozen to his cheeks. I thought, I thought, the one thing, the only thing. The one thing I could do was to pay you back, that was it. Now look at me, just look at me, what do I have left? Im out of the force, my wife has left me, my kids dont want to know me. Were losing the house, the car, Ive lost my computer and my phone. I dont have anywhere to stay, anywhere to live, and its all your fault! he cries, his sobs louder than ever. What are you going to do for me?
The man has a point nods Stephen, it is all your fault. What are you going to do for him?
I could make you invincible I shrug, that may be a start
Martin stops sniffing and looks at me. You could do that?
No problem I reply, shaking my head, Ive got everything set up.
And what will it mean?
Well, er I start, youd be, er very strong.
Would it get me back in the police?
Well, erm, not, well, necessarily, but
Ah, stop it Martin shouts Stephen, its a great idea. I know, lets get out of this hellhole and go and have a drink to celebrate!
Martin sighs. I havent got any money.
Yeah, but John has, hes loaded.
***
Look Stephens saying, you still need to get him. Hes using you, I mean think, think what you could do with your powers, you could be anything, and yet all you do is allow him to feed from you. You were so keen, you really wanted to destroy him, dont you remember.
The thing is I drink deep from my glass, the thing is, well things have got
Yeah, yeah, I know, things have got blurred, right. The outer edges dont look like the inside.
Yes, yes, thats right! Its like, its like
What the fuck are you talking about asks Martin. Hes on his fourth drink, I dont know, Ive lost track of what theyre ordering, but hes looking rough. The dour, defeated face has gone and now theres something almost wild about his features, his looks, his expression. 
It doesnt matter I say.
Oh, but it does! says Stephen. This man he says to Martin, putting his arms around me, this man is a genius, a prototype, something special, he really is. Hes invincible to bullets, he has superhuman strength, he is rich beyond your wildest dreams, he has slept with scores of beautiful women, and his car oh, you should see his car.
Come to think of it, I havent seen my car for a while I muse.
And yet! shouts Stephen, loudly enough that some people around us turn, curiously to watch, and yet, he still holds himself hostage to his, what shall I say, his boss, his friend? No, I dont think so, his, well, his captor, I guess is the best way to put it, he still does whatever hes told by him, when, you know what? He could just rip his heart out, if he wanted to. That is, if Simon had a heart, which, despite his name, I consider to be very unlikely.
You could do so much sighs Martin, shaking his head. You could end the war.
I thought the war had already ended? I say. Martin nods, but Stephen stares at me then starts laughing. Thats great, isnt it! You dont even know that the war has started again, do you? Bands of mercenaries destabilising the disputed regions and causing severe international tensions? You didnt know that, you really didnt did you?
Oh fuck I say under my breath. 
But Stephens laughing harder, and Martin starts to join in, and then I think, what the hell and take a huge drink, and start laughing too. We are all laughing, so much, there are tears on our cheeks and people are staring. You see says Simon during laughs, youve got a real excuse to kill him now, havent you!
But first! shouts Martin, first I want to have my special powers! You promised me!
Youre right! I agree, and I get up off my stool and stand up, then I realise I cant stand and so I fall over. I pull myself up and sit, cross legged on the dark floor of the bar. Youre right I continue, lets go, lets go right now and make you invincible. Then you can take over the world, cant you.
Yes he says, and he gets up off his stool and falls over, pulling himself up and sitting beside me, yes, and then I can take control of this godforsaken world and put it to rights!
And says Stephen, who doesnt fall over, but sits down next to us in a show of solidarity, then we can all go and live happily ever after. Except for me of course, he adds, because Im already dead.
Really? asks Martin, fascinated, swinging to him and inadvertently throwing his drink over me. You look very well for it.
Really acknowledges Stephen, just look into my eyes.
Excuse me says a deep, gruff voice, but you cant sit there.
We all look up at the towering figure of a barman standing over us. He stares at me and says, Hey, you? I recognise you! Didnt you kill my brother?
Oh no, I sigh. 
Time to go says Stephen. 
***
Its very, very dark in the laboratory. 
***
"Kill him" whispers Stephen. "Kill him" whispers Martin. "See you in another life" they both say, together, before they're gone.
***
So youre serious Simon looks deep into my eyes in his challenging, disconcerting way. Youre serious, if I understand.
You betrayed me again I reply. 
Betrayed you how exactly? Look around you.
Everyone is quiet. Everyone is staring at me. People are clear and sharp in silhouette.
Youve controlled me all the time, Simon. All the time. Everything was always fuzzy, hard to see and hard to understand, but I get it now. You used me, you exploited me and you destroyed people
Whoa, whoa, my friend, stop there Simon is actually smiling. 
Ruth gets up suddenly and leaves, she brushes past me and touches my arm with her hand, it gives me a little warmth. The clients, one by one, like lambs, stand and follow, shuffling in their strange way until the last of them has gone, until its just Simon and me in that vast boardroom.
Look at me he says, quietly. You and I can argue for a long time as to whether I used you or not, whether I fed you happy pills to dull your self awareness, or whether you took them because you didnt want to face up to it. It doesnt matter, John, it really doesnt. I dont know what happened to you, why you are starting to question, but let me just ask you, what is it that you actually want?
Silently, I regard him. I know what I want. 
Is it world peace, John? Because whatever you do, whatever we do, you wont find it here. Are you worried about the little kiddies? About them not having enough to eat, or not knowing who their parents are? All right, well give lots of money to the little kiddies. You do it, you set up a little kiddie fund and well take care of it, there, done, OK? Because lets face it, all you care about, all anyone really cares about, is what sort of house you live in and what sort of car you drive. And last I remembered, youre doing pretty well on both. When you really boil it down, John, thats all its about, thats all anyone wants, to live in a bigger house and drive a bigger car. And when you help those little kiddies, thats all theyll want, theyll want to kick you out of your house and steal your car, because its nicer than theirs, and the fact that you helped them, the fact that youve poured your cash into getting them out of their orphanages and poverty stricken villages and broken homes, you know what, it counts for nothing. Look at your mate, Stephen Carver, former detective, the guy you went to such lengths to break out of jail. Yes, of course I know about that, he smiles, looking at the surprised look on my face. 
Whats happened to him, then, wheres he been since, you havent seen him, have you? No of course not, because hes back, trying to extort money from me again. You know why, dont you? No,  he laughs, you probably dont, you were probably too busy soaking up your freedom to notice. You look, you study the video footage when he walked back into your apartment, afterwards, you can see the greed crawl onto him, eat up his face, when he remembered where you live compared to his little shitty hidey hole. Even him, your comrade in arms, though to be honest it was so obvious I cant believe even you fell for it. This is the hierarchy of needs, written for the modern generation. Forget self actualisation. No ones interested, no one cares really, if you get down to it. No, the hierarchy nowadays, its just got four steps. First, food, then shelter, then money, then power. And to be honest, almost everyone stops at three. And whats wrong with that?
Good question. Whats wrong with that?
The end 

Until theres something more. Who knows when. But it will be on Smashwords.
