Six from Greeley
A short story collection by

2nd Edition, Published by
Janda Books on Smashwords

Ettas Gold
~*~
The Scout
~*~
The Partner
~*~
Sex and the Big Six
~*~
Oberon Pratt and the Paradise Posse
~*~
Greeleys Finest
~*~
Resurrection Blues

All stories copyright 2011 by Josh Langston

Town cover and interior art
Copyright 2011 by Slava Gerj/Shutterstock.com

Cover photo
Copyright 2011 by Thrashem/Shutterstock.com

Smashwords Edition License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.

These are works of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

~*~
Welcome to Greeley, Texas

(Somewhere in time...)



Nearly everyone has an image of a wild west town locked in their heads. Maybe it came from the movies, or television, or one of the countless western yarns spun in books and magazines. Maybe it evolved from a tale heard around a campfire. Thats Greeley. So, in a sense, this should be a welcome home.
The stories in this collection take place at different moments during the 100-plus year history of this elusive desert village. Approximations of those dates are provided at the beginning of each tale.
Enjoy!

--Josh Langston
 
~*~

Etta's Gold
(Circa 1864)


Nate Trumbell absently tossed a hard, grey, cowhide-wrapped ball from one hand to the other as he sat alone at a table in the only two-story building in Greeley, Texas. Dubbed the Spread Eagle, the building housed a saloon on the ground floor and rooms above. Nate ordered a bourbon when he came in, and the barman seemed concerned that hed only consumed half of it over the course of two hours.
You gonna get anything else to drink, or just sit there and toss that danged ball all day?
Nate pursed his lips as if the question deserved great thought, then shook his head. Wont need nuther til I finish this one.
The barman swept his hand through the air and grabbed the ball. What the hell is this?
Its a base ball, Nate said, leaning back in his chair.
Whats it for?
Nate smiled. Hed suffered similar interrogations while traveling to Texas, an odyssey which began on a Civil War battlefield in Pennsylvania. Its used in a game called town ball. I-- I used to play.
Never heard of it, the barman said. I kin see why you quit.
I quit because some damn Yankee shot my leg off, Nate said. After nearly three years, the memory remained fresh. And raw.
No offense meant, the barman added.
None taken, Nate said. Im gettin used to life with one leg. Not that I have much choice.
The barman returned the ball. You come to see Ettas gold?
Nate glanced at the stairway to the upper floor. Professional ladies arent my style.
Naw, the bartender said with a chuckle. Shes no shake, and she sure dont work upstairs. Shes got a place where the stage coaches used to stop for the night. He leaned closer and spoke in a conspiratorial tone. The stage line didnt want their customers exposed to the folks around here. Reckon we werent dignified enough.
I dont care how classy her parlor is--
Shes not in that line o work, the bartender explained. What Etta has to offer is more like a boardin house -- a good meal, and a nice room is all. But shes got some kinda gold nugget that folks around here keep talking about.
Nope, Nate said. Still not interested.
Well, if youre just lookin to find a game of-- Whatd ya call it?
Town ball.
Yeah. Well, I dont believe anyone hereabout plays.
Nuthin to it, Nate said. Rules are simple. And maybe, once Im done with the job I set for myself, therell be time to see about organizing a game.
Whatever you say. You sure I cant git you something else to drink?
Later, maybe. Right now Im tryin to find the man who stole my horse.
The barman shook his head vigorously. I aint the law, son. Truth is, nobody round here much cares about legal niceties. Used to see a Ranger from time to time, but they got busted up when Texas quit the Union.
Dont matter, Nate said. Havent had much luck with lawmen myself. Anyway, this is... personal.
You know the man?
By reputation.
Aint much to go on.
Oh, Ive got his name, too, Nate said. You dont steal a horse like he stole without turnin some heads along the way. Folks talk. I listen.
The barman frowned, clearly puzzled.
Nate said, My horse, Mystic, was sired by Lexington.
And, thats good?
Lexington is the fastest horse that ever raced. He holds the record for a 4-mile track. Hes blind now, doesnt race anymore. But, see, heres the thing -- Mystiks faster.
The bartender backed away, laughing. I know as much about horse racing as I do about town ball.

~*~

Jed Hooper heard about Etta's gold from Bessie Brown, a horizontal entrepreneur in the frontier town of Greeley. Having exhausted his funds on cheap whiskey and expensive cards, Jed nursed a brain-cleaving hangover and contemplated his exit from Bessie's boudoir above the Spread Eagle. The room had but one window, which overlooked the town's only street, and a door in front of which lounged the unpaid lady.
I know what yer thinkin', Bessie said.
Jed squinted at her. The sun seemed unusually bright, as if heaven wanted in. Bessie, on the other hand, looked a great deal less angelic than she had the previous evening.
Yer plannin' to sneak outta here without payin' me. She swept a Colt Army revolver from behind her back. The bore of the .45 looked big enough to swallow him, but he refused to be rattled. He'd faced guns before. Most recently at Gettysburg.
That's my gun.
Not if you don't pay me what I'm due. She pulled the hammer back. The resulting clicks seemed unnaturally loud.
You'd shoot a fella over a couple dollars?
She smiled. And not give it a second thought.
The woman's armed and unwavering stance reminded Jed of the rebels he'd faced during his abbreviated career in the Union army. What had begun as a glorious mission to put down an insurrection had gone horribly wrong, and instead of marching to victory, his unit fled for their lives. Jed had helped himself to the horse and baggage of a rebel dispatch rider who'd taken a Minie ball. With a mount and provisions, Jed headed west and didn't stop until he neared the New Mexico Territory. Almost three years later, he was still there.
Just lemme get my trousers. I've got some money in there somewhere.
No, you don't, Bessie said. I already looked.
In my saddle bag, then. It's gotta be--
Yer stone broke, Ned.
It's Jed.
She frowned. The initials on yer watch and razor are 'NT.' What's the 'T' stand for?
Hell if I know, he said. I won 'em at poker.
She laughed. That's rich. I saw you play. Whoever lost to you must've been blind and stupid. She paused for a moment. Or dead. Aw, hell. Did you rob a dead man?
Jed groaned as he rolled off the mattress, his head aching as if he'd used it to pound nails. I didn't kill nobody. He stood and looked for his pants. How bout you keep my comb and we call it even?
Ive got a comb.
Well, then. How bout--
Listen, she said, I dont care if you steal from the dead. I dont care if you did the killin. I ain't lookin' for a killer anyhow. What I need is a thief. If youve got some backbone, you might be my huckleberry. You kin work off what ya owe me.
I'll get yer damned money, he said, bristling. It jus' might take a while.
And you jus' might take off and never come back. Wouldn't be the first time.
Jed rocked from one foot to the other. Seems ya got me up a tree. Can we square this after I find the necessary?
Fair 'nuff, she said, stepping away from the door. It's out back.
When he bent to get his pants she waved the gun in his face. They'll be here when you git back. We kin talk about what I need done over breakfast.

~*~

Nate thought he saw his man, Jed Hooper, crossing the street with one of the doxies from the Spread Eagle. He watched from his spot in the towns only cafe while he updated the journal hed been keeping since his hunt for the horse thief began.
The couple entered then ordered coffee and a platter of biscuits which Jed tore into while the woman talked. The place seemed crowded despite the late hour. The woman, whom Jed called Bessie, stole a glance at Nate before scanning the rest of the patrons. Most every male in Greeley looked thin, bearded and broke, just like Nate. He settled in to listen, confident she wouldnt give him another thought.
Bessie told Jed the story of Etta Munger and her legendary gold nugget. Jed listened intently. Nate worked hard to stifle his smile when Jed realized Bessie had a gun snuggled up against his crotch.
According to Bessie, Etta lived in what amounted to a hotel several miles from town. Buford Munger, Etta's husband, built the place with money provided by the Dupree Overland Express Company, a stage line. Since Buford disdained town life, and the stage line needed a safe alternative to Greeley where their passengers could dine and rest, the arrangement worked well. Munger's Station prospered, but not because of Mr. Munger. Once it opened, he went in search of gold, scouring the ridge framing the endless plains surrounding their little piece of paradise. Etta ran the station.
A few years later, Buford died, and two months after that, owing mostly to Mr. Lincoln's war, the stage line went broke. Despite these setbacks, Etta survived reasonably well. She got the station, the land around it, and the only gold nugget Buford ever found.
Roughly the size of the late Mr. Munger's ponderous nose, and shaped like an armadillo, the lump of congealed yellow metal sat on a shelf in the curio cabinet opposite the sideboard in Etta's dining room. Once discovered, the nugget became a popular topic of conversation, and not just for station patrons. Bessie, obviously, had given it a great deal of thought.
In her opinion, the demise of the Dupree Line had no effect on the allure of the legendary nugget. It drew visitors from all over. Though folks typically arrived on horseback, the occasional wagon train would alter course so well-heeled settlers could get a peek at the rock and take advantage of Etta's modestly priced hospitality.
Bessie, evidently, had more in mind than just looking at it. She needed someone to see to it that once she grabbed it, nobody else could take it from her until she cashed it in.
Who's guardin' it? he asked.
Nobody, far as I kin tell.
That's amazin'--
Stupid is more like it, Bessie said.
--amazin' that it's still there.
Bessie smiled. Well, yeah, but not for much longer.
The tart and the trail hand struck a deal and shook on it. If they hustled, they could reach Munger Station well before dark. And so, thought Nate, could he.

~*~

Etta fed Plato the same things she served herself, and her guests. He ate in the dining room, too. His dish, however, sat on the floor.
Nothing about the dog, except possibly his name, struck anyone as special. A mix of several breeds (with a possible sprinkling of non-canine species tossed in for good measure), Plato held a position of authority in Etta's domain. Though he wore no outward sign of his status, those who stayed with Etta for any length of time knew she considered Plato more than simply a dog.
Though he entered the Munger's world as just another stray, Plato's role evolved into one of importance. Named in honor of the ancient Greek observer of man and nature, the dog's primary job was to keep track of the nugget. This he managed with relative ease. Having grown up in the prospector's shadow, Plato developed an intense loyalty to the man. Indeed, no one -- including Etta -- grieved for Buford more.
Without his dear companion, Plato pined for anything which bore even a hint of Buford's scent. And, since the man rarely let go of the nugget once he'd found it, the gold carried a whiff of its late owner that even some humans claimed they could detect. Hence, Plato would sprawl on the floor in front of the curio for hours, gazing up at it. That Buford never put in an appearance didn't seem to matter.
 With the passing of the stage line, Etta could no longer schedule guests. They came and went according to their own timetable. She adopted the rule that anyone who showed up before three in the afternoon would be provided for at dinner. Later arrivals were still welcome to spend the night, but they'd go to bed hungry unless they brought their own provisions.
Bessie and Jed arrived without fanfare. She drove a rented buggy; he sat atop a huge bay mare. Once shed gotten over the magnificence of the horse, Etta's next thought was that the saddle didn't match the rider. The former had obvious value despite considerable wear and would undoubtedly clean up well. She gave Bessie a short eye then directed them to the stable where they could turn their horses over to the ranch hand.
Once you've seen to your animals, join me in the house. I'm expectin' a crowd this evening, but we've got plenty of beds. Hope you like chicken n' dumplin's.
Jed tipped his hat and led the horses to the barn. When he returned, he found Bessie and Etta sitting on the porch. Etta looked at him and shook her head. I believe you've brought as much of the trail in with you as you left outside. I don't do laundry, but a hot bath would only set you back a dime.
Jed appeared pained. Sounds wonderful, he said, but my wallets a bit light.
Etta pursed her lips and pondered his condition. If you're willin' to do a little work, I could overlook the cost of your meal.
What kinda work?
Diggin', she said. 
Diggin' what, exactly?
The hole for my new outhouse. Doesn't need to be real wide, but it's gotta be plenty deep.
I dunno....
Chicken n dumplins. And gravy. She stretched out each syllable.
Jed rubbed his jaw. That's a heap o' diggin'.
And a bath. I'll throw that in, too. Lord knows, you need one. 
Bessie dug an elbow into Jed's ribs.
Sounds fair, he said.
Etta chuckled, then added in a conspiratorial tone, My husband prospected all around these parts, but the only time he found anything was when he dug the hole for our first outhouse. We're on our fifth or sixth now, and it's nearly full.
On hearing this historical tidbit, Jed's attitude improved. Etta gave him a shovel and aimed him in the right direction. I'll come get you in time for you to wash up before we eat. She paused, then added, Dig hard, and I'll throw in one of Buford's shirts. Won't look like much, but it'll be clean.
Much obliged, Jed said, marching down the well-worn path to the necessary.

~*~

The crowd Etta expected numbered seven, including herself, Bessie and Jed. Of the others, one worked for Etta. Two of the remaining three guests -- Irishmen by way of Ohio -- chatted amiably as they ate. The final diner, a thin, bearded man with a wooden leg, said little and ate less. Even when the conversation turned to Etta's famed gold nugget, the man said nothing though thoughts of any other topic seemed to have disappeared for everyone else. 
You ever bring it down off that shelf? Jed asked. Every eye of every diner focused on the gaudy stone.
There's not much to look at, Etta said. Sideways it looks sorta like an armadillo. Ugly, really.
Bessie leaned toward her hostess. Kin I hold it?
Etta glanced at the dog stretched out in front of the curio. That's probably not a good idea. Plato gets upset whenever anyone goes near it. We'd best leave it where it is. She stood and began clearing plates from the table. I'd planned to bake something for dessert, but I need to save the flour for tomorrow mornin's hotcakes.
The diners stood in a chorus of scraping chairs.
One last thing, Etta said. In case somebody wants to get an early start tomorrow, you'll need to wake me up so I can unlock the stable. There've been reports of horse thieves in the area, and I wouldn't want to take any chances with your stock. Thats the price we pay for livin so close to Greeley. She smiled benevolently. So, I'll see you at breakfast.
Everyone but Etta retired to the parlor and listened to the two Irishmen argue the finer points of potato farming. The man with the wooden leg thumped out to the porch for a smoke. Soon, they all turned in for the night.
Jed waited in his room until he felt sure the other guests were asleep, then he crept down the hall to Bessies room and rapped lightly on the door. She welcomed him in.
That damned dog worries me, he said when they were safely alone.
Bessie waved off his objection. Theres nothin' to fear.
Why not?
'Cause I poured half a bottle of whiskey in his food, and he licked up every drop. He'll sleep like a corpse.
And how'll I get to the horses with the barn sealed six ways from Sunday?
Bessie's grin lit up the dark room. There ain't a lock on Earth I can't open with a hair pin and a little bit of time. She patted his arm. You jes' grab the nugget and meet me on the porch 'round midnight.
How'm I gonna know when it's midnight? he asked. You gonna gimme back my watch?
You mean NT's watch, don't ya?
Whatever.
She handed him the shiny timepiece. That's a fancy for sure. It's got the same engravin' as on the razor, the comb, and a tobacco tin. Ol' NT musta been rich.
Jed bristled. Find anything else of mine you like?
You're the one owes me, she said. How you settle yer debts is up to you.
You got quite a mouth for a trollop.
She smiled sweetly, and when she did, she looked remarkably like Etta. I prefer 'soiled dove.' Not that it matters. The world ain't always a pretty place for a pretty face.
Midnight then, Jed said, checking the watch. He slipped his arm around her bare shoulders and gave her a hug. I know a great way to pass the time while we're waitin'.
You do? She slid her hand down his shirt front and beyond his belt buckle. Oh, my. What have we here? I believe I've located another gold nugget, only much, much bigger. How's about I trade ya for the tobacco tin?
Jed pulled away. That thing's solid silver!
She shrugged and showed him the door. Lemme know if it keeps ya warm at night.
Jed stood alone in the hall for several long moments before he entered his room and went to bed.

~*~

Midnight came and went with no sign of Bessie. Jed sat on the front porch stoop and waited for what seemed an eternity, but she didn't show.
Earlier, when he passed through the dining room and took the gold nugget, the dog didnt move. Concerned that Bessie might have killed him, Jed gave the animal a tentative poke. Plato exhaled a lip blubbering response, then fell back asleep. It became the only thing Jed found worth smiling about.
To his surprise, the nugget weighed more than anticipated, but he shrugged off the difference to his excitement, which faded rapidly as his wait in the darkness grew. What was Bessie up to? He had no idea how to pick a lock. How would he get to his horse? What if the barn caught fire? That last thought didn't sit well at all. Nobody burned down a barn. Leastwise, not with stock in it.
Finally, Jed stood and stretched. He hefted the gold crusted stone in his palm, sighed, and went back inside. The dog hadn't moved and didn't react when Jed reached over him to put Etta's gold back where he'd found it.
"Thanks for nothin'," he muttered to the missing harlot while taking a last look at the dining room, the gold, and the slumbering guard dog.

~*~

Neither of the Irishmen joined the company for breakfast. Etta explained they'd left around dawn. She had gone with them while they saddled their mounts, thanked her for her hospitality, and headed further west.
Jed helped himself to hotcakes and coffee, then let his gaze drift toward the curio, fully expecting to see the nugget where he'd left it.
But it wasn't there.
Stranger still, no one else seemed to have noticed. Bessie hadn't said two words to him since she sidled into the dining room, yawning and stretching, her hair mussed as if she'd spent the night working.
Etta appeared as prim and proper as usual. Her ranch hand, she explained, had gone to town for supplies, which left only the one-legged man. Had Bessie spent the night with him, or the hired help? Not that it mattered. Jed's plans, loosely formed as they were, had evaporated the night before. He reached down to pet the dog sitting beside him. He couldn't help but notice the animal's soulful eyes.
"Care for some of my special syrup on those hotcakes?" Etta asked.
"No, thank you," Jed said. "I'll stick with butter."
"Don't be silly!" Etta bustled around the table with a tiny porcelain pitcher in hand. She leaned close to his ear and whispered, "I don't offer this to just anyone."
Her breath on his neck had the same effect as Bessie's hand on his thigh, and it took all his concentration not to let it show. "I wouldn't want to be disrespectful," he said, gesturing toward his plate. "Pour it on."
Etta did. The dark brown syrup flowed slowly from the little pot. It pooled briefly in the center of his hotcakes, then swept over the edges and puddled on his plate.
Jed had never tasted anything so sweet. Though he tried to rein in his hunger, the hotcakes and coffee went down fast and smooth. He sat back in his chair with a contented burp, for which he apologized. "I'm just not used to grub this good." He patted his stomach, only mildly surprised to feel a sudden build-up of gas.
The others continued to eat, but Etta didn't offer her syrup to them. Instead, she carried the little porcelain jug back out to the kitchen.
"I've got a busy day ahead," she announced when everyone had finished eating. "So, if you don't mind, I'd like to settle accounts." She addressed Bessie and the one-legged man. "That'll be fifty cents from each of you." Then she nodded at Jed. You owe me a quarter.
Bessie and the peg-leg surrendered the requisite coins. When Jed came up empty handed, Etta frowned.
"I uh-- Maybe we can work something out, he said. Im a little short--"
Suddenly his gut twisted as violently as if he'd been run over by a freight wagon.
"You all right?" Etta asked.
Jed put both hands on his stomach. "No, ma'am, I don't believe so." He stumbled through the building and then staggered toward the outhouse.

~*~

Bessie dabbed her lips with a hankie she pulled from the bodice of her dress. "Won't be long now."
Etta scowled and cut her eyes toward the kitchen. The man with one leg ignored them, sipped his coffee, and updated the open journal beside his plate. He used a silver pen which he dipped in a tiny bottle of black ink.
"What?" Bessie asked, but received only another silent admonition.
When Etta left the room, Bessie followed her. Neither realized the one-legged man followed too, at a discreet distance. Though awkward, Nate moved in silence. He stopped at the kitchen's entrance, leaned out of sight against the wall, and eavesdropped.
"You can't go runnin' off at the mouth when we've still got company," Etta said, her voice a harsh whisper.
"Well, pardon me fer livin'," Bessie said. "Just 'cause I wasn't born quite as smart as you don't make you the boss. Like Ma said, I'll just have to settle for bein' prettier."
Etta's retort amounted to the slamming of kitchen utensils. "I need water to clean the dishes, Bess. Bucket's by the door."
"Git it yerself," Bessie said.
"I was up early fixin' breakfast. What's wrong with you? Tired from workin' all night?"
Bessie growled. "I didn't--"
"I run a respectable place," Etta said. "I'm crazy to let a tramp like you hang around."
"If it weren't for me, you wouldn't even have this place. Besides, we made a deal."
"Some deal," Etta muttered. "I get to take care of this hell hole while you live the life of leisure in a fancy hotel."
"Oh, yeah, its fancy all right -- cheap booze downstairs, cheap sex upstairs. Nothin' says leisure like screwin' trail bums."
"I wouldn't know."
"Leastwise, when a gent leaves my place, he's smilin'."
"I s'pose that's somethin' to be proud of."
"When they crawl outta here, they're dyin'. They just don't know it."
"Damn it, Bess -- keep your voice down!"
"Dyou lose any sleep over the men you've poisoned?" Bessie asked, more taunt than question.
Nate figured he'd heard enough and worked his way through the parlor to the outdoors. Though sorely inconvenienced by the loss of his leg, he'd grown accustomed to walking on his wooden appendage. He limped down the well-worn path and around the house to the privy.
The span of two shovel handles separated the outhouse from the hole Jed had worked on, and from the smell, Nate knew it wouldn't be long before the little shack got moved again.
Jed sprawled inside with his swollen tongue protruding from his open mouth. Flies had already come to investigate the freshly dead thief. Working past the stench emanating from below, Nate relieved the corpse of both gun and gun belt. He didn't bother with anything else. When he exited the little building, Bessie and Etta stood outside waiting for him. Etta cradled a shotgun in the crook of her arm with both barrels pointed at his midsection.
"Mornin' ladies," he said.
Neither woman smiled. Bessie nodded at the rig on his shoulder. "That's my hog leg and holster you've got there."
"Oh? That's odd, 'cause the Colt's got my initials engraved in it, and this holster appears to have been made for it."
"Who are you?" Etta asked. "And where's my damn gold? Did you take it off that lowlife in the shitter?"
"Is that who took it?"
Etta snickered. "Why else would I have killed him?"
"I dunno. Maybe to steal his horse?" He paused to strap the gun belt around his waist. "I couldn't help but notice that despite all the livestock you've got, no two horses have the same brand."
Etta cocked both hammers and gave Bessie a little shove. "Go. See if my nugget's on the stiff."
As Bessie pinched her nostrils and entered the outhouse, Etta's guest shifted his weight to his real leg. "What made you suspect Jed?" he asked.
"If somebody's stupid enough to take the rock, Plato will just sit close to 'em and stare. I knew who took it even before I looked to see if it was gone."
"Smart dog. Or maybe he was attracted by the scent of your husbands shirt. Jed hadnt worn it very long. Dogs can be funny that way."
"Whats Jed got to do with you? How d'you even know his name?"
"I've been chasin' that sumbitch for three years. He stole my horse and everything I had with me."
Bessie emerged from the shed and exhaled, forcefully. When once again composed, she addressed Nate. "Yer initials are NT?"
"Yesm. Im Nate Trumbull, the third." He bowed his head. "The fancy stuff belonged to my grandfather. He knew a silversmith up in Boston, and had it all made special. It's been in the family for years, so I couldn't just let some Yankee deserter run off with it."
"That's a real tear squeezer," Bessie said. "'Specially since you wont be keepin any of it. Yer gonna end up right next to Jed in the hole under the outhouse."
That explains how they got filled up so fast, he said. Pretty clever.
Bessie looked at Etta. "Jed didn't have the gold."
Etta raised the shotgun even with Trumbulls chest.
"Well, I don't have it either," he said. "I saw it earlier, right where it belonged. It was about the time you took those Irish spud wranglers out to the barn. Any fool could see their horses weren't worth stealin', and since the gold was still in the house, you didn't even bother to take your scattergun."
Etta jabbed the weapon at him. "You're lyin'!"
"I remember it distinctly, 'cause that's when I unloaded it."
She pulled a trigger which merely clicked. She did the same with the second trigger and got the same result.
"Not a trustin' soul, I see," Nate said, drawing his Colt and holding it by his side.
Bessie sneered at him. "Now, I suppose yer gonna try and take advantage of us. Well, I wouldnt if I was you. Theres plenty of fight left in both of us."
"Actually, he said, I'm just gonna saddle up the big bay Jed rode in on, and take my leave. Her names Mystic, by the way. I raised her from a foal."
Etta glowered at him. "Youre leavin, just like that? With my gold?"
"I'll let you discuss that with Plato," he said, pointing briefly with the handgun.
The dog had taken up a position slightly behind and to one side of Bessie. He sat at full alert, staring straight at her.

~End~

The Scout
(Circa 1876)


Landon Albright couldnt take any more. Hed managed the Greeley Monarchs since shortly after General Grant became President, and no player had ever given him more headaches. He leveled his gravel textured voice at the huge young baseballer. Ive had it with you, Dunnegan. Yer done. Grab yer gear and git!
The rest of the Greeley Monarchs sat quietly on the home bench in Trumbell Field, trying to look as if they were somewhere else.
Having been in trouble so many times before, Dunnegan didnt appear concerned. Listen, Coach, I--
Leave the bat. You may be the only one around here big enough to swing the damn thing, but it belongs to the team, not you.
I kin explain.
Oh, Im sure you can. Mustve been a half dozen gamblers in town who made out nicely on account of you. Just cuz Greeley has a bad reputation doesnt mean we all cheat.
But--
Dya see anybody else on that bench whod sell out his own team? Not one of em would even think of flubbin a catch on purpose. But you? Hell, youd sell out your mother if the price was right.
The big ballplayer bristled. Im the best hitter you got.
Youre the best hitter I had, Albright said. As of now, you aint shit.
How bout all them runs I got against Oneida? Or last week, over in Beaker Flats?
None of that matters anymore. Yer nuthin but trouble, Red, and Ive got all o that I need. Albright crossed his arms and waited for the muscle-bound redhead to leave the dusty field.
Yer makin a mistake, Coach, Dunnegan said. I--
Git outta here, son, before somebody takes a notion to soften yer brain with lead.

~*~

Red Dunnegan sat at the bar in the Spread Eagle, one of the older drinking establishments in Greeley. An empty beer mug rested on the scared pine surface in front of him. He stared at it with glassy eyes for a moment before pushing it toward the barman. Nuther, he said.
Sure thing, kid. Soon as you pay for the last three.
Dunnegan tried to fix his eyes on the man, but the rooms constant motion made it difficult. Dint I pay you awready?
For the first three, yeah, the barman said. I just dont want you to get too far ahead of yourself.
Whats the matter, honey? asked a heavily made up hooker as she sidled alongside the tipsy ballplayer.
Nuthin, he said, then belched.
She fanned the air in front of her face. Charming.
Sorry, Rosie. I jus need-- need to sign with nuther team.
I thought you were the Monarchs main attraction. She traced the bulging muscles in his upper arm with her index finger.
Gotta move on, he said. I kin do better.
I bet Beaker Flats would kill to sign you up.
He shook his head. Albright told em I cheat. They wont even talk to me now.
You cheat? So what? Doesnt everybody?
Dunnegan wagged a ponderous finger. Not at baseball.
You gonna pay me? the barman asked.
Dunnegan stood, searched his pockets, and came up empty. Im good for it, aint I?
The barman reached under the counter and produced a sawed off shotgun. I dont know what youre good for. Throwin ball games is bout all, I spect.
Dunnegan slowly lowered himself back down on his bar stool.
Here now, said a man dressed in tweeds and a bowler hat. Cant you see the lads in a bit of distress? He dumped a handful of change on the bar to settle the debt.
Whore you? Rosie asked.
Names Walter Feeney, and Ive been looking for this young fella for quite some time.
Dunnegan managed to get both eyes focused on the newcomer. Me?
Feeney patted him on the shoulder. Yes, indeed. We have a lot to talk about.
The hooker hovered protectively. He aint in any condition to--
Whatre you, his mother?
She glared at him.
Feeney shrugged. Well, youre old enough.
Rosie glanced briefly at the barmans shotgun then appeared to change her mind. What dyou want? she asked.
I want to talk to Mr. Dunnegan here. He helped the younger man to his feet. In private.
She brushed up against him. Thats not really a good idea.
Whys that?
Cause he listens to me, thats why. Red and me, we got a-- a special relationship.
Well then, Feeney said, I guess you both need to come along with me.

~*~

Days later, Walter Feeney relaxed on the train, only too happy to be returning to New York. His trip had been more successful than hed hoped. Not only had he cornered the big, redheaded hitter from the Texas hinterlands, hed gotten him away from the backwater gamblers who almost ruined his value for everyone.
The woman seated next to him smiled as she took a long pull from his flask. Youre lookin pretty smug, she said.
And with good reason. Feeney beamed. Not only will I enjoy your company all the way back home, Ive got something to show for my efforts.
Rosie gave him a dubious look. Thats my kid yer talkin about. Ive known him forever. Much as Id like to tell you hes innocent, he aint.
Feeney smiled. Could life get any better?
The Monarchs dumped him for throwin a game, she said, but just between you and me, it sure as Hell wasnt his first.
Is that right?
I just dont understand why you had to send him to the Montana Territory, of all places.
You said he could ride, didnt you? Feeney asked.
Well of course. He practically grew up on horseback.
And he can shoot?
She looked annoyed. Hell yes he can shoot. Who cant?
Then hell do fine in the cavalry, as long as he follows orders. And, Feeney added, I have it on the best authority, the orders wont be too difficult.
But, why Montana? Why not somewhere in Texas? Weve got Indians to fight, too.
True, but I only have connections with one fort, and its in Montana, Feeney said. There are limits to what a man can do. 
I still dont understand why he has to go there at all.
Think of it as laundry, he said.
Huh?
I got him a short term enlistment. Hell only have to serve a couple months, and then hell hop on a train bound for New York.
The look on Rosies heavily rouged face told him she still didnt understand.
Its simple, really. My man in the Department of the Army is taking care of the paperwork. Corporal Dunnegan wont be in uniform long enough to establish any kind of records.
So?
So hell leave Montana as an army veteran. Nobodys going to know he played ball in a nothin town like Greeley, Texas.
She nodded, but the effort lacked conviction.
By the time he arrives in New York, Ill have made him a hero. Hell be able to make or break any game he plays in. Well make a killing!
We? she asked.
The kid listens to you, Rosie. Youre his mother--
Please! She glanced around the train car, but no one else displayed any interest in their conversation.
Youve only got his best interests at heart, right?
I guess, she said. Thinkin back on it, hes not such a bad kid.
You dont really believe that, do you?
After a moments reflection, she smiled. Nah. Hes just as rotten as we are.
Feeney kissed her on the cheek.

~*~

W.H. Cammeyer unfolded his New York Tribune with its frantic centennial headlines and laid it on his desk. It wasn't the hundred years since the Declaration of Independence that was on his mind. It was the hundred or so days since he linked his Mutuals of Brooklyn with seven other teams to create the National League of Professional Base Ball Clubs. Nothing had gone well since, and every game day brought a new headache over players or money, usually both.
Cammeyer looked up at the travel stained gambler standing in front of him. "All right, Feeney, tell me about this Dunnegan kid." 
"You'll love him," the gambler said. "He's playing on an Army team somewhere in Montana, but he musters out next month. Ive seen him, and he's tops--the bloom on the rose. Never takes a swing that doesn't connect." He chuckled. "He's cost his team a fortune in lost balls."
"A big hitter?"
"The biggest. He makes Cap Anson look like a schoolboy."
"Nobody could do that, 'cept maybe Moses, but he didn't play first base."
Feeney flashed a wide smile. "Dunnegan does, and that ain't all. He's got a mouth on him, too. The way he rattles an umpire or a bowler--"
"We call 'em 'pitchers' nowadays."
"Whatever," Feeney said. "Crowds love it when he rags the opposition."
"What's in it for you if I sign him?"
The gambler shrank back as if to avoid the rebound of his own words. "A simple finder's fee."
Cammeyer frowned. "That's all?"
"Sign him, and the Mutuals can't lose!"
"Except the games you pay him to throw, right? I know how you operate."
Feeney laughed. "When did you start caring about the rubes?"
"Your kind will destroy the game one day," Cammeyer said. "Mark my words."
"I ain't worried, but you should be. When the other owners see this kid play, there'll be a stampede to sign him. I thought I'd give you first crack."
"How thoughtful."
"With this new League of yours, everyone wants good players, but ya can't steal 'em from other teams anymore. If you don't want Dunnegan, the Atlantics will, provided Hartford doesn't get him first. I can sell this kid without even leaving town."
Cammeyer exhaled. He hated being conned, but he hated the thought of losing a bargain even more. "What'll it cost me?"
"Five hundred for me, and train fare for the kid."
"What if he doesn't show?"
"He'll show. He lives for baseball."
"You'll guarantee it?"
Feeney nodded.
"And if he's no good?"
The gambler splayed his fingers and shrugged. "We've all gotta take chances once in a while." He removed an envelope from his breast pocket and dropped it on Cammeyer's desk. "The address is on here."
Cammeyer copied it in the margin of the newspaper. "'E' Company, 7th Cavalry. You sure that's right?"
"Absolutely."
Cammeyer briefly scrutinized an article on the front page, then folded the newspaper and eased back in his chair. "What'll you give me if he doesn't show?"
Feeney laughed. "Make it a grand -- you'll double your money."
"Plus the train fare?"
"You don't want much, do you?" He shrugged. "All right."
Cammeyer extended his hand. "Then it's a deal."
"You won't regret it."
"I'm sure I won't," he said, unfolding his newspaper. "By the way, have you seen the headlines?"
Feeney grunted. "I don't have time for that stuff."
"Perhaps you should take the time. You might pick up something." Cammeyer rattled the front page and turned it toward the gambler. "Why, just today I learned about a place in Montana called the Little Big Horn, and a man named George Armstrong Custer.
He spread the paper out where Feeney could see it more easily. I believe you owe me some money."

~End~

The Partner
(Circa 1903)


Few people really knew Penelope. Those who did might have described her family tree as being heavy on border collies and civil engineers. Duncan Dumont, with whom she shared a tiny shack that hid the entrance to a gold mine, never discussed it. Nor did Penelope, of course. Dogs cant talk. 
Dogs can do lots of other things, however, and Penelope managed more than most. She did so much for Duncan that he considered her a full partner in the mine. But she didnt care about that. Penelope lived for the old miner who took her in as a pup and raised her more like a daughter than a dog.
The team of two seemed to coordinate their underground efforts by telepathic means. Penelope just knew what Duncan needed, and often supplied things -- water, small tools, dynamite -- before he called for them. If a lantern failed, she would lead him topside through the dark. If a tunnel didnt seem well supported, she wouldnt rest until Duncan fixed it.
Unfortunately, their made-in-Heaven match ran afoul of a trio straight from hell. Three riders appeared at their door as the miners consumed the last of a gritty lunch.
Easy, Pen, Duncan said. The dog had grown increasingly agitated long before her human partner picked up on the cause. Theyre just some fellas lookin for water or directions or whatnot. No need to fret.
Penelope disagreed and when Duncan opened the door for the new arrivals, she refused to surrender the gap between them and the miner.
Dont pay her no mind, Duncan said. She just gets a little edgy round strangers. Now, what can I do for ya?
You kin start by lowerin that scattergun, said the tallest of the three men. Clearly the oldest, he also appeared to be the leader of the little band.
Surely you can understand. Livin alone out here, Duncan observed, one tends to be a might cautious. Where you boys from?
Greeley, said the most heavily bearded member of the band. He kept his hand on a revolver stuck loosely in his trousers and said nothing else. Their leader gave him a dark look suggesting he maintain that silence.
Weve decided to do a little prospectin ourselves, the first man said, removing his wide-brimmed hat. The action revealed a forehead that had seen a good bit of dirt but not much sunlight.
I staked this claim a long time ago, Duncan said. Ive been workin it for years.
Find anything? asked the third member of the group, obviously the youngest.
Their leader scowled. Shut yer trap, Henry. You know better than to ask somethin like that.
Henry did not appear apologetic as he gazed around the interior of the miners humble living quarters.
Duncan refused to be rattled, nor was he about to reveal the existence of their gold. Not that it amounted to much -- a handful of nuggets in a drawstring bag. Fortunately, hed hidden it so well, theyd never find it. Ill be honest with ya, he said. This area hasnt got much goin for it. Youd do better to look further west. Theres lots of gold in the New Mexico territory. Or, so I hear. 
He went along with the prospecting fiction the visitors offered even though they looked about as much like miners as did the ladies working the brothels in Greeley. But, as no one other than Penelope showed signs of hostility, Duncan tried to be civil.
While they spoke, the three strangers had all pressed slowly forward, and though Penelope kept up a low growl, all four men ignored her.
Truth to tell, Duncan said, we havent found much.
But you keep lookin, the tall man said.
Duncan scratched his head. Yep. Kinda stupid, really. I never shoulda quit teaching. I probly oughta just load Penelope in the buckboard and go back East.
Whos Penelope? Henry asked when he finished his visual tour of the cabin.
She is, Duncan said, nodding at the dog.
The hell kinda name is that fer a dog?
Its a grand name, Duncan said. Penelope was the wife of Odysseus.
His three visitors shared blank looks.
The Greek. Namesake of the Odyssey. Penelope remained loyal to him even though he left her for 20 years.
Henry gave a snort of laughter. Yer dog looks smartern that.
Duncan shrugged. Well gentlemen, its been pleasant, but Ive gotta get back to work.
We do, too, said the trios leader as he leveled a revolver at Duncans chest. So, if youll just tell us where yer gold is, well get it and be on our way.
Duncan laughed. Give it up? If I had any, dya think Id still be livin here?
Careful with that shotgun, old man. The bearded visitor had also drawn his weapon and looked nervously from Duncan to the dog.
Duncan had little room to maneuver. Seriously, I dont--
Boom!
Finding himself suddenly on the floor, Duncan felt embarrassment rather than pain. Hed let the least imposing of the three bad men -- the runt, for Gods sake -- take advantage of him. Just as quickly, his mind shifted to Penelope. Who would take care of her? It was the last thought he ever had.

~*~

Damn it, Henry! Whatd you go and do that for? Olen Medford swiped at the kid with his hat. You couldve waited til he gave up his gold.
He wasnt gonna tell us nuthin, Henry said. He figured he was so much smartern us. Dint ya hear him jawin bout his stupid dog? Cmon! You ever heard of a Greek dog? I probly oughta shoot her, too. Shell jus starve to death otherwise.
Leave the dog alone, Olen said. Youve done enough damage already. If wed kicked her around some, the old geezer wouldve told us everything. He nodded to the bearded member of the gang. Jasper, take your brother outside and see if theres anything out there worth grabbin. The old man said somethin about a buckboard. See if hes got a horse or a pack mule.
Sure thing, Jasper said. But, why?
Cause now that yer genius brother has gone and kilt somebody, the laws gonna be on us sooner or later, and were gonna need to put some distance between us and him. He gestured at the dead miner. Damn yer eyes, Henry. I really wanted to go back to Greeley once we got our hands on the gold.
We still can, Jasper said.
I aint much interested in runnin anywhere, Henry added.
Olen put the business end of his gun in Henrys face. One more word outta you, and Ill put a hole in yer head so big, that dog can crap in it.
Why cant we just put the old man and the dog in the mine and blow em all up? Jasper walked across the room and dragged a box of dynamite from the bottom shelf of a dilapidated bookcase. Theres enough here to level Greeley.
We dont even know where the entrance to the damned mine is, Olen said.
Henry pulled aside a rug covering a hole in the cabins back wall. Its right here, he said. You still gonna shoot me?
Dont tempt me. Just grab the damn dog and throw her in. Jasper, gimme a hand with the miner.
When Henry reached for Penelope, she sank her teeth into his hand then raced out the door to freedom. Henry, busy cursing and cradling his bleeding fingers, had no hope of stopping her. He stumbled to the door and with his off hand fired several shots at the fleeing canine. None came close to the mark.
Are you through screwin around? Olen shouted when Henry finally gave up on a target hed couldnt have hit with both hands. Weve got work to do, you idjit. Soons we find the gold, or prove there aint any, we need to blow the mine. Either way, I dont wanna be here any longer than necessary.
Henry found an old shirt and wrapped it around his injured fingers. He also stumbled across some money the old miner had stashed in a drawer with a spare union suit. Olen promptly relieved him of the cash.
The three went to work and finished around dusk. They all managed to get out of the tunnel -- and the cabin --j ust before the dynamite went off. Thick clouds of smoke and dust boiled out of the open door of the shanty, which then collapsed.
Yknow, Jasper said, once the debris stopped falling, we probly oughta take the leftover dynamite with us.
Olen gave his head a shake. I dont trust that shit. Never know when its liable to go off.
I wouldnt mind blowin up somethin else, Henry said. Weve got nuthin to show for this whole trip cept a few lousy dollars. Paper money at that. I cant believe the old man didnt have some gold somewhere.
Well never know, Olen said. Cmon now, mount up. We can still make Greeley before the saloons close.

~*~
 
Despite having spent so much of her life underground, Penelope maintained a powerful sense of smell. It came in handy when working in the dark, a condition she actually found comforting. Tracking the three men, whom she thought of as hat, beard, and boom, did not, therefore, present a problem.
After foraging briefly through the ruins of her former home, she followed the three strangers to the big, noisy place where she and her human sometimes went for food. She never cared for it. Too many horses, wagons, and people. Worse still, no one paid any attention to her. But for this visit, that suited her just fine.

~*~

Safely back in Greeley, Olen and Jasper played faro with a gambler named Smilin Mike. They occupied a corner spot in a saloon called the Spread Eagle. The table afforded a good view of the rest of the room and occupied prime space near an open window. Ventilation provided an adequate trade-off for their privacy.
Henry opted out of the game, knowing his card skill -- counting skill, really -- left much to be desired. He contented himself drinking what passed for whiskey in the turn of the century tavern. Leaning back against the unvarnished pine bar, he watched as Olen and Jasper demonstrated how Smilin Mike got his name.
Tough luck, gents, the gambler said as he cleaned them both out.
Jasper looked especially annoyed. The money hed lost to the gambler had been promised to one of the working girls who circled the tables like wolves at an unsupervised lambing. Henrys plan to sample the ladys charms disappeared along with his brothers.
Maybe you need a good luck piece, Smilin Mike said. He pulled a bandana from his pocket and waved it like a pennant, an appropriate gesture since the square of cloth looked exactly like a small confederate battle flag.
If its such good luck, how come the South lost? Olen asked.
Its good luck for me, not them, Smilin Mike said. You cant imagine how many o them yokels came West and lost their asses playin cards. He squinted at them. Lady Lucks been good to me, but I wouldnt step across the street without my good luck charm.
I dont put a whole lotta stock in luck, Olen said.
I do. Smilin Mike then laid a dark, heavy, top load Smith and Wesson .44 on the table. Course, Id be a fool to rely on it completely.
Olen and Jasper took their leave and joined Henry near the bar. Good thing we paid for our room up front, Jasper said. Im done.
Me, too, said Olen. Ill see you in the mornin.
When Henry attempted to follow them upstairs, Olen halted him with a hand on his chest. We only got two beds, and Im sure as hell not sharin mine with you.
Me, either, Jasper said.
Unlike with the faro deck, Henry managed that math fast. How come I dont get to sleep in the hotel? Though he knew his voice had the unbridled tone of belligerence that came from too much cheap whiskey, too fast, he didnt care.
Olen glared at him. Cause Im the boss of this outfit, and what I say goes.
Sometimes ya win, and sometimes ya lose, added Jasper. This is yer time to lose.
Besides, continued Olen, somebodys gotta look after the horses. I saw some trees just outside of town. Camp there. I got a little money left. Ill buy ya breakfast.
The two senior members of the gang moved on before Henry could muster further argument. He left the saloon, located the horses, and somehow managed to climb onto his. The other mounts trailed behind as he skulked out of town.
The stand of trees Olen mentioned werent nearly as close to Greeley proper as he implied. They stood a good half mile from the nearest building, and while they might have once been part of an actual forest, they were outnumbered by stumps twenty to one. While such a sad commentary on man and nature might have impacted someone caring and sober, it made absolutely no impression on the whiskey sodden killer.
After staking out the horses, Henry tossed his bedroll on the ground and collapsed on top of it. Sleep came quickly.
Unfortunately, morning came quickly, too. The merciless sunshine drilled into him like the bit on a boring machine. Hed seen one once, in a Memphis railroad yard. His mouth felt like hed swallowed a sock, which was odd since he didnt own any socks.
What he needed more than anything was to find his hat and a place to relieve himself. Just about anywhere would satisfy the second requirement, but his hat had definitely disappeared.
Careful not to hit his bedroll, Henry emptied his bladder where he stood, then went in search of his well-worn Stetson. 
After a brief search he discovered what happened to his hat: a dog had it. Stranger still, it was the dead miners dog, or its twin.
Unable to recall the Greek name the old man had given the dog, Henry called to it using every substitute he could think of. None worked. The dog trotted around until she found something of interest: a gopher hole. With a last look at Henry, she dropped the hat over the hole and then pushed it in with a front paw.
Henry yelled at her, but neither threat nor curse had any effect.
Satisfied, the dog ran off in the general direction of Greeley. Henry considered trying to shoot her, but his good hand was still a mess -- worse than the day before --and his hangover wouldnt mix well with the sound of gunfire.
Knowing the suns effects would only get worse, Henry set about retrieving his hat. He walked to the spot where hed seen the dog at work, then got down on his hands and knees for a better look down the hole. It wasnt a gopher hole as he first thought, though it may have been a burrow of some kind. It expanded a good deal, just below the opening. His hat lay at the bottom.
Though the hole was deeper than he expected, his hat remained within reach. It would be a stretch, and hed be feeling around in the dark, but he knew he could grab it.
He dropped to the ground, flat, and stuck his left arm in the hole. Ignoring the rocks and scrub which bordered the narrow opening, he reached around for the familiar stiff felt.
Suddenly, something terribly sharp stabbed his hand. And then again.
Screaming, he withdrew his arm and grabbed at the rattler still digging its fangs into his wrist. The snake hung on despite Henrys frantic efforts to dislodge it. The pain in his hand grew even worse as he tried to pull the snake loose.
When it finally let go, Henry tossed the writhing death-dealer as far as he could with his good hand, the one that had merely been bitten by the miners dog. He fell backwards, suddenly feeling faint. The wound was raw and bleeding, and the flesh around it quickly began to swell.
Fear latched onto Henrys heart the way the rattler latched onto his hand. Excruciating pain only added to his woes. With both hands impaired, climbing on his horse would be impossible. His only hope was to reach town. Greeley had no doctors, but there was a Chinaman who, some claimed, could cure damn near any disease a white man was liable to catch. Henry prayed he could do something for snakebites, too.
He ran, at first. By the time hed covered half the distance to town, his vision had grown blurry and sweat dripped from every pore. Breathing had become difficult, and not simply because his tongue had started to swell. Dizzy and growing weaker with every step, Henry called out his brothers name as he collapsed in the dirt.

~*~

Olen and Jasper found Henry when they came looking for their horses. They managed to get him to the Chinaman, who worked out of a room attached to the livery stable.
The wizened Asian merely shook his head as he issued the prognosis, Too bad for him, he said. He dead soon.
Ya gotta do something, Jasper cried. Cant you suck out the poison?
The Chinaman shrugged. Too late now.
They carried Henry, unconscious but groaning, back to their makeshift camp. The last of the miners money went for food and whiskey, and the pair agreed to stay with Henry until the end. A day later, when the whiskey ran out, Olen went back into town hoping to find a way to earn some more money.
Henry lay next to a pile of cold ashes, all that remained of the previous nights campfire. Jasper had taken a short walk. Helplessness and stress over his brothers condition had worn his nerves to a nub, and while he had great faith in Olen, there were no guarantees that anyone in Greeley would give him the time of day, much less a job, or even a handout.
As he turned his steps back toward the campsite, Jasper noticed a dog digging in the ashes.
Get away from there, he shouted, despite the risk of waking his brother.
The dog ignored him, much as it had the first time, at the miners shack. Could it really be the same dog, he wondered. The stupid animal was digging in the fire pit, but Jasper wasnt close enough to determine just what it had in mind. He yelled again.
This time the dog looked up at him, briefly, then went right back to work.
Jasper hurried his steps, and closed the gap considerably before the dog backed away. When it stopped to sniff Henry, Jasper yelled some more. Finally, it took off at a lope.
Jasper checked what little remained of their supplies, but nothing seemed missing or out of place, and there was no trace of whatever the fool dog had been after. Jasper didnt give it another thought.
Henry died a short while before Olen returned. The sun hadnt even gone down.
Find any work? Jasper asked.
They need a hand over at the stable, Olen said. Its shit work and the pays no better. I hate to say this, but--
What? demanded Jasper.
I stopped by the undertakers place and had a little chat with him. Clearly uncomfortable with the task ahead, Olean hurried on. He said itd cost eight dollars and fifty cents to put Henry in the bone orchard. That includes a wooden marker.
Jasper contemplated the figure. He definitely preferred a cemetery plot over a hole in the dessert, but the price surprised him. Thats a might steep, aint it?
Caskets the biggest part of it. We could wrap him in a blanket instead, but--
He deserves a casket, Olen. Geezus. Hes my brother.
Yer right. Dont know what I was thinking.
The two sat in silence for some time before Olen stood up and strode toward his horse.
Where ya goin? Jasper asked.
To earn that eight dollars and fifty cents.
Want me to go with ya?
Naw, said Olen. You sit up with the-- with Henry. Ill be back soons I can.
Im gonna heat some beans for supper. You sure you dont wanna stick around?
You go ahead without me.
Jasper set about gathering materials for a camp fire. Before he struck a match, he wrapped Henrys blanket a little tighter around his corpse and dragged the resulting bundle several feet away from the fire pit. Then he built the fire.
He used his knife to cut the lid off the can and had just spread some of the kindling out before putting the beans on when he heard a distinctive hiss.
Dropping the beans and rising to his feet, he searched frantically for the source of the sound. Thats when the dynamite went off and sent critical parts of him in several different directions. It happened so fast, Jasper never felt a thing.

~*~

For many logical reasons, the town of Greeley had few glass windows. Those it did have, however, shook in response to the blast of Jaspers campfire.
Olen not only heard it, but felt it. He turned slowly to look at the scene hed left behind and saw only a dust cloud billowing into the air. Standing square in the middle of Greeleys main thoroughfare, Olen was quickly joined by many permanent residents, all of whom stared in disbelief at the battered trees in the distance.
After a brief, stunned silence, everyone began talking at once, and Olen couldnt think. He had little doubt that Jasper had joined his brother in the Promised Land, or the alternative. They were, in either case, reunited. What Olen couldnt get square in his head, was how it had happened.
At about that moment, a dog walked briskly up to him and deposited a well-chewed wad of red, white, and blue cloth at his feet.
Still dazed by the explosion, its portent and ramifications, Olen merely gazed down at the fabric in silence. Motionless. No one else seemed to notice. Then the dog barked.
Olen squinted. Was it the miners dog? What in the world was she doing here, in the middle of Greeley? And why had she delivered the cloth to him?
He bent down and retrieved the fabric. He spread it out on his thigh, ignoring the damp from the dogs mouth. Still befuddled by the explosion, he stared down at the infamous stars and bars of the confederacy.
You there! shouted a voice he partially recognized.
Me?
Stand where you are, you thievin bastard!
Olen looked up, surprised to see Smilin Mike advancing toward him with blood in his eyes and the ugly Smith and Wesson in his hand. Uhm, whut?
Thats my good luck charm, Smilin Mike said, pointing at the bandana.
It is?
The dog barked again. Olen swiveled his head to spot her, and came up empty until she peeked out from behind the gambler. His nerves shot completely to hell, Olen dropped his hand to his holster out of reflex, his palm on the handle of his Colt.
Smilin Mike, however, was way ahead of him and fired his .44 dead center into Olens forehead.

~*~

Little Owen Mabry, the tow-headed son of an earnest couple dispatched by an association of Southern Baptists to establish a college in west Texas, stood beside the wagon which bore all their worldly goods. The family had just reached Greeley after a difficult journey from Rome, Georgia. Ready to scout a location for the proposed college, they had stopped for much-needed supplies. 
Owen had found and quickly befriended a skinny, long-haired dog with which he lolled in the shade beneath their wagon.
Dont get too attached to that dog, Owens father said. Im sure she belongs to somebody. He glanced at Greelys rough buildings and the people who occupied them. I wouldnt want to upset anyone around here.
I cant believe we even stopped, Owens mother said. Considering what weve heard about this place.
Were nearly out of food, he said.
And howre we gonna pay for it? We cant even wire for more expense money. Theres no telegraph office. She glanced nervously about. Or much of anything else.
Have faith, Mr. Mabry said. The Lord will provide.
When the dog bolted and ran away down the mud rutted street, Owen called after her. She ignored him and disappeared behind the livery stable at the edge of town.
Mr. Mabry put a hand on his sons shoulder. Its probably just as well, Owen. We cant afford to feed ourselves much less a dog, too.
Yknow, said Mrs. Mabry, a guard dog might not be a bad idea.
Owen briefly followed their conversation, but grownups never understood the important stuff, like how boys and dogs belonged together. He couldnt explain it, but no one could convince him that God had planned it any other way.
His parents had gone into the general store to see if the shopkeeper might be willing to barter for anything they had. Eventually, all three came outside so the merchant could poke around in their belongings.
As Owen waited for the interminable bargaining to end, the skinny dog reappeared. It dodged around a mule-drawn wagon and raced between a pair of cowhands staggering from a saloon before reaching him. The dog finally collapsed next to him, panting heavily in the afternoon heat.
She had dropped something at Owens feet, but he left it there to find her some water. He grabbed a bucket from an iron hook on the side of the wagon and dipped it in a nearby trough. The water didnt look or smell very good, but Owen figured the dog wouldnt care. He was right. She nearly stuck her whole head in.
Meanwhile, Owen hefted the little drawstring bag she had brought. It felt oddly heavy, and the contents clicked softly when he jiggled them.
Whatve you got there? his mother asked.
I dunno, he said. The dog brought it. Before she could say more, Owen dumped the bag into his palm. Gold nuggets of various sizes poured out, far too many for the little boys hand. The overflow landed on the ground.
Mrs. Mabry suddenly appeared faint and leaned against the wagon. She removed her bonnet and fanned herself with it.
You all right, Ma? Owen asked.
I believe I am, she said, then bent low and whispered for him to pick up the shiny stones and put them back in the bag.
Mr. Mabry and the merchant had nearly finished their negotiations when Owens mother asked him about the dog.
The store owner shrugged. Used to belong to an old miner who worked up in the hills. He brought her in from time to time, but I heard he got himself kilt. Explosion of some kind. Anyway, the dog wandered into town a couple weeks ago. Been hangin mostly round the Eagle. He pointed at a particularly seedy, two-story saloon. Why? You interested?
I am, Owen said.
His father frowned, but Owen went on anyway. Well, I am interested.
Youd be the only one, the merchant said.
Fine, said Mrs. Mabry. Owen, kindly put the dog in the wagon and hand me whatever she dropped on the ground.
Only too eager to comply, Owen raced to do her bidding.
Have you lost your mind? an astonished Mr. Mabry asked. The last thing in the world we need is a dumb mutt!
She smiled at him. Didnt you tell me the Lord would provide?
He nodded, though the gesture lacked enthusiasm.
Well, she said, I believe he just did.

~End~

Sex and the Big Six
(Circa 1926)


The mustachioed visage of Andrew Volstead peered out from a cheap wooden frame above the speakeasys saloon-style bar. A bullet hole punctuated his left eyebrow and lent him a quizzical look. The vandalism came as no surprise in light of Volsteads role in the enforcement of prohibition and the bars occasionally well-armed clientele.
Kate Mabry, sitting at her piano, smiled whenever she looked at the over-sized photo. Because of Volstead and the other assholes who couldnt keep their noses out of everyone elses business, she had a job -- in a gin joint, true, but a job. Two jobs, really, if one also counted race car driving, which Kate sure as hell did.
Well, bless my soul if it aint Katie Mabry, said a tall, overly groomed, and slightly zozzled young man as he dropped to the piano bench and pressed his leg against hers. She slid to the far edge. He followed, his hand moving slowly toward her knee. A span of bare flesh lay exposed between the hem of her skirt and the rolled top of her stocking.
You wanna die young? she asked. Go ahead and touch my leg.
He froze, his paw hovering over her exposed thigh. What? The banks closed?
Get lost, Jep.
He stood up, laughing. You dont know what yer missin.
I pray thats true.
Its just a matter of time, yknow. His gaze flowed south from her face to her lap with a strategic pause at her chest. Youll come around.
She suddenly craved a hot bath. You familiar with eternity, Jep? Thats just a matter of time, too.
If youre gonna play Mrs. Grundy ya oughta cover up those stilts.
The barman made a face at her. He paid her to play music, not piss off the trade. Ive got work to do, she said.
Itll keep. Ive got a proposition for ya.
Not interested.
Oh?  I figured a big time race driver would jump at the chance to ditch an old clunker like yours. Wouldnt you like to get your hands on a real car?
Like yours? She laughed, hoping her interest wouldnt show. But a car like Jep Dickersons? A Big-6 Buick? Who wouldnt take a chance?
Yeah. Like mine. But, if you dont care, Ill go peddle my potatoes elsewhere.
Hold on, she said. Lets talk.

~*~

Kate strolled into the chemistry lab without knocking. Though she could easily have passed for just another college student -- and a strikingly attractive one -- she would never have been caught dead taking classes. Hey, big brother, she said. You busy?
Owen Doc Mabry looked up from his work. Me? Nah. I was just sitting here hoping someone would come in and distract me. Lo and behold, its you! He sat back on his stool amid a wonderland of glass tubing, bubbling beakers, and vials of curious fluids.
I need a little help, she said.
Oh?
Yeah. I sorta made a side bet with Jep Dickerson.
Jep Dickerson, the rich, snotty, jerk? That Jep Dickerson?
I guess Ive mentioned him before.
Frequently, but never in a nice way.
She shrugged. Doesnt matter. I dont care about him. I care about his car.
You made a side bet about his car? Doc gave her a bemused look. I dont get it.
He challenged me.
Doc felt his blood pressure rising. He baited you.
Were gonna race. Just Jep and me.
No mechanics?
No other drivers. Youll be right beside me, like always. I need you.
You need a mortician, not a mechanic. Your cars dead.
Aw cmon, Doc! She punched him playfully on the shoulder. We can squeeze one more race out of it. We have to! Ive already signed us up. Its July the 4th. And if we win -- No. When we win -- well drive off in Jeps big, beautiful Buick.
Wake up, Katie! Your car is a wreck, a worn out pile of junk. His car is a thing of beauty: a Buick. A six-cylinder Buick, fer cryin out loud!
So?
So, whats the side bet? What happens when we lose?
She pursed her lips but said nothing.
He cleared his throat. Guess you didnt hear me. What happens when we lose?
That cant happen.
Damn it, Kate! Whats at stake? What arent you tellin me?
Actually, she said, Im the only one who stands to lose anything.
That doesnt sound good. What are you putting up against Jeps Buick?
Its nothing, really. Besides, were gonna win!
Are you nuts? I barely manage to keep all the parts attached to that rolling rust heap of yours. How in hell do you expect to beat a brand new Buick?
We just need a little edge.
Ah. I get it. We just need to borrow a Bugatti or maybe a Benz. That kind of little edge?
She exhaled in exasperation. Okay, so well need a big edge.
And where, he asked, will this big edge come from?
She gave him the same smile that had gotten him into trouble so many times in the past. Though several years his junior, from the time she learned to talk, she had always taken the lead in everything they did. Or, at least, every shady thing they did. And that covered a lot of ground. 
Katie?
Do you remember the article you showed me in that science journal of yours? By some German guy.
Dr. Froelich? The physicist?
Yeah, him! Remember how excited you were about it? 
Her smile was infectious, but Doc knew better than to let her sucker him in again. He had a story for every scar her smiles had led to in the past. He dipped his brows. Dr. Froelich is working on liquid rocket fuel.
Thats it!
This may sound insane, and I really hesitate to even mention it, but you dont own a rocket. You barely own a race car. He paused. Correction: you dont own a race car. You own a collection of race car parts. I certainly hope you arent thinking what I think youre thinking. Are you?
Her unabashedly devilish smile spread even wider.

~*~

Greeley, Texas, wasnt a big town, but it was growing. It would never rival Lubbock, or even Amarillo further north, but it offered a few amenities for which those towns were known. Chief among these was Chadwick College, a tiny liberal arts school closely affiliated with the Baptist church. Though their parents had been instrumental in founding it, family jobs had never been part of the arrangement. Yet, thats where the professional pursuits of brother and sister met. Or rather, collided. While Doc educated Chadwick students during the day, Kate entertained them at night.
Sundays were held in high regard in Greeley, even by the folks who operated the towns two speakeasies. It didnt pay to anger the people in the pulpits, and not just because they had the ear of county politicians and lawmen. A couple of them were in the business of meeting the needs of Greeleys thirsty residents. Doc never let such hypocrisy bother him. Life was never perfect, but it tended to be more comfortable when nobody rocked the boat. He liked it when things were predictable.
Kate didnt.
It had been nearly a week since Doc had seen his sister, though they shared the modest home left to them by their parents. I heard something strange the other day, he said when the two sat down for a pre-church breakfast. He poured coffee into her cup.
Kates chin rested on her hands, her eyes droopy from a late Saturday night shift.
You know Jimbo Taylor, right?
Sure, she said. He hauls hooch for Russell Jones.
That would be the Reverend Russell Jones.
Everybodys gotta live, she said. What wisdom did Jimbo have to share?
Seems hes been talkin to your pal, Jep Dickerson.
Her head came up quickly, the droopy eyes now wide open. He aint my pal!
According to him, Jeps been tellin folks all over town the two of you will soon be gettin romantic. Only, thats not exactly the way he phrased it.
That pig! Whatd he say?
Just that theres a little more to that wager of yours. Care to elaborate?
Kate stared down into her coffee and remained uncharacteristically quiet.
Katie?
What?
Did you agree to sleep with Jep if you lost the race? He expected her to lash out at him for even hinting at something so outrageous. But she didnt.
Aw, Katie, he said, shaking his head, if I know about it, everyone does. What are folks gonna say?
I cant control what people say! A familiar look of fierce determination clouded her pretty face. Theyll say whatever they want to say anyhow. What we have to do is win. Thatll shut em up and make a liar outta Jep.
The damage is already done. Even if you win, folksll say you swapped your virtue for a breezer.
Not just any breezer, she said, with a complete disdain for logic. This convertible is a Master Six! Do you know what they sell for? Almost two grand!
Doc stared at her in disbelief.
What? she asked, defiantly.
I wont be a party to this, he said. Forget it.

~*~

The lab had finally grown quiet, and Doc was looking forward to continuing his work on a project hed started weeks earlier. He had his notebook out and was arranging some test equipment when Jep Dickerson entered the room, closing the door quietly behind him. Hey Doc, he said. You wanted to see me?
Thanks for dropping by, Doc replied.
Jep wandered closer, his hands idly touching one piece of equipment after another. Doc suppressed the urge to tell him to keep his mitts to himself.
Is this about the race? Jep asked.
Actually, it is, Doc said. Im afraid there isnt going to be any race. At least, not between you and my sister.
Jep leaned back against a work table and crossed his arms, a smug look on his face. It was as close to the man as Doc had ever come, and he suddenly believed all the negative things Kate had said about him.
We have a deal, Jep said. But I dont recall you bein a part of it.
Katie and I race as a team.
Yeah, but shes the driver. Shes the one folks pay to see. He shrugged. She can always get another grease monkey. Hell, Ill hire one for her.
You arent listening. I said she wasnt going to race you.
And I said its none of your damned business!
Doc shoved his hands in the pockets of his lab coat. Were done here. Ive said what I had to say.
Jep didnt move. He simply maintained the simpering smile which triggered Docs dislike. He felt himself growing more tense and wondered if hed soon need to defend himself against the taller man.
You probably think I dont know what you do for old man Jones, Jep said.
Doc took a quick, involuntary breath.
Jep plunged on. Youre responsible for makin his shine drinkable.
Thats baloney!
Youre the one who adds colors and flavors so the speaks can sell it like it was the real thing -- genuine stuff, just like it says on the bottles, only those bottles have been refilled so many times, the labels are wearin off.
Even if that were true, it has nothing to do with you, Doc said, trying not to sound overly defensive. Hed paid off the mortgage with profits from his process. As long as prohibition remained the law of the land, hed have a steady income to bolster his meager associate professors salary.
Im just a citizen, Jep said, but my old mans a Judge. As an officer of the court, its his duty to uphold the law. Hed take a dim view of your little sideline.
Youd blackmail me?
Im just sayin you need to let Kate live her own life. If she wants to play with the boys on the track, she might just have to play with em in the sack, too.
Get outta my lab, Doc said.
Jep eased away from the work bench and sauntered to the door. You got about a month to get ready. Ill see ya at the fairgrounds.

~*~

Hey, Doc! Kate said as she entered the shop behind the house. Their father built it to store farm the equipment he bought and sold once hed lost his position with the college. Now it sheltered Kates race car and some machine tools the elder Mabry once used to repair damaged machinery.
Doc wiped his hands on a rag and looked at his sister in dismay. Im havin a devil of a time with this new carburetor.
Whats the problem?
The problem is, Henry Ford didnt intend for his cars to run on nitromethane.
Nitro what?
Nitromethane, Doc said. Rocket fuel. We cant just swap it out for gasoline. The engine would probably blow us to Kingdom Come.
But you said itd work!
I said it might work, provided I came up with a way to switch to the nitro at the last minute. Assuming were still even in the race at that point.
Why not just use the nitro stuff from the start?
Cause we dont have enough. And even if we did, Im not sure how long the engine will last once we start burning it.
She looked bewildered.
Heres the thing, he said, unlike gas, nitromethane carries its own oxygen --built in -- so when it burns it doesnt need as much outside air. That means we can burn lots more of it in the same amount of time -- eight times as much!
And thats good?
Yes! Cause even though it generates less energy than gas, we can burn so much more of it with the same amount of air that we can double the power it puts out.
So, whats the beef?
Weve gotta force it into the cylinders, which means we need a different kind of carburetor. He let his voice trail off when he saw Kates eyes begin to glaze over. Sorry, he said. Sometimes I get lost in the details.
She reached out and patted his arm. I trust ya. I know youll make it work.
In fact, she looked so trusting, he didnt have the heart to tell her hed probably never get it to work, and even if he did, there would likely be one drawback that overwhelmed all the others. Assuming he solved the mechanical problems, and that was a huge assumption, thered be time to mention the rest later.

~*~

Race day came all too quickly. Kate stood around and watched all the other events, unable to keep still while waiting for her match-up with Jep and his magnificent Buick. Along with its cream colored top and bright red body, the vehicle sported black and nickel trim. It positively screamed luxury and power.
The sleek roadster had been polished to perfection. The top was up to protect the occupants who stood beside it like conquering heroes.
By contrast, Kates car had been stripped down to little more than bare bones to save weight. It might out-corner the huge Buick, owing to some clever tinkering Doc had done over the years, but there was no way it could compete on the straightaways. The Buick boasted an immense, 6-cylinder, 75-horsepower engine. Kates little 4-banger was good for maybe half as much.
She worked hard at ignoring the crowd, but wasnt very successful. The looks she got from the spectators would have sent a lesser girl into hiding, but Kate wasnt about to shy away on account of anyone. It made Doc proud, and more than a little angry.
Focus on the race, he advised.
Think the nitros gonna work?
He shrugged. I hope so. My last test worked, but I couldnt run it very long. We cant afford to waste any of the Go Juice.
She gave him a hug. Even if it just sputters and dies, I know you gave it your best shot. Theres not another girl on Earth who has a brother as swell as mine.
He wondered if shed feel the same way when Jep wrapped himself around her in bed and... Perhaps he could do something about that after the race. He still had their Dad's old shotgun. It hadnt been fired in years, but he felt sure it would work just fine.
The announcer intruded with his loud speaker. A Buick dealer in El Paso, Jeps uncle, had put up a $100 prize, but the publicity hed get from having one of his cars humiliate the celebrated female racer was worth much more.
This is a ten lap challenge event, the announcer intoned, his voice freezing the milling crowd. He introduced the competitors to smattering applause, and in Kates case, laughter. Everyone knew the outcome beforehand. All they had to do was look at the two vehicles sitting side by side at the starting line.
All right you two, crank your engines, the starter said. He raised a blank pistol and prepared to get the race under way.
Buckle up, Doc said as he settled in next to Kate.
She reached for the ends of a leather belt hed bolted to the frame. Neither would fly out of the car in a tight turn. Unfortunately, theyd both remain in it if it exploded.
Theres something I didnt mention about the nitro, he said, raising his voice to compensate for the roaring engines and the noisy crowd.
Cant hear ya, she shouted back.
He blew air from puffed cheeks and muttered, Never mind.
The starter fired his pistol.

~*~

The car leaped forward, pressing Kate back against the seat. A familiar feeling overwhelmed her, narrowing her world to the view in front and the sounds around her. The big Buick pulled steadily away. Jep turned his head to flash his stupid, toothy grin.
Moron, she thought, wishing she could give the old Ford more gas. She touched Docs arm to get his attention. Cant we give her a little rocket juice?
He appeared alarmed. Now?
She nodded vigorously.
Its too early. Weve only got enough for about half a lap.
Kate groaned. At this rate, Jep would be finished and sitting up in the stands long before they got close enough to the end to use their secret weapon.
Focus! Doc yelled. It aint over yet.
Yes it is, she muttered as they headed into the first turn.
They were still close enough to the Buick to hear a shift in the pitch of its engine. Suddenly they werent giving up any ground. Kate gripped the wheel, her jaws clenched tight. The Buick kicked up a steady spray of dirt from a track left raw by a dozen earlier races. Kate kept her lips sealed.
As Doc hoped, the little Ford cornered better. Jep rested his forearm on the sill and drove one-handed. His mechanic relaxed, too, knowing any advantage Kate gained in the corners would disappear as soon as they left the long curve at the far end of the track.
The first lap ended with the Buick several car lengths ahead. Kate knew shed already gotten more out of the Ford than shed ever gotten before, but it wasnt nearly enough. She felt tears welling in her eyes, but refused to let Doc see them. Shed finish the damned race and let Jep claim his prize, but after that shed move away. There were plenty of other places where a woman with good looks and steady nerves could make a life for herself. She would miss Doc though. Desperately.
Whats he up to? Doc shouted.
Kate stared ahead. Jep had slowed down. He just wants to razz me, she said.
The moment she pulled even with him, Jep blew her a kiss and pulled away again. If only she could throw a rope around his neck. How shed love to tighten a tie like that!
His goal was simply to kick up more dirt. Doc had removed the windshield to reduce vehicle weight. Goggles kept debris from their eyes, but nothing protected their faces. Kate ached to ram Jeps Buick into a wall. If only she could catch up to him.
He finally tired of taunting her, and by the time he finished his seventh lap, she was just wrapping up her sixth.
Lets burn the good stuff now, she said. Maybe itll blow up and kill me.
Doc just shook his head.
Suddenly, the Buick pulled to the side of the track and stopped!
Go, go, go! Doc yelled, turning in his seat to keep an eye on Jep.
Kate was already pushing the little Ford as hard as she could. She wanted to ignore the jackass, but curiosity got the best of her. Whats he doing?
Hes letting the mechanic drive, Doc said. Jep strolled around the car to switch places with his hired hand. Kate made up most of the lap by the time the Buick got back up to speed. She hoped she wouldnt grind her molars flat before it was all over. Teeth would come in handy when she got the chance to bite him.
The mechanic wasnt as unwilling as Jep had been to leave them behind. He gunned the big 6-cylinder and raced ahead proving Jep had just been toying with them. As the Buick drew farther away, Kate glanced across the track and saw Jep light a cigarette. What would he produce next, she wondered, a glass of champagne?
Just drive, Doc yelled.
She kept at it, despite her empty boast that she didnt care what people thought. The reality of her situation had grown starkly clear: she was about to become Jep Dickersons sex slave. As an alternative, suicide began to look very attractive.

~*~

Doc was already fuming when Jep attempted one final insult. Having switched places again with his mechanic, Jep piddled along, waiting for Kate to catch up. He obviously wanted to make the last lap look like a race.
And for the first time that day, Doc smiled.
I failed to mention a little something about the nitro, he said.
Anything important?
Maybe. The thing is, nitro doesnt burn as fast as gasoline, so when the valve opens to release the exhaust into the tail pipe, the last of the nitro will still be burning.
Is that a problem?
Only if youre close to the tail pipe.
She looked at him in sudden alarm. Were right on top of it!
Sorry, he said with a chuckle. It has to be close and aimed in your direction.
Kate had run the little Ford at full throttle since the race started, but over the course of the last lap, the engine began to misfire. They both pretended not to notice, but neither did it convincingly.
As they flew into the last turn, Jep adjusted his speed. It would be just like him to let her almost catch up before he poured on the coals and streaked across the finish line.
You ready? Doc asked, tightening his seat belt.
Hell yes, Kate answered as he reached under the dash for the switch that would change their fuel from gravity fed gasoline to a high pressure stream of nitromethane.
Doc flipped the switch. There was a momentary lurch as the engine coughed in response to the conversion. And then.
Wham!
Hellfire and brimstone erupted from the Fords tailpipe.
The engine roared like a volcano and smashed Kate and Doc back into their seats. From somewhere in the distance they heard the crowd screaming. Doc imagined Jeps eyes growing wide as they covered the open ground at better than twice their previous speed and hurtled past him.
Doc hung on with both hands and Kate gave vent to a rebel yell the likes of which no Texan had heard since the battle of Galveston sixty-some years earlier.
Jep cursed the Buick. His mechanic looked like hed found a piranha in his pants, and both of them shrank away from the furnace blast that trailed behind Kates car.
With twenty yards to go, something inside Kates engine broke off, melted down, or blew up -- possibly all three. A great cloud of thick, black smoke rolled into the air as Kate disengaged the drive shaft from the suddenly silent motor.
Jeps Buick bore down on them as the Ford coasted forward.
The transition from rocket blast to unpowered roll turned the world around them into a slow-motion movie. But instead of Rudolph Valentino riding into the dessert or Douglas Fairbanks swinging through the rigging of a tall ship, they became Charlie The Little Tramp Chaplin and an orphan girl soon to be despoiled by a heartless monster.
No! Doc screamed as he leaped out of the Ford and hit the ground in full stride. He put his hands on the exposed frame and pushed Kates car toward the finish.
Jep laid on his horn as if that might deter either of them from giving it everything they had. When that didnt work, he shoved his mechanic overboard.
The roar of the Buicks mighty engine grew.
Kate already had the Ford in neutral and urged the racer to give her just a little more. Cmon, baby, you can do it!
Doc couldnt talk. He needed every molecule of oxygen he could get, and with a final gasp, shoved the Ford toward the finish line with all the strength he had left.

~*~

The newspaper called it a photo finish.
Doc didnt know quite what to make of it.
Jep started complaining even before the photos were developed, but once they were ready, no one had any doubt about who won.
It was an election year, fortunately, so when Doc paid a call on Jeps daddy, Superior Court Judge Amos Dickerson, the old jurist saw him right away. The meeting didnt last long, which was fine with Doc. He got what he wanted.
Whatd he say? Kate asked when he walked out of the Judges walnut-paneled chambers.
He said not to worry.
Kate looked only partly relieved. Thats it? Thats all he said?
Doc smiled. The Judge said his family couldnt expect other folks to live up to their bargains if they didnt do the same. He knows nobody in the county would vote for him if he let Jep wiggle out of the bet.
Finally, Kate began to smile, too.
He also said to change the oil in that Buick on a regular basis.

~End~

Oberon Pratt and the Paradise Posse
(Circa 1956)


A man like Oberon Pratt is hard to love; maybe it's his face -- the one he brought home from the war in Korea. Imagine two bullet holes in a mask of dry bacon with a slash of barbed wire for a mouth. He didnt keep his uniform when he came back. A cowboy when he left, a cowboy he became once again.
Stringy lean like most cowpokes, he wore a sloping ten-gallon hat that went out of fashion with silent movies. Some town folk say he needed it to hide in, which just proves they didn't know him very well. His concern was cattle, and they don't care if you're ugly enough to scare the short out of a stump.
I've known him all my life, but he's closer to his cows. He'd show up once a month, regular as the express from Santa Fe. Come to think of it, he made about as much commotion, too.
During his visits to civilization, which he limited to a handful of commercial establishments here in Greeley, Texas, he always got a room at the Excelsior Motel. It's where he kept his "city threads," an outfit he wouldn't even touch 'til he'd spent an hour or two in an Excelsior tub sheddin' trail dirt. Once he'd scoured himself, shaved, and rubbed in a capful of stinkum, he'd don his prized wardrobe: black jeans, a black shirt littered with silver buttons, black tooled boots, an inky version of his big hat, and a bright pink silk bandanna.
When Oberon Pratt -- the cowpoke's cowpoke -- stepped from his room, the world could plainly see magic had occurred. What entered the building as a wizened trail rat, exited it as a straight-backed man of means. Dressed in such ebon finery, his face no longer resembled a cured ham. No hint of the saddle tramp remained.
He even smiled.
He began each visit with one of Flo Hanney's legendary steak dinners. Flo is one of my two "aunts" and owns the Excelsior Motel. Afterwards they'd have a couple beers at the Cattleman's Castle and dance to Hank Williams on the Wurlitzer before he walked her home. She'd thank him with a peck on the cheek, then he'd tip his hat, turn, and head for Greeley's other motel.
Flo's sister, Jo, (younger by a couple minutes) ran the Paradise Motel and Supper Club, which looked a great deal like the Excelsior, but wasn't. For one thing, it didn't have a restaurant -- Jo thought the addendum made it sound classier, and she did occasionally send out for tacos and beer. The biggest difference, however, was that she rented her rooms by the hour. She knew the schedule of Oberon Pratt better than he did, and whenever he hit town she was ready for him: one room, two girls, three pints of assorted liquor, and music. Classical music. Loud, classical music.
Some folks -- mostly those who're wrong about his hat -- claimed he didn't really like that long hair stuff and just used it to piss off the other patrons of Paradise. But that ain't even close to the truth.
Two hours of Paradise is about twice what an average man can handle, but it was the norm for Oberon Pratt. I know; I've been providing security there for a long time. I'd generally walk our most famous customer back to the Excelsior, put him in bed, and turn his fancy duds over to Flo so she could have 'em cleaned. I've even been known to buff those black boots of his 'til they sparkled. Anything less wouldn't have seemed right.
Family didn't mean a whole lot to him, and he didn't have many friends, but he never forgot his own. When a Federal bank examiner fell asleep smokin' in bed and burned down three of the Excelsior's eight units, he was the one who worked weekends to rebuild 'em. When Sadie Wilkins, a waitress at the Cattleman's Castle took sick, he was the one who made sure her kids had enough to eat. He also had a heart-to-heart with old man Flaherty at the Eureka Savings and Loan about her mortgage. Who would've guessed he and Flaherty had mutual acquaintances in Paradise unknown to Mrs. Flaherty? Shortly after their meeting, Sadie received an insurance policy that covered her note while she was laid up.
'Course, there were plenty of folks who couldn't stand him. They didn't like his goin' out get-up; didn't like where and how he spent his time, and most especially didn't like the fact he didn't care what they didn't like. As a result, Oberon Pratt was a frequent, if informal, topic up and down the street the three Greeley churches shared. His indifference bothered all the preachers, but none as much as Horace DuBose, the rotund sermonizer at the Old Rugged Cross Independent Church O' God, far and away the biggest non-denominational church in the nine-county area. 
Though DuBose and his wife, Beulah, were relative newcomers, their brief tenure had been marked by controversy, mostly over the design of the new sanctuary. DuBose held that only sinners kept secrets, and to prove the piety of his congregation, he convinced the building committee to adopt a sanctuary design composed mainly of glass panels and aluminum frames.
Cost over-runs and questions about the credentials of the building's designer, Beulahs brother, had been the source of lengthy debates and outright acrimony among the congregation. So it was with great relish, once the building was completed, that DuBose focused the blinding light of his faith on Greeley's most infamous sinner.
Overnight, DuBose elevated the subject to action status, and took great pains to describe to his followers the speed with which Oberon Pratt was hurtling toward Hell. DuBose claimed something had to be done, and soon. Anyone who dressed all in black, wore a pink silk bandanna, associated with women of questionable virtue, and was named after the King of the Fairies, most likely already had connections in the realm of ever-lastin' fire. 
DuBose must've shared his notes with the other preachers in town, 'cause the Fairy King reference made it into their sermons, too. By the following Tuesday, the only folks in Greeley who hadn't heard it were either dead or on vacation. DuBose timed his sermon to hit the last Sunday of the month -- a couple days before the unsuspecting cowpoke was due for his monthly scrub at the Excelsior.
Now, anyone who's spent time in Greeley knows there are basically only two kinds of people who live there--those agonizing over who would and who wouldn't be goin' to hell, and those more focused on makin' it through this life. Not only was Oberon Pratt in the latter camp, he was its most visible member. When you stick out like a bull at a bridal shower, you have to expect someone to make an issue of it, but DuBose was more devious than that. His real aim was to blow up Jo Hanney's emporium for the gentle arts. Pratt was merely the pin in his grenade. DuBose pulled it when he dispatched his wife and a contingent of the Old Rugged Cross Independent Church O' God Ladies Auxiliary to capture the notorious black party duds.
Covered dish dinners and prayer meetings are the usual province of Wednesday nights in Greeley, and that evening was no exception. DuBose strapped himself into his pulpit and commenced to lay on about the heathen the moment the first casserole came through the door.
About that time, the object of his wrath cleared the city limits. I met him as he cashed his paycheck and tried to warn him about the sermons and all the talk in town, but he was so caught up in his plans to settle in to the first of several tubs of steaming hot, lilac-scented water, he ignored me. That's when we bumped into the formidable bulk of Beulah DuBose.
She glared at me briefly before zeroing in on my companion, her face clouding as if she'd just been banned from the buffet line. "You're him, aren't you?" she said, her voice rising in a fair approximation of her husband's most dramatic appeals. "You're Oberon Pratt, King of the Sinners! Well, you mark my words: right-thinkin' folk around here will no longer stand for your evil ways. It's gonna stop tonight, y'hear?"
Pratt tipped his hat and detoured to let her by when he saw a sizable piece of hot pink silk wrapped around the fingers of her plump left hand. She swept the fabric behind her and backed away until her butt cheeks flattened out against the brick facade of the Eureka Savings and Loan.
"Come any closer and I'll scream," she said, her voice suddenly constricted.
Pratt shrugged. "Suit yerself." Then he leaned against the building to see what she had pinned between the wall and her buttocks.
"C'mon now." I tugged his arm. "We don't need trouble."
When he nodded and turned away, she took off like a rocket-propelled pillow with the pink bandanna streamin' out behind. As we watched her ponderous departure, his face hardened. "Is that what I think it is?"
"Naw," said I, "who'd have the nerve to--" I shut up when another member of the Old Rugged Cross Independent Church O' God Ladies Auxiliary sauntered by with a pair of dark denims in one hand and a black, silver-buttoned shirt in the other. Following her came yet another clutching the dark twin of his huge hat. They steamed up the street toward holy row muttering phrases like "strength in numbers" and "soldiers in the war on sin." 
We waited for someone else to appear with his boots, but no one did. All the same, as we headed for the Excelsior, his breath came in a series of short angry puffs, like a penned rodeo bull just before it's given leave to kill whoever was fool enough to climb on its back. When Flo confirmed that someone had broken in and stolen his clothes, I fully expected him to blow. I just knew there'd be Pratt shrapnel carvin' up church-goers from one end of Greeley to the other. Instead, he got real quiet, and his breathing leveled out like he'd received good news instead of bad. It was the scariest damned thing I'd ever seen, and just then I wouldn't have traded places with any of those ladies, no matter what guarantees I had about the promised land.
Flo locked eyeballs with him. "If you had any sense, you'd sashay down to your room, run yourself a tub of hot water, climb in, and relax. Forget about those stupid clothes. You've been wearin' 'em so long the patches have patches."
He squinted at her a bit, then nodded his head. 
I couldn't believe it.
"You get cleaned up, and we'll go shoppin'," Flo said. "I'll find you something else to wear in the meantime. Does it have to be black?"
"It'd fit my mood," he said, then turned away.
When he'd walked out of earshot, she turned toward me. "I'm going to give Jo a holler. I 'spect she's going to need you. Lord only knows what's liable to show up on her doorstep tonight. You'd best get on back over there."
Which is precisely what I did. Jo gave her girls the night off and loaned them her car so they could drive to Beaker Flats, a town marginally more interesting than Greeley, and the closest one with a movie theater.
Meanwhile, the church folk had finished their fried chicken and topped it off with a ration of righteous indignation. Reverend DuBose loosed his flock at sundown, the same as the other churches, and they coalesced into a mob intent on driving the devil clean out of Greeley. Flanked by Beulah and the rest of the Old Rugged Cross Independent Church O' God Ladies Auxiliary, Dubose pointed the way. His trembling hand aimed right through the heart of town at the Paradise Motel and Supper Club, Satan's home away from home.
Those who weren't part of the surging mass filling Greeley's main thoroughfare simply hung back and watched. Jo and I were the sole occupants of Paradise. No one else stood between us and the mob.
At first I thought their demonstration would be harmless, but as they got closer their words got louder and a whole lot meaner. Several women in the front rank carried poles with dark bundles dangling from the ends. I didn't get worried until they set 'em on fire. The odd torches worked like a starter's gun. As soon as they whumped into flame, the crowd broke into a run, screamin' and hollerin' like the devil was behind them, not cowering with us inside the motel. The torchlight reflected off the trees and buildings lending an eerie hellishness to an already frenzied scene.
About the time they torched the front of the place, I hustled Jo out the back. We ran for cover, convinced the crazed church folk would set us on fire, too. Luckily, they seemed content to focus on Paradise, which quickly became an inferno. Led by Reverend and Mrs. DuBose, banker Flaherty's wife, and the Mayor, they locked arms and formed a barricade when the volunteer firefighters arrived. Together, they all watched Paradise turn to ash.
We walked to the Excelsior in a daze, too stunned to even jump at shadows. Flo ushered us in and started checking for wounds. Jo shook her off. "Where's Pratt? I don't even want to think what might happen if they get their hands on him!"
"He's gone," Flo said. "When he realized what they were up to, he fired up that old motorcycle he keeps out in the shed and lit out of town like a banshee."
I felt an immediate sense of relief and tried to sort out our options. There didn't seem to be many. "We need a lawyer," I said.
Jo shook her head. "I'd rather have a steam roller."
The light breeze brought a faint roar. "Oh, hell," said Flo.
I went to the window to see if we'd been followed, then stepped outside for a better look. I couldn't see much, but what I heard made me smile. The twins came out and stood beside me, listening. From somewhere in the distance came the growing roar of an unmufflered Indian motorcycle accompanied by Rimsky-Korsakov's "Flight of the Bumblebee," and the discordant protests from a herd of bellicose cattle.
Wheres the music comin from, I wondered, out loud.
Flo grabbed my arm. "We've got to stop him before he hurts somebody."
Jo looked like she was about to disagree, then caved in. "She's right. The people that burned my place down didn't kill anybody. Pratt might."
We took off running through town. The mob ignored us as they celebrated in the streets, but before long, some of them picked up on the same sounds we'd heard and shouted the others to silence. Soon, their voices rose again--in dismay. Though dark and cloudy, the sky wasn't the source of the thunder they heard. 
On the far side of town, a cloud of reddish dust billowed over the heads of Pratt's frenzied herd as it roared down Rose Lane near the stockyard, and rumbled past the old public school. In their wake the animals left long stretches of downed fencing, several flattened street signs, a score of trampled trash cans, and most of a fairly new Nash Rambler.
Bellowing and bawling, the herd streamed past a Sherman tank on the lawn of the armory and blew right through a huge, hand-painted sign hawking the pro wrestling extravaganza set for Saturday night. Clearly unimpressed, the corn-fed juggernaut surged on, filling Main Street from curb to curb.
We reached holy row just as the leading edge of the stampede reduced a wall of crepe myrtle to a densely packed layer of mulch. Pratt, dressed in borrowed black, appeared like an avenging ninja, roaring from one side of the panicked pack to the other. He soon stood that bike up like a rearing stallion and turned the maelstrom of frightened beef straight at the double doors of the Old Rugged Cross Independent Church O' God's all-glass sanctuary.
We couldn't even hear the crowd behind us and presumed it was due to the noise from the cows as they crashed through the doors and poured into the building. A quick look back at the mute but horrified faces of the righteous gave me a feeling of satisfaction I never guessed I'd feel that night.
The dark cattleman kept up his assault on the herd, driving them relentlessly until every last cow had checked in for the service. He followed them in, idled his engine, and blocked the exit while some three hundred longhorns made themselves comfortable.
"Sacrilege!" came a strained cry from the leader of the stunned church folk. "Stop them!" DuBose screamed.
At that point, time seemed to hit one of those slow motion moments you think only happens in the movies. As if on cue, and just before the walls of the crystal feedlot reached the breaking point, the Almighty punched his thunder and lightning button.
Few things on Earth can match a west Texas thunderstorm for dramatic effect. The pyrotechnics came first: a daylight-bright blast that terrified the cows trapped within the gigantic prism. Seconds later came the prolonged report of God's howitzers which pushed the poor ruminants completely over the edge, through the transparent walls, and into the street.
The cowpoke in the doorway took his leave when the light show began. He knew when the real Master of Mayhem had stepped in. Most of the cattle made it out before the sanctuary slowly dissolved into sparkly rubble.
The crowd, meanwhile, in response to the urging of the portly pastor, had once again begun its advance. That ended the instant the herd leaders aimed their collective hysteria at downtown Greeley. Another crack of thunder got the attention of a couple hundred long horned laggards and launched them toward a rendezvous with their four-legged leaders.
Faced with a sea of horns and hooves, the mob turned and fled, Pamplona-style, overrunning the Reverend and Mrs. DuBose leaving them upended, dazed, and disillusioned in the middle of the street. The two searched for salvation among the faces of the onlookers all about, and several ardently suggested they get the hell out of the way, but neither seemed capable of movement let alone flight. So, they sat where they landed while the mass of crazed bovines bore down on them.
About that time, the subject of DuBose's carefully crafted rants blew in from a side street and turned his smoking, snarling mechanical stallion toward the stampede. Almost as an afterthought, he turned up the volume on the transistor radio duct taped to a bullhorn strapped to the seat behind him and began waving his arms. The tide of beef crested near the Eureka Savings and Loan, and by the time the stragglers caught up with the rest, the front ranks were milling around in a fruitless search for dinner.
The cowpoke never said a word to DuBose or his wife, though he did retrieve his pink bandanna. After stuffing it safely in a breast pocket, he turned down the volume and guided the herd slowly out of town.
Later that night I caught up with him at the Excelsior where he and my twin "aunts" were sharing a six-pack on the lawn by the light of the moon. 
"Not much point in stayin' around here," Jo said as she handed me a frosty, longneck Lone Star. "I'm thinkin' about settin up shop in Nevada. You're welcome to come along."
The idea of leaving Greeley had appealed to me for some time, but I told her I'd have to think it over.
"I'm sure not staying," Flo said. "Certain elements in this town have made it unfit for livin'." She gave the cowpoke a squeeze. "What about you?"
He picked at the sad garments Flo had found for him to wear. "I 'spect it's time to get some new clothes."
Things got real quiet then, and it seemed like a good time to ask a question that'd been on my mind for some time. I took a swig of beer and faced the old cowboy square up. "Is that stuff about the King of the Fairies true? I mean, I always thought 'Oberon' had a proud sort of ring to it."
"The name don't make the man, son," he said. "It works the other way around." Then he gave me the pink bandanna and patted my shoulder. "I've gotten used to that name over the years, Junior, but if you want to go by something different, it's okay with me."

~End~

Greeleys Finest
(Circa 1975)


Tucker Thomas parked his car behind the church in the only spot of shade still open. He exhaled as he sat back in his seat, rolled down the window, and let the midday heat of Greeley, Texas, wash over him. Sweat dampened his neck and arms as he took his first whiff of Bowdon County air in over six years.
Hed spent four of those years in college and two in the army. Uncle Sam had sent him to Vietnam, and hed been among the last to get out. Fortunately, he got out whole. And now, here he was back in Greeley.
A hint of wood smoke mingled with the scent of slow-roasted pork from Bo's Barbecue Barn beside the church. The restaurant had installed air conditioning when hed still been in high school, and ever since, the congregation of the Greeley Free-Will Evangelical Mission had observed their Sunday devotionals with a morning round in the church and a mid-day session at Bo's.
Woodrow Thomas, Tucker's grandfather and the funerary guest of honor, used to lead the charge from sanctuary to salad bar. Timing of the weekly exodus was crucial as barbecue connoisseurs populated the Baptist and Methodist churches, too. One of Woodrow's duties as a church deacon was to alert the preacher if the competition broke early and attempted to usurp the Mission's place at the head of the line. The old man took his church work seriously, and it was a rare day when anyone ate ahead of Greeley's Free-Will Evangelical Missionaries.
Little had changed since Tucker put his high school diploma in his pocket and the wretched little town in his rearview mirror. He checked his watch. Woodrow would be leading his final procession, albeit prone, in an hour or so, after which Tucker planned a speedy return to San Antonio. With any luck, he'd never have to make the trip to Greeley again. 
Suit coat in hand, he eased out of his car and walked toward the church. Surviving family members would occupy the front pew, leaving him no way to gracefully avoid joining them.
He stepped through the double doors of the sanctuary and paused. The church looked unchanged. Bright sunlight flooded the stained glass window behind the altar and invested the final moments of Jesus with a cheery glow. Woodrow's open casket filled the space in front of the altar as a handful of people Tucker didn't recognize paid their final respects. He resolved to join them.
The floor squeaked under his feet as he walked, and mourners on either side of the aisle cut their eyes at him as if he had wandered in nude. He ignored them and focused on the body in the box ahead of him.
Try as he might, he couldn't avoid the thought that Woodrow looked like shit. Not that he ever looked good to begin with, but right then he looked even worse than usual. Dead, in fact. A bible sat in the crook of one arm and an under-inflated football rested in the other, the faded signature of legendary University of Texas coach Darrell Royal just barely visible.
Tucker fought off a smile, knowing how many of his relatives longed to have that stupid ball. It didn't seem likely that Woodrow would fumble it anytime soon, not with the ultimate end zone just ahead. Tucker looked down at the old man, his hands artfully crossed to hide his mutilated fingers. How many times had he waved those abbreviated digits in the faces of the young customers at his fireworks stand? Tucker let his smile show through. Maybe it did some good. He wondered who had inherited the business as he turned away from the casket and faced Woodrow's survivors.
Uncle Hunter, the oldest of Woodrows three children, anchored the pew, gray head lowered, his hands resting palms up in his broad lap. His twin sons, Denny and Donny, sat beside him like chained pit bulls and glowered at Tucker as he walked by. Woodrow had often remarked that the two couldn't muster a decent IQ if they multiplied one of their scores by the other. Their mother died in childbirth, and he'd heard more than once that it was likely a kindness. Tucker sought pew space beyond Hunter and found it among the numerous Baxleys, offspring of Woodrow's amazingly fecund daughter, Nell.
She eyed him suspiciously but said nothing as he took his seat beside her. Eight of her oldest children, and their children, filled the two pews behind him. Tucker's own mother, Nell's sister, had left him for the family to raise when he was three. She never came back. As a child, Tucker resented her for what she'd done, but the years gave him perspective and more than a little sympathy for her departure.
The service began with a hymn played on the church's Vox Continental, a portable organ donated by a failed rock band. At first, Tucker thought he recognized the tune, then decided he was mistaken since the organist put more faith in mood and intensity than actual notes, a fact he pointed out to Nell. She threatened to make him sit with the twins if he didn't keep his smart-ass comments to himself.
"Sorry," Tucker said.
She sniffed. "You married yet?"
He cast a quick, backward glance at her two rows of progeny and shook his head. Even if he had a romantic interest, he wasn't about to admit it to the family brood mare.
"Woodrow always said you were a great disappointment."
Tucker feigned a sorrowful look, or what he hoped passed for one.
As the music came to a merciful close, Preacher Clackum stepped in front of the casket and nodded a farewell to Tucker's grandfather. The sanctuary fell silent as the silver-haired minister murmured words only the deceased could have heard. 
Suddenly, the sanctuary doors burst open and a half dozen men in white robes entered the building. Patches and embroidered insignia decorated the robes with all the panache of factory second bowling shirts and proudly proclaimed the wearers as members of the Imperial Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, Texas Region, (Reconstituted). Tucker didn't recognize any of them, though it took him a moment to register that none wore a hood.
He leaned toward Nell. "What's this all about?"
"Half those guys are on the FBI payroll," she whispered. Thats the only reason they keep the dumb thing goin.
The six men marched up the squeaky aisle and distributed themselves around the coffin. One stepped forward, his robe markedly cleaner than the others, and Tucker wondered if that alone catapulted him to leadership.
The man cleared his throat twice before addressing the pastor and the startled congregation. "Brother Thomas was a senior officer and long-time member of our Klavern. We're here as an honor guard to escort him to his final resting place." He surrendered his post to another of the Klansmen who produced what looked like folded bed linens. He placed them gently in the coffin beside the sacred football then straightened and addressed the minister. "Okay Preacher, you just go on with the service and don't pay us any mind."
The minister managed a shaky Lord's Prayer, but with the help of the congregation eventually went on as if nothing unusual had transpired.
Tucker nudged his aunt Nell and whispered, "Was Woodrow one of the informants or one of the clueless?" Klueless?
She glared at him. "Don't speak ill of the dead."
Tucker observed the robed men standing at parade rest on either side of the coffin. "Right."
His mind threatened to wander aimlessly as Preacher Clackum rattled on about what a good and kind and just man Woodrow Thomas was -- a true humanitarian. And then he asked if anyone in attendance wanted to say something in remembrance of the great man.
Tucker came out of his trance acutely aware of Nell's elbow in his ribs.
"What?" he asked.
"You're the big city genius," she said. "Can't you say something about your own granddaddy?"
Tucker felt his blood pool in his loafers, convinced the Klansmen displayed way too much interest in him. He swallowed and looked to see if anyone else appeared ready to volunteer, but the honor guard seemed to have a similar effect on the congregation at large. He slowly rose to his feet.
The preacher smiled and waved him forward, clearly relieved to yield ground zero to someone else.
Tucker took a few wobbly steps, the vigor matching his confidence level. Surely he could think of something to say that wouldn't rile the Imperial Knights.
The preacher took his hand and shook it with far more enthusiasm than the occasion warranted, then slipped away. Tucker turned to face the mourners and smiled.
Nobody smiled back.
"I'm Tucker Thomas," he said. "Woodrow was my grandfather. He and my grandma took me in when I was three. Gran died six years ago." He looked at the people as if he'd just been struck by the coincidence. "Until today, that was the last time I'd been in Greeley."
No one seemed particularly interested, least of all the Klansmen.
"Theres not much I can tell you about Woodrow that you don't already know." He glanced at the honor guard. "It's funny how some things can remain a secret, isn't it?"
He sweated through a few nervous laughs then plowed ahead. "My grandfather and I didn't have a whole lot in common," he said, hoping he'd be able to think of some belief they did share. "But he always stood by me. Even when I decided to become an Aggie instead of a Longhorn."
His declaration of Texas A&M fealty boosted him a notch with a portion of the crowd, but lowered him a notch with the rest.
"And he taught me a good many things. About life. About, uhm, gettin by. About recognizing human needs and wants and working to fulfill them."
A quick glance at the honor guard gave him slightly more confidence. They appeared harmless. Of course, the same could be said of a sleeping rattler. He decided not to say anything about Woodrow's primary source of income -- the manufacture of "genuine" civil war artifacts.
"In more ways than I can describe, Woodrow Thomas helped to make me the man I am today. The things he did, and the people he believed in, shaped my life, and I'm here today to thank him one last time."
At long last, a few smiles appeared in the congregation. Tucker nodded in appreciation, then sat down before he was forced to admit his grandfather was a crook and a con artist and represented everything in life he hoped to avoid. Woodrow was the perfect counter role model, and a new realization suddenly dawned on him. Hell, he ought to thank the old bastard.
The thought made him grin. Wasn't that what he'd just done?

~*~

The majority of mourners pooled near the exit to lend moral, if not physical, support to the Klansmen who bore Woodrows casket to the graveyard beside the church. Tucker stood near his car hoping to get away before anyone collared him.
Thought Id find you here.
Tucker didnt recognize the voice and jerked around to face the speaker, a striking blonde in a white sundress that emphasized attributes any cheerleader would envy. Just the sight of such a beauty would normally have been enough to render him speechless, but that shed been looking for him made his head spin.
Do I know you? He finally managed.
We went to school together, she said. For a while, anyway.
He gave her his best rendition of a dazzling smile. Im pretty sure Id remember you if we ever met.
She returned his smile, with double the wattage. Miz Mabry? Fifth grade?
His mind spun like a hamster wheel. How could he not know someone so drop dead gorgeous? Could life be more unfair? Im not-- I, uh....
Im Holly Coe.
Instantly, the hamster wheel locked, and he stared at her in stupefying recognition. Holly Coe? Big, fat, Holly Coe? Impossible! Holy--
Please, she said, palms raised, dont say it. You cant imagine how I hated that nickname.
Theyd called her Holy Cow as much for her great size as for the convenient meanness of it. The tag had nothing to do with religion.
Im sorry, he said. Its just-- I--
Forget it, she said. I shouldnt be so touchy.
No, no. Youve every right to be sensitive about it. Kids can be such assholes. My own cousins taunted me, called me an orphan. Like I could do something about it. But, what happened to you? Still groping for words, he added, I mean, you just dropped out of sight. There werent that many kids in the whole school. Its not like we didnt notice.
When my granddaddy got elected to Congress, the whole family moved to DC. Both my parents worked for him, and so they put me in a private school up there.
You look fantastic.
Thank you, she said, smiling again. I worked at it.
I can imagine.
No, she said, simply. You cant.
I meant--
Is there somewhere we can go, out of the heat? We need to talk.
We do? Yes! He pulled himself together. Im sure we can find someplace. Bos will be mobbed as soon as the funerals over, but--
How rude of me, she said. The ceremony is about to start. You probably need to go. And, by the way, I was sorry to hear about your grandfather.
Thanks, he said. And honestly, I hadnt planned to attend the graveside service. Woodrow and I-- We werent that close.
I thought you lived with him.
I did. A long time ago. He gave her an appraising look. You seem to know a lot about me. Do you keep such close tabs on all your granddads constituents?
Laughing, she waved him into her car. He didnt mind. Who could complain about being driven around town by a beautiful woman in a sports car? Woodrow Thomas may have done many things, but raising an idiot wasnt one of them.

~*~

They settled into a booth in the Cattlemens Castle, an enterprise with roots in the previous century. A faded sign from the original building, the Spread Eagle, hung over a traditional mirror behind the bar.
This place used to be a brothel, yknow, Holly said.
Tucker nodded. So I heard -- a real hot topic when youre in high school. But then came all the church folk. Greeleys just not the same ol den of sin it used to be.
Like back in the pioneer days, Holly said.
Woodrow told me some tales. Greeleys seen some wild times, and not all of it in the 1800s.
Holly drummed her fingers on the table. Theres still some of that goin on. But if folks will just relax a bit, and let sleeping dogs lie, much of it will just pass quietly into the past, and Greeley can move forward.
Tucker eyed her closely. Are you referring to something specific, or are we still talking in generalities?
The question caused a bump in her comfort level. Ah, well. Thats kinda why Im here, actually.
I wondered about that. Whatd Woodrow do this time?
Just then a waitress arrived to take their order. She gave them both long looks before leaving to fetch their drinks.
Your grandfather sent a letter to the Congressman.
The Congressman being your granddad.
Right. Turns out they were pals in the old days. And I mean the really old days, like before the first world war.
Tucker nodded. Okay, yeah. I think I heard something about that.
It also turns out those two were quite the desperados.
Woodrow? No. I can see him as a bit of an idiot, sure. He blew some of his own fingers off! But a criminal? A dangerous criminal? No way.
She dropped her voice so low he had to lean forward to catch her words. He tried to blackmail the Congressman.
You cant be serious!
Keep your voice down, she said. You can never be sure whos listening.
This is Greeley, not Washington, DC.
Im quite aware of that.
Do you have a copy of the letter? he asked.
Not with me, she said. I came down here to talk with him about it, but before I could arrange an interview, he had a heart attack and died.
Tucker sat back in the booth. I spect that puts an end to it then, doesnt it?
She fidgeted for a moment, and then their drinks arrived. The waitress set two beers on the table and was about to leave when she stopped and squinted at Tucker. I know you, she said. Youre Woodrow Tuckers grandson. You were a couple years ahead of me at Greeley High. She offered her hand. Im Sue Mabry.
Mabry was our fifth grade teachers name, Holly said.
Shes my aunt, Sue said. Shes retired now. Spends all her time trying to keep the towns crappy little history museum open. 
This really is old home week, Tucker said, smiling. Im Tucker, and yes, Woodrow was my granddad. This is Holly Coe. She went to school here, too, but she moved.
Seems like Im the only one who hasnt found a way out, the waitress said.
Holly appeared sympathetic. Its not such a bad place to live.
Try gettin a date around here. If youre lucky enough to find someone to go out with, theres no place to go!
Sorry, kid, Tucker said.
Ill keep your tab open, the waitress said, then wandered away.
Tucker waited until she was beyond earshot. You were going to say something about Woodrows letter.
Right. See, theres a little problem. Your grandfather claimed to have a note from the Congressman which implicated him in one of their escapades.
From when? A hundred years ago?
Sixty-five, more or less.
Who cares?
See? Thats what I mean. If folks could just let this ancient history go, thered be no problem at all.
Tucker watched as she head-tossed a mass of blonde hair over her bare shoulder. It looked like the obligatory, post shampoo, heres-hair-to-die-for shot in a commercial. He had to force himself back to the topic at hand. So, whos making a big deal out of it?
No one, yet, she said. But if there really is an incriminating letter floating around somewhere, Id sure like to get my hands on it.
What, exactly, did the Congressman say in this letter? he asked.
Only your grandfather knew. My grandfather doesnt remember writing to him, but then, its been so long....
Tucker thought for a moment. Wouldnt the statute of limitations apply?
I dont think so.
Why not?
She paused before whispering, There was a murder involved.
Holy--
Tucker!
--crap!
They sat in silence for some time before the waitress returned and asked if they needed refills. Neither did.
Tucker handed the waitress his credit card, suddenly inspired. Can you tell me about this history museum?
Theres not much to tell. Aunt Kate runs it, but whod want to go there? Its tiny. Shes got a collection of old junk that nobody wanted. I cant imagine why she cares.
Where is it? he asked.
She gave him directions. He settled the bill and then said to Holly, Ill let you get dinner.
Oh, really? You paid for what? A whole beer?
Two. And one was an import. Hey, you came to me, remember? Im just tryin to help you out. Besides, youve got an expense account, dont you?
Yeah.
Well, Id like to see some of my tax dollars at work.
She shook her head in defeat.
Can I interest you in a museum? he asked.

~*~

This used to be the undertakers place, Kate Mabry said after an exchange of greetings with Tucker and Holly when they entered the museum. Some really bad hombres came through here. She smiled. Usually, in the front and out the back.
And on to Boot Hill? Holly asked.
The town cemetery didnt really have a name, Kate said. They just called it the bone orchard.
Tucker chuckled.
Gruesome, Holly said.
Cowboy humor, actually. Not uncommon around here.
Lots of crime back in the old days? Tucker asked, pleased by the womans enthusiasm and apparent knowledge of local history.
Like most frontier towns, Greeley had an abundance of hard-livin folks. Mostly men, but some interesting women, too.
Tucker glanced at a framed article from a Lubbock newspaper. He stared hard at the accompanying photo, then at the museums proprietor. Is this story about you?
Actually, its about an auto race.
Holly stepped closer to inspect the clipping. It sure looks like you.
I was a lot younger then.
You never said anything about this when you taught our class. Tucker gave her an admiring look.
The intervening years had been good to her, he thought. She still had the dimpled smile she displayed in the photo. The same impish grin, too. He forced himself back to the business at hand. 
Just out of curiosity, did the undertaker leave any records?
Kate bobbed her head, waving a few errant gray hairs in the process. They werent meticulous, she said, but they provide some details that wouldve been lost otherwise. The town didnt have a newspaper. Probably didnt have that many people who could read.
Were curious about mysterious deaths in the early 1900s, Holly said. Would the records reflect anything like that?
Some, said Kate. Are you looking for anything in particular?
Uh--
Hard to say, volunteered Tucker.
There were plenty of unexplained deaths, Kate said. Disappearances, too. And no law enforcement. My guess is most of the people who lived here liked it that way.
How bout the Texas Rangers? Tucker asked.
Im sure they rode through from time to time. Have you checked to see if they have anything on file?
Very little, Holly said. She smiled at Tucker. The office checked before I flew down.
What office? Kate asked.
Congressman Coes, Tucker said. Holly is the Congressmans granddaughter.
Kate seemed too lost in thought to be impressed. Greeleys got an awful lot of secrets. Desperate people, desperate times. You get hints and peeks at odd things and colorful characters, but you almost never get the full story about anything. She walked over to a bookcase and retrieved a well-worn journal. The yellowed pages appeared brittle, and Kate took great care when looking through them for a particular entry.
Ive been meaning to copy this, she said. But my typing skills arent very good. It would take forever.
Why not hire someone to transcribe it? Tucker asked.
Im lucky to afford the light bill, she said. Anyway, theres a page or two in here devoted to a couple interesting ladies from the early days. Sisters Etta and Bessie. Etta had a gold nugget that was the talk of the town for years. Supposedly it resembled an armadillo. Or maybe a horned toad. I dunno. Something like that.
What happened to it? Holly asked.
Kate shrugged. I havent got the foggiest. Bessies name shows up in the undertakers records, but not Ettas. Which, if you think about it, makes sense.
Why?
Because Bessie lived in town. Etta lived a couple hours away, by horseback. Shes probably buried pretty close to where she died.
As the visitors prepared to leave, Kate put a gentle hand on Tuckers shoulder. I was sorry to hear about your grandfather. Woodrow was quite a character. Colorful. Not too many like him anymore.
Tucker muttered a thanks, but something in the way Kate looked at him made him linger.
You remind me of your mother, she said. I always liked her.
Thanks, Tucker said. I dont really know much about her.
Kate smiled. Drop by some time. Maybe I can fill in a few of the blanks.
Id like that.
Time to go, Holly said.

~*~

They drove back to the church and Holly pulled in beside Tuckers car. Only one other vehicle shared the gravel lot with them, and Tucker recognized the driver instantly.
Oh, great, he said. Its my aunt Nell.
Go. Talk to her. Ive got to call the office anyway. Ill be back to get you in a while. We can do that dinner you talked about.
Got a place in mind? he asked, eyeing Bos restaurant. Im not really in the mood for barbeque, and weve pretty much used up all the other places Im not afraid of.
Well think of something, she said. Meet you here at six?
Sure.
She drove off in a spray of gravel, and he couldnt help but wonder where shed rented the car. Amarillo, maybe. Braniff flew there. So did TWA.
Hey -- Tucker!
Nells scratchy voice would have gotten his attention even if she hadnt yelled, but flying under the radar had never been her style. Tucker shuffled toward her car and leaned into the drivers window. Hey.
Daddy named you in his will, yknow, she said.
Good to see you, too, he responded.
I didnt see you at the grave.
I figured there was enough family present. Besides, Woodrow and I werent on the best of terms.
You thought hed rise up and pick a fight with you?
Cmon, Nell. Its been a long day.
Yeah, she said. Dont I know. Listen, I talked the lawyer into giving me what Daddy left for you. I coulda checked it out myself, but it wouldnt have been right.
Tucker had never thought of her as a paragon of virtue, but he had to admit, this was pretty decent of her. Whatd he leave me? An overdue utility bill?
He left you this. She handed him a tiny envelope emblazoned with the logo of the Eureka Savings and Loan.
Thats it? No letter? No final words?
I was hoping for a thank you, Nell said.
Of course, Tucker said. Thank you. Im sorry I couldnt be there. He checked his watch. You spose the banks still open?
Maybe, Nell said, rolling up her window. She drove off much as Holly had, without displacing quite as much gravel.

~*~

The Eureka Savings and Loan hadnt quite closed when Tucker arrived. The teller looked at him with undisguised loathing as he pushed through the door. Tucker ignored her and went straight to the managers office.
After a short inspection of his identity, the chubby, balding man led him to the vault and a bank of safe deposit boxes, none of which appeared big enough to house more than a pair of slippers.
The bank official inserted his key and invited Tucker to do the same, then left.
Tucker extracted a surprisingly long metal box from its resting place. He placed the box on a table and sat down in front of it.
Here goes nothing, he thought. Whatve you got for me, Woodrow? One last kick in the pants?
He opened the box and found an envelope and a rock. He inspected the rock first, convinced -- despite any training in geology -- that it contained a significant amount of gold. He turned it in his hand, trying to see if-- Yes! When held just so, it looked for all the world like an armadillo.
The envelope bore a note scrawled in pencil on unlined paper. He had to hold it close to the desk lamp to decipher the faint handwriting. 

Woody,

You remember that gal we always used to talk about? Well, the bitch got pregnant, and now her daddys lookin for me. Im done with Greeley, but I need that gold.
You got to help me. Old man Parker will shoot me like a dog if I dont marry that girl!
Besides, sooner or later, somebodys going to figure out who killed the old woman. Theyll never suspect you. But me? I cant risk it.
After I cash in the gold, Ill send you your share.

Eldron

Tucker read the note several times, scrutinizing every word, especially the names. An idea began to form. The wall clock gave him twenty minutes until he connected with Holly. Time to go. A glance through the vault door confirmed it as the manager and the teller both stood with arms crossed and toes tapping.
He tucked the envelope and the nugget in separate pockets, left the empty box on the table, and exited both vault and bank. With any luck, he could catch Kate Mabry before she left the museum.

~*~

Kate was just locking up when Tucker hailed her from his car. She paused in the museum doorway while he parked.
I need to ask you about the woman you mentioned, he said. The one whose gold everybody used to talk about?
Etta Munger, Kate said. What about her?
Is her house still standing?
Kate pursed her lips and thought for a bit before answering. Probably. I dont think Id want to go inside, though. The place is liable to cave in, if it hasnt already.
Can you tell me how to find it?
Oh, thats easy. Its just off the road to Beaker Flats. Theres no turn off, you just head toward New Mexico and keep an eye on the northern horizon. Youll see the ruins in the distance. I went out there a couple times, years ago. Got a curio cabinet, but it was in sad shape. Didnt see anything else of value. Whatre you looking for?
Im not sure, really, he said. Evidence? I think I know who killed that woman, and Id like to see where it happened.
Kate looked surprised. That wouldve been over sixty years ago. Dyou think thered still be any evidence?
Tucker responded with a shrug. It cant hurt to look, can it?
But, why the sudden interest, and what makes you think you know anything about Etta Munger?
He hadnt planned to show her the letter, especially considering his earlier resolve to leave Greeley -- and his family -- forever. But the letter changed that, and hed been given the opportunity to right some wrongs.
He handed her the old note and watched while she struggled to read it. She dug a magnifying glass from her purse and made simple work of it.
This signature, she said at last. I take it you already know who Eldron is?
He nodded.
Then, you know hes not someone you want to anger. Hes a powerful man.
Hes a murderer.
Maybe. You notice he doesnt actually confess to anything in the letter. Ironic, isnt it? The perfect politician: gets in trouble, demands money, and admits nothing. She gave him a sympathetic shake of her head. Are you sure you want to get involved in this? Itd be easier to just turn it over to the district attorney. She appeared to give the notion some additional thought. Although I spect the DA wouldnt be eager to do anything about it. He and Coe belong to the same party.
More irony, Tucker said.
She squinted at him. Its the Parker reference isnt it?
Yeah.
The Parker girl--
Was my grandmother.

~*~

Holly greeted him with a wave when he pulled into the church lot. Hope I didnt keep you waiting long, he said.
She shook her head and smiled. Its steak night at the Cattlemans Castle.
Its always steak night at the Cattlemans Castle.
Well, Im up for it if you are.
Absolutely, he said, but Id like to make a little detour first.
Oh? Where to? Her blonde hair and blue eyes had a powerful effect.
He hadnt intended to tell her he found the letter. Though he originally agreed with her that old transgressions should be put to rest, he wasnt so sure anymore. He felt more than a twinge of guilt knowing his attitude could be so easily reversed when the issue became personal.
Cat got your tongue? she asked. The smile had grown wider, more inviting. And the sundress seemed to reveal even more cleavage than before.
Focus, Tucker!
He gave her a nervous laugh. Its just-- This is really awkward.
What is?
He pulled out the letter and handed it to her. I think this is what you came looking for.
She opened the letter and scanned through it. Hard to read, isnt it?
No kidding. Who writes a letter with a pencil?
She grimaced. According to this signature, my grandfather did.
He sat quietly while she examined the old note.
Id like to see this in better light, she said. And maybe with a magnifying glass. Would you mind?
Not at all, he said.
And, she added. I need to make another phone call.
Tucker gently pulled the note from her fingers, folded it, and put it back in his pocket. I understand. But right now, Im going to drive out and take a look at the place where the old lady lived. Youre welcome to come along, or we can just meet up later.
Fine, she said. Id like to go with you. But I really do need to make that call.
No problem. Theres a pay phone on the way out of town.
Can we take your car? she asked. Im low on gas.
He agreed, feeling magnanimous and ready to congratulate himself for handling what could have been a disastrously awkward situation.

~*~

You cant miss it, is one of those oft-spoken refrains which almost never comes true. It all but guarantees missing whatever ones looking for. Based on personal experience, Tucker expected this basic truism to rear its head again. And it did.
No matter how hard they scanned the horizon, nothing showed but empty plains stretching into the vastness of west Texas.
They reached the New Mexico border and turned around, looking over their left shoulders on the way back toward Greeley. Tucker had reached a point on the verge of frustration when Holly spotted something in the distance.
There! she cried, as if shed found the landing site of an alien spaceship. See?
He thought -- maybe -- he had. Applying the brakes, he angled into the sand and scrub through which the blacktopped highway ran. Speed was not an issue; keeping all four tires intact, was.
I see the house, Holly said. He couldnt tell if her voice actually sounded breathless, or if it mightve been his imagination. Hed lost count of the number of times hed grabbed surreptitious glances at her gloriously drooping neckline. It nearly made him seek out bumps and ridges to drive over.
All too soon they drove into the front yard of a dilapidated building. Weather greyed and beaten down by sandstorms and a century of west Texas sunlight, the house still stood. Sort of. The roof had long ago abandoned any pretense of protection from the elements, to say nothing of architectural integrity. The walls leaned nearly as much, and almost nothing of the front porch remained attached to the main structure.
Im going in, Tucker said.
Why? Holly asked. It doesnt look safe.
How bad could it be? he asked.
If it doesnt come crashing down on your head, then I spect youll only run the risk of falling through the floor and landing in a pit of vipers. You up for that?
Pessimism doesnt become you, he said.
Okay then, lead on.
He stepped gingerly through the remains of the porch and tested the door. The knob had rusted into a solid blob, but the hinges still worked, albeit noisily. He pushed the front door open, climbed up on the sill, then turned and offered Holly a hand up.
When he turned around, he found himself facing an old man in a blue golf shirt and tan slacks. His carefully coifed, white hair and pleasant demeanor did nothing to soften the threat of the gun he pointed directly at Tuckers heart.
You must be the Thomas boy, the old man said.
Tucker quickly got over his surprise. Holly mustve tipped him off. Congressman Coe?
A head nod. At your service.
Im sorry, Holly said, putting her hand on Tuckers shoulder. I had to tell him.
God knows, we wouldnt want to take our time with something as sensitive as a sixty-five year old murder.
I understand you have a letter of some kind, Coe said.
Tucker glared at Holly.
Come, come. Its not that big a deal. Just hand it over, and well forget this whole regrettable incident.
Im afraid I cant do that, Tucker said.
Son, you arent the first to try and blackmail me.
Woodrow wouldnt do that.
Actually, said Coe, he did. But he wasnt the first either. That wouldve been your mother.
What?
That was the second body I hid that no one will ever find. Do you think Im not willing to go for three? Gimme the damned letter!
A new voice entered the conversation, emanating from ground level at the doorway. Play along with him, Tucker. You mustnt raise his blood pressure. We wouldnt want the old bastard to seize up n die before he goes to jail.
Tucker, Holly, and Coe all looked toward the voice at the same time.
Tuckers voice reflected his puzzlement. Aunt Nell?
Kate Mabry called me, Nell said. Told me you were headed out here, and that no good could come of it. That much appears true. What took you so long?
Cmon up here, Coe said, waving his gun. Might as well make a party of it. He pulled back the hammer on the pistol, possibly for dramatic effect--which it clearly accomplished--and gestured for Nell to join them.
Im too old to climb anywhere, she said. Ill just stay right here.
Youll do exactly as I say, growled the congressman.
Shes fine right where she is, said still another voice. This time it came from behind Coe.
Tucker stared in shock at his uncle Hunter. The pit bull twins, Denny and Donny, stood at either elbow as if waiting for the command to attack.
The gunman stepped away in an effort to keep everyone in view. He pulled a second gun from his jacket pocket, a more compact automatic, and handed the revolver to Holly. Keep an eye on them, he said, gesturing to Nell and Tucker.
Hell of a time for a family reunion, Tucker muttered.
Nell grinned. Its at times like these when you never have enough family. But the rest will be along soon. She put her hands on her hips and stared directly into the congressmans increasingly more nervous face. I think I hear a couple cars now.
Holly held the gun at her side, glaring at her grandfather. You really killed two people?
I didnt have a choice.
And then you wanted me to come down here and charm the letter out of Tucker? Did you expect me to sleep with him to get it?
Youre not looking at this the right way, he said, a slight whine coloring his tone.
Bullshit. She shot him in the kneecap.
No one moved except Coe, who collapsed like a demolished building. After a moment of odd silence, the politician began to scream, both hands clawing at his ruined knee.
Nice shot, honey, Nell said. Then to Tucker, Gimme a hand up, boy!
But you said--
Help her up, Holly said.
He did.
As Hunter and the twins dragged Coe toward the back entrance, more heads popped up in the front door -- Nells sons, daughters and grandchildren crowding for a better look.
Tucker called to his uncle, Hold on a second.
When he held out his hand, Holly placed the still smoking revolver in it. He scooped up Coes gun and stuck both weapons in his waistband, pirate style. Coe remained on the floor in fetal position, and Tucker stood over him, looking down.
Howd you know Woodrow would leave me the letter?
Screw you, Coe said.
Tucker shuffled his foot just enough to push the toe of his loafer into Coes mangled knee. The congressman reacted as if hed been given a large dose of direct current. When he eventually calmed down, Tucker repeated the question.
I knew Woody was afraid of incriminating himself, but he was still pissed off about-- Well, about his wife and daughter.
My mother and grandmother.
Yeah. So, it had to be you. Woody knew you couldnt resist coming after me. He glared at Nell and the others. I didnt count on all them helpin you out.
You done? Hunter asked.
Yeah.
Cmon, Pappy, Hunter said, then motioned for his sons to continue hauling the politician out to their car. He rubbed his chin and observed, We may need to put a Band-Aid on that knee.
He really yo daddy? Denny asked.
Naw. Just kiddin. Woodrow was my Dad. I dont even know this asshole.
Tucker suddenly realized where the wayward gene came from that resulted in the twins. Coes groans faded as they dragged him away.
Yknow, Holly said. When he snuck out here, he made sure nobodyd be able to follow him. We could just bury him and be done with it.
Its tempting, Tucker said, but Id rather see him tried and convicted. He slipped his hand into his pocket and retrieved the gold nugget, then gave it to Nell. That needs to go in the museum.
I agree, Holly said. She sidled closer, inviting him to put his arm around her.
Tucker dropped his voice. Ive still got the note, in case youd like to try and charm it out of me.
She leaned close and whispered, Do I need to take you to bed?
Nell just smiled.

~End~

About the author:

Josh Langston lives and works in Marietta, Georgia, with his amazing wife and two uninhibited dogs. His prize-winning short fiction has been published in numerous magazines and anthologies. He and Canadian author Barbara Galler-Smith have written a series of best-selling historical fantasy novels. Druids and Captives, the first two books in the trilogy, are available in print as well as in E-book format at Smashwords.com. The list of additional short fiction titles continues to grow.

See me on Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/JoshLangston or try these Smashwords links for easy access:

A Little Primitive ** -- A contemporary thriller featuring a two-foot tall Indian on a mission to save his clan, and a woman hiding from her psychotic ex-husband.
A Little More Primitive ** -- The little warrior returns -- with his lady love! Alas, the apple of his eye is kidnapped. Once again, the little primitive springs into action.
Resurrection Blues ** -- A novel of discovery and liberation set in a town that doesn't exist, at least as far as tax collectors are concerned. (Don't miss the sample chapter beginning on the next page.)
Mysfits -- A six-pack of urban (and suburban) fantasies.
Dancing Among the Stars -- A six-pack of science and speculative fiction.
Christmas Beyond the Box -- Six holiday tales of mystery and magic.
The Best Damned Squirrel Dog (Ever) -- A Civil War ghost story.

Books co-authored with Barbara Galler-Smith:

Under Saint Owain's Rock ** -- A contemporary romantic comedy. 
Druids -- ** The first century BC adventures begin.
Captives -- ** The Druids saga continues.
Warriors -- ** The final book in the Druids trilogy (debuts May 2013).

**Also available in paperback.
(List last updated on Dec. 1, 2012.)

Connect with me online at http://www.joshlangston.com
Bonus! Here's the opening chapter of Resurrection Blues, for which Josh Langston was nominated as 2012 Georgia Author of the Year (by the Georgia Writer's Association).


Chapter 1
One good fire is the equivalent of three good moves. --Wayne A. Langston


Trey opened his door to the first line of a joke: An Indian, a dwarf, and a biker walk into a bar... Except he didn't own a bar, and this clearly wasn't a joke.
"We're lookin' for Trey Bowman," the Indian said.
"As in A. A. Bowman, the third," added the biker.
Trey looked down at the dwarf, expecting her to add something. She didn't. Instead, she stunned him with the sexiest smile he'd ever seen. He dragged his gaze from her face and quickly inspected the other two visitors. They appeared calm, and unarmed. Always a good sign. Still....
"He's dead," Trey said.
"Then, who the hell're you?" asked the Indian, "And why are you in his house?"
"Who the hell are you, and why do you want to know?"
The biker looked less likeable than he had before, the morphing process moving him from possible miscreant to probable felon. "It's important we find Trey Bowman. He's not in any trouble. Leastwise, not with us, but if he's dead we'll need to see proof."
"Like a grave?" Trey asked.
"More like a body," said the Indian. "But a death certificate would probably do."
The dwarf continued to smile, but the effect ceased to be sexy. It now seemed morbidly curious -- the sort of smile reserved for really bad traffic accidents, or public executions.
"You didn't answer my questions," Trey said, shifting his foot slightly in order to get more of it wedged at the bottom of the door. "So, again: who are you, and why are you looking for Trey Bowman?"
"Augie sent us," the tiny female said, her voice a delicious tinkling of fine crystal.
"Augie who?"
"Augie Bowman."
"He's still alive?"
"Yeah, but not for long. Doc says he's only got a few days left." The Indian looked down at a photo in his hand, then held it up to eye level and glanced back and forth between Trey's face and the picture. "He sent us to find you."
Trey squinted at him. "Okay, I'm Augustus Bowman."
"The third," said the biker by way of confirmation. "Your grampaw said you go by 'Trey.'"
"I do, but he barely even knows me," Trey said, twisting to see if he recognized himself in the photo. He hadn't seen his grandfather in at least twenty years.
"Why don't you call yourself 'Augustus' or 'Augie?'" the biker asked. "Don't you like your name?"
"I like Trey."
"I expected someone more... I dunno, interesting," said the Indian to the biker. "This guy's a geek."
"I am not a geek! I-- I hate computers."
"Relax, sweetie," said the diminutive femme. "He's not talkin' about the kinda geek you're thinkin' of." She looked up at her companions. "I think it's him, but we'd better check his ID just to be sure."
"My ID? This is my house, for cryin' out loud. I don't have to produce an ID. You should be showing me yours."
"I'm Warren Lightfoot," said the Indian, pushing his arm between the door and the jamb. "You can call me Bud." He gripped Trey's hand firmly, shook it once, then let go.
"Bud. Right." Trey looked at the biker.
"I'm Dago," he said, keeping his hands in the pockets of his jeans.
"Of course you are," Trey said, utterly clueless. He looked down. "And you must be...."
"The Virgin Mary," she said with an absolutely straight face.
He tried to roll with it. "Would it be okay if I just called you 'Mary'?"
"Sure," she said, relighting her ten thousand watt smile. "I'm not really a virgin."
"Good," he said. "I mean, about your name. Not the, you know--"
"Time to go," said Dago.
Oddly, Trey felt no threat from the bizarre trio. Something about them had the ring of truth, and he felt compelled to go with them. Besides, he'd already made a complete mess of his life, and he clearly had nothing better to do.
"You got a car?" Bud asked. "We've got a truck, but somebody'd have to ride in the back."
"Not me!" Mary said. She pushed through the door and grabbed Trey's hand. "You wouldn't make a lady sit in the back of a truck, would ya?" She snuggled up to his thigh, and batted what he suddenly realized were absurdly long eyelashes.
"I've got a car," he said. "I can follow you."
Bud smiled for the first time. "Good, then let's get movin.
"Waitaminute!" Trey said. "First things first. How long am I gonna be gone? Do I need to pack some clothes? Leave a forwarding address? Who's gonna feed my parakeet?"
"Good Lord, he's got a tweety," said the Indian. "I told you he was a geek."
"Bring the bird," Mary said. "And throw some clothes in a bag. If you need more later, I'm sure we can find the hole and come back."
"'Find the hole?' What the hell are you talkin' about?"
The biker stared at Mary as if he was contemplating dwarficide.
"It's just an expression," Bud said. "We'll explain later."
Trey looked down at Mary. "I don't really have a parakeet."
"I can get you one."
"No. That's cool. I don't--"
"You like blue or yellow? Green, maybe? I think that's all the colors they come in. But I can check it out." She pulled him after her. "Where's your bedroom?"
Trey hit the brakes. Mary may have been short, but she had full grown curves. "My bedroom?"
"Yeah. Unless you keep your clothes somewhere else."
"Oh. Right. I thought--"
"You have a dirty mind, Trey." She laughed, and somewhere a shelf full of exquisitely fragile glass toppled onto the floor. "Where's your suitcase?"
He retrieved it from his closet, then paused long enough to look for Mary's companions. "Where are--"
"Outside."
"While we're--"
"In here. Packing." On her tiptoes, she groped blindly in the top drawer of his dresser and withdrew a handful of briefs. "I figured you for boxers." She threw them on the unmade bed, then continued foraging in his other drawers. T-shirts and socks followed the underwear and landed in a pile.
Trey stuffed his clothes into the travel bag as quickly as Mary launched them in his direction. "Jeans and sweatshirts are in the closet," he said, but she had already discovered them. "Will I need a jacket?"
She paused to look at him, curiosity coloring her classic features. "I doubt it. Unless we've slipped into another dimension, this is still summer in Atlanta, isn't it?"
"But I don't know where we're going!"
"West and north, but not far either way."
"That's comforting." 
"These are nice," she said, throwing a pair of loafers at him. "Bring 'em."
"Those are my formal sorta shoes. They're a little tight."
"Wear 'em for me, then."
"Okay," he said. "Listen, I'll get the rest of that."
"No, you won't. We're done. You got that stuff packed yet?"
Very little space remained in the valise. "Uh--"
"Don't forget your hairdryer, razor, and toothbrush."
"Why do I get the feeling you've done this before?"
"I've got six brothers," she said. "Most of 'em are younger than me, but none of 'em know how to pack. It's just not a guy-thing, y'know?"
He nodded. She was right. She was also leaving.
He zippered the case and hauled it out of the room as Mary walked out the front door. With none of his visitors in sight, Trey slipped into the little pantry in his kitchen and reached into the flour container where he kept his emergency fund--a roll of twenties he'd received in exchange for a motorcycle he couldn't afford to keep running. The money was gone.
Trey looked up at a chuckle from just outside the pantry.
Bud held up his cash, still wrapped in a plastic bag. "Lookin' for this?"
"How'd--"
"You'd be surprised how many people hide their money like that," he said, tossing it to him. "You oughta find a safer spot."
"Like the freezer?"
"Nah. I'd have found it there, too."
Trey felt violated. "Where, then?"
"I like banks," he said. "You ready to go?"
"Do I have a choice?"
"Not really."
They left.

~*~

Willard Calcraft had more attaboys and fewer friends than anyone else in the Internal Revenue's regional office in Atlanta. Nicknamed "The Executioner" by some wag who discovered a similarly named 19th century English hangman, Will hadn't actually killed anyone, though it was generally believed his unrelenting zeal for collecting back taxes had caused several clients to come after him.
His wife, Marjorie, had other reasons for wanting him dead. Foremost among them was a tax evader named Anastasia Jones whose profession required the strategic removal of her costume while dancing. Will had racked up some serious overtime on that case.
He had no idea Marjorie was contemplating his demise, but then few of her ideas had ever successfully garnered his attention. His inability to recognize problems of the domestic variety left him free to concentrate on his professional duties, such as the file in his hand.
A single sheet of paper occupied the folder. The name on the neatly typed file tab read: Bowman, Augustus A. The document contained the first clues in the kind of trail Willard Calcraft had followed often. He smiled in anticipation.
There was a "Bowman, Augustus A. " listed as the President of the Resurrection Holding Company, the address a rural route somewhere in Alabama. There was also a "Bowman, Augustus A." listed as the pastor of the Resurrection Free Will Unitarian Universalist Mission. It bore the exact same rural route address as the Resurrection Holding Company. He loved it when tax cheats tried to hide behind religion and considered himself duly constituted to collect that which was due unto Caesar, but not necessarily because he had a thing for Caesar. A final entry showed the results of a search for a personal income tax return for the head of the two organizations: all blanks.
Will swiveled his chair around to face a wall map of his region, Alabama, and quickly browsed through a listing of all the municipalities therein. Few names even came close; a town called Resurrection simply didnt exist. He obtained the zip code for the rural route of the holding company and located the area in the hilly terrain of the state's rugged northern reaches. He hunted for something that may have lent its name to both a trading company and a church. After twenty minutes of close scrutiny, he abandoned the map search without learning anything new. His curiosity growing, Will typed the word Resurrection into his favorite internet search engine and came up with an endless array of churches and church-affiliated organizations, but nothing that looked remotely promising from a tax collection vantage.
Rather than antagonize his contacts so late in the day, Will decided to leave the mystery of Resurrection until the next morning. That would give him plenty of time to pay Anastasia a visit before he drove home. He cleared off his desk, made sure he had an ample supply of dollar bills in his pocket, and left.

~*~

Mary rode with Trey as they angled northwest away from Atlanta. She made herself comfortable on top of his travel bag. Trey tried not to stare at the harness strap of her seat belt which neatly bisected her breasts.
"They don't make these damn things for little people," she said. "Driving anything bigger than a bumper car is a real pain in the ass."
"I'd be more sympathetic if I knew where we were going."
"Resurrection, of course."
"Of course," he echoed. He remembered the name, usually spoken under his mother's breath and always referenced in the negative. According to her, hell was a kinder, gentler alternative. "My mother told me some interesting stories about Resurrection. She wasn't a big fan."
"It's not a place for everyone," Mary said, "but I wouldn't live anywhere else."
"Have you lived anyplace else?"
She glanced at him with a slightly pained expression. "I've vacationed elsewhere. Or tried to. Vacation is over-rated. Frankly, I prefer stayin' at home." She pointed at Bud's truck some distance ahead. "Don't lose sight of them."
He increased his speed. "What's so special about Resurrection?"
"It's hard to explain."
"I've got nothin' but time."
"It's something you have to experience. The town isn't much to look at. It's more like your favorite jeans rather than your church clothes."
"I'm not much of a church-goer," Trey said. "None of my family was."
"That's not true. Augie lives next to the church. He's a minister."
Trey felt his eyebrows scrunch together. "Augie Bowman, a preacher? Maybe I'm not your guy after all. My grandfather was--"
"Is. He's not dead, yet."
"--is a con artist. According to my mother. As I recall, she also called him a snake oil salesman and a carnival barker. There were some other things, too, but those are the ones that stand out."
Mary squinted at him. "Your Mom told you that?"
"Yeah."
"Sure doesn't sound like Augie. She must not have known him very well. Either that, or he's changed. Drastically. The Boss is... The Boss! He's probably one of the smartest men in the world." Mary tried to cross her arms, but the combination of breasts and harness made it tricky. "I don't mean 'smart' like brain surgeon smart. He's smart in practical ways. He makes things work. He's not only a minister--"
"What church would have him?"
"Unitarian."
"Figures."
"He's also the banker."
"The banker?" Trey asked. "You make it sound like there's only one."
"That's all we need."
"A con artist owns the town's only bank?" He chuckled. These people were deranged. His mother couldn't have been that wrong about his grandfather, even if she did tend to be a tad over-reactive. "What a set up. He doesn't even have to drive his little lambs to the shed. They line up to be fleeced all by themselves."
"Are you this cynical about everything?"
He shook his head. "Only about cons, and I've gotta tell ya, that's exactly what this feels like."
She looked puzzled. "We're not tryin' to trick you."
"Right," he said, reaching into the glove box to extract a map. He tossed it in her lap. "Why don't you show me where Resurrection is on that?"
She leaned forward and put the map back. "'Cause I can't."
"You can't read a map?"
"I can't show you where Resurrection is, 'cause it's not on that map. It's not on any map."
"Because it doesn't exist. It's a scam." He slowed the car and looked for a place to turn around.
"What are you doing?"
"Goin' back," he said. "I've got more important things to do than waste my time with lunatics."
"Okay. But what about me? I don't want to go to Atlanta. I wanna go home."
"Fine," he said, flashing his lights as he pulled off the road. The tires crunched in the red clay and gravel of the narrow shoulder. Well ahead of him, the pickup truck slowed, then did a U-turn and sped back toward them. "You can ride back with Dago and Crazy Horse," he said.
"Warren Lightfoot. Bud."
"Whatever."
She frowned at him. "You're a real asshole, you know that? I thought you might be a decent guy, like your grandfather, but I was wrong."
"I am a decent guy," he said. "I just don't like being jerked around, and that's all you've been doing."
The pickup pulled off the road opposite Trey's car. Bud rolled the window down. "What's the problem?"
Mary leaned across Trey and called back, "He wants to go home. He thinks we're tryin' to pull something over on him."
Bud jammed the shift lever into park and killed his engine. His door squealed as he opened it and again when he pushed it shut. He jogged across the road and leaned down to look through Trey's window. "So, you don't want to see your grandfather. He's on his deathbed. It's his last wish, on Earth. But you're too busy to see the old guy off?"
"I think you're trying to pull some kind of scam."
"Like what?"
"I dunno. I'm not the con artist; my grandfather is. And, I suspect, y'all are, too."
Bud pursed his lips and went silent for a long moment. "Why would we bother to scam someone who's broke?"
"Who said I was broke?"
"The Boss."
"I'm not broke!"
"Really? That's odd, 'cause according to Augie, you've been unemployed for almost a year. Your last three checks bounced like Texas Leaguers, and your credit report shows more red ink than black. A lot more. Your bank's going to take your house at the end of the month."
Trey squeaked, "You ran a credit check on me?"
"I didn't. The Boss did. He said he had to wait until you were ready."
"Ready for what?"
"A change," said Mary. "Or would you rather go back to the same old, same old? At least until someone comes along to take it away."
"Now wait just a damn minute--"
"Not us," Mary said, "the bank."
"But--"
"Don't get us wrong," Bud said. "We aren't above trying to pull a fast one on some fat-cat outsider. You're more like family."
"How comforting."
"Don't get drippy on us," Bud said. "Can we go now? I wanna get home before dark."
"Yeah, sure, but I'm not promising I'll stay."
Bud didn't respond. He walked back to his truck, fired it up and gunned the engine through the turn which took him back the way he'd come. Trey pulled out after him.
"No one has to stay in Resurrection," Mary said. "It's not a prison. The people who live there like it there. Give it a chance; you might like it, too. If not, we'll show you the way out." 
"I doubt you'll have to show me," he said.
Mary only smiled.

~*~

Marjorie Calcraft propped her chin on her knuckles and blew a strand of limp, blonde hair straight up off her forehead. Her closest friend, Alyson Spencer, topped off her Cosmo, then carefully emptied the shaker into her own glass. "Drink up. The kids'll be home from practice soon."
Marjorie nodded despondently. "It's Tuesday, right? Excitement night."
"You goin' out for dinner?"
"We never go out anymore. Will says it's not cost effective."
"He actually says that?"
Marjorie shrugged. "No, but that's the way he acts. I'm tellin' ya, Aly, I can't take much more."
"Then divorce him. You're still a good-looking woman. You could find someone else, someone who'd appreciate you for who you are."
"Oh, right. I'm sure there are loads of handsome, single, well-to-do guys looking for fortyish blondes in size 12 slacks."
"You're a 12?" Alyson asked, the skepticism in her voice barely contained.
Marjorie's lips twisted to the side. "Sometimes. Depends on the label."
"You could settle for less than perfect. Single and well-to-do sounds pretty good. It'd help if they like kids."
"You're the one with kids, not me," Marjorie said. "You make it sound so... mercenary." She swirled the pink beverage in her glass and just barely managed to keep it from sloshing over the edge. She preferred wine glasses, the big, trendy bubble style. The way Alyson made Cosmos -- half vodka, half cranberry juice, a splash of Cointreau -- it only took one to relax her. Two usually put her in a mild state of euphoria. Two, in the bubble glasses, would put her in a coma. That evening, however, she felt nothing but depression. "I think maybe I'll just shoot him."
Alyson grinned. Marjorie knew she liked nothing better than a good conspiracy, especially if nothing ever came of it.
"Could be messy," Alyson said. "Noisy, too. You got a gun?"
"Will does. Somewhere."
"Know how to use it?"
"What's to know? They do it all the time on TV." Marjorie took another sip of her drink. "I could do it. I could lock him outta the house, and when he tried to break in, I could blow his cheatin little weenie off."
Alyson took a sharp breath. "You think he's cheating? Really? With who? Anyone I know? Wait! I'll bet I know." She gave her head a sympathetic shake. "It's that busty brunette in the house with the pool. What's her name? Sheila something. I've heard she sunbathes in the nude. Can you believe it?"
"It's not Sheila Sonderberg," Marjorie said. "She's at least ten years older than I am. She gives kids piano lessons, fergodsake."
"Well, then, who is it? Anyone I know?"
"Not unless you frequent strip clubs."
Alyson's previous sharp intake of breath failed to compete with her latest. "Are you sure? How do you know?"
"I followed him one night. He's been acting strange lately. Even more than usual, if you can believe it. He gave me some ridiculous story about having to go to the office, but I knew better."
"And he went to a strip club?"
Marjorie nodded, tears welling in both eyes. "It took me fifteen minutes to get there, and I waited for almost an hour. He walked right past me when he came out. Didn't even recognize my car! Never looked in my direction."
"Maybe it was work-related."
Marjorie gave her a look she usually reserved for only the most deserving dumb asses.

~*~

Trey and Mary had driven for about two hours when the pickup in front of them slowed to a stop on the side of the road. Dago hopped out and walked back to Trey's car with the setting sun at his back, framed by a pair of non-descript Appalachian foothills.
"I'll drive from here," he said.
"No thanks," said Trey. "I'm not tired."
"He's not worried about your safety," Mary said. "It's a security thing." She looked into the back seat. "You can stretch out back there."
Trey shook his head. "I'm not stretching out anywhere but right here, behind the wheel. Listen, I promise not to tell anyone where your goofy little town is, if that's what you're worried about."
"We're not worried," Dago said, pressing something cold and hard against Trey's neck.
When he woke, he found himself curled up on the back seat, the sole occupant of the vehicle. He sat up and looked around, expecting some sort of unpleasant side effect from the tranquilizer Dago must have used on him. Instead, he felt surprisingly clear-headed, as if he'd had a good night's sleep.
He felt as though he owed it to himself to be angry at his captors, but he wasn't. Whatever had knocked him out left him feeling awfully good, though he doubted he'd been asleep very long. The sun sat low in the sky, but it was far from dusk. He vowed to settle things with Dago the next time he saw him. And Mary, too. She could have warned him he was about to take a nap.
He exited the car which was parked behind a single, large house, and stretched. The dwelling was no different than a thousand others he'd seen in small towns throughout the South. Someone was in the process of painting the place, but it wasn't a rehabilitation effort. The house had obviously been well kept. A huge dog of indeterminate breed filled the top of the stairs leading to the back door. Trey hoped it was on a chain, though it didn't appear interested in him. It yawned, exposing saurian teeth and a long pink tongue. Trey decided not to venture too far from his car. The thought made him spin around and look at the ignition for his keys. They weren't in sight.
"Trey!" said a gravelly voice from the porch. "How in the hell are you, boy?"
An old man leaned against the porch rail, a smile on his pale face. A great mane of white hair and a full, matching beard gave the man a distinctly Clausian look, although his body would never pass for a jolly old elf.
"Gramp?"
"C'mon up here, boy," said the old man. "Lemme get a look at you."
Trey ambled to the bottom of the stairs but stopped when the gigantic canine lifted its head and stared at him.
The old man waved his arm impatiently. "C'mon up. Tiny won't hurt ya. He's got about as much energy as me, and that ain't sayin' much."
Tiny lowered his great head as Trey climbed the stairs and stepped over him. The dog never even blinked.
The old man grabbed Trey's proffered hand and pulled him into a hug. "God, how I've missed you! I was sorry to hear about your Mom. I wanted to attend the funeral, but the doctor wouldn't let me out of bed."
Pressed to arm's length, Trey examined his grandfather. Though thin and pale, he certainly didn't look as though he'd just crawled from his death bed. "They told me you were, uhm, pretty sick."
"I am. Gonna die soon, they say." He gave Trey a toothy smile.
"You don't sound very upset about it."
He shrugged. "We all have to go sooner or later. No sense worryin' about it." He clapped Trey on the shoulder. "Don't misunderstand. I'm not eager to leave the midway. I'll ride this carousel for a few more turns, but when it's time to climb on the next ride, I'll be ready."
"You think death is just another carnival ride?"
"Isn't it?"
"No! Death is... death. It means everything's over. Done. Endless nothing."
"I like the carnival ride theory better. It's hard to get excited about 'endless nothing.'"
Trey felt suddenly foolish. He slapped his forehead. "I-- I get carried away sometimes and forget when to keep my big mouth shut. I'm sorry."
The old man smiled. "Don't be. You're entitled to your opinion." He motioned toward an open door. "It's cooler inside. You hungry?"
"Actually, I was thinking of maybe drivin' back tonight."
"Then you'll need these," the elder Bowman said, handing him his car keys. "But surely you can stay for dinner."
"You're not going to drug me again, are you?" He still wanted to give Dago a piece of his mind, but the aroma of fried chicken and fresh bread all but overpowered him.
The old man laughed. "I can't promise you won't get sleepy after you eat a big meal, but if you're determined to leave, no one's going to stop you. I'll see to it someone helps you get to the main road."
Trey followed his grandfather through the house toward the kitchen. All along the way the smells of cooking food grew stronger, and Trey's appetite grew as well. A young woman met them at the kitchen door, then led the old man to a chair at a built-in table. "Have a seat, Boss. Everything's ready."
"Kate, this is my grandson, Trey. The one I've been telling you about."
She smiled and extended a hand. Trey accepted it while examining her face. "You look so familiar."
Kate chuckled. "I understand you spent the afternoon with my big sister. Folks say we look alike."
"Mary's your 'big' sister?"
"Yeah. 'Cept her name's not Mary."
A wave of confusion crested over Trey. It must've shown on his face.
"Her real name's Ethyl. She likes to use a variety of names. Can't say I blame her."
"Ethyl?"
"Yeah, like at the gas station, ethyl or regular."
Trey still didn't understand. He looked to his grandfather for help. He responded while piling chicken on a plate and passing it to Trey by way of Kate. "Ethyl teaches history," he explained. "She was having trouble getting through to some of her students and decided to try something a little unconventional to get their attention."
"This was a couple years ago, and she was getting desperate," Kate said. "There aren't that many folks willing to pay for history lessons to begin with. She couldn't afford to lose any students."
Trey tried to concentrate on what they were saying, but the smell of fried chicken made it difficult. Kate put a fist-sized helping of mashed potatoes on his plate and puddled gravy in the middle. A trickle of the thick, fragrant liquid dripped down one crisp edge of the chicken.
"What'd she do that was so different?" Trey asked.
"They were studying ancient Egypt at the time," Trey's grandfather said. "She came to school dressed like Cleopatra."
"What a shock that must've been," Kate said. "She found a costume from the old show days--harem pants, a skimpy top, lots of jewelry and make-up--then she waltzed into class and introduced herself as the Queen of the Nile. Wouldn't say anything more until the students addressed her properly. Pretty soon they were asking questions and she was giving answers. I daresay those kids learned a lot. Then, when word got out about her skimpy costume--"
"Which took about ten minutes," the old man interjected. 
"--a whole bunch of boys signed up for her class. She wouldn't let 'em in unless they agreed to stay the whole year, and paid in advance. She chose one new character a week after that, and just played the roles. I know--I helped her with a lot of the costumes. She got so good at it, and had so much fun doing it, that she let it slide over into her non-school life. She even wears the costumes when she's working at the caf. Customers love it."
"I thought you said she was a teacher."
"She is. She's also a business owner. Co-owner, actually. She and a friend run a pastry shop in town."
Trey nodded. "Do you know who she is this week?"
"Wait, don't tell me," said the old man, his food untouched. He clenched his eyes shut in concentration. They all sat in silence until he shook his head in defeat.
"Think Christmas," Trey said.
"Mary! Of course," Kate giggled. "Bet that took you by surprise. 'Course, she's hardly a virgin."
Feeling his role as a southern gentleman had been compromised somehow, Trey said, "I wish y'all wouldn't do that."
"Do what?"
"Tell me you're not virgins."
"Who said anything about me?" Kate asked, as she coolly met his gaze.
Trey chomped down on a fleshy drumstick and chewed to cover his discomfort. He couldn't remember the last time he'd tasted anything so flavorful.

~End of excerpt~


Resurrection Blues is available now in both e-book and paperback formats.
